1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
pose of giving a pension to the widow in this
case, but in some measure as an instruction or
guide to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
with reference to applications for invalid pen-
sions which may hereafter come before that
committee. There are ample funds to pay all
the pensions to widows of officers who died in
the service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. There are no further reports
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The remaining committees were called
through for private business, and no further
reports were presented.
TEXAS ELECTION CONTEST.
Mr. McCRARY offered the following reso-
lutions ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections:
Resolved, That the sixty days which the law allows
for taking testimony in the contested-election case
of G. W. WhitmoreTO. W. S. Herndon, from the first
district of Texas, shall commence on the 1st day of
January, 1872.
Resolved, That either party to the said contest be
authorized to take the testimony of Hon. J. W.
Flanagan', United States Senator, Hon, J. I). New-
comb, secretary of State, and Hon. E.J. Davis, Gov-
ernor of the State of Texas, at the city of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, before liny officer author-
ized by law to take depositions therein, within sixty
days after the passage of this resolution, upon three
days' notice to the opposite party.
Mr. BANKS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER, it has not; but the House
has got through with the business assigued to
the morning' hour.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
take up and consider the two appropriation
bills in reference to the treaty of Washington ;
but the gentleman from Illinois asks me to
yield for the consideration of the bill providing
for the construction of public buildings at
Chicago, which 1 will do if it does not give
rise to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 cannot say
that.
Mr. BANKS, If it is going to occupy time.
I cannot yield. I shall reserve my right.
CHICAGO PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am directed
by the Committee on Appropriations to report
back a bill (H. R. No. 459) for the construc-
tion of a public building at Chicago, Illinois,
with the recommendation that it do pass, with
two amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. I reserve the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. That it must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will always
reserve that point of order until the bill has
been read in full.
Mr. RANDALL. I only want to have an
opportunity to test the sense of the House on
the reduction of the amount.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the bill be
read.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
and directed to purchase, at private sale or
by condemnation, in pursuance of the statute
of the State of Illinois, the remainder of the
square of ground not now belonging to the
United States, on which the custom-house and
post office building, lately destroyed by fire in
the city of Chicago, was situated, if the same
can be obtained either by private purchase or
condemnation at what, in his judgment, is a
fair and reasonable price; but if not, then it
shall be his duty to purchase, in one of the
ways aforesaid, some other square of ground
in the city of Chicago, not more than two
squares distant- from the square on which said
building destroyed by fire was located, and to
cause to be erected on the square purchased a
fire-proof building, suitable for the accom-
modation of the custom-house, sub-Treasury,
post office, United States courts, pension and
internal revenue offices; and for this purpose
there is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
$2,000,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
shall cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of said build-
ing, including the cost of the sile, exceeding
$5,000,000 ; and before any money is expended
upon the construction of the building the plan
of the same shall be approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the Postmaster General,
and the Attorney General; provided that no
money hereby appropriated shall be used or
applied for the purpose until a valid title to
the land for the .site of such building shall be
vested in the United States, and until the State
of Illinois shall also duly release and relin-
quish to the United States the right to tax or
in any way assess said site or the property of
the United States that may be thereon during
the time that the United States shall be or
remain the owner thereof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now read the
amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
I. In line twenty-five strike out the word "live"
and insert " four so it will read, "so that no ex-
penditure shall be made or authorized for the full
completion of said building, including the cost of
the site, exceeding $1,000,000,"
II. In line thirty-two, after the word " Illinois."
insert the words "shall cede its jurisdiction over said
site to and so it will read, " and until the State of
Illinois shall cedo its jurisdiction over said site, and
shall also duly release and relinquish to the Unitod
States the right to tax or in any way assess said site
or the property of the United States that may be
thereon during the time that the United States shall
be or remain the owner thereof."
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to con-
sidering this bill in the House?
Mr. ITOLMAN. I object, uniess we con-
sider it in the House as in the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not object
to that.
The SPEAKER. Under the live-minutes
rule ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes.
Mr. HOLM AN. The bill to be open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Certainly. There being
no objection, it is so ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have no speech to make on this bill, but simply
wish to make a statement showing the action
of the Committee on Appropriations in regard
to it, leaving it to other gentlemen of the com-
mittee, if they desire, to discuss it.
The Committee on Appropriationsinvited the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
meet and consult concerning this bill. As
the result of that conference the committee
became satisfied it was a matter of good policy
to construct upon one square, to be wholly
owned by the United States, a public building
large enough to accommodate all the offices of
the United States in the city of Chicago.
All the public buildings of the United States
there were burned down in the late fire.
It was thought, in view of the great disaster
and the imperious necessity of furnishing
offices for the officers of the Government
there to transact business, the work should be
done at once. Nothing more could be done
immediately than to secure a site, and the
committee were informed that the Legislature
of Illinois has lately passed a law authorizing
the condemnation of the property, if necessary
for ceding it to the United States.
This bill provides that the site may be pur-
chased by private sale, or by condemnation
under the laws of Illinois, limiting the cost of
the whole square not now owned by the United
States to $1,000,000. The bill further pro-
vides that the cost of the structure and site
together should be limited to $5,000,000.
The committee, after considering the relative
cost of other buildings, thought we should
not authorize the erection of a public build-
ing which, exclusive of the site, was to cost
$4,000,000. We knew that in that respect we
were setting an example for Cincinnati. St.
Louis, Baltimore, and all other cities of simi-
lar size. And, as there is not now any one
public building belonging to the United States
outside of' this city that has cost more than
$3,000,000, exclusive of the site, we thought
it was not wise to set the gauge so high as
$4,001),000. The committee, therefore, rec-
ommend to cut down the fotal sum for site and
building to $4,000,000, and to require the
architect to make his plans, drafts, and esti-
mates upon that basis. The committee also
add a clause requiring the cession by the Slate,
of Illinois of jurisdiction over the site, in addi-
tion to what the bill already required, tint
there should be a cession of the right to tax
the site and the building. That seemed to the
committee to be a wise and prudent restriction.
These are the only amendments which the
committee have offered ; and this is all I desire
to say, except simply this : we show our sym-
pathy with the city of Chicago, in the great
calamity which has befallen it, by the prompt-
ness of our appropriation, and not by a need-
less extravagance in the amount. It will not
rationally aid Chicago to throw two or three
bushels of hundred dollar bills out on the
prairie to the wind. But the appropriation
of $2,000,000 for the purchase of a site for
a public building, and the beginning of the
work, is a simple act of justice, and te do this
promptly will afford great aid in relieving the
sufferings of that great city. I am ready to
believe that they themselves, proud, true citi-
zens as they are, appreciate this act more
highly if it carries with it the provision foi a
solid, substantial, even magnificent building,
such as $8,000,000 will make, and yet gives
evidence that we are not forgetting that other
worthy cities will by and by need as good ones.
I believe the appropriation recommended by
the Committee on Appropriations is amply
largo enough,
I ask tho attention of the House to the para-
graph in the President's annual message refer-
ring to this subject, as follows:
"By tho great fire in Chicago, tho most important
of the Government buildings in that city were con-
sumed. Those burned had already become inade-
quate to the wants of the Government in that grow-
ing city, and looking to the near future, were totally
inadequate. I recommend, thcrelore. that, all appro
priation be made immediately to purchase the re-
mainder of the square on which the burned buildings
stood, provided it can be purchased at afair valuation,
or provided that the Legislature of Illinois will pass
a law authorizing its condemnation for Government
purposes; and also an appropriation of as much
money as can properly be expended toward the
erection of new buildings during this fiscal year."
I also submit the following letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, recommending the
passage of saeh a bill as this:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., />* -rmOr, 9, 1871.
Silt: flours of December 6, inclosing a copy of
Hou.,o bill 150, providing for the construction of the
proposed public building at Chicago, Illinois, and
asking my opinion as to the amount necessary to be
appropriated at the present time, together with esti-
mates of the total cost of the building and of the
additional land required, is received.
Ill reply, I ha ve to say that I have .examined the
bill, and it appears to me to meet the requirements
oftheease. The a mount therein provided for will,
m my opinion, be sufficient to enable the Depart-
ment to proeurc the neeessar.v land and erect a suit-
able building, and the amount it is proposed to
appropriate immediately will suffice for the purehisc
of tho land and cover all the expenditures necessary
for the current fiscal year.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. gOl*TWm,L, Xeaetury.
Hon. Gf.oiioe A. Haisey, Gluurh'un Commi'tce ott
Public Bvp'lingvand Grovn'ds, Hm^eof Mwresenta-
live*.
