1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
hundred feet between the piers, measured at right
angles to the current atcvery stage, and that itsball
be placedover that portion of the river used by boats
during ordinary stage-* of water: Provided jurther,
That in case this high span is notover the low-water
channel, suitable arrangements be made elsewhere
to permitthep.issageot single boats under the bridge
at low water; that all bridges over the Ohio river
below the Covington and Cincinnati suspension
bridge, shall have, in addition to the,high span pre-
scribed above, a pivot-draw, giving two clear open-
ings of one hundred and sixty feet each, measured
at right angles to the current at the average stage
Dt water m the river, and located in a pare of the
bridge that can be safely and conveniently readied
at that stage; and thatsaid draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable s'gnal, for the passage
of boats whose construction shail not be such as to
admit of their passage under the permanent spans
of said bridge, except when trains are passing over
the same,
Sec. 2. That the piers of the high span and the
piers of the draw siiu.il be built parallel with the
current at that stage of the river which is most im-
portant, tor navigation ; and that no ripraps or other
outside protection for imperfect foundations will bo
permitted in the channel-way of the high span or
of the draw-openings.
Sec. 3. That any person, company, or corporation
authorized to construct a bridge across tlio Ohio
river, by the States upon whose territory said bridge
will abut, shall submit to the Secretary of War, tor
his examination, a design of the bridge and piers,
and a map of the location, giving, for the space ot
at least one mile above and ono mile below the pro-
posed location, the topography of the banks of the
river, the shore-lines at high and low water, the
direction ol the current at ail st-iges. and the sound-
ings accurately showing the bed of the stream, and
shall furnish such other information as may be
required for a lull and satisfactory understanding
of the subject by the Secretary of War; and if the
Secretary of War is satisfied thai the provisions of
the law have been complied with in regard to loca-
tion, the building ot the piers may be at once com-
menced ; but if it shall appear that the conditions
prescribed by this act cannot be complied with at
the location where it is desired to construct the
bridge, the Secretary of War shall detail a board,
composed of three experienced olficers of the corps
of engineers, to examine the case, and may, on
their recommendation, authorize sucil modifications
in the requirements of this act as will permit the
construction of the bridge- Provided., That tfio free
navigation of the river be not materially injured
thereby.
Sec. 4. That all parties owning or operating bridges
over the Ohio river shall maintain at their own
expense, from sunset to sunrise throughout the year,
huoh lights on their bridges as may be required by
the Light-House Board for the security ot naviga-
tion.
Sec. 5. That any bridge constructed under this
act, and according to its limitations, shall ba a
lawful structure, and shall be recognized and
known as a post route, upon which, also, no higher
charge shall be made for the transmission over
the same of the mails, the troops, and the muni-
tions of war of the United States, than the rate
per mile paid for the transportation over the rail-
roads or publio highways loading to said bridge;
and in case of any litigation arising from any ob-
struction or alleged obstruction to the navigation
ot said river created by the construction of any
bridge under this act, the cause or question arising
may be tried belore the district court of the United
States of any State m which any portion of said
obstruction or bridge touches; and that all railway
companies desiring to use the said bridges, or any of
them,shall have and be entitled to equal rights and
privileges m the passage of the same, and in the use
of the machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all
the approaches thereto, under and upon such terms
and conditions as shall be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, upon hearing the allegations and proofs
of the parties, in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 6. That the right to alter or amend this act so
as to prevent or remove all material obstructions to
the navigation of said river by tile construction of
bridges is hereby exprcssiy reserved; and that any
br dge or bridges constructed under this act shall be
built under, and subject to, such regulations for the
security of the navigation of said river as the Sec-
retary of War shall prescribe; and the saidbridges
shall be, at ail times, so kept and managed as to offer
reasonable and proper means for the passage of ves-
sels through and under them ; and the said bridges
shall bechanged, at the costand expense of theown-
ers thereof, from time to timo, as Congress may
direct, so as to preserve the free and convenient navi-
gation of said river; and the authority to erect and
continue said bridges shall be subject to revocation
by law whenever the public good shall, in the judg-
ment of Congress, so require.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, not for the purpose of
making any debate, to the provisions in this
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire to speak to the particular
amendment now pending?
Mr. PRATT. I will say to my colleague
that this is a bill authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Ohio river at or near
Mount Vernon. I have submitted the bill,
with the amendmentof the Committee on Com-
merce, to the friends of the bridge at Mount
Vernon, and they are satisfied with it in its
present form.
Mr. MORTON. What is the precise ques-
tion ?
Mr. PRATT. The question now, I under-
stand, is on striking out the proviso on the
second page as it stood in the original bill and
inserting the substitute.
Mr. RAMSEY. My impression is that in
the bills heretofore authorizing bridges across
the Ohio river it has been invariably required
that the span should be fifty feet above high-
water mark. I think probably it was some-
thing less in the changed plan ot'the Cincinnati
bridge ; but if it approaches that at all, I think
those interested in the navigation of the Ohio
river ought to insist on as great an elevaiion
here as at the other bridges, or their great
elevation at fifty feet is mere waste.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Michigan whether this retains the double ratio
of one hundred feet above low water mark
and forty feet above high-water mark ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. This amend-
ment was prepared by the board of engineers,
and is recommended by them ; but if it leads
to debate, I will move to lay it aside and take
up another bill.
■ Mr. MORTON. I do not want to debate it,
but simply to call the attention of the Senate
to two provisions here, the propriety of which
I question. In section five it is provided—
That any bridge constructed under this act, and
according to its limitations, shall be a lawful struc-
ture, and shall be recognized and known as a post
route, upon which, also, no higher charge shall be
madefor the transmission over thesameof themails,
the troops, and the munitions of war of the United
States, than the rate per mile paid for the trans-
portation over the railroads or public highways
leading to said bridge.
It provides that, no higher rates shall be
charged for the transmission of mails 
Mr. CHANDLER. Will my friend allow
me to lay this bill aside informally and let me
take it up at a later hour in the day? I
should like to go on with the unobjectionable
bills.
Mr. MORTON. I do not want to defeat
the passage of this bill; but this is a general
provision.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; then I ask
that it be laid aside informally to be called up
again at a later hour.
Mr. MORTON. No; I will withdraw any
suggestion if the Senator thinks it important
to let it go just as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendments reported by the
Committee on Commerce, taking them all
together.
Mr. BOREMAN. Do I understand that
this is a motion to strike out and insert?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
as now put by the Chair is to take the question
on all the amendments of the committee, strik-
ing out the proviso and inserting another and
several sections.
Mr. BOREMAN. Will the amendment of
the committee then be subject to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
open to amendment after that.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to make a verbal
amendment. 1 am not opposed to ^e bill,
and do not propose to discuss it. It will be
seen that by the proviso proposed to be
inserted this bill is to apply below the mouth
of the Big Sandy. Another section, however,
from its general language, may be regarded
as applying above the mouth of the Big Sandy.
1 merely wish to insert after the words " Ohio
river,1' in the third section, the words "below
the month of Big Sandy,'' so as to confine its
application to that part of the river to which
it is intended to apply.
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. It seems this bill is to bs
laid aside because I call attention to it 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 simply desire to go on
with business and take up something that will
not lead to discussion. If we begin the gen-
eral bridge discussion, of course the day is
gone. I would much prefer to lay this bill
aside informally, but giving notice that after
the bills that do not lead to debate have been
acted on I will then come back to it.
Mr. MORTON. I ihmk the Senator has no
more important bill than this to present. J.
simply want to call the attention ol the Senate
to this provision, which I think is an unjust
one to this company and to every other that
may proceed under this bill:
Ko higher charge shall bo made for the transmis-
sion over the same ot the mails, the troops, and tho
munitions of war of tho United States than the rate
per mile paid for the transportation over the rail-
roads or public highways leading to said bridge.
Here is a bridge that may cost $2,000,000;
that may cost as much money as wiil build a
railroad lor fifty miles; and yet this bill con-
tains a provision that the company shall have
no more for the transmission ot the mails over
it than the same rate per mile over an ordinary
railroad. These bridges will be built by inde-
pendent companies as a general thing, some-
times by railroad companies combining, but as
olten by persons having no connection with the
railroad companies, i know of one company
now brganizing in that way, and it seems to me
that the provision would be unjust to any bridge
company.
Another provision that I would call the
attention of the Senate to is the concluding
part of the same section, beginning with line
thirteen:
And that all railway companies desiring to use
the said bridges, or any ot them,shall have and be
entitled to equal rights and privileges in the passage
of the samo, and in the use of tho machinery and
fixtures thereof.
I think that would be a provision which
would incumber the building of these bridges.
Railroad companies can refuse to go in, and
throw on other parties the onus of building it,
and after it is done come in and claim the
benefits.
Mr. CHANDLER. As it is evident that
this bill cannot be acted upon, and it seems it
cannot be laid aside informally, I move that
it lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill
lie on the table, to enable us to go on with
otfer bills.
The motion was agreed to.
CLEARANCES THROUGH FOREIGN TERRITORY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate next proceed to the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 659.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill
will be considered as being before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill (S. No. 659) relative to the entry
and clearance of ferry-boats and of bonded
cars passing from one State to another through
foreign contiguous territory was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the bill by inserting after the word
" clear," in line five, the words "nor shall the
masters or persons in charge of such vessels
be required to present manifests;" in line
seven, to change "or" to "nor;" and in the
same line, after the words "clearance fees,"
to insert "nor fees for reeeiving or certifying
manifests and in line nine, aiter the word
"such," to insert "baggage;" so as to maka
the bill read;
Be it cnacted, &c„ That vessels -used exclusively
as ferry-boats carrying passengers, baggage, goods,
wares, and merchandise, shall not be required to
enter and clear, nor shall the masters or persons m
charge of such vessels be required to present inani
fests, nor to pay entrance or clearance fees, nor fees
for recoiving or certifying manifests, but, they shall,
upon arrival in the' United States, be required to
