THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
taken in saying that it is tendered to tlie friends
of amnesty together with civil rights. It is
not. You are not required to vote for civil
rights. The only question is whether you will
allow a vote to be taken 011 the motion to take
np that bill, and youwill have to, do it any-
how, because the majority of the Senate can
take it up, and the majority will take it up
uncoupled with anything. The only propo-
sition is to get one bill out of the way aud
take the other up.
Mr. NORWOOD. The Senator from New
York says, "Here is an amnesty bill; and
when the proposition was made to take up the
House bill we could not get the consent of the
other side of the Senate to do it." Now 1 will
state to the Senator from New York and to the
Senator from Mississippi, 1 think it was, who
expressed their views 011 this subject, what I
think would be_ the effect of these bills being,
passed in the manner they propose to pass
them. It is said by the Senator from New
York that it is almost res adjudicata so far as
the action of the House on this question of
amnesty is concerned ; they have already three
or four times declared by a two-thirds majority
their will as to this measure. Sir, it the
amnesty bill goes back to the House as a
preposition of the Senate, and civil rights goes
there also, the effect is simply this: the minority
in that House can do as a minority, I under-
stand, have done, if i may be allowed to refer
to the action of the House. They can filibuster
and prevent any action upon the amnesty bill
unless those who are in favor of amnesty will
consent that the civil rights bill shall be taken
up and both go through pari passu, so that
the two thirds who are now in favor of am-
nesty as a separate and independent propo-
sition, when they have civil rights there will
probably adopt the operation of amending the
amnesty bill by tacking the civil rights bill to
it, just as it has been done in the Senate time
and again aud defeated ; and for that reason
I will not vote in favor of that measure. I
say to the Senators frankly, much as I desire
amnesty, much as my constituents desire it,
they are not willing to take it if they have to
take civil rights with it. Tliey would, rather
than have the civil rights bill passed, let
amnesty sleep, and I therefore cannot be a
party consenting to the passage ofthatmeasure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to say a
word. I am satisfied it is not the intention
of the lninoiity to allow the majority this
morning to take a vote or tu proceed to the
consideration of the civil rights bill, although
they are advised that everybody 011 the part
of the majority is willing to proceed next to
consider the amnesty bill separate and inde-
pendent, and it does not make the least differ-,
ence in justice or piinciple whether we take
up the Senate bill or the House bill. Both
of them are bills; both of them must have
the approval of both Houses; and it is 110
answer to say that because we choose to con-
sider a bill of our own aud send it to the
House, if they cannot have a particular am-
nesty bill, they will not have auy. I am will-
ing to leave it in that attitude, and therefore
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICE!!. Does the
Senator from Vermont give way?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will re-
new the motion.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senator to with-
diaw the motion for a moment. I am not at
all satisfied ——
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will withdraw the
motion if my honorable friend will renew it
when he concludes his remarks.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope no bargain will be
made about that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw it.
Mr. BLAIR. I am satisfied, Mr. President,
that the proposition which has been made by
our friends of the majority will be accepted
by the Deraociats, or by our friends on this
side.
Several Senators. And the Liberal Repub-
licans. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. And the Liberal Republicans
on this side if time is given for a clear under-
standing of the matter. I am satisfied, from
the declarations that have been made to me
by Senators all around me, and frorn their
known views, that there is a majority in the
Senate who will take up the House amnesty
bill and pass it without amendment. _ It re-
quires but a majority to take up that bill and
vote down all amendments, and then the two
thirds will pass it, which I believe we can have
in the Senate. The gentlemen on the other
side do not ask us to consent to take up the
so-called civil rights bill. We are not asked
to consent to it. We are simply asked not to
interpose dilatory motions, but to vote and to
offer any amendments we please, and vote for
amendments, and then allow the vote to be
taken on the bill, not consenting to its passage
in any sense, but protesting against it by our'
votes.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly; that is it.
Mr. BLAIR. I know if we attempt to
oppose it by dilatory motions ever so much
our effort cannot survive for more than a few
hours; that we simply obstruct the passage
of the bill through the Senate just as they
choose to pass it for three or four hours;
and we lose the chance, perhaps, of getting
that which I consider the greatest possible
boon that can be conferred upon thousands
aud thousands of men in our country. Hence
it is that I have said to the Senate that I was
perfectly willing to accept the proposition
which has been made here in good faith, and
that I did not intend any human being should
suppose that I stood in the way of amnesty,
which I regard as having been offered.
Mr. ED Si UN DS. 1 renew, the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from
Vermont to give way t.o me for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There will be no objec-
tion to the Senator's saying a word by_ unan-
imous consent while the motion is pending.
Mr. HAMLIN. I voted to unite amnesty
aud civil rights. I did not hanker after am-
nesty. I did vote for it after it was put in
connection with the civil rights bill. I should
not have voted for amnesty in a separate bill.
Now, we have a bill from the House which
suits me bolter than any bill we have had. I
saw that both measures fell by uniting them,
and I stated, 1 believe, 011 that occasion, and
again this morning, that I would not again
vote to unite those two measures. I have
asked my friend from Vermont to withdraw
the motion to adjourn simply for the purpose
of retracting what I have said. We have ten
dered to the gentlemen on'the other side a
proposition that would give them amnesty.
They scorn it. They thrust it from them. I
change my position, and I will not be bound
by what 1 said here this morning, but I will
vote, if I choose, to unite these bills, aud thus
makethemgo together or notgoatall. When
we tender it to men here who want amnesty as
a separate measure, the way in which they can
have it, they do not seek it. They must not
ask for my vote again ; and there are other
Senators around me who are against amnesty
who stand just as"! do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist ou my motion.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope the Senate will vote
the motion down.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope the Senator
will withdraw it, aud let us see if we cannot
get a vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is perfectly useless.
I insist 011 the motion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then let us vote it
down.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—-ayes twenty-four 
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So do I.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask per-
mission to make a proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent it can be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go ahead.
Mr. SPENCER. Go'on with the roil-call.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was merely
going to propose that we shall vote on the
civil rights measure with any amendments
with the understanding that no other business
shall be taken up until we take up the am-
nesty bill and vote upon that, and any atnend-
ments.that are offered, until it is disposed of
without debate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I shall propose to
amend that as I did some time ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Go ahead with the roll-
call.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the motion
will be voted down.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard. Caldwell, Chandler,
Clayton, Conkling, Edmunds, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Hamilton of Texas, Osborn, I'omeroy, Sauls-
bury. Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurman, Vick-
ers, Wilson, and Wright'—20.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of
West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson,
Sawyer, and Scott—23.
AtiSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Groldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, liarlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Pool, Ramsej', Rice.
Schurz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, West, and Wmdom—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up Senate bill No. 99.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. 1 am op-
posed to the civil rights bill in all its forms.
I believed this morning when it was moved to
take it up, and it was said it would pass, it
was intended to be forced upon the minority ;
but I accept now, in good faith, what many of
the members of the majority have said. Of
course I shall not vote for the civil rights bill
ill any form, not even to take it up; but I
understand that after that, the House amnesty
bill will be taken up and passed without
amendment. Believing that it is intended by
the Senate that that shall be done, and that
all who have expressed themselves favorable
to that course will so vote, I am now disposed
and ready to vote on the pending motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up Senate bill No. 99.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 99) supple-
mentary to an act entitled ''An act to protect
all citizens of the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means for their vin-
dication," passed April 9, I860.
Mr. WILSON. The bill has been read sev-
eral times.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
Whoever, being a corporation or natural person,
and owner, or in charge of any public inn, or of any
place of public amusement or entertainment ior
which a license from any legal authority is required;
or of any line of stage-coaches, railroad, or other
means of public carriage of passengers or freight,
shall make any distinction as to admission or accom-
modation therein, of any citizen of the United States,
because of race, color, or previous condition'of ser-
vitude, shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not less
than 8500 nor more than $5,000 lor each offense; and
the person or corporation so' offending shall be liablo
to the citizens thereby injuied in damages to be
recovered in an action of debt.
