1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
them as "those now in possession of the War
Department."
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, then in the possession
of the War Department, and not things to be
manufactured.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to know
whether pig-lead and all the other parts of a
cartridge, in the judgment of the Senator, being
ia possession, would be ordnance stores within
that statute, or whether, aecordingto his remark
before, bethinks it relates to arms alone—guns
with all parts assembled, or cartridges with all
the parts assembled?
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not 3ay so. I only
said that the statute provides that arms in pos-
session of the United States Government may
be sold, but that it does not say anything about
authorizing the War Department to manufac-
ture any articles for sale.
Mr. CONKLING. But the honorable Sen-
ator does not understand me. He reads the
statute which relates to arms alone. I am
trying to call his attention to the fact that it
relates to all ordnance stores, and I am remind-
ing him that pig lead, for example, and every
other part of a cartridge is a part of the ord-
nance stores. Perhaps it may appear to him
before this is over.
Mr. SCHURZ. I read the statute as it stands
in that connection, "arms and other ordnance
stores." I never doubted that. I understand
the Senator perfectly. As to pig lead, pig lead
is not cartridges; pig lead and gunpowder
may, as such, have been in the possession of the
Government, but the cartridges had to be
manufactured, and the cartridges to be man-
ufactured were not old stock, as designated
by the statute.
And now here it appears again that not
Richardson, not the bellicose lawyer, but that
Remington was the man who moved in this
matter; for Remington says of himself, "I
had those cartridges made," " I made the de-
posits," "I was told by the chief of ordnance,"
and so on. It seems to me that the proof of
-Remington's agency in these things is not far
from being conclusive, for as the Senator from
New York has already stated, he might take
occasion to say that Remington is an honorable
man. But I ask you, after all this, even if
Remington conducted the purchases through
. third parties, was not there such abundant rea-
son for suspecting him of being at the bottom
of the whole of it, and he being known as the
French agent, that it required an extraordinary
amount of short-sightedness not to see it?
And here comes the chief of ordnance
and says, '■ Oh, we would not sell to Reming-
ton, God forbid! but Thomas Richardson
was an innocent man," while it appears from
Remington's own letter that Mr. Remington
was Mr. Thomas Richardson. Well, sir. lam
forced to the conclusion that 111 these transac-
tions there appears a degree of blindness com-
pared with which the blindness of bats and
moles is clairvoyance, or that the whole pro-
ceeding was a piece of transparent jugglery.
It was either one or the other ; but whether
it was one or the other, it is certainly worth
while for the Congress of the United States to
investigate.
But more than that—and I request the atten-
tion of my friend from New York once more;
I am sorry to trouble hira so much 
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator allude
to me in those touching terms?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to assure him he
has not troubled me yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHURZ. I am happy to hear it.
Mr. Remington happened to get into some
difficulties with the French Government, diffi-
culties growing out of the purchases of arms
through his agency from the Government of
the United States. The French Government,
it appears, had become suspicious concerning
some of his dealings, and retained certain
sums of money due him on a lot of arms fur-
nished by him previous to Ms transactions with
onr ordnance department. Mr. Remington
went to France to have these difficulties set-
tled and to obtain his money. His character
seems to have been called in question, and
before going he was armed with a letter of
recommendation certifying to his character and
standing as a gentleman and a business man ;
and unless I am very greatly misinformed
that recommendation bore the name of the
honorable Senator from New York, also the
name of General Dyer, chief of ordnance,
and was generally indorsed by William W.
Belknap, Secretary of War of the United
States.
Mr. CONKLING. Would the Senator like
to know how that is?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly, with the greatest
ple&sur©
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Sen-
ator to say that he is informed that Mr. Rem-
ington carried a letter from the Secretary of
War indorsed by me among others. I think
that can hardly be, as I never saw such a let-
ter as he speaks of. To be explicit, however,
and possibly to aid the honorable Senator in
his present laudable endeavors, I will tell him
something more. Some time ago Mr. Re ring-
ton came to me with a number of letters, i
think one from Mr. John T. Hoffman, the
Governor of the State of New York, and sev-
eral from other well known citizens of both
political parties, which were to the effect
that he was a highly respectable man in
the general and business community. He
related to me that some citizen or emissary
of France had asserted in France, as I now
remember it, that he, Mr. Remington, and
I think all the members of his house, were
worse than indifferent people ; in short, that
they were greatly wanting in respectability ;
that they had no character in their own
country ; and he asked me to write him such
a note as I would, that he might show where
ever his character should be called in question.
I did write, not an indorsement upon the letter
of anybody else, but a note of my own. It
was a statement in general terms of this kind :
that having been informed by him that his
commercial and personal character had been
questioned, and he having asked me to say
whether his reputation deserved to be so ques-
tioned, I could not hesitate—I think now I
employ the words I did in the letter—I could
not hesitate to say for him and for all his
father s sons that commercially and person-
ally, as far as I had ever known, their char-
acter was good and their standing strong
and enviable in the community in which they
lived.
I think I have given the Senator the whole
of the nole which I wrote; but I saw no note
from General Belknap. I ought to add, how-
ever, as I am furnishing the Senator informa-
tion, one thing more if he will indulge me.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. And that is this: Mr.
Remington complained bitterly that his own
Government withheld from him and' from its
citizens what every Government in the world
that he had visited, and he had visited nearly
all the Christian Governments, was in the
habit of extending to theircitizens or subjects ;
and he illustrated to me in a very interesting
manner^ what he said. I would repeat his
illustration here if I were not encroaching upon
the time of the Senator. He told me that the
same favors which he had seen himself granted
in England to British subjects, which had been
granted in England to men not even British
subjects, were refused by his Government to
him, and that he had in his transactionsin arms
been impeded, questioned, baffled by his Gov-
ernment as no citizens of any Government he
had ever visited would be; that now when his
character was questioned abroad he had ap-
plied in vain to officials of the United States
to make statements of facts which their records
showed, and had been refused upon the ground
tbat they abstained from all interference in
such cases, and did not feel at liberty to cer-
tify, even when they believed it, the good char-
acter of our citizens.
I think he told me—and having said this I
shall relieve the Senator—that all he had been
able to procure from any Department of the
Government of the United States (very likely
he had reference to the communication to
which the Senator has referred coming from
the Secretary of War) was some certified tran-
script of the records of Department or bu-
reau with a statement (I think he told me,
rather meager) that he had furnished large
quantities of arms to our Government duiing
its own struggle, and that in his transactions
he had been found upright. I think he told
me that from some Departments he received
such a statement, and doubtless that is the
statement to which the honorable Senator
refers.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, it will be admitted
tbat the statement of the Senator from New
York virtually confirms everything I have
stated. But I desire to observe that when a
citizen of the United States goes abroad and
wants to introduce himself there in society,
by producing a certificate as to his character,
so as to be received with confidence and cor-
diality, it would be considered somewhat sin-
gular for him to go to the chief of ordnance
for a letter of recommendation. I think he
would rather approach the Secretary of State,
those authorities who conduct the diplomatic
intercourse of Governments, and stand in
continual contact with official society abroad,
instead of the War Department and the chief
of ordnance.
Mr. CONKLING. Did the honorable Sen-
ator understand me to report Mr. Remington
as applying for letters of introduction to intro-
duce him to good society abroad?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir. I understood the
Senator from New York to say that Mr. Rem-
ington, having been maligned abroad, det-ired
to. have some certificate as to his character
and standing, and that he obtained that cer-
tificate as an act of friendship from the Sen-
ator from New York, not to speak of the
indorsement given him by tbe chief of ord-
nance and the Secretary of War. That is what
I understood him to say.
Mr. CONKLING. The object of my inquiry
was this: Mr. Remington being an arms-dealer,
and having been questioned as to his business
and character, and having obtained from the
military department of his Government a cer-
tificate that his dealings with it had been hon-
est, the Senator seemed to think that was
remarkable in view of his supposition that
Mr. Remington wished to introduce himself to
good or fashionable society abroad.
Mr. SCHDRZ. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. It would have been in
the worst of taste, I admit, for Mr. Reming-
ton, if that had been his object, to pass by my
honorable /riend, for example, and go to the
chief of ordnance for certificates to put him
in fashionable society abroad; but 1 beg to
assure him, knowing Mr. Remington, that that
was no part of his mission ; he went with no
aspiration like that.
Mr. SCHURZ. I thank the Senator from
New York for what he says. I am so far from
believing that Mr. Remington desired to in-
troduce himself into fashionable society that
I am_ almost sure he desired those letters to
aid him in the settlement of his own accounts
with the French Government; his integrity
having been questioned there, right there a
semi-official certificate coming from the chief
of ordnance of the United States, and from
the Secretary of War of the United States, was
exceedingly welcome and useful to him.
That is what I should have said, had not the
Senator from New York said it for me. But
it is very questionable whether it was proper
for the chief of ordnance and the Secretary
of War to give such a certificate to Mr. Rem-
ington so as to introduce him to the confidence
