150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
If any member of the Committee on Public |
Buildings and Grounds now desires to take j
charge of this bill, I will be liappy to surrender
it to him. As there seems to be 110 such wish
I will ask the House to act on it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendment of the Committee 011 Appropri-
ations, to strike out "$5,000,000" and insert
"34,000,000," as the cost of the site and
building.
Mr. RANDALL. Before that question is
taken, I desire to offer an amendment, as fol-
lows :
Amend by striking out in lines thirteen, fourteen,
and fifteen of the bill the words "not more than
two squares distant from the square on which said
building destroyed by fire was located."
I think those words should be stricken out
as a matter of safety against any combination
to increase the real value of the property. I
do not suppose that this amendment will be
objected to.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to explain, in con-
nection with the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi-. Randall,]
that by the bill the parties who have charge of
the matter will have the discretion of selecting
from twenty-four squares, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania may ascertain by making
a calculation. It was thought that this was a,
liberal margin, sufficiently so io prevent any
combination by which the Government would
be forced to pay an extravagant sum for ;i
site. The matter was sufficiently considered
in the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and by the Committee on Appropri-
ations in conjunction with that committee, and
it was deemed by both of those committees
that the interests of the Government were suf-
ficiently guarded by the limitations as they
now stand in the bill. J hope, therefore, the
amendment will not prevail.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken upon the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, to strike out
"$5,000,000" and insert "$4,000,000."
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out "$4,000,000" and
inserting "$2,000,000" in lieu thereof; and I
desire to say a word in favor of that amend-
ment. The bill as originally introduced pro-
posed an appropriation of " $5,000,000." The
Committee on Appropriations propose to re-
duce that sum to "$4,000,000." They impose
no limitation upon the cost of the land which
is to be bought in addition to the land now
owned by the Government, and which is to
constitute the site of this building. I insist
that an appropriation of an additional sum of
$200,000 to purchase land to enlarge the pres-
ent site, if that be thought desirable, or to
purchase the site in some other part of the
city of Chicago, would be ample for that pur-
pose. That would leave $2,000,000 for the
construction of this building; and I submit
that in the present condition of the affairs of
this country and the taxed condition of its
labor, and with its past experience in refer-
ence to the public buildings, a larger appropri-
ation than $2,000,000 is not required for this
purpose. I believe that, with perhaps two
exceptions, the construction of no building of
this kind has been authorized where thy appro-
priation in the first instance has amounted
to over $2,000,000, and there the magnitude
of the appropriations only excited the most
revolting frauds and profligacy.
I trust this amendment will be adopted, if
only to prevent a dangerous precedent for ex-
travagance ; for this appropriation in no wise
benefits the sufferers by this fearful calamity
•which has so excited the sympathies of the
civilized world. It is simply an appropriation
of public money to build a building for the use
of the United States. I propose $2,000,000. It
is certainly a very large appropriation for such a
purpose, and is ample if honestly applied. If
the country was in the most prosperous condi-
tion, and its finances were in the most satis-
factory state, an appropriation of more than
was necessary would not be justifiable, for it
would be used only for corruption and fraud
and not for the benefit of the impoverished
people of that city. To this appropriation add
the value of the property already owned by
the Government in the site of this building, and
it would certainly be ample.
Mr. PLATT. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. The appropriation made
by this bill, as reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, is only §2,000,000. This
building is intended to accommodate all the
Government business in Chicago. It will con-
tain the post office, the custom-house, accom-
modations for the internal revenue officers,
the pension office, the United States courts,
and every other office for which the Govern-
ment of the United States requires accommo-
dation. Now, the bills for Ike post office in
the city of New York and the post office in
the city of Boston provided that the cost of
those buildings should not exceed $3,000,000
each, and they are simply for the accommoda-
tion of one department of the Government.
The Government owns in those cities, besides
the post office buildings, for which ati appro-
priation of $3,000,000 was made in each city,
custom-houses and other buildings for the
accommodation of other departments of Gov-
ernment business. I submit that the sum of
$4,000,000, to which the entire cost of the
building is limited by this bill as amended by
the Committee on Appropriations, is a small
sum for such a building as is required in
Chicago, including the cost of the land.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to my friend that
$200,000 will be an ample sum for the purchase
of a site in addition to what the Government
now owns there.
Mr. PLATT. In order that the House may
understand this subject, I send to the Clerk's
desk, for examination by any member who
chooses to examine it, a plan showing the
proposed site of this building and the properly
which it is desired by the Secretary of the
Treasury and the supervising architect of the
Treasury to purchase for the purpose of erect -
ing the building. It is situated in the very
heart of the business portion of the city. If is
bounded by Madison street, Dearborn street,
Monroe street, and Clsrk street. The Gov-
ernment owns already in that square nineteen
thousand nine hundred feet of land, and it is
proposed to purchase one hundred and seven
thousand one hundred feet more. The Gov-
ernment is carefully guarded against any loss
by speculators or combinations on the part of
property-holders by the provisions of this bill,
and it is said by parties well acquainted witli
the price of real estate in Chicago that the sum
of $1,000,000 is a very small price for the
amount of land the Government has to pur-
chase in this locality, and is not a speculative
price. I hope the House will pass the bill as
reported by the two committees who have had
it under consideration, and who have given to
all its provisions a careful scrutiny.
Mr. RANDALL. It may seem to some an
ungracious task to attempt to reduce an appro-
priation to a city so recently destroyed, and I
can well understand the sympathy which would
operate in inducing gentlemen here lo vote
money in behalf of Chicago. But we must
recollect that we have s higher duty to per-
form. In making this appropriation we have
a duty to perform to the entire tax-payers of
the country. And that duty, for one, i do not
shrink from, even though I may be charged
here with doing an ungracious act. Accord-
ing to ray judgment $1,000 000 for the land
and $1,000,000 for the building, as suggested
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man',] is quite far enough for us to go. They
could not, if they wanted, expend §2,000,000
between now and the time of the next meeting
of Congress. Why tie down this Government
to such an enormous appropriation as is here
recommended, to wit. $4.000.00<>?
Mr. PLATT. Let me correct the gentle-
man in one statement. The appropriation
recommended by this committee is only
$2,000,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I know that,; but if the
gentleman will listen to me he will hear me
say that I think $1,000,000 is enough to ap-
propriate at this time. As to the land, I am
credibly informed that with the present site and
the additional land which it is proposed to pur-
chase there will be purchased an area of nearly
five acres.
Mr. PLATT. I gave the gentleman the
exact number of feet.
Mr. RANDALL. We ought to be justbefore
we are generous, and to recollect that we are
not voting our own money away, but other
people's money. And I venture the opinion
that if every man here who votes for such an
enormous appropriation as this was giving
away his own money, he would give a very dif-
ferent vote from that which he is about to cast
iu giving away the people's money, the people
he is here to represent.
I do not want a niggardly economy in the
construction of this or any other building for
the use of the Government; but I do not
mean to sit silent here and see debt after
debt heaped upon the people, when I am ready
to show that the most outrageous corruption
lias been perpetrated in connection with public
buildings throughout thisentire country. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt] has al-
luded to New Ytirk and to Boston. That is an
unfortunate allusion. The experience of the
two Government buildings in those cities should
make us quite careful of the manner in which
we make further appropriations for public
buildings. In reference to the New York post
office we were told that it was to cost $3,000,000.
By corruption, by a profligate expenditure of
the pubiic money in the construction of that
building, and by an enlargement of the original
plan, that building is likely to cost the Gov-
ernment §10.000,000. I tell you that these
architects, and those who execute their plans
iu building these structures, as experience has
shown, will not be bound by the restrictions
of any law of Congress in reference to the
expenditure of public money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I dissent entirely fr,om the
views just presented by my colleague [Mr.
Kaxdall] as to the amount of this appro-
priation. [ believe that the entire population
of his district and mine, and of the city which
we in part represent, will dissent from them.
If there is among our constituents one, or a
few, whoso necessities have prevented them
from making a contribution to the suffering
men and women of Chicago, they will rejoice
that the cation has stepped forward to make a
slight contribution in their behalf by the prompt
and liberal performance of a duty. They will
rejoice in a liberal appropriation for this pur-
pose, and that the Government, in the charac-
ter of the buildings it shall erect for its pur-
poses in that desolated city, provide a monu-
ment to endure through all time, expressive
of the desire of the Government and people
to aid in rebuilding Chicago. To thus express
our sympathy with that city as this time, to
give employment to its people and to furnish
ready money to be disbursed among the
ruined people of that city, will be a work of
practical beneficence.
1 hope the appropriation will be for the fall
$4,000,000 recommended by the Committee
on Appropriations. We can guard against
fraud there as we can almost everywhere else.
I say "almost evervwheie else," for I do not
believe it can be done in the city which my
colleague holds up as an example, the city of
New Yoik, t>\en by Government officials, be-
cause the Tammany leaders had so corrupted
the whole atmosphere of the place that hon-
esty was impossible io any department of public
affairs. I cheerfully support this appropriation
of $4,000.000; and I take occasion to express
