1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
my regret that the afnount originally proposed—
$5,000,000—has been reduced. 1 hope that
my friend and colleague will review his opin-
ions, and vote for the hill as reported by the
committee.
Mr. RANDALL. This ia not a question of
charity at all. If my colleague or I want to
be charitable, we have a private mode of
extending charity.
Mr. KELLEY. I am not asking charity; I
am only asking the Government to deal with
generous justice toward a stricken people.
There is no charity in this proposition to per-
form a duty promptly and with a generous
hand.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the line of the
gentleman's argument.
Mr. KELLEjY. The block of ground in
question contains about three acres in the
heart of the business portion of the most enter-
prising city in the world.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. About two acres and
a half.
Mr. KELLEY. The Legislature of Illi-
nois has provided means by which it can be
condemned; so that the Government is not
liable to be swindled in the purchase. I hope,
as I have said, that this ground will be taken
by the Government, and that it will not be
taken at a niggardly price, but that the Gov-
ernment will pay in bulk for it what Chicago
merchants would have given in the hour of
the city's greatest prosperity.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania 
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] proceeds,
the Chair will remind the House that this
debate is proceeding irregularly. Debate is
exhausted upon the amendment. The Chair
will indulge the discussion, however, so long as
there is no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I merely wish to correct 
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to make
an inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. If gentlemen desire to con-
tinue the debate I will withdraw my amend-
ment, with the understanding that it shall be
renewed.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, and also a Rep-
resentative from the State of Illinois; and I
would like to know by what rule the floor is
constantly assigned to other gentlemen, while
I have been endeavoring all the while to obtain
a hearing.
The SPEAKER. Two gentlemen on the
same side of the House as the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] and in his imme-
diate vicinity, have just spoken. Does the
gentleman object to the assignment of the
floor as made by the Chair?
Mr. MARSHALL, if I am not mistaken, by
the rules, or at least the usage of the House,
in assigning the floor preference should always
be given to gentlemen representing the com-
mittee reporting the bill under consideration,
where they claim the privilege of addressing
the House. It is my misfortune to have great
difficulty in catching the eye or ear of the
Speaker; but as there is a peculiar propriety
in my being heard in reply to my friends on
this side, 1 am disposed to insist upon my
rights, if I have any.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman from Illinois as seeking
the floor. Two getitleme'i on that side of the
House have just occupied it; and the Chair
sought to equalize the matter by assigning it
to a second gentleman on the other side, only
one on that side having spoken. But the Chair
is very glad to m.ike the number three on one
side to one on the other. The gentleman
from Illinois will proceed.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not in partnership
with my friends on this side of the House who
spoke on this measure, and it is because they
have spoken that I wish to be heard in reply
to them. I desire to say a few words in advo-
cacy of this measure. Asa member of the
Committee on Appropriations, and as a Rep-
resentative from Illinois, I think I have a right
to be heard, and I have attempted two or three
times to get the ear of the Speaker for this
purpose. It is to call the attention of the
Speaker to this fact that I have interposed at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman as seeking the floor. The
right of the gentleman to the floor is equal to
that of every other member, not a particle
greater.
Mr. MARSHALL. I certainly have never
asked for greater privileges than those accorded
to my brother members, and have been very
reluctant even to insist upon these. The
Speaker and the House will bear me witness
that I have never taken up the time of the
House with useless disputation. As a member
of the Committee on Appropriations I gave
my assent to this bill. I think the measure is
misapprehended by gentlemen on this side of
the House as well as by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] on the other side.
Neither Chicago nor the State of Illinois, as!
understand it, asked any appropriation on the
ground of charity. 'We ask this appropriation
because it is proper and right, and necessary
for the purposes of the Federal Government.
A great city, one of the first on this continent,
the most rapidly-growing city on the face of
the earth—one of whiehlllinois and the whole
country are and ought to be proud—has been
desolated and laid in ashes. The Government
has important interests there. It has no cus-
tom-house, no court-house, no post office, no
building for any public purpose in that city.
The officers of the Government are almost lit-
erally turned out of doors. The interests of
the Government require the erection of a suit-
able building at this time in that city promptly,
without delay.
The inquiry is made, why is so much land
asked for ? I answer, because no public build-
ing will be safe unless it is protected by the
interposition of surrounding streets from adja-
cent and combustible buildings. In each of
our great cities the buildings of the Govern-
ment ought to occupy a square. Buildings
thus protected by a street on each side are not
so liable to such desolation and ruin as has
recently fallen upon the public and other
buildings in the city of Chicago.
Then, what will be thecost ? My friend from
Pennsylvania says $200,000. I imagine prob-
ably somewhere within the range of Chicago
property for this purpose may be acquired for
$200,000, but not where the Government wishes
to put up these buildings, not where they are
needed for the purpose of the people and of
the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is for the additional
land.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 know it is for addi-
tional land, but there is no danger of the Gov-
ernment being imposed on by combinations,
for the Legislature of Illinois has already
passed a bill authorizing the condemnation of
this property if those who own it refuse to sell
at a fair price, the price to be assessed by a
jury selected by the agents of the Govern-
ment as well as the owners of the land.
What class of buildings should be erected ?
Here is a rapidly growing city, which in a
short time will reach half a million inhab-
itants, and at no distant day will contain a
million, where the Government at this time
is deprived of buildings of any character for
the transaction of its business. The buildings
which we erect should, of course, be com-
mensurate, not only with the present, but the
future wants of the Government. In this
building it is proposed to accommodate the
post office, the custom-house, and Federal
courts, and various internal revenue offices,
and all that is asked for this building, as I
understand it, does not equal what has been
appropriated for the erection of a single post
office building in some other cities of the coun-
try. It is said this money has been wantonly
squandered in many instances ; but when we
appropriate money for these purposes we must
leave its expenditure to the discretion of some-
body. The Government desires to erect there
a permanent, fire-proof building, a building
equal to the present and future wants of the
people and the Government.
It is estimated that about two acres of laud
will be necessary for the erection of all the
buildings required by the Government in that
city. The land now owned by the Govern-
ment is inadequate for the purpose. Hereto-
fore, indeed, the Government was compelled
to rent buildings. A small portion of this
desired square the Government owns. But
the public buildings in Chicago before the fire,
not being adequate to the then purposes of the
Government, we were compelled to rent at a
heavy expense other buildings on some of the
adjacent lots.
Now, it is the desire, and it is the interest
of the Government, to erect a permanent, fire-
proof building, and on a piece of ground not
connected with private buildings. To do this
they must purchase or acquire in some way a
square or block of land in that portion of the
city where it will best accommodate the peo-
ple, the purposes of the post office, the custom-
house, the Federal courts, and other public
purposes.
What is the limit of the appropriation for
these purposes in this bill? It is proposed to
appropriate $3,000,000 lor the erection of all
these buildings, after pa>iug out §1,000,000
to acquire the land. I insist the limit fixed
in the bill is not, under all the ciicumotanees.
an extravagant one. Undoubtedly we are all
here, or ought to be, in favor of economy.
We oughtin all cases to oppose the erection of
new buildings where they are not needed, but
where they are, as in this case, absolutely
necessary for the purposes of the Govern-
ment, to be built as rapidly as possible, and
on a scale adequate to the present and future
wants of the Government.
It is said by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that this money cannot be expended
during the present year. If it costs $1,000,000
to acquire the property to erect these build-
ings on, certainly there can be no impropri-
ety in permitting $1,000,000 more to go into
the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury for
the purpose of commencing the erection of
the buildings provided for in this bill. As a
matter of course it will be the object of the
officers of the Government to put up one of
the wings as rapidly as possible. The wants
of the Government demand this. The Gov-
ernment has no building to accommodate its
officers or its business. By reason of the great
fire it is virtually turned out of doors, and it
is necessary to push forwaid the erection of
these buildings more vapidly than in any other
place for which an appropiiation has ever been
made by us. The urgency is be\ond compari-
son greater.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported a bill fixing the limit at
$5,000,000. After careful inquiry and discus-
sion, the Committee on Appropriations, anx-
ious to protect the Treasury as -.veil as to do
justice to the wants of the Government and the
people of a sorely stricken city, reduced it to
$4,000,000. I sincerely hope my friends will
see that their action has been eminently just
and proper, and will withdraw their opposi-
tion.
Mr, HOLMAN. 1 desire to modify my
amendment. As it was thought §3,000.000
was sufficient for the public buildings m New
York, I move to limit the expenditure, includ-
ing the purchase of this additional land, and
the erection of these public buildings, to
$3,000,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
