'-rfS-;
1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2889:
indemnify disloyal persons for cotton that we
: seized, we logically should not stop short of
indemnifying them for all the seizures of and
damage that was done to their property.
As lo the pretense that we have not the con-
• gtitutioual right to limit the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims on this subject, because of
the decision of the Supreme Court, itisasheer
pretense. The Supreme Court, as well as
Congress, must bow to the Constitution of the
nation, and that declares that Congress shall
have power " to declare war, grant leiters of
marque and reprisal, and make rules concern-
ing captures on land and water." And by
this authority we did make rules in reference
to the "captures on land"—to the capture of
cotton—and neither the Supreme Court nor
other power has the right to question those
regulations, and as I observed the other day
I do not understand the Supreme Court as
proposing to do so. They do not understand
our intentions as we do. They and we must
bow to the fundamental law of the land which
reposes that trust in us.
It is equally clear that in the enemy's coun-
try neither the loyal nor the disloyal had
any right to indemnity or compensation for
private property of this character token by our
Army. I will read from the decision of the
Supreme Court showing that loyal as well as
disloyal persons stood ou the same platform ;
that in law and as to loyal rights they were to
be treated as inhabitants of an enemy's coun-
try. In Mrs. Alexander's cotton case thatcourt
say:
" It is said that though remaining in rebel terri-
tory, Mrs. Alexander has no personal sympathy with
the rebel cause, and that her property therefore
cannot be regarded as enemy property; but this
court cannot inquire into the personal character
and dispositions of individual inhabitants of enemy
territory. We must be governed by the principle
ot public law, so often announced from this bench
as applicable alike to civil and international wars,
that all the people of each State or district in insur-
rection against the United States must be. regarded
as enemies, until by the action of the Legislature
and the Executive, or otherwise, that relation is
thoroughly and permanently changed."
The relations of the inhabitants of the enemy
country have been changed by legislation so
far as the property of loyal persons is con-
cerned. We have said that if the owner shall
show that he did not give aid or comfort to
the. rebellion he shall receive his proportion
of the net proceeds of the cotton captured;
but neither Congress nor the Executive have
in any way changed the relations of the dis-
loyal to the proceeds of this cotton. The sub-
ject is not affected by the interposition of the
Executive. The pardoning power only reaches
lo and relieves the punishment of crime ; it
has no effect to repeal express legislation.
For instance, if a statute provides that the
penalty for perjury shall be a fine of $1,000
aud imprisonment for five years, and that the
person convicted shall forever, or until the
judgment is reversed, be disqualified from
testifying as a witness, the effect of the pardon
is t,o relieve the convict from the penalty
and the imprisonment, but in no manner to
change the rule which the Legislature has
■ passed in reference to the qualifications of a
witness.
There are abundant authorities to maintain
this position. The pardoning power relieves
from the punishment, but so far as the legis-
lation refers to keeping pure the fountains or
the halls of justice the pardon is inoperative.
Therefore the exercise of the pardoning power
by the Executive relieves from the penalties
of treason or rebellion, but does not, cannot,
change the rule Congress has adopted as to
captures on land, to wit, that one who has
given aid or comfort to the rebellion shall not
receive any part of the proceeds of the cotton
captured.
I said the other day that it was lawful to
seizo this cotton, and I referred to Grotius
and Justinian,, and I think some of my friends
rather smiled at the idea of referring to
those antiquated authorities, when they ought
to have known that those were " names
that were not born to die," and are belter
authority to day than the day they promul-
gated their doctrines But if any one does
not like such authority, I will give him the
authority of the Supreme Court of the United
States on this very question to show that cotton
was contraband, and that we were discharging
a solemn duty to the nation in seizing it In
this same Alexander cotton case the Supreme
Court say:
" In the case before us, the capture seems to have
been justified by the peculiar character of the prop-
erty and by legislation. It is well known that cot-
ton has constituted the chief reliance of the rebels
for means to purchase the munitions of war in
Europe. It is matter of history that, rather than
permit it to come into the possession of the national
troops the rebel government has everywhere de-
voted it, however owned, to destruction. The value
of that destroyed at New Orlea.ns. just before its cap-
ture, has been estimated at $80,000,000. It is in the
lecord before us that ou this very plantation of Mrs.
Alexander one year's crop was destroyed in appre-
hension of an advance of the Union forces. The
rebels regard it as one of their main sinews of war;
and no principle of equity or just policy required,
when the national occupation was itself precarious,
that it should be spared from capture and allowed
to remain, in case of the withdrawal of the Union
troops, an element of strength to the rebellion."
The Supreme Court now do not deny that
this cotton was contraband; there could have
been no recovery but for the statute. The
trouble is that, the court do not understand
what we intended by the statute, and make the
relieving statute apply to the disloyal as well
as to the loyal. Now, I think whatever Grotius
or Justinian may say on the subject, after the
Supreme Court have put cotton in the same
category with arms and ammunition, declaring
it to be the very sinews of war, no one should
dispute our right to seize that cotton. And so
I properly remarked that if we are bound to
pay disloyal men for the cotton, then we are
under stronger obligations to pay for all the
corn and cattle and horses that our Army
captured in the then enemy's country, for
these articles were not so essentially the sinews
of war as cotton, and we had less right, or
rather there was less necessity, to seize them.
Those who advocate this claim are brought
to this position, that this Government would
have been derelict in duty to have omitted to
do what they did, that it was under an imper-
ative necessity of seizing that cotton, and yet
disloyal men have the right to sue the Gov-
ernment for their loss ; and further, that
the Government shall indemnify the disloyal
owner for the value of the cotton in market
at that time to the amount of its net proceeds,
where it was not worth to the owner when
seized a single farthing. It is a fact, as stated
by the Supreme Court, that it was the estab-
lished custom of the then enemy to devote all
their cotton which was exposed to destruction
as our Army advanced. Here our Army did
advance upon the cotton in our reach. Our
Army took it in possession. It was worth
nothing to the disloyal owners, and yet we
are told that we must pay them.
Mr. President, the people of the States which
have always been loyal are patriotic. They
cheerfully submit to taxation. With the sweat-
drops of labor on their brows, they call upon
the Government to maintain the faith, the
credit, and integrity of the country to meet all
our national obligations; but when they are
told that it is held they sent their sons to the
war, made sacrifices and incurred debts that
the property of the disloyal, then valueless,
might be rescued, sent to market, and the
proceeds now be paid to those who were con-
tending with them, to be paid the advanced
price their courage and labor put to it, they
will feel outraged, and will, I trust, in every
lawful way resist so unjust and ungenerous a
doctrine.
If we are thus to pay disloyal men for cot-
ton, the sinews of war which w.e were obliged
to seize in order to save the nation, who is to
pay the widows and orphans of the North'for
the pecuniary value which the lives of their
husbands and fathers were to them as affording
them support? Who is to pay the North'for the
untold millions we have expended in clothing,,
rations, and ammunilion for longyears? No,-
Mr. President, the consequences of war shoafd-
rest where the God of battles directs the bolt
to fall. This measure is but opening the flood-
gates for a taxation most unjust and oppress-
ive. After we have indemnified disloyal men
for the loss of cotton, there is no point at
which we can take our stand.
I hope, sir, that this motion to reconsider
will be agreed to and the amendment adopted.
Mr. CARPENTER. I entirely concur with
my honorable friend from New Jersey in his
wish to have this amendment or some similar
provision ingrafted upon this bill.
Mr. President, there is nothing quite so re-
markable in the debates of Congress as tfie
manner in which the Supreme Court of the
United States is treated. Whenever we find a
decision of that court in favor of our particular
views, we make the most of it, and always
introduce it with honeyed phrase of commen-
dation; but when that decision militates
against our opinion we condemn it and attack
it without any stint or measure. Judging from
the debate here it would almost be supposed
that the Supreme Court had decided that Con-
gress could not determine what jurisdiction
the Court of Claims should have. So far
from that they have decided exactly the re-
verse, and even in these opinions that have
been criticised so severely in the debates of
the Senate for the last two or three days, the
court affirm the power of Congress to say
what shall and what shall not be the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims. There never
was any question about it anywhere.
The only question involved in those decis-
ions was whether Congress had or had not
conferred the jurisdiction in a particular case,
and when you come down to that, although I
am free to say I should have delivered a dif-
ferent opinion on that question if I had been
called upon to deliver one before the decision
of the court was made, yet candor compels
me to say there is great force in the reasoning
of the Chief Justice. He had been a member
of the Senate. He had come to have what
we should all have, a very great contempt for
general legislation upon appropriation bills.
He knew how such bills are passed. He
knew how they are smuggled through be-
tween the two Houses by the instrumentality
of committees of conference, and how im-
portant provisions find their way upon such
bills and perhaps not five members of either
House are cognizant of their existence, and in
that opinion he alludes to the fact that this
amendment on the appropriation bill in his
judgment must have been inadvertently passed.
iNow let us seethe ground upon which he
placed it. In the first place, it seems to be
conceded all around that the Court of Claims
had jurisdiction in that case to proceed for a
jace, to go on for a while. As the Chief
Justice said, there isnosuch thing as conferring
jurisdiction upon a court to decide a question
one way and not the other. If you give a
court jurisdiction to hear and determine a
cause, you must give it the power to decide
it wrong as well as right. In other words,
you commit the cause to the discretion and
judgment of the court, and you cannot coerce
that court to decide in a particular way, nor
can you dictate a rule of decision to them.
The Supreme Court put the case upon that
theory, that the act did confer jurisdiction
upon the Court of Claims to proceed with
the cause until they encountered a certain
fact, and then if they found that fact in the
case, they should stop and decide the ease
against the complainant.
I am free to say that with that statute before
me, without this decision, I should have come
to a different conclusion. One provision
there provides that the party shall not go into
court except upon the traversable allegation
