3736
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
May 21,
part; but. is it not in order to move to strike
out and insert?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand the Senator to move to
strike out and insert.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes he moved to strike
out "five" and insert "one."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
adding to the substitute as concurred in. If
the Senator moves to strike out and add to
the language of the substitute, it would be in
order.
Mr. BAYARD. I expressly stated that I
proposed to insert " one " instead of " five,"
and the word " hundred " instead of the word
"thousand," in the twelfth line.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPENCER. As this is only a partial
civil rights bill, I cannot vote for it, and I hope
all the real genuine friends of civil rights will
do the same thing.
Mr. OSBORN. I desire to say in this con-
nection that my colleague [Mr. Gilbert] is
absent on account of illness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler. Clayton, Colo, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Eobert.son, Sawyer,
Scott, Si>rague, Wilson, and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bay aid, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, llansom, Saulsbury.
Stevenson, Thurman, and Vickors—14.
ABSJSNX—Messrs. Alcorn, iioremnn, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Davis of Kentucky, Kdmunds, den-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Harlan, ll'll, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pomeroy, i'niH, Ram-
sey, Kiee, Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer. Stewart, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and Win-
dom—32.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
title by substituting the title prefixed to the
amendment which I send to the Chair, so as
to read, "A bill to declare and enforce the
civil rights of citizens of the United States."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON, 'l move to reconsider
the vote by which this bill was passed, and I
move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WILSON. We never do that here.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to recon-
sider-^- [" No 1" "No!"]
Mr. TflURMAN. The Senator from South
Carolina is right. He would be wrong if he
were to lay the motion on the table, because
that would pass the bill; but he can make a
motion to reconsider, and then if the amnesty
bill does not pass, if there is not good faith
about that 
Mr. POMEROY. He can move it within
two days. He need not hurrv now.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope "the bill will be
reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMERON. I, for one, will vote
against the amnesty bill if this is to be recon-
sidered.
Mr. POMEROY. So will I, too.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMERON. _ I will not allow myself
to be put in that position.
Mr. ROBERTSON. My object in making
the motion was to have the motion to recon-
■ sider voted down, not agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. The motion can be
made at any time within two days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider is withdrawn.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to take up the
House bill No. 2761, to remove political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina to give me one
moment.
Mr. BOBERTSON. I decline to yield
until the motion is agreed to. The agreement
was to take up this bill immediately after the
passage of the other bill, and I call oil Sen-
ators to stand up to their agreement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
South Carolina.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. li. No. 27U1) to remove
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. Believing that the result
of the vote just had on the civil rights bill will
not be the same as if a full Senate were here,
I enter a motion to reconsider that vote.
Mr. POMEROY. That is right. Let the
motion be entered.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill and insert
tbe following 
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that tbe House
bill be first reported. I have never heard it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
[In it enacted by tilt Senate anfl Ilnute of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Coagreis as-
sembled, (two thirds of each House _concurring
therein.) That alt political disabilities imposed by
the third section ot the fourteenth article of amend-
ments of the Constitution of the United States are
hereby removed from all persons whomsoever, ex-
cept Senators and Representatives of the Thirty-
Sixth and Thirty-Seventh Congresses, officers in the
judicial, military, and naval service of the United
States, heads of Departments, and foreign ministers
of the United States.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Alabama is to strike
out all after the enacting clause aud insert a
substitute.
Mr. SPENCER. It is Senate bill No. 5,
with the exceptions contained in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope it will not be
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY, The substitute, I
understand, is the Senate bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the
Chair understands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 32 ; as follews:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Frelingliuysen, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Spencer, Wilson,
and Wright—It.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly. Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurinan, Tip-
ton, and Vickers—>>L
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds. Pen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morton. Pratt. Ramsey. Bice, Schurz, Sher-
man, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, West,
and Windom—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. AMES. Would an amendment to this
bill be in oider at the present time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order.
Mr. AMES. I move as au amendment the
following, which is the civil rights bill which
passed a few moments since.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
as additional sections the following:
Whoever, being a corporation or natural person,
and owner, or in charge of any public inn; or of
any place of public amusement or entertainment
for which a license from any legal authority is re-
quired; or of any line of stage-coaches, railroad, or
other means of public carriage of passengers^ or
freight, shall make any distinction as to admission
or accommodation therein of any citizen of the
United States, because of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, shall, on conviction thereof,
be fined not less than $500 nor more than £5.000 for
each offense; and the person or corporation so
offending shall be liable to the citizens thereby
injured,in damages to be recovered in an action of
debt. , , . ,
Sec. —. That the offenses under this act, and
actions to recover damages, may be prosccuted be-
fore any territorial, district, or circuit court of the
United States having jurisdiction of crimes attho
place where the offense was charged to have been
committed.
Mr. AMES. I offer this as an amendment
simply because I believe that the bill as it
passed a short time since as a separate bill,
called the civil rights bill, will be defeated in
the House, and it is my desire that it should
become the law ; and while I may have my
doubts as to its being appended to this bill, I
think it my duty to offer it as an amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I appeal to the Senator
from Mississippi; it is not in good faith ; the
understanding we had 
Several Senators. Vote it down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The under-
standing was that amendments should be
offered. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. AMES. I wish to say that those per-
sons who made this understanding stated ex-
pressly that they only spoke for themselves,
that they did not attempt to bind any one else;
and it was agreed that amendments should be
offered. I submitted myself to no under-
standing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 31 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Clayton, Flana-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Spen-
cer, Wilson, and Wright—il.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard,Blair, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter. Casseily, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Gold-
thwaite. Hamiltonof Maryland, Hamlin, Johnston,
Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Ma.ine, Norwood, Pool,
Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Scott,
Sprogue, Stevenson, Thurman, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow. Buckingham, Conkhng, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrili of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey. Rice, Sehurz,
Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull,
West, and Windom—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer as an
amendment what I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerkread theamendment, which
was to add as an additional section the fol-
lowing:
Sec. —. That before any person shall be entitled
to tbe benefit of the preceding section of this act he
shall, within the district where he resides, before a
clerk of some court of the United States, or a United
States commissionor, take and suhsenbe an oath or
affirmation to supportthe Constitution of the United
States, and to bear true faith and allegiance to the
same; which oath or affirmation shall be forwarded
by said officer to the Secretary of State of the United
States, who shall cause a list of all persons comply-
ing with the provisions of this act to be laid before
Congress at the opening of each session thereof;
and the officer before whom such oath or affirmation
is made shall give to the person taking it a certifi-
cate of the fact, under such forms andregulations as
the Secretary of State shall prescribe.
Mr. THURMAN. I really hope that will
not be adopted. I think it never ought to have
been in any of these bills. It has no other
effect in the world than to make fees, and to
make conspicuous the names of men on record
as having been disloyal to the Government, to
