100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
William and Mary College—Mr. Goodrich.
Ho. OF PiEPS.
Mr. STORM. The gentleman will find that
neither in the report of the committee nor in
the memorial, upon which it is founded, is
this application put on the ground of any legal
claim.
Mr. GOODRICH. It is upon this precise
point to which my attention is now called that
my strongest objections to the measure rests.
The reimbursement certainly cannot be claimed
on any legal ground.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment for a remark in the nature
of an inquiry ?
Mr. GOODRICH. Certainly.
Mr. CONGER. I understand, Mr. Speaker,
that on the day- in question the rebel cavalry
drove out the Union troops from the occupa-
tion of these college buildings and of the town
of Williamsburg. I understand that the Union
troops, beingreenforeed, rallied, returned, and
drove the rebels out of the town. While this
conflict was in progress the rebel cavalry,
then occupying those buildings as a fort, fired
upon the returning Union soldiers from the
windows and behind the corners of this"build-
ing, killing several of our troops. The build-
ing served as an effective rampart for the rebel
troops in their efforts to resist the Union sol-
diers.
Now, I understand, and my recollection is,
that several Union soldiers were killed in the
return charge on that town from this very
building. If my memory serves me right, sir,
I assisted in helping to carry to their last
homes some of my own townsmen who re-
ceived their death wounds from this rebel
building, and assisted in burying them from
the eyes of their fellow-men. My recollection
of those days is not very distinct, but it is suf-
ficiently clear to make me believe unless con-
tradicted, that those occurrences connected
with the recapture of this institution took
place, that my townsmen and yours were mur-
dered by remaining confederate soldiers in
this building, and then, in the heat and the
dust and the hurry of the moment, struggling
and working to regain possession of the town,
after suffering from the murderous shots of the
enemy remaining in this building, that then
our soldiers, not drunken, not disorderly, not
infuriated, but having no commander, or no
leader, but each working for himself and for
life and his country, in a spirit of patriotism,
as sometimes brave soldiers will, rushed on
without a leader, penetrated this building and
drove out these men, and when they took it,
uncertain of the result, they did set tire to the
hay and other combustible materials which were
stored there previously for our troops and de-
stroyed these ramparts. If that be the truth
in regard to this matter, the report of this com-
mittee is a scandal and a burning insult and
shame to any committee of any Congress or
to any people, in slandering the men who were
fighting our battles as drunken and disorderly,
when they were fighting for their lives and-for
your life and for mine. I ask the gentleman
to tell me whether the statements I make are
unauthorized or not?
Mr. McNEELY. I will answer for the gen-
tleman from New York; I say they are unau-
thorized.
Mr. CONGER. I did not ask the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. McNEELY. I will state to the gentle-
man that his recollection is not in accordance
with the facts.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman who
has the floorto satisfy the House on that point.
Mr. GOODRICH. [ will answer by sending
to the Speaker's desk to be read a statement
in the National Intelligencer.
Mr. McNEELY. I ask the gentleman from
New York to bear with me for a moment.
While I was a.member of the Committee on
Education and Labor during the last Congress
there were laid before us letters from General
Meade, General Grant, General McClellan, and
perhaps some others; and those letters make
statements contrary to what the gentleman
from Michigan has just stated.
Mr. GOODRICH. On looking into the
papers on file with the committee reporting
this bill, I find evidences of the proposed
application for aid to the Legislature of Vir-
ginia, and also of the contemplated appeal for
individual assistance which 1 have spoken of.
It was with reference to the latter, as I have
before said, that the letter of General Meade
referred to was written, as likewise were the
letters of the other generals mentioned.
Mr. McNEELY. That is true; but their
statement of the cause of the destruction and
the circumstances under which ihe.College of
William and Mary was destroyed are very
different from those stated by the gentleman
from Michigan.
Mr. GOODRICH. I must insist on pro-
ceeding with what more I have to say wituout
further interruption.
Mr. STORM. I am a member of the com-
mittee, and what the gentleman from Michi-
gan has stated has not one scintilla of evi-
dence in support of it. It is entirely gratui-
tous. There was not a particle of evidence
before the committee supporting the declara-
tion which he has made that this College of
William and Mary was used by the rebels as a
rampart.
Mr. GOODRICH. I will show it was so.
I now ask the Clerk to read what I proposed
to have read a few moments ago, from a state-
ment published in the National intelligencer
of this city, under date of September 13, 1862.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Fortress Monroe, September 11.
" A force of rebel cavalry, with three pieces of
artillery, under Colonel Shingles, made an attack
on Williamsburg on Tuesday morning about eight
o'clock. Having captured our pickets, they marched
into town, taking our troops by surprise. An en-
gagement ensued, which lasted about thirty minutes.
Our force consisted of the Pennsylvania fifth cav-
airy, Colonel Campbell, who was taken prisoner,
together with five captains, four lieutenants, and a
few privates. The rebel commander, Colonel Shin-
gles, with eight of his officers and men, was killed.
Their loss was more severe than ours, and wo re-
mained in possession of the place. We took a num-
ber of prisoners."
Mr. GOODRICH. And now, Mr. Speaker,
I have a few words to say as to the equity of
the reimbursement which this bill proposes.
The friends of the measure tell ua that though
the Government may not be under any strictly
legal obligation to make the reimbursement,
yet they insist it is, from the circumstances
under which the college property was de-
stroyed, under an equitable obligation to do so.
From all this I dissent; and briefly let me say
that its palpable inequity is'among the fore-
most of my reasons for opposing this reim-
bursement. For, assuming the property to
have been destroyed precisely as both the
memorialists and the committee claim it was,
what was it then but a destruction wholly invol-
untary as to the garrison or the Government it
represented, but happening solely through the
insubordinate and unauthorized conduct of its
soldiers—one of the common incidents" of war?
And as to the incidents of war, who should
be responsible for them, the party who labors
faithfully to avert it, or those whose folly and
madness bring it on ? I think the latter ; and
that being so, there can be little reason for
saying that, the Government of the United
States is under any equitable obligation to
repair the loss which William and Mary col-
lege sustained from a mere incident of the war
which was brought on by the rebellion. Why,-
sir, how can it possibly be equitable to allow
the authors of that war, after they have 11 sown
to the wind,'' to shun the consequence of
"reaping the whirlwind," by casting off the
bitter harvest from themselves upon the Gov-
ernment and people, who are in no manner
responsible for- the calamity, and who are,
moreover, already overwhelmed with its bur-
dens? Equity, ay, equity! Sir, it seems to
me that the friends of this measure have alto-
gether mistaken their allies ; or at least that
equity will be found flying from their call
and ranging herself rather with the opponents
than with the friends of a measure that will,
if adopted, compel the loyal people of this
nation to pay tribute to the disloyal.
And, sir, while this college has had through
its board of managers and its faculty its full
share of influence m bringing on the scourge
from which it has suffered the loss of its prop-
erty, there is in the same agencies less to
apologize for the mistake than there might be
could we thinkitwasblindly committed through
ignorance. But there can be no excuse of that
kind made. We are told and retold, also, of
the share the college took in the education of
Washington, Jefferson, and many others of
renown ; but that only renders the mistake so
much the more unnatural and inexcusable ;
since the rebellion was not only a contemptuous
disregard of all the instructions of these great
names, but was an attempt to bring to the du.st
the flag they had honored, and, in breaking up
the Union, to destroy the great work to whic'i
their lives had been devoted and on which
their fame now rests. It seems to me, there-
fore, that the managers and faculty of this
college can have as little right to appeal to
the memories of Washington, and Jefferson
as to equity in aid of their present application.
They would have had a better right to make
the appeal had they not all been, as they
were, so long as there was any gleam ot
hope, active sympathizers and workers for the
rebellion '
Mr. STORM. Will the gentleman state
where lie finds the evidence in support of that
statement.?
Mr. GOODRICH. As to President Ewell's
connection with the rebellion, it'is matter of
history that he was upon the staff of General
Joseph E. Johnston.
Mr. STORM. Where is the evidence in
regard to the board of managers?
Mr. GOODRICH. I will ask the gentle-
man if he denies that they were all active
sympathizers with the rebellion?
Mr. STORM. I do.
Mr. GOODRICH. Upon what evidence
does the gentleman base that deuial ?
Mr. STORM. The one who makes an alle-
gation is bound to furnish the proof, not the
one who denies it.
Mr. GOODRICH. There will be, I believe,
no dissent from the statement that the general
sentiment of Virginia in respect to the rebel-
lion prevailed in full force in the city of Wil-
liamsburg ; that in no part of the State more
than in the peninsula region was there more
devotion to its cause. This will, I believe,
not be disputed by any.
Mr. Speaker, pursuing still further the test
of the equity or inequity of the bill under con-
sideration, let me remind the House that there
was during the rebellion another armybesidts
that lor the defense of the Union that was
abroad committing its ravages on property in
all quarters. Do we not remember what havoc
it made in many of the districts and neighbor-
hoods of the West? In the Bast is Hampton or
Chambersburg forgotten? In the latter place
there was educational and church property de-
stroyed, with the two hundred and fifty houses
that were burned to the ground. Suppose
the inhabitants of Chambersburg should make
application to Congress for reimbursement to
replace their churches and educational prop-
erty, what would be our reply ? Would we not
