1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
estimating the cost of the public buildings
destroyed at Chicago and the cost of rebuild-
ing tliem, fixing the amount at $5,000,000. I
have not gone into the examination to learn
whether the aggregate cost of those buildings
would be four or five million dollars. But out
of abundant caution I adopt the estimate agreed
upon by the Committee on Appropriations,
abating $1,000,000 of the amount reported
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, who had previously considered this
subject.
My own judgment is that every dollar of this
$4,000,000 will- be consumed in reproducing
ihe buildings which are absolutely necessary
in Chicago for governmental purposes; I mean
such buildings as comport with the character
and the trade of that great city. I am not
here to advocate any limited and niggardly
policy in regard to Chicago or any other city
in this Union. I might justly complain of what
has been done in regard to my own city, where
not over three or four hundred thousand dol-
lars, as I believe, have been expended iu the
public buildings for the use of the Government
in that city. I hold that the Government is
bound to provide just such buildings for public
use as are necessary to transact the public
business conveniently and with proper dignity.
And I will venture to say that when you come
to examine into this subject, when you come
to examine the estimates of the architect, you
will find that every dollar of this §4,000,000,
out of which is to be deducted the cost of the
ground, will be consumed in giving such
accommodations as comport with the character
and importance of that great commercial
emporium.
I am therefore in favor of the bill which has
been reported from the Committee on Appro-
priations, because 1 believe it to be just, be-
cause I believe it to be economical. And if
my friend will permit me to go further, I will
sny that I do it because I believe that a liberal
policy displayed on the part of this House
toward that stricken community will have the
effect of emboldening them to go on in their
enterprises and to reconstruct their ruined city
so as to make it in the future what it was, and
even greater than it was, in the past. I ask
whether any gentleman in this House can
deprive himself of that natural sympathy which,
it seems to me, all must feel in looking at the
desolation which has been brought upon that
people (our brethren, our fellow-citizens) by
the calamity whichhas recently befallen them ?
I am, therefore, Mr. Speaker, in favor of
making this appropriation. I am for making
it to the full amount reported by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. I believe such an ap-
propriation to be economical; I believe it to
be wise and just ; I believe it to be due to the
great commercial emporium of the West. I
call upon my friends on this side of the House
to divest themselves of party feeling in deal-
ing with a great question of this sort. I trust
that they will unite in putting that community
upon its feet, and restoring it to its ancient
prosperity—a prosperity which not only affect-
ed its own immediate community and the peo-
ple by whom it was immediately surrounded,
but which affected measurably the whole
Union, as I know it did to a great extent the
community which I am here in part to repre-
sent.
Mr. Speaker, I hope that no niggardly policy
will be pursued on this subject. I can only
say for myself, that, even if I shall be disap-
pointed in my expectations of favorable action
on this proposition from my friends on this
side of the House, I consider that there is a
higher duty than party which should influence
my judgment upon a great question like this.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the gentleman
will not intimate that any party lines are to be
drawn on this question. It is impossible that
any party considerations should affect it. The
question is simply as to the amount which shall
be appropriated for the erection of these pub-
lie buildings. Every member on either side
of the House must favor a proper appropri-
ation ; the question is simply as to the suitable
amount. I believe it will be economy in the
end to vote what is asked in this bill.
Mr. SWANN. I did not make any charge
at all against this side of the House. I do
not believe that Democrats differ as to what
is proper to be done.
Mr. RANDALL Then against whom did
the gentleman make the charge ?
Mr. SWANN. I was simply justifying my-
self in the vote I propose to give; and I say
there is not a community throughout the
length and breadth of this extended country
that would not, in view of the great calamity
which has befallen the people of Chicago,
rejoice in such action on the part of Congress
as shall give them increased spirit, which shall
invigorate them, which shall nerve their arms
to go forward once more and put themselves
again upon that proud footing which they
have heretofore occupied as a commercial
community.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, an effort
has been made to put mo and those who act
with me in a false position before the House.
No issue has been made as to the propriety of
erecting public buildings in Chicago ; the only
issue is as to the amount necessary. I prefer, as
one, to be upon the side of economy, and upon
the side of safety in putting proper guards
upon this appropriation, whatever may be the
amount. 1 have said that our experience of
the corruptions which have attended the erec-
tion of buildings of this kind should teach us
that it is our duty to provide these safeguards
and to limit the aggregate of appropriations
for this purpose. 1 am surprised that the cor-
ruptions which have been shown by_the report
of the gentleman from Illinois [.Mr. Farxs-
wouth] as to the Boston post office, where the
contract (in violation of law, as I understand)
was not given to the lowest bidder, and the
other corruptions, manifest and known to us
all, in the construction of the New York post
office, should find an apologist on this floor.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] speaks of my "new-born zeal." I
ask him to name, if he can do so, asingle occa-
sion, during the time X have occupied a seat
here, when my vote was given tor an extrava-
gant appropriation, if it was iu my power to
secure its reduction to what I deemed a popcr,
perhaps a "niggardly1' amount. Sir, we have
recently seen in ihe doings of the Congress o!
the United State.s—we saw only yesterday in
the coordinate branch of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government—a disposition mani-
"fested not to ferret out these corruptions 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. RANDALL. I beg pardon if I have
transgressed the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for a
member to refer m debate to the proceedings
of the coordinate legislative bodj.
Mr. RANDALL Well, I will say that we
do not see in this House such a disposition to
ferret out the corruptions of your Administra-
tion as you proclaimed on the hustings would
be exhibited. Where can there be found among
you a man with the integrity and courage of
Charles O'Conoratid Samuel J. Tilden, who
routed out the wrong-doers in the city of New
York, even at the hazard of the defeat of their
own party? When you can present such a
man, you will find this side of the House will
join you, and give you the power, by its entire
vote, to expose entirely these frauds and cor-
ruptions to which I have alluded, and will turn
out of office the men who have perpetrated
them, which I am bound to say the present
Executive has not done. So much lor the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will yield to me for a moment.
Is not this a question of precedent rather than
anything else, so far as the erection of public
buildings is concerned in the great cities of
the country? It is a well-known fact that
every large city in the country is^ applying to
Congress for the erection of public buildings.
This will be a precedent which will be applied
to all other appropriations. I therefore sub-
mit that an appropriation of $3,000,000 for the
erection of these public buildings in Chicago,
on the ground of necessity, is not only ample,
but, in view of establishing a proper precedent
for future appropriations, is all that should be
voted by this House. 1 trust that no member
on either side of this House will consent that
this question shall be treated as one where our
feelings are alone to be considered. It is not
a question whether we shall be liberal or not,
and it is unjust to refer to the question in any
such aspect. It is a mailer of pubU-c import-
ance that in settling this precedent we should
settle it upon grounds of policy and necessity.
Mr. RANDALL. A word now in reply to
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swaxx.]
So far as I know, he is the only member who
has approached the subject in any political
way whatever.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman forgets his
colleague, [Mr. Keli.ey. ]
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, what he said wentin
one ear and out of the other. [Laughter.] I
did not pay much attention to it. This is a
question whether we will be economical in the
expenditure of the Government, or whether
we will not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, took the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield
half of my five minutes to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. YOORHEES. I do not care whether
I speak now or after the gentleman from Ohio
has finished.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Go on now.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I rise for
the simple purpose of saying that, however
much I may regret to part with friends on this
side of the House, I expect to cast my vole
for this appropriation. In doing so I am satis-
fied I represent the wishes of the people whom
I represent, without respect to party. There
can be no party in a measure like this. I
speak for nobody's constituents but my own.
We live within one hundred and fifty miles of
Chicago, and at that distance we almost felt
the heat of the flames which burned it to
ashes. It is one of the great cities which the
West takes special pride in. Her growth has
been unparalleled in the history of this or any
other country in the world. I am satisfied the
resources surrounding her, her privileges of
navigation, and the mighty country which is
tributary to her, all proclaim her speedy resur-
rection from her present fallen condiiion.
Aside from considerations, however, of this
kind, I am satisfied the people of this country
will receive the worth of this outlay of money.
An amount of this kind put into public build-
ings, under judicious management, will erect a
monument that will last long after we are all
gone, and after our memories are forgotten.
It will stand as a monument of the justice and
liberality of the Government, as long as the
recollections of the awful fire itself remain.
There is a permanence about an appropriation
of this kind which is pleasant for ine to con-
template. It will be ai; honor to the Govern-
ment which makes it, as well as a benefit to the
city in which it is expended.
I desire to be on the side of a just and wise
economy. If ever I have given a vote in favor
of a profligate expenditure of the public money,
I am not aware of it. I shall, however, not
only vote for this appropriation, but I expect
also to vote for an appropriation, within proper
limits, for a suitable building for similar pur-
