1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Nye.
Senate.
have to say, " We knowyou have been greatly
and wantonly injured; we regret and deplore
it, but it has been from the casualities of war,
and we can afford you no redress." Could we
make any other answer?
No, sir, I think we could not. Well, then,
shall the inhabitants of Ohambersburg and
those of many other loyal districts go wholly
without reimbursement for school and church
property destroyed by the rebel army, to say
nothing of a vast amount of other property
that was swept away by the same power, and
we yet grant this reimbursement to William
and Mary College? Again, I ask, are the dis-
loyal to be> preferred to the loyal?
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is another point
worthy of some attention, and it is the one in
reference to which more particularly I asked
to have read the notice from the National
Intelligencer. That statement speaks for itself,
and shows that a sharp skirmish ensued upon
the attack made upon Williamsburg on the
daymentioned ; that the rebel detachment was
supported by artillery; that while no mention
is made of the burning, of the college prop-
erly, and none of the fact that our forces were
driven out of the city, the statement is that
the rebels were repulsed, though prisoners
were taken and held on both sides. Now, sir,
I am not doubting that the college property
was burned on that day; but I wish to ask
whether possibly it may not, after all, have
been fired and destroyed through the casual-
ties of the skirmish, and by some other cause,
either during or after the skirmish, than from
the drunkeuness and the disorderly and in-
subordinate conduct of any portion of our
soldiers?
Sir, I am far from questioning in the slight-
est the fidelity of the committee. But the
proof from any parly professing to have per-
sonal knowledge of the affait is principally,
if not entirely, by the statement through the
affidavits of the two women referred to. They
were residents in Williamsburg, and identified,
I assume, with the sentiments and interest
then at war with the garrison and the Govern-
ment it represented. If there is any other
evidence besides theirs, I have not been able
to discover it. If any other or further evidence
exists I call for it, that we may know upon
what ground we are proceeding. Colonel
Campbell's telegram, for the reason already
adverted to, furnishes no proof on the point.
No evidence from Colonel Smith's state-
ment has been obtained; nor, so far as I
have been able to discover, from any of the
members of the cavalry company remaining
to maintain the garrison after the capture
of Colonel Campbell. Now, the bill under
consideration calls upon us to make the
reimbursement 011 the ground that the prop-
erty of the college was destroyed through the
disorderly and disgraceful conduct of soldiers
belonging to that company; and upon ex parte
affidavits, without giving the soldiers living or
dead who are to be implicated any opportunity
whatever of being heard in their defense.
Mr. McNEELY. Upon that point will
the gentleman allow me to read from General
Meade's letter?
Mr. GOODRICH. I understand all about
General Meade's letter. If the gentleman
will give me the date he may read as much as
Mr. McNEELY. This is the letter which
was filed with the committee.
Mr. GOODRICH. Have you the whole
letter?
Mr. McNEELY. I have an extract from it.
Mr. GOODRICH. 1 should prefer the gen-
tleman should present the whole letter. In
that letter (I wiLl notconceal the fact) General
Meade states that according to the information
he had received the burning was unauthorized
and a wanton act.
Mr. McNEELY. He says he has examined
the facts.
Mr. GOODRICH. Up to the time of the
fire General Meade had not been to Williams-
burg ; he bases his opinion upon the state-
ments furnished him. And General Meade,
to his credit be it said, did not express that
opinion for the purpose of giving sanction to
this application to Congress for an appropri-
ation of $6-5,000 out of the Treasury of the
country. His letter was written for an entirely
different purpose, and I say it is an abuse of
it to use it as an .approval of the reimburse-
ment now sought.
Mr. STORM. Does the gentleman mean
to assert that General Meade would state one
set of facts for one purpose, and another set
for another purpose ?
Mr. GOODRICH. I do not.
Mr. STORM. I ask the gentleman what he
does mean? He has said it was an abuse of
General Meade's letter to use it for the purpose
of this application. Does he mean that when
General Meade undertakes to state the facts of
an occurrence during the war he would state
the facts in one way for one purpose, and in
another for another purpose?
Mr. GOODRICH. What I undertake to say
is that General Meade had no personal knowl-
edge of these facts, and does not claim to have
had. I will take the opinion of General Meade
upon the propriety of making this reimburse-
ment quite as readily as I will my own vote,
and neither the gentleman from Pennsylvania
nor any other gentleman can bring me into
collision on this matter with General Meade,
whose high character for truth and justice I
greatly respect.
Mr. STORM. I understand the gentleman
from New York to say that General Meade's
statement, of facts was made for another pur-
pose, and that this is an abuse of his letter to
use it for this purpose. Are we to infer that,
in the gentleman's opinion General Meade
would state facts in one way for one purpose,
and in another for another purpose?
Mr. GOODRICH. I do not.
Mr. STORM. Has not the gentleman said
that General Meade's letter was written for an
entirely different purpose?
Mr. GOODRICH. Yes, I did say so.
Mr. STORM. I ask the gentleman does he
believe General Meade would have given us
anuthei set of facts if he believed these peti-
tioners were coming to Congress to ask this
reimbursement ?
Mr. GOODRICH. I do not believe Gen-
eral Meade would prevaricate or fail to tell
the truth according to his convictions ; but
nevertheless what I do say is, and it is only
what I have alre'ady stated, that his letter was
written on information that had been furnished
him by persons who professed to know, and who
had obtained bis confidence without his know-
ing anything about the facts personally.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that the time of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Good-
rich] be extended.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. How much
time does the gentleman desire to conclude his
remarks?
Mr. GOODRICH. Ten minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the time of the gentleman from
New York being extended ten minutes? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. GOODRICH. I thank the House for
the courtesy it extends to me, and I will avail
myself of it only to add tliat as I have already
called attention to the insufficiency, in my
opinion, of the affidavits of the two women
referred to, to sustain the charge that the prop-
erty of the college was destroyed by any of
the soldiers of the garrison, and through their
disorderly, unsoldier-like conduct, as claimed;
and as I have called attention also to the
want of other proof, so far as I have been able
to discover, to substantiate the charge ; and
as from the character of the skirmish follow-
ing the attack upon Williamsburg, as shown
by the extract read from the National Intelli-
gencer, it is at least possible that the property
may have been destroyed by some cause con-
nected with that, other than the one to which it
isattributed by the memorialists, I will only add
that I am myself wholly unwilling to give my
vote in a manner that will adopt the truth of
the charge made against these soldiers without
affording them any opportunity for defense.
Sir, the Government of the United States
owes something to the devoted soldiery that
so bravely and successfully defended it in the
late struggle, and the history it makes up
against any of the number should be just.
From all the proofs I have yet seen I cannot
think that the imputation will be just which
the passage of this bill, if passed, must write
against these soldiers of the fifth Pennsylvania
cavalry, and I deem it my duty to say so.
But, sir, possible injustice to them is far from
being my only objection to this bill. I am
opposed to it because, as I have now endeav-
ored hastily to show, it will, if passed, adopt
a rule of national obligation based on dis-
orderly and unathorized conduct of soldiers,
which is new, and is contrary to the practice
not only of this Government, but of all others;
a rule of liability, call it legal or equitable,
which will be exceedingly pernicious as a
precedent, and which, I undertake to say, no
nation can afford to adopt. As I have also
endeavored to show, the measure is also wrong
in allowing those who brought on the late ter-
rible calamity of war to escape from the con-
sequences which should fall nowhere but upon
themselves, and particularly against citizens
loyal to the Government—in favor of those who
were disloyal to it during that war, extending
to the latter a reimbursement which the Gov-
ernment cannot, and nobody expects it will,
give to the former. For all these reasons, sir,
I am opposed to the passage of this bill, and
trust it is not to receive the sanction of this
House.
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES W. NYE,
of nevada,
iif the Senate of the United States,
February 26, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution in relation to the sales of arms to Trench
agents-
Mr. NYE said:
Mr. President : I believe that the ostensi-
ble question which has been under discussion
so long is disposed of. The preamble and
the resolution upon which we started gave
very slight indication of where this debate
would terminate. I judge that thatis disposed
of, from the fact that the honorable Senator
who introduced the preamble and resolution
made a motion the other day himself to with-
draw the preamble. That is giving, I believe,
what lawyers call a cognovit. That preamble
went on to state, in the language of a legal
order, that it appeared that such and such
things had been done in regard to the sale of
arms to ihe French Government. I take it
that the honorable Senator became convinced
that that preamble was wrong'and unjust;
that it asserted that things appeared which do
