; 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
error into which he has fallen? He states
that in a fall Senate when the bill was in Com-
mittee of the Whole this amendment was
adopted, and that in a thin Senate when the
bill was in the Senate it was rejected. Now
' the facts are that in Committee of the Whole
. this amendment was adopted by a vote of 22
to 17, or .just one more than a quorum, and
in the Senate, on the question of concurrence
' in the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, there were twenty-six votes in the nega-
tive and twenty-three in the affirmative, show-
ing a vote of forty-nine.
Mr. CONKLING. It is possible that the
Senator is technically right. I will concede
that he is, and if h8 is, there ought to be liter-
ally a change of the phraseology which I em-
ployed. Let me restate myself. This amend-
ment in its essence, in that essence which it
would have if the phraseology proposed by my
friend from Wisconsin should be adopted, has
received the approval of the Senate over and
over again by many pronounced, unmistaka-
ble votes. Of course, I do not refer to.what
has happened during the pendency of the
present bill alone, nor what has occurred dur-
ing this session. I speak of votes which are
scattered through years when I affirm that the
true intent and meaning of this amendment
lias received the approval of both Houses by
pronounced majorities. The Senator knows
that just as well as I do, but he reminds me
that the other day on one of the half a dozen
test-votes we have had there were just a
quorum.
Mr. SAWYER. If my friend will allow me,
there was not a single vote upon the considera-
tion of this proposition which was not in favor
of its adoption by any sort of interpretation
except the final vote in committee, when it was
22 to 17; and, if the Senator will allow me
one moment more, the Drake amendment,
so called, which was in its essence the same
thing, never has received the vote of both
Houses except subsequent to a committee of
conference, it having been appended to an
appropriation bill in the Senate at night and
afterward adopted by a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
the Drake amendment is the Only statute which
has gone down before this decision of the
Supreme Court?
Mr. SAWYER. I refer to this particular
form of it.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator again,
does he think the Drake amendment the only
statute which disappears in the presence of
the late decision ?
Mr. SAWYER. I take the Drake amend-
ment and this amendment which we are now
considering both to have been submitted with
the purpose of overriding or getting around
the decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not take either of
them in that way, but I take the two provis-
ions to which the Senator has referred, and
at least two others to have been intended to
close the door of the Court of Claims against
men who waged the rebellion against the
Government. I speak of all provisions hav-
ing that purpose, and I declare again that in
both Houses those provisions have received
pronounced approval over and over again.
Now, let me agree with my friend quickly ; let
me suppose that only a bare majority have
ever been found for this, it would rather
strengthen than weaken the urgency of my
suggestion to the Senator from California,
because if it be true that the amendment has
a slender support only and is to be voted
down, we had better let it be voted down with
as little loss of time as possible ; we had bet-
ter not go through this day with a thin Senate
and have it fail, and then take it up and
debate it hereafter with an adverse result.
Certainly it is as broad as it is long whether
the amendment shall carry or fail. It is to
be discussed and voted upon. The question
is merely one of the convenience of the Sen-
ate and the economy of time, that is all. If it
is good economy to go on to-day and have the
amendment fail, as- it probably will with the
Senate as it is, and then devote perhaps two
days, perhaps a week, to its discussion on one
or more other bills, so be it. If, on the con-
trary, the time of the Senate will be saved by
laying this bill aside, letting it lie over until
Monday, and on Monday when the Senate is
certain to be full letting the motion of the
Senator from New Jersey be voted upon and
thus end the whole matter one way or the
other, let us do that.
Mr. SAWYER. I think we can end it now
in five minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
South Carolina ever was guilty of showing a
want of discrimination which he never is, he
would show it in that remark. He knows that
five Senators, whom I could name if it were
proper, who were here yesterday and 'voted
for this amendment are absent, and I am told
every one of them without a pair.
Mr. SAWYER. I supposed they had paired.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator knows that
the Senate is thin, because he has eyes and
can see, nobody better than he; and yet he
turns upon me with the suggestion, "We can
end it now in five minutes." I will not say
the Senator knows better than that, because I
do not know whether he does or not; but I do
say it is very singular when a Senator makes a
suggestion ingood faith as to the mere conven-
ience of dispatching business that any Senator
should suppose that he answers the suggestion
in that way.
I assure the Senator that I shall renew this
amendment, if nobody else does, upon the
next appropriation bill. If the people I rep-
resent here, if I acted iu reference to nobody
else, are to be subjected in sentiment and in
result to the consequences of the law as it will
stand practically without this amendment,
they shall never be so subjected until I, at
least, have availed myself of the presence
of a full Senate to test the sense of the Senate
upon the question. Therefore I promise the
Senator that, if nobody else does it, I shall
renew this amendment upon the next appro
priation bill or bill of any other sort to which it
is applicable, which may be presented when the
Senate is full. If the Senator thinks it an
answer to say "We can end it in five minutes"
in the absence of one third of the Senate,
those on one side having taken great pains, as
near as we can learn, to obtain pairs before
tbey went, and those on the other side having
gone off without knowing or thinking this
amendment was to come up ; if he thinks he
answers it in that way, so be it. Then the
effort which I have been making to help along
a little with the business will be added to a
great many unsuccessful efforts which I have
heard other Senators make in the same way.
The true way, I submit to the Senator from
California, is to lay this appropriation bill
aside informally, and let us take up business
with which we can proceed, and on Monday
let this bill be acted upon, if it can be, onee
for all.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a single word
about this matter of pairs. I looked around
the Senate this morning, and was very much
annoyed to think that the opponents of this
amendment had gone away as I believed with-
out pairs. I think the Senate is in as fair a
condition to vote upon this matter to-day as it
will be on any other day. I know nothing
about whether A, B, or C is paired. I know
of but one individual who votes as 1 do on
this measure who is paired, and I doubt if he
would have been if I had not spoken to hitn
when he was going away a few moments ago.
As 1 said before, it this measure is voted upon
now, we can decide it one way or the other.
If the Senator, however, in despite of succes-
sive votes and numerous votes iu condemna-
tion of the amendment, chooses to renew it
upon every appropriation bill that' comes up
here, the responsibility of doing so will rest
upon him. 1 have no fear, even if the amend-
ment should pass here, that it will become a
law—not the slightest.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, why not let it
pass?
Mr. COLE. If I can obtain unanimous
consent to have the vote taken on this bill
at some hour on Monday, say two or three
o'clock—two o'clock, unless somebody else
suggests a different hour—giving both sides an
opportunity to rally their forces, I should be
willing to agree to that, provided we could go
on with some other appropriation bill now
and up to that time or so much time preced-
ing the hour fixed upon as may not be required
by honorable Senators to discuss it. In that
event I should be willing to entertain the prop-
osition of the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. That is to fix an hour.
Mr. COLE. To fix an hour on Monday—
two o'clock on Monday.
Mr. MORTON. I agree to that.
Mr. SAWYER. Without debate?
Mr. CONKLING. It is of no consequence
whether you add that or not as the Senator
from California states it. He fixes the hour
for a vote, and of course the debate cannot
extend beyond that. Let us fix the hour.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I shall
object to any such arrangement as that unless
I can understand what is to be proceeded with
this afternoon.
Mr. COLE. The naval appropriation bill,
I hope.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I want to
know, not merely a "hope."
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the present
question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is the motion of the
Senator from New Jersey, to reconsider the
vote by which the so-called Morrill amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr, CASSERLY. I see my colleague on
the floor. If he does not wish to speak I
should like to say a word.
Mr. COLE. 1 should like to have some
response to the suggestion I made, unless the
Senator wishes to oppose it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not in the habi t of
opposing a suggestion, especially from my col-
league, until I know what it is.
Mr. COLE. My proposition is that we agree
unanimously, as the Senate can, to take the
vote upon the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont on Monday at two o'clock,
or some other houron Monday, and that we pro-
ceed this afternoon with the naval appropriation
bill. I make that suggestion in order that all
Senators may be satisfied. In that event, of
course, both sides can have their forces here,
and nobody will after that complain of the
result.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right. Let us
agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair). That agreement cau be
made by unanimous conseut.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am always reluctant
to fix a period for terminating the debate on
any bill that is of much consequence, yet 1 do
not know that I shall raise any objection at
this time to the suggestion of my colleague.
I rose to say a few words to the Senate on
another branch of the subject in reference to
the remarks of the Senator from New York.
The Senator from New York complained that
an amendment of considerable importance,
certainly one which had given rise to much
debate, was likely to be presented to the Sen-
ate for a vote to-day in a thin Senate, when,
as he urged, apparently upon full information,
the probabilities were that the vote to be
given would not be iu accordance with the
real sentiment of the Senate.
I am glad the Senator from New York made
those remarks. I am glad he urged them
