1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
hitherto as salary for clerks was probably suffi-
cient compensation in other words, that for
that compensation competent clerks could be
employed for all the committees except those
four which I have named here; or, I think in
the opinion of the committee, the first three.
As to the others the sum of six dollars per
diem is limited to the clerks of the Committee
of Elections, of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, of the Committee on Military Affairs,
of the Committee On Invalid Pensions, and of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The clerk of the Committee on Banking and
Currency, who by this bill is also directed to
act as clerk for the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures, is also put into that
class. And it is proper to say here that this
clerk is at present also acting as clerk of this
select Committee on the .Reorganization of the
Civil Service; and it occurred to our com-
mittee that if this clerk acted also for the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, and for the
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, it was fair and no more than just com-
pensation to give him sis dollars per day,
which is given to the other clerks who act only
as clerks for a single committee. I mention
this because the compensation of the clerk
of the Committee on Banking and Currency
has hitherto been only $4 80 per day, and that
has been the compensation also of the clerk
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; but it seemed to the committee that
that clerk also had more work to do than the
clerks of many of the other committees, and
that it was no more than just that his compen-
sation should also be of this grade.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I come to the clerks of
the second class, whom it is proposed by this
bill to pay five dollars per day. I may say, in
the first place, that they are all at present paid
$4 80 a day, and that sum was fixed by this
method: adding twenty per cent, to the former
per diem compensation of four dollars a day.
The committee deemed that the fraction of
twenty cents had better be taken out of the
computation, and perhaps in a spirit of gen-
erous liberality they took it out by increasing
the sum to five dollars. In other words, they
put in that twenty cents for the purpose, as
has been suggested, of making even change.
Now, there are included in that class the Com-
mittee on Commerce, the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, the Committee on Naval Affairs,
the Committee on Indian Affairs, the Com-
mittee on Printing, the Committee on Revis-
ion of the Laws of 'the United States, the
Committee on Education and Labor, and the
Committee for the District of Columbia, the
clerks of which committees were paid in the
last Congress, and are now by a resolution of
the House being paid, $4 80 a day.
The Committee on the Territories has been
allowed a clerk, and he has been paid at the
rate of $4 80 a day. The bill proposes that
that committee shall be allowed a clerk in
connection with the Committee on Mines and
Mining. It seemed to our committee that the
duties of those two committees were so nearly
of a kindred nature—mines and mining being
so largely in the Territories—that it would be
well to put these two together in the classifica-
tion.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds in this classification employs a clerk
in connection with the Committee on Public
Expenditures in an amendment which has been
proposed to the bill. The former committee
is authorized at present to employ a clerk, I
think, in connection with the same committee
or with some other which has not any more
work to do. The Committee on Public Ex-
penditures has little work to do; and, as I
have said, those two committees, it is pro-
posed, shall be authorized to employ one clerk.
The Committee on Patents is authorized
by this bill to employ a clerk, who is also to act
as clerk to the Committee on Private Land
Claims. That is the arrangement which now
exists, one clerk acting as clerk for the two
committees.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad is
authorized to employ a clerk, who is also to act
as clerk to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812. I may say that
the reason which operated upon the mind of
the committee in favor of putting these two
committees together was this: the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad has hitherto been au-
thorized to employ a clerk, and I think he has
acted as the clerk of some other committee.
Mr. WHEELER. The clerk of the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. WILLARD. It is now proposed to put
that committee with the Committee on the Ter-
ritories, and the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road is to be authorized to employ a clerk, and
as the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812 meet in the same room, there
is no difficulty whatever in one clerk perform-
ing whatever duties there may be to be per-
formed for both committees. The chairman
of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
said that he had no objection to having the
clerk act for both committees. I do not
understand that any objection is made to this,
and the salary of the clerk is not increased.
The clerkship of the Committee on Agri-
culture was not mentioned in the original bill,
and that committee, and the Committee on
Manufactures, are now put together, and al-
lowed to employ a clerk.
The Committee on Railways and Canals
is also authorized to employ a clerk in con-
nection with the Committee on Freedmen's
Affairs.
These four committees are authorized now,
by resolutions of the House, and were in the
last Congress, to employ clerks, as they are
authorized by this bill to employ clerks. And
although there was some hesitation on the part
of the committee at first, in respect to these
committees, as well as in respect to some other
committees, in recommending the employment
of clerks, on the ground that the business before
the committees was hardly sufficient to war-
rant 3uch an expenditure, still the commit-
tee, after further consideration, and on con-
ference with the chairmen of those committees,
who stated to them something of the busi-
ness before them, and the importance of a
clerk for the proper transaction of their busi-
ness, came to the conclusion that it would on
the whole be a wise expenditure of money,
in consideration of the advantage to the pub-
lic service, to allow these committees to retain
their clerks.
The Committee on Agriculture represents
here in this House certainly one of the most
important interests in the country, and whether
or not at all sessions of Congress it has an
amount of business before it that requires the
aid of the clerk that has been assigned to the
committee, it is still true that while it repre-
sents this important interest, and is liable at
any time to be charged by resolutions of this
House, or by bills referred to it, with business
affecting the industrial interests of the whole
country, it ought to have the aid of a clerk,
and a clerk can aid that committee as much
as a clerk can aid any committee ofthe House.
The same thing might be said of other com-
mittees.
I think it can be said generally that the
money that is expended on clerks of the com-
mittees of the House during the session of
Congress is not money unwisely expended, i
These committees ought to be encouraged in !l
every possible way, short of extravagant ex- "
penditures of public money, to attend to all
the business which can properly be considered
by the committee; and there is no doubt that
in correspondence, and in looking up author-
ities and facts concerning matters referred to !
the committee, and in many other ways, a i
clerk can be of great service in advancing i
the business and helping the members in the ']
transaction of the business properly before the i
committee. As a general rule, therefore, it
seems to me, and that was the opinion of the
committee generally, that it would not be a
wise measure, looking to progress and rapid-
ity in the dispatch of business, to cut off the
clerkships of committees entirely from any
committees that had been accustomed to their
employment.
Let me say, Mr. Speaker, further, while roy
attention has been called to it as to the amend-
ment suggested in reference to a clerk to the
Speaker, that while that matter was not strictly
referred to the committee, it has been the cus-
tom for years, as lam told, for the Doorkeeper
of the House to put upon the rolls a person
who has acted as clerk for the Speaker, and
that person has been paid at the rate of $1,800
a year. Now, what is pioper to be done by
indirection—and I think it entirely proper that
the Speaker should have a clerk—we propose
to do directly and to put into this law the light
oil the part of the Speaker to employ a clerk
at the same salary which has been paid hitherto
to the person acting as his clerk. And I think
no gentleman will disagree with me in saying
that it' any committee of this House needs a
clerk, certainly the Speaker, more than any
committee of the House, needs a private secre-
tary or clerk. The proposition is guarded so
that there shall be no payment hereafter to
such a person on the rolls of the Doorkeeper.
Now, having got through with my statement
in respect to the clerks themselves, let me re-
fer for a moment to a proviso put on this bill,
and which was put on at the suggestion of some
members of the House as well as some mem-
bers of the committee reporting this bill. The
proviso is as follows:
Provided, That no person receiving compensation
asclerkot a committee ut the House shall, during
the time he is receiving compensation as such clerk,
receive pay as an officer or employe in any other
department or branch ot tne Government.
It has been said, I do not know with what
truth, that persons serving as clerks in the
Departments here have taken advantage of
the opportunity presented by sessions ot Con-
gress to take their thirty days' leave of ab-
sence from the Departments, or, perhaps to
get other persons to act in their stead m the
Departments for a less compensation than they
receive as such clerks, and then come here and
get employment as clerks of committees, and
tor the time being, in that way, they are enabled
to draw double pay. It is perfectly proper, I
think, that a person who is acting here as the
clerk of a committee of Congress should nos
in this way be permitted to draw double pay
from the Treasury of the United States. His
time should be commanded by the committee,
and his pay, of course, should be adequate.
Certainly there should be no device by which
he can draw double pay for the same time
from the Treasury. This provision is similar
to provisions in our statutes forbidding any
peison from receiving two compensations from
the Government for the same period of time.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. As the gentleman
goes along I would like to have him explain
this: I notice that this provision, as well as
this entire bill, applies only to clerks of com-
mittees of the House of Representatives. As
regards the proposed adjustment of the pay
of our clerks, I think that perhaps it is \ery
proper throughout. I presume it is, and I
think the pay of those emplojes should be regu-
lated bylaw. But at the same time and by the
same law 1 think it would be proper to regulate
the pay ot the clerks of the committees of the
Senate. Now, suppose that wc pass this bill
and send it to the Senate? I know it is said
that we should leave to the Senate to put on
the provisions necessary for the regulation and
employment of its own clerks; but suppose
that the Senate does not put on any such
provisions, and merely takes up our bill and
passes it as we send it to them, and it becomes
thereby a law, we will have fettered ourselves
by a law which we cannot change by a simple
House reaolution, while the Senate will be
