1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
between the United States and China, Japan,
and the countries of Asia, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This seems
to be a very extraordinary bill, and I think it
will bear a considerable amount of explana-
tion ; and I hope some member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce is prepared to give it.
Certainly, I do not think it is likely to pass
in a hurry if Senators understand what it
is. I only canght a very faint idea from the
reading of it, and I suggest the propriety of
it lying over and having some day specially
appointed when we can consider it. It is a
bill of sufficient magnitude, I think, to require
a day by itself.
Mr. MORTON. What is the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title of
the bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 76) to
facilitate commerce between the United States
and China, Japan, and the countries of Asia.
Mr. CHANDLER. As this bill will evi-
dently lead to discussion, I ask that it lie over
for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, the bill will lie on the table
for the present.
consular system.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to resume the
consideration of Senate bill No. 472.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 472) to amend an act entitled " An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," passed Augustl8,1851,
and for other purposes, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which any amendments to this bill
have been already agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that some amendments have been
agreed to; but if such is the sense of the Sen-
ate, they will be reconsidered. No objection
being interposed, the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Commerce will be now considered
in their order, beginning with the first amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
of the Committee on Commerce, which was
in line ten, to strike out "six" and insert
"seven so as to make the salary of the con-
sul at London $7,000 per annum.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of
some member of the Committee on Com-
merce what the present salary of the consul
at London is?
Mr. SPENCER. The present salary is
$6,000.
Mr. COLE. This is a proposition to in-
crease it to $7,000, and I observe on looking
through the bill that a similar proposition
applies to a number of the other consuls, and
perhaps also to other officers, such as commer-
cial agents. I will state here that this law will
involve the necessity of a readjustment of all
the appropriations in regard to the foreign
service. The consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill has been acted upon by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. The bill, to be
sure, has not been acted upon by the Senate;
but it is very evident, as I observe from this
bill that it is to take effect on the 1st of July
next, that it will be necessary to readjust all
the appropriations for this branch of the
service.
Mr. CHANDLER. The changes in this
bill are very slight indeed.
Mr. COLE. They may be; but I see a
great many changes bearing on that point—
changes of salary.
Mr. CHANDLER. In some places reduc-
tions ; in others a slight increase. The aggre-
gate increase is very slight.
Mr. COLE. I would like to add here that
I approve of the general object of the bill in
making the salaries more specific.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are some places
like Marseilles where the system has been
changed by the establishment of steamship
lines. We have razeed the consul at Mar-
seilles from five or six thousand to $2,500, so
that in the aggregate the change is very slight.
Mr. COLE. I have no doubt about the
real necessity for the passage of some bill of
the kind, and I only call attention to the fact
of the increase of salaries with the view of
getting an explanation from the committee.
Mr. SPENCER. If this bill becomes a law
as it is reported by the Committee on Com-
merce the expense of the consular system will
be $15,000 more than it is at the present time.
In reference to the London consulate, the
State Department recommend that the salary
be put at $7,000, saying: "the correspondence
and business of this consul general is very
large and his responsibility great; a salary
of $7,000, with $2,000 for clerk hire, is rec-
ommended." This is the recommendation of
the State Department.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen of
section one, to strike out from the list of con-
sulates general "Ottawa, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
of section one, to strike out "six," and insert
"seven," making the salary of the consul
general at Paris $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
thirty-four, thirty-five, and thirty-six of section
one, as follows:
Danish dominions:
Copenhagen, $2,000; St.Thomas, 32,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
thirty-six, the following:
Italy:
Rome, §2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, com-
mencing in line thirty-nine down to and includ-
ing line fifty-'one, the following clause :
Kingdom of Bavaria:
Munich, $2,000.
Kingdom of Wurtemberg:
Stuttgart, $2,000.
Grand Luc by of Baden:
Carlsruhe, $1,500.
Principality of Servia :
Belgrade, $1,500 ; Tripoli, $3,000; Tunis, S3,000;
Tansiers, &3,OUO.
Kingdom of Madagascar:
Tamatava, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-three,
to strike out "four" and insert "five," so as
to make the salary of the consul general at
Kanagawa, Japan, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out com-
mencing in line fifty-four, down to and includ-
ing line sixty-one, the following clause:
Siam:
Bangkok, $2,000.
Dominions of the sultan of Muscat:
Zanzibar, §1,000.
Dominions of the Netherlands:
Batavia, $1,500.
Russia:
St. Petersburg, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-one,
to make the salary of the consul at Hong Kong
$4,000 instead of $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-
seven, to make the salary of the consul at
Port Louis $1,500 instead of $2,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eighty-nine "Ottawa, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and three "St. Johns, (Canada
East,) $1,500."
Mr. PATTERSON. I see under the bill of
1872 that was stricken out altogether from the
schedule of consulates, and here it is restored.
I should like to ask why that is?
Mr. SPENCER. The reason is that it was
put in through a mistake first as a consulate
general, and the Department recommended
that it be changed from a consulate general
to a consulate, as it was originally. It has
always been a consulate; but in the bill as
first introduced it was, through mistake, put
in schedule B among the consulates general.
There is really no change in the law as it is at
the present time in this respect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Before the next amendment
is read, I desire to call attention to the one
hundredth line, which reads " Windsor,
$1,500." There are two places of that name:
one Windsor in Canada East, and one in
Nova Scotia. Unless the particular Wind-
sor meant is specified, it will be uncertain to
which the bill applies.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is Windsor oppo-
site Detroit. There is no consul at the other
Windsor. Windsor in Canada is established
as a consulate ; it is fixed by the act.
Mr. COLE. I will state, lor the information
of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, that the Committee on Appropriations
have seen fit to appropriate for a consulate at
Windsor, Nova Scotia, and to provide a salary
of $1,000 for it, upon the representations made
to that committee. I think this bill had better
be modified so as to conform to that. There
are two places of this name, both places having
consuls.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California m'ove an amendment?
Mr. COLE. Not now. The bill may be
proceeded with and I will prepare it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the Committee on Commerce
will be read.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifteen of section one, after the word
"thousand" to insert "five hundred;" so as
read, " Demerara, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and nineteen the words " Mahe,
(Seychelles,) $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line one hundred and twenty-three "Revel,
$2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-six, to reduce the .salary of
the consul at Havre from $4,000 to $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-seven, to make the salary of
the consul at Marseilles $2,500 instead of
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-nine, to make the salary of
the consul at Lyons $2,500 instead of $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty, to increase the salary of the
consul at Matanzas from $2,500 to $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifty, to increase the salary of the
consul at Antwerp from $2,000 to $2,500; and
in line one hundred and fifty-two, to increase
the salary of the consul at Brussels from $2,000
to $2,500.
The amendment-Was agreed to.
The next amendment was, alter line one
