373.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
equal rights for all in this land, they will say
that those equal rights shall not prevail in the
common schools and in the jury-box. Such,
sir, I understand to have been the vote of the
Senate. What will ensue should it be con-
firmed by the other House? The spirit of
caste will receive new sanction in the educa-
tion of children ; justice will find a new im-
pediment in the jury-box. Sir, I plead for the
colored race, who unhappily have no repre-
sentative on this floor.
1 ask the Senate to set, its face against that
spirit of caste now prevailing in the common
schools, against that injustice which is now in-
stalled in the jury-box. I insist that the Sen-
ate shall not lose this great opportunity. You
recognize the commanding principle of the
bill. Why not, then, apply it throughout, so
that hereafter there shall be no question ; for,
sir, be well assured there is but one way of
settling this great cause, and that is by con-
ceding these equal rights. So long as they
are denied, you will have the colored people
justly complaining and knocking at your
doors, and may I say so long as I remain in
this Chamber you will have me. perpetually
demanding their rights. I cannot, I will not
cease. I ask, sir, that this great strife may be
brought to an end, and the cause settled for-
ever. Now is the time. But this cannot be
except by tha establishment of equal rights
absolutely and completely wherever the law
can reach.
Sir, early in life I vowed myself to nothing
less than the idea of making the principles
and promises of the Declaration of Independ-
ence a living reality. This was my aspiration.
For that I have labored constantly ; and now
at this moment, as its fulfillment seems within
reach, I appeal to my fellow-Senators not to
lose the great opportunity. Make, I entreat
you, the Declaration of Independence in its
principles and promises a living letter; make
it a practical reality.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. One word more. You are
about to decree the removal of disabilities
from those who have been in rebellion. Why
will you not with better justice decree a simi-
lar removal of disabilities from those who
have never injured you? Why will you not
give to the colored race that same amnesty
which you now offer to former rebels? Sir,
you cannot go before the country with this
unequal measure awarding amnesty to rebels
and still keeping the colored race under the
ban of exclusion. Therefore, sir, do I insist
that amnesty shall not become a law unless at
the same time the equal rights of all are
secured. In our debates this winter I have often
said this, and I repeat it now with all the
earnestness of my nature. Would that I were
stronger, that I might impress it upon the
Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Clayton, .Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Pfitterson, Pomeroy, Spencer,Sprague, Sumner, and
Wilson—13.
NAY S—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casseriy, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of
West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Pool, ltunsom,
Kohertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Stevenson,
Thurmnn, Tipton, and Viokers—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Kellogg, Lewi*, Morton, Osborn, Pratt,
Itamsey, Rice, Schurz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
Trumbull, West, Windoin, and Wright—32.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I long to
rote for amnesiy, I have always hoped to vote
for it, but, sir, 1 should be unworthy of my
seat as a Senator, if I voted for it while the
colored race are shut out from their rights, and
the ban of color is recognized in this Cham-
ber. Sir, the time has not coine for amnesty.
You must be just to the colored race before
you are generous to former rebels. I do not
like to present that idea, but it belongs to this
moment. I utter it with regret, for I long to
record my name in behalf of amnesty, and
now let it not go forth that I am against am-
nesty. I say here from my seat I am for am-,
nesty, provided it can be associated with the
equal rights of the colored race; but if not
so associated, then, so help me God, I am
against it.
The bill was ordered to a. third reading and
read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
ou the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 38, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Blair, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Casseriy, Clayton, Cole,
Oonklms, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Pool, liansom, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer. Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurman,
Tipton. Trumbull, andVickers—3S.
NAYS—Messrs. Nye and Sumner—2.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames. Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Chandler, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Edmunds. Fenton, Forry of Connecticut,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Hitchcock. Howe. Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Xtice, Schurz, Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, West, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright-34."
The PRESIDING OFFICER., Two thirds
having voted in favor of the bill, the bill is
passed.
IIOUB OF MEETING.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to proceed
with the consideration of the motion which
was made to reconsider the vote on t.he passage
of the civil rights bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mean time I ask consent
of the Senate to introduce a motion that when
we adjourn we adjourn to meet at two o'clock
on Wednesday.
Mr. THU RMAN. I hope the Seuator will
say three o'clock. We who belong to the
Committee oti Privileges and Elections have
been in session now twenty-four consecutive
hours with the exception of one hour's recess.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will modify it, and say
three o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet to-morrow, the
22d, [laughter,] at three o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL EIGHTS.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to consider the motion to recon-
sider the vote passing the civil rights bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that motion will
not be proceeded with now. This is a thin
Senate, There ought to be a full Senate to
decide finally upon that important measure.
It is proposed to sacrifice in two important,
respects the equal rights of the colored race,
and I insist that the sacrifice shall not be con-
summated except in a full Senate. Many are
now absent who, if here, would become the
defenders of the colored race. I ask that the
Senate shall wait for them, that it shall not
at this late hour undertake to decide on this
important question 
Several Senators. Let us adjourn. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I therefore move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. CARPENTER. Oh, no ; I hope not.
The motion was not, agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 12, noes 28.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now I insist on my
motion to proceed to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider.
Mi'. SUMNER. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Before I vote I should
like to be sure that I vote understanding^.
Before the Senator from Massachusetts came
in, it was the intention of the Senate to vote
upon the amnesty bill, but not to do so until
after the civil rights bill had been voted upon
and passed, ifthere were votes enough to pass it.
Now, if I understand the motion remaining
pending to reconsider the civil rights bill, and
no such motiou being made about the amnesty
bill, the amnesty bill is. passed as the House
passed it, it becomes a law, and the civil rights
bill is left hanging; and if any majority can
be found hereafter to reconsider it, then we
shall have lost entirely everything for which
we contended on the subject of civil rights.
I thought the Senator from Massachusetts
might perhaps give me his attention, as I was
seeking information from him. I wish to pre-
seut to him the question whether the present
predicament of this matter is quite what he
wants. I should like to get a civil rights bill,
and I would like to get, in accordance with
the votes I have given, the largest civil rights
bill we can get, which I believe is the identical
bill the Senator is for. I submit to him, there
having been an understanding that no vote
should be ta.ken on the amnesty bill until the
civil rights bill had a full opportunity and had
been passed, if we had votes enough to pass
it, and this motion having been entered to
reconsider the civil rights bill, if no such mo-
tion is to be made in regard to the amnesty
bill, that goes, it is a House bill unamended,
it becomes a law, it passes entirely beyond our
reach, and in the mean time the Senator objects
to having this motion to reconsider taken up or ■
considered. Ifat any time hereafter, in the Sen-
ator's presence or in his absence, anybody shall
be found an enemy of the civil rights bill to call
up this motion to reconsider this bill, I am
afraid the Senator will see no civil rights bill,
good, bad, or indifferent, during the residue
of this session. Therefore, if the bill which
we have passed is so inadequate that it is
worse than nothing, if civil righfe as to all
public conveyances, as to inns, as to all
places of amusement, as to cemeteries, as to
churches, and all that, are of no avail what-
ever, because a majority of the Senate was
found to vote out the jury clause and the
school clause, then the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is quite safe, and I am quite safe, in
so voting now as to deprive ourselves ulti-
mately of the civil rights bill which we have
passed. But I submit to the Senator, if, on
the contrary, this bill is worth something, it
ought to go, inasmuch as his two propositions
about the jury and about schools can stand
by themselves as well as they can in this bill,
whether he had not, better try them hereafter
by themselves ; in other words, whether he
had not better hold on to as much as he has,
inasmuch as he can command just as many
votes in a separate bill for the jury clause and
for the school clause as he can here.
With one other suggestion I have done.
The bill we passed is a Senate bill. It is
therefore no better nor no worse than anoiher
bill which the Senator may introduce and
carry, if he can, on the school question and
the jury question, uo more advanced. It is
not a House bill. If it is amended, that
amendment will be no more advanced and no
more likely to become a law than if he adopts
it in a separate bill. I only want to suggest
to the Senator from Massachusetts that it is
not worth while for him or for me to fall be-
tween two stools. We have the power to vole
down or to carry the motion to reconsider, i
am told. Very likely; but if it is left hang-
ing, and if at sometime hereafter, on the sug-
gestion of some enemy of the bill, it is called
up and the bill shall be reconsidered, and
civil rights shall go by the board, it would
certainly be not what those of us intended
who struggled here for two or three hours this
morning to insist that the civil rights bill
should be considered before we would even
allow a vote to be taken on the amnesty bill.
