1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
the territory of the United States and the
British possessions, from the Lake of the W oods
to the Rooky mountains; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
REPORT 01? THE BUREAU OF STATISTICS.
Mr. PENDLETON", from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved hy the Hour? of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That five thousand extra copies of
the report of the Bureau of Statistics on the subject
of emigration, with the accompanying papers, be
printed, two thousand copies for the use of tho
House, one thousand copies for tho use of the Sen-
ate, one thousand copies bound iu paper covers for
the use of the Treasury Department, and one thou-
sand copies for distribution in Europe by the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BANKS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of considering the appropriation bills reported
the other day from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. BANKS. I hope not.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
motion of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] will take precedence of the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
Mr. MAYNARD. If wc are to go into
Committee of the Whole, unless there is some
special reason for considering the Private Cal-
endar, it appears to me that we had better
consider the appropriation bills reported from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs,-as there is
a special reason for their immediate consider-
ation.
Mr. POLAND. I believe there is but one
bill on the Private Calendar, and that can soon
be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The question will first,
be taken upon going into Committee, of t&e
Whole on the Private Calendar.
The question being taken, the motion was
agreed to—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Shanks in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Private Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. There is but one bill
on the Private Calendar, which the Clerk will
proceed to report to the committee.
CLAI3I 01' Wir.LIAM P. PRESTON.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill (H. R.
No. 284) to pay William P. Preston the sum
therein mentioned. It provides for paying to 1
him the sum of $1,437 93 for his expenses in j
contesting the seat of J. W. Harris, of Mary- |
land, in the Thirty-Sixth Congress. j
Mr. MAYNARD. If there is a report in i
this case, I would like to hear it. :
Mr. POLAND. This bill was reported |
unanimously by the Committee of Elections
at the first session of this Congress; and as I was
then a member of that committee and reported
the bill, I have been requested by the chair-
man of the committee to state in substance
the facte upon which the bill is based.
Mr. Preston, in whose favor this bill is
drawn, was a contestant for a seat in the
Thirty-Sixth Congress. His case was heard
by the Committee of Elections along with a
large number of similar cases iu that Con-
gress, and the committee reported the follow-
ing resolution:
"Resolved, Thatsuoh expenses as the Committee
on Accounts of the House shall find to have been
actually and necessarily incurred in the prosecution
or defense of the several election oases from the
States of Michigan, Kentucky, Missouri, New York,
Maryland, and the Territory of Nebraska during
the present Congress, shall be allowed and paid out
of the miscellaneous items appropriation for con-
tingent expenditures of the House."
That resolution, which was reported by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
was adopted, and the motion to reconsider was
laid on the table. About that time Mr. Pres-
ton received a very severe injury, which dis-
abled him for a long period from attending to
business; so that his claim for his expenses
was not presented to the Committee on Ac-
counts at that session of Congress. It was not
presented to the committee until the Fortieth
Congress. A petition from him setting forth
the facts I have stated was then presented by
him, and was referred to the Committee on
Accounts, which reported in favor of allowing
him the sum now named in this bill, $1,437.
The committee arrived at this result by making
an average of the amounts allowed to various
contestants from the several States named in
the resolution, some of them receiving larger
amounts than this and some smaller.
After the Committee on Accounts had re-
ported to the House, the subject was referred
by a vote of the House to the Committee of
Claims. That committee examined the ques-
tion, and agreed to report iu favor of allowing
the sum of $2,400. That proposition when
brought into the House was referred at the
first session of this Congress to the Committee
of Elections. That committee not having any
data before them—having no means of exam-
ining the claim except by going back and re-
ferring to the documents that had been before
the Committee of Elections in the first instance,
found by such examination that it wat> a very
voluminous contested- election ease, much more
so than any of the others that were acted upon
by the Committee of Elections in that Con-
gress. We decided to adopt the rule that had
been adopted by the Committee on Accounts
when this matter was before them, and re
ported in favor of allowing the sum of $1,437,
which is an average of the amounts allowed to
the contestants named in the resolution passed
by this House in the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. ARCHER. 1 move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House, with
a recommendation that it pass.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose: and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Shanks
reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar, having had under
consideration the bill (H. R. No. "284) to pay
William P. Preston the sum therein men-
tioned, had directed it to be reported back
with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, in con-
sidering claims against t.he Government (and
this is in the nature of a claim) we have since
the war uniformly inquired into the status of
the claimant during the war. Is the gentle-
man from Vermont prepared to tell us whether
this claimant was loyal to the Government
during the war ?
Mr. POLAND. I know nothing in relation
to this gentleman personally. I presume that
some of the gentlemen who represent the State
of Maryland can answer the inquiry.
Mr. ARCHER. I can answer it. Mr. Pres-
ton resides in my district; and I can state that
all through the war he was peaceable and well
disposed toward the Government.
On ordering the bill to be eugrossed for a
third reading, there were—ayes 08, noes 24;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. Is a further count insisted
upon?
Mr. SNAPP. Yes, sir; I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Snapp and
Mr. PoIjAXO were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes one hundred and twelve, noes not
counted.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BANKS. I move the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of considering the ap-
propriation bills reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs in execution of the treaty
of Washington.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wheeler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first question be-
fore the committee is a bill making appropria-
tions for expenses that may be incurred under
articles one to nine, inclusive, of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
concluded at Washington May 8, 1871, which
will be read for amend meni
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the sum of $250,000 is hereby appro-
priated. out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Presi-
dent to fulfill the stipulations contained in the
first, second, third, fouith, fifth, sixth, seventh,
eighth, and ninth articles of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, signed on
the Sth day of May, 1871. in relation to the tri-
bunal of arbitration at Geneva. The second
section provides that the sum hereby appro-
priated. or so much thereof as maybe neces-
sary, shall be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of State, with tho approval of
the President of the United States.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, several gen-
tlemen of the House have expressed a desire
to debate the general question of the treaty of
Washington on some other of its provisions.
This is a bill providing an appropriation for
the commission now in session at Geneva, in
Switzerland. The subject referred to that
commission or tribunal of arbitration is the
measure of damages this country has a right
to claim on account of acts committed by the
several vessels which have given rise to what,
are generally known as "the Alabama claims."
The Committee on Foreign Affairs desires to
give to the lionse the fullest opportunity to
discuss the merits of the treaty on othef pro-
visions than those for which this appropriation
is intended if it be desired. Bat inasmuch as
this is for the appropriation of money to en-
able the officers of the Government already
appointed on this tribunal of arbitration to
perform their duty, it is to be hoped the time
of the House will not be consumed indiseuss-
iug the merits of the treaty at this time, but
that members will wait until the bill covering
the other provisions is presented. It is not
proposed, I understand, nor do the members
of the committee propose to enter into any
such discussion on this bill.
The tribunal of arbitration consists of five
members. It is in session already at Geneva,
as we are informed by the public prints. It
consists of one member named by the Presi-
dent of the United States, who has appointed
Charles Francis Adams : one by her Britannic
Majesty, Right Honorable Sir Alexander Cock-
burn, baronet; one by the king of Ttaiv, Sen-
ator Count Sclopis; one by the president of
the Swiss Confederation, Mr. Jacob Siaempfle,
and one by the emperor of Brazil, Baron de
Itajuba. Mr. J. C. Bancroft Davis has been
appointed the agent of the United States, and
Lord Tenterden by Great Bri tain. Caleb Oush-
ing, of Massachusetts, William M. Evarts, of
New York, and Morrison R. Waite, of Ohio,
have been appointed counsel for the United
States, and Sir Roundel! Palmer, counsel for
