194:8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 25,
consul at Brindisi, Italy, from $2,500 to
$1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
one hundred and ninety-five and one hundred
and ninety-six, as follows:
Papal dominions:
Borne, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and ninety-nine:
Barbary States:
Tripoli, $3,01)0; Tunis, $3,000; Tangier, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order now to make
'& motion to amend the original bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order as soon as the amendments of the com-
mittee are disposed of.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and ten, to increase the salary of the
consul at Foochow, China, from $3,500 to
$4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and twelve, to increase the salary of the
consul at Hankow, China, from $3,500 to
$4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and sixteen, to increase the salary of
the consul at Honolulu, Hawaiian Islands,
from $4,000 to $5,000, and also to strike out
the consulate at "Labaina, $8,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line two
hundred and seventeen, to insert:
Madagascar:
Tamatave, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line two
hundred and twenty-six, to insert:
Muscat:
Zanzibar, $1,000.
Stain:
Bangkok, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on schedule C,
page 12, after line thirty-two, to insert in
the consulates for Mexico "San Fernando,
$1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I suggest that we act on
all the amendments in the next section to-
gether. They are really and substantially one
amendment.
The next amendments of the committee
were on page 18, section three, line five, after
the word " Havana," to insert the words "a
sum not exceeding the rate of $3,000 for any
one year, and to the consuls general of ; " in
line eight, alter the word "exceeding" to in-
sert the words " the rate of; " m line nine to
strike out the word "in" and insert the word
"for;" in line ten to strike out the word
"Havre," and after tbe word " Lyons" to in-
sert the words "and," and after the word
" Manchester " to strike out the words " and
Marseilles;" in line eleven, after the word
"exceeding," to insert the words "the rate
of;" in line twelve to strike out the word
"in" and insert the word "for;" in line
fourteen, after the word "Bradford," to insert
the words "Havre, Marseilles, Fayal, Nurem-
berg ; " in line fifteen, aftertbe word " exceed-
ing," to insert the words " the rate of;" in
line sixteen to strike out the word "in" and
insert the word " for ; "in line nineteen, after
the word " Stuttgart," to insert "Tunstall,"
and afier the word " exceeding " to insert the
words " the rate of; " in line twenty to strike
out the word " in '' and insert the word "for ; "
in line twenty-one to strike out the words
" fixed salaries " and insert " salary or other
compensation; " so that the section will read :
Sec. 3. That the following words are hereby added
to said section three at the close'thereof; that is to
say, that there shall he allowed forthe hire of clerks.
when actually expended.therefor, as follows: to
the consuls general at Havana, a sum not exceed-
ing the rate of $3 000 for any one year, and to tbe
consuls general of London, Paris, and Shanghai, and
to the consul at Liverpool, each a sum not exceed-
ing the rate of $2,000 for any one year; to the consuls
at Bordeaux, Hamburg, Leipsic, Lyons, and Man-
chester, ea.eh a sutn not exceeding fhe rate of $1,500
for any one year; to the consuls general at Berlin
and Vienna, and the consuls atBirmrngham, Brad-
ford, Havre, Marseilles, J?ayal, Nuremberg, and
Sheffield, each a sum not exceeding the rate of $1,000
for any one year; and to the consuls general at
Beirut and Montreal each, and to the consuls at
Belfast, Chemnitz, He«se-Darmsr adt, Leith, Naples,
Panama, Sonneberg, Stuttgart, Tunstall, and Dres-
den, a sum not exceeding the rate of $500 lor any
one year. And no salary or other compensation
shall be paid to consuls general or consuls of the
United States except a« herein specified, anything
to the contrary heretofore enacted notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 4. That the consul general of Constantinople
shall henceforth be also secretary of legation to
Turkey, with the salary above mentioned, of $3,000
a year; and that the minister resident to Greece
shall be minister resident and consul general to
Greece, and his salary shall be that heretofore fixed
for minister resident, namely, $7,500; and that the
salary of the dragoman or interpreter to the lega-
tion to Turkey shall be $3,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know but that it-
may be proper for me to state here that the
Committee on Appropriations are considering
House bill No. 1323, making appropriations
for the consular ana diplomatic expenses of
tbe Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, and have agreed
to a provision of this kind:
For salary of the interpreter of the United States
embassy and consulate general in Turkey, $3,000;
and from and after the passage of this act the duties
of the secretary of legation shall be performed by
the consul general at Constantinople.
In another part of the bill, in which an
appropriation was made for interpreter at
China, Japan, Siarn, and Turkey, they have
agreed to strike out the words "and Turkey."
The view of the committee was that inasmuch
as the House bill had provided that after the
passage of the act the duties of secretary of
legation should be performed by the consul
general at Constantinople, and the embassy
required an interpreter and. the consul general
required an interpreter, the duties of the inter-
preter for each ot these branches of the service
might be imposed upon the same individual.
Therefore, if that bill is agreed to by the Sen-
ate as reported from the Committee on Appro-
priations, it will be inconsistent with the pro-
vision proposed in this section, inasmuch as
this section supposes that the present system
will continue and that we shall have two inter-
preters at Constantinople, one at the embassy
and the other at the consulate general. I only
state this that the Senate may understand that
the Committee on Appropriations have agreed
upon this action. If the Senate adopt this sec-
tion, of course the Committee on Appropria-
tions will be bound by it and will be compelled
to alter the action they have already taken on
the amendment they have agreed to report to
the consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SPENCER. This section was drafted
at the State Department and sent to the Com-*
mittee on Commerce by the Department.
myself know nothing about the necessity of;
that office, but presume there is necessity for;
it or the section would not have been sent to i
us from the Department.
Mr. SAWYER. If tbe Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, the necessity for the office
of interpreter at the embassy is recognized, of
course. It is also recognized that there is a
necessity for an interpreter at the consulate;
but inasmuch as the consul general has been
made secretary of legation, and as the consul
general had au interpreter to the consulate
before, it would seem, inasmuch as he is to
be secretary of legation, that that interpreter
could be interpreter to the embassy. The bill
reported by the Committee on Commerce pro
poses two interpreters these at a salary of
$3,000 each. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill proposes but one
interpreter for both the consulate and the em-
bassy, at the single salary of $3,000, and tbe
bill of the Committee on Commerce proposes
that the consul general for Constantinopleshall
be secretary of legation to the embassy.
Mr. SPENCER. I see no objection to
striking out the last sentence of this section
under the explanation of the Senator from
South Carolina. I will venture to speak for
tbe committee and say that the last sentence
can be stricken out.
Mr. PAT I'ERSON. What is that?
Mr. SPENCER. "And that the salary of
the dragoman or interpreter to the legation to
Turkey shall be $3,000."
Mr. SAWYER. That is unnecessary, in-
asmuch as we have provided a salary for the
interpreter to the consul general and the con-
sul general is to be secretary of legation to the
embassy. I therefore move that amendment,
to strike out in the seventh, eighth, and ninth
lines the words "and that the salary of the
dragoman or interpreter to the legation to
Turkey shall be $3,000."
Mr. SPENCER. The committee are will-
ing to accept that amendment
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four of
the bill, line sis, to strikeout the word '"sum"
and insert the word "rate;" in line nine to
strike out the word '' sum'' and insert the word
"rate:" in line eleven, after tlie word "ex-
ceeding," to insert the words "the rate of;"
in line twelve to strike out "in" and insert
"for;" and in line thirteen, after the word
"Japan," to insert the word "respectively;"
so that the section will read:
That section six of the said act is hereby amended
so as to read as follows: "Suc.fi. That the President
shall be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint inter-
preters to the consulates of Shanghai, Tien-Tsm,
Foochow, and Kanagawa, and to allow them salaries
not to exceed in either case the rate of $2,0JO a year ;
and to appoint interpreters to the consulates at
Hankow, Ainoy, and Canton, including Hong-Kong,
and to allow them salaries not to exceed, in either
case, the rate of $750 a year ; and also to allow, at
his discretion, a sum not exceeding the rate of $500
for any one year to any one consulate in China or
Japan respectively, not herein named, for cost of
interpretation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifth section of the bill, in the following words :
Sec. 5 That section two of the act entitled "An
aot making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30t.h of June, 1865, and for other
purposes, ' passed June 20,186*1, is hereby repealed.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee, Or the Senator
from Alabama, what is the reason for striking
out that section ?
_ Mr. SPENCER. The reason that section
is stricken out is because the Department
recommend it. The Secretary of State writes
as follows:
. "The Department is much impressed with the
importance of retaining the section of the act of i
June 20, 1864, which the Senate bill proposes to •
repeal, and which provides for the employment of ',
tnn teen consular clerks. The Department respect-
luliy reQuests that the section proposing th© repeal
may be stricken out from Senate bill 472."
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether we have not provided for
these clerks in section three of this bill ?
Mr. SPENCER. Not for these thirteen
consular clerks.
Mr. SAWYER. Then section three we
understand to be in addition to the clerical
force of the consulates. If that be so, I think
that is a question that requires some consider-
ation.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- -
tion is on the amendment striking out the fifth
section of the bill.
Th© amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
amendments of the committee.
J. he bill is open to further amendments.
