2844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the first part, which
is a mere change of phraseology, be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the first part of the amendment
will be declared adopted, and the question
will recur on inserting the last proviso in the
following words :
Provided further. That the number of hours con-
stituting a day's work shall be the same as shall be
usual and customary in private employments in the
vicinity of such navy-yard.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the pro-
viso by striking out all after the word "pro-
vided" and inserting:
That there shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
commission of five persons, who shall be selected
from civil life, solely with reference to their charac-
ter and capacity for a thorough and impartial invest-
igation, and of whom at least two shall be practi-
cally identified with the laboring interests of the
country, and who shall hold office for the period of
two years from the date of their appointment, unless
thoir duties shall have been sooner accomplished,
who shall investigate the subject of the wages and
hours of labor, and of the division of the joint profits
of labor and capital between the laborer and the
capitalist, and the social, educational, and sanitary
oondition of the laboring people of the United States,
and how the same are alfected by existing laws regu-
lating eommeroo, finance, and currency; and the
said commissioners shall receive an annual salary
of f3,000 each, shall be authorized to employ a clerk
at an annual salary of 82,000, and shall report the
result of their investigation to the President, to be
by him transmitted to Congress.
I will state, Mr. President, very briefly what
is proposed. Here is a provision from the
Committee on Appropriations practically re-
pealing the eight-hour law. Instead of repeal-
ing that act, I propose to carry out what was
voted in the House of Representatives—a
labor commission. I propose to make that
commission consist of five persons, two of
whom shall be connected with the laboiing
interests of the country, and give them two
years' time, and instead of giving them $5,000
salary, as was proposed by the House, to give
them $3,000; to give them a clerk with a sal-
ary of $2,000 instead of $1,400, because the
clerk should be a very competent man.
I do not think the country is ready or that
Congress should be ready to repeal the eight-
hour law. It is an experiment, and I think it
should be fairly tested. Now, it seems to me
that if we appoint a commission connected
with labor who will thoroughly investigate all
questions in relation to the laboring interests
of the country and the effects of any line of
policy, and put good men upon such a com-
mission, we shall have reported to us an
exhaustive and learned statement of the con-
dition of the laboring interests that will be a
guide-book to us in future legislation and will
be of inestimable value to the country. It
will depend, of course, very much upon the
character of the commission appointed. They
ought to have full power to make a thorough
investigation. If that is done, I think we
shall have laid before us a work such as we
have few of in this country and a work such
as in England and some other parts of the
world is considered of great value.
Mr. COLE rose.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will consent to strike out the provision
repealing the eight-hour law, I will not press
this amendment now; but as the commission
bill is pending before the Senate and the com-
mittee that had it in charge have made a report
in favor of it, I shall be willing to run the
chance of calling it up at some other time. If,
however, the proposition to repeal the eight-
hour law is pressed, all I have to say about it
is, that instead of repealing that act, I think
we should have the commission to investigate
what has been its workings and have the
result before us.
• Mr. COLE. I rose to make a point of order
against this amendment. It contains a new
item of appropriation.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a word, before
that point is taken, in opposition to the sug
gestion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment is a bill reported from the
Committee on Education and Labor, and one
in favor of which I am, of course; but I do not
want the passage of that bill complicated by
any connection with a motion to strike out or
to reestablish or to continue the eight-hour
law. That bill, I have no doubt, will pass by
itself without much opposition in the Senate,
but if it is undertaken to antagonize it with
any proposition in reference to the continuance
or discontinuance of the statute in relation to
the eight-hour law, I think it will probably
fail. I trust, therefore, that the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his amendment,
and let us act upon the proposition of the
Committee on Appropriations in this bill in
reference to the eight hour law, by itself.
Mr. COLE. I understand that hill moved
by the Senator from Massachusetts as an
amendment has passed the House and is here
now.
"Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir, it has passed the
House and been favorably reported upon by
the Committee on Education and Labor of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will please state his point of
order.
Mr. COLE. That this proposed amend-
ment contains a new item of appropriation,
and no notice of its introduction beforehand
has been given, and that it has not been re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILSON. It makes no appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the
opinion of the Chaii the point of order is well
taken.
Mr. MORTON, (to Mr. Wilson.) Strike
out the appropriation.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I will modify
it by striking out the appropriation. I have
no desire to press this amendment on this
measure if the Committee on Appropriations
will consent to withdraw their amendment
repealing the eight-hour law; but I do not
wish that act to be repealed until we have had
an investigation on the subject.
Now, that committee proposes general legis-
lation, a repeal of an existing law; but if they
will abandon that, then certainly I would be
willing to let this amendment he over and take
up the bill from the Committee on Education
and Labor, in regard to which I agree with the
chairman, [Mr. Sawyer.] But Ido think this
committee ought to withdraw their amend-
ment now, because if we are to have that
commission, it does seem to me the eight-hour
law and its workings is just one of the things
for it to investigate. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, that
he withdraw this amendment and let us go on
and as soon as we can get an opportunity pass
the bill for the commission and have a good
commission appointed, and I think it will be
of inestimable value to this counUy and to the
legislation of the country in the years that are
to come. I ask tho Senator from California
to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I have no authority to with-
draw it.
Mr. WILSON. Then let us divide the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it lie on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot do that. It
is in the bill. It is incorporated in it.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if the motion is not
in order to lay it on the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me it is in order
to move to lay the amendment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho pending
motion is to amend the amendment of the com-
mittee by striking out and inserting, It would
be in order to move to lay that on the table.
Mr. WILSON. For the purpose of having
a vote to lay the original amendment on the
table, or with the understanding that it shall be
rejected, I withdraw my amendmentto it. What
I want to do is to get this provision out of the
bill, and we shall do that, I think, now after
the expressions which have been made. There-
fore I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. COLE. I shall make no opposition to
the rejection of this amendment of the com-
mittee for the time being.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Stjmxer] will withdraw his
motion to lay on the table. There is a good
deal of force in what the Senator from Massa-
chusetts nearest me [Mr. Wilson] has stated
as to the investigation into the value of this
eight-hour experiment; and it will do no very
great harm if it goes on another year or so, if
Congress should not sooner repeal it; and,
therefore, I rather think the wisest way is to
disagree to this part of the amendment of the
committee for the time being ; and if, on recon-
sideration in a full Senate, it should be thought
best not to disagree to it, it will still be open to
be offered, and then the same question can be
raised again. Let it go outforthe time being.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, inserting the proviso which
has been read.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines one hundred and
seventy, one hundred and seventy-one, and
one hundred and seventy two in the appropri-
ations for the Bureau of Ordnance, to strike
out the words which shall include one store-
clerk of ordnance at the Philadelphia navy-
yard, at the salary of $1,100;" so as to make
the clause read:
Civil establishment:
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishment of the several navy-yards under this
bureau, $15,000.
Mr. SCOTT. I prefer that should not be
adopted. 1 understand the item was inserted
in the House after a full hearing to correct
what I am informed was an etror for several
years in reference to that clerk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am aware that my
friend is quite accurately iniormed ; but I
hope he will not divide the Senate now. If it
turns out on investigation to be right, it cau
be settled in conference by onr receding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment striking out the words.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out, in lines three
hundred and thirty and three hundred and
thirty-one, the words " which shall be paid out
ofthe income from the naval pension fund so
as to make the clause read:
For the naval asylum at Philadelphia:
For support of the institution, 516,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading ofthe
bill. The folic,wing paragraph having been read:
For contingent expenses ofthe Bureau of Yards and
Docks, namely: For ft eight and transportation of
materials and stores; printing, stationery, and ad-
vertising, including the commandant's office: books,
models, maps, and drawings ; purchase and repair
of fire-engines ; machinery and patent-rights to use
the same ; repairs on steam-engines, and attend-
ance on the same; purchase and maintenance of
oxen and horses, and driving teams, carts, and tim-
ber-wheels for navy-yaid purposes, and tools and
repairs of same; postnge on letters on public ser-
vice and telegrams; furniture for Government houses
and offices in the navy-yards; coal and other fuel;
candles, oil, and gas; cleaning and clearing up yard,
and care of buildings; attendance on fires ; lights;
fire-engines and apparatus; incidental labor at
navy-yards; water-tax, and for toll and ferriages:
pay of the watchmen in the navy-yards; and for
flags, awnings, and packing-boxes, $900,000.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. I would like
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, or some member of the com-
mittee, whether this is a larger appropriation
than was made last year?
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs and for his dis-
tinguished associates I answer that it is not.
