3740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
reconsider the original civil rights bill because
it did not contain all that this bill contains.
Now, Mr. President, I do not consider that I
am false to the colored people because I am
willing to take for them all that this Congress
will give. On the other hand, it seems to me
we are doing a good work to get all we can. I f
we allow these bills to stand, another vote
of the Senate may embrace the two subjects
which have been excluded from this bill, and
which in the Senator's opinion have " emas-
culated" it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have a
reply to the Senator from South Carolina. He
says that the emasculation took place by a
majority of two votes—two votes only in a thin
Senate 1 And now I ask, to save the equal
rights of the colored race, I ask the vote and
influence of that Senator to secure another
opportunity for consideration in a full Senate,
trusting that instead of two votes against those
equal rights there will be a majority in their
favor ; and the Senator refuses the opportun-
ity. He says he has already voted, and this
sacrifice was made by two majority. He sticks
to the sacrifice, and will not allow an oppor-
tunity for reconsideration.
But that is not all, and now I put the point
to the Senator. He represents a large col-
ored constituency, and I had supposed, I had
been induced to believe, that he was really in
favor of their equal rights. Perhaps I have
been mistaken, but I have always understood
that he was willing to require the recognition
of their equal rights hand in hand with am-
nesty. Am I not right? Has not the Sen-
ator declared his willingness, nay, bis desire,
that the recognition of the two should go to-
gether? Sir, I give him that credit. I so
understand. He has so declared, and has so
insisted on this floor. Now, sir, he pushes
amnesty forward and leaves the equal rights
- of the colored race to the uncertain issue of a
bill which has never yet passed the doors of
the other House. Is that letting these meas-
ures go hand in hand? Is that treating his
eolored fellow-citizens as he treats those once
rebels?
I have no desire to criticise; I do not speak
in any critical spirit; but I do defend a much
oppressed people, and I appeal to the Senator
who represents them in such large numbers to
withhold his sanction from the sacrifice. I
ask him to allow another opportunity that
their equal rights may be secured, and I appeal
to him—oh, sir, I wish that 1 had more power
than I have—from the bottom of my heart do
I appeal to that Senator, not to allow amnesty
to become a law without at least a sincere,
serious, and earnest effort to place equal rights
by its side.
Sir, I make the appeal. I appeal to that
Senator to arrest the amnesty measure until
equal rights are secure. The Senator must
not say that they are secured now. Nothing
of that. The Senate bill is all he offers to
them. To the others he offers a law. When the
two are on an equality, then will the Senator
be justified in his course, but not till then.
Not till then will his vote be otherwise than
a sacrifice of the colored race.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President  
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. As we have agreed to meet at three
o'clock, I suggest that we take the vote on
this reconsideration at four o'clock, when we
can have a full Senate and test the sense of
the body and then adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. Without debate.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose anybody
desi es to debate.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall object to any ar-
rangement that prevents my replying for a few
moments to the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.j
Mr. President, this is not the first time when
on this floor an appeal to my constituents has
been made by the Senator from Massachusetts
against me. This is not the first time, nor the
fifth, that that Senator has assumed here to
hold the whip of his disfavor over my head,
and menaced me with the disapprobation of
the colored people of this country. Now, let
me tell that Senator, that illustrious as is his
record, important as his movements in favor
of equal rights have been in this country, dis-
tinguished as he is in this Chamber, in the
nation, and in the world, his position gives him
no right to crack the whip of his arrogance
over the humblest Senator who sits here. And
yet the Senator from Massachusetts loses no
opportunity to charge upon his fellows here a
betrayal of the rights of their fellow-citizens
unless they consent to follow in a path which
they know leads only to a defeat of any meas-
ure calculated to secure those rights.
The honorable Senator stood here for years
in almost a hopeless minority. He stood up
bravely for the rights of man. The arrogance
and tyranny of the spirit of slavery brought
all their force upon him, yet he constantly,
faithfully, and honorably represented not only
the people who sent him here, but the interests
of human liberty. A revolution has placed
him in the majority; his opinions and princi-
ples have triumphed ; all the obstacles which
opposed him have been overcome. I would
that I could believe he had imbibed in that
struggle none of the tyrannical and arrogant
spirit which governed those who once uttered
their voices in this Chamber against him.
But, Mr. President, his course this winter,
his course this night, forbids us to hope
that his triumph over his old foes has not left
in his own constitution something of that
overbearing temper in matters of opinion from
which he in his early history in this Chamber
suffered so much.
I would that in his zeal for the rights of his
colored fellow-citizens—a zeal in which he is
not alone—he were also zealous for the righls
of those who are associated with him in this
Chamber.
Mr. President, the fact is, and the Senator
ought to know it, that the moment he links his
civil rights proposition with the amnesty prop-
osition, they are both defeated. I say he ought
to know that defeat is the natural result of such
action, and he must be presumed to intend
the natural consequences of his acts. He
must be presumed, I say, to intend the nat-
ural consequences of his acts. The experience
of two attempts in the Senate to pass the am-
nesty bill with the civil rights bill shows that
it is an impracticable scheme, unworthy a mo-
ment's serious consideration by a friend of
either bill; and yet the Senator says he would
have these measures go hand in hand. I say
too I would have them go hand in hand, but I
would not have them go in manacles so that
they are not only powerless to assist each other,
but positively retard each other's progress.
We have kept them separate. They have both
passed this body. We have done our duty by
both, so far as the temper of the Senate will
allow. That the civil rights bill is not all I
would have it, is not all the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would have it, is certainly not the
fault of those who have been robbed'of their
needed rest and stayed here for nearly twenty-
four consecutive hours in the interest of civil
rights.
We agreed here to-night, and I voted for
that proposition, to take up the civil rights
bill first. We resisted all endeavors to place
the amnesty bill first. I myself voted to insist
upon the civil rights bill offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. The Senate over-
ruled us by a vote of 22 to 20. If the Senate
had been full, had every Senator been in his
place, the result might have been different.
1 ask the Senator from Massachusetts if, de-
sirous of securing all he could to the eolored
citizens of this country as security for their
equal rights, he would have voted to throw
away the half loaf the Senate chose to give !
because he could not at that moment get the
whole? I say to that Senator, in answer to his
appeal to- stand up here and give him one
more chance for equal rights to the colored
people, that I am as ready as he ia to give one
more chance.
Mr.' SUMNER. Very well, then, do it.
Mr. SAWYER. That I am ready to vote
for covering the omitted parts of his bill at
anytime he will introduce it. More than that,
if when we come to pass upon this pending
question it shall be decided to reconsider the
bill we have passed to-night, I shall vote as I
did before to make his bill a law rather than
the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin. I
have voted with him all the time when I could
do any good by so voting. Whenever I have
failed to vote with him it has been because he
has proposed a course which was. not only
injurious but probably fatal to the object in
view. I cannot vote with him to reconsider a
vote whereby we have secured a considerable
share of the benefits we hoped to obtain by the
passage of the Senator's own bill. I prefer to
hold fast to what we have, and stand ready
to take another step forward whenever the
way is open. This is common sense. This
is the way all the rights our colored citizens
have obtained in the past have been won.
The experience of the Senate and the coun-
try shows this to be wise; and when the Sen-
ator gets up here and, singling out one of all
the Senators who as earnestly as the Senator
himself desire to secure equal rights for all
our fellow-citizens, cracks the whip of his
wrath over the head of one of the humblest
Senators here, in substance appealing to his
constituents to denounce and disapprove his
conduct, he forgets the dignity due to his posi-
tion, dishonors the laurels which he has won
in a glorious cause, and prostitutes his powers
to purposes unworthy his cause and his fame.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hope the
Senator wilt let me 
Mr. THURMAN. No; I will not. I will
not let a Senator who has spent his hours in
bed last night prolong a debate over the heads
of Senators who have stood here for twenty-
lour hours and more, if I can help it. I do not
understand this thing which we have seen here
repeated again and again. The Senator from
Massachusetts has got into a habit, instead
of addressing the President, of addressing par-
ticular Senators, making appeals to them, and
lecturing them upon their duty, and my friend
from South Carolina is so unfortunate that he
always thinks that he has to apologize and
explain to the lecturer what is the course of
his conduct and what were his motives and
the like. We have had that over again five
or six times in the Senate this very session,
ar.d, in my judgment, it is time there was an
end of it.
Here the Senate voted on these measures.
If the Senator from Massachusetts was so anx-
ious about the rights of the colored men why
was he not here to defend their rights? Now
he can introduce another bill if he wants to.
If he thinks there is anything which has been
omitted that ought not to have been omitted,
he can make that the subject of a separate bill.
I ask now that we may come to a vote on these
propositions that are before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the floor
now, which the Senator from Ohio seemed to
give notice that I should not have, and now
allow me to say to the Senator from South Car-
olina, that I certainly have no desire for any
personal controversy with him. I make no per-
sonal controversies. lie shall not answer me
by saying that 1 seek to hold over him auy whip.
Mr. SAWYER. It is the universal judg-
ment of the country.
Mr. SUMNER. I say the Senator shall
not answer me in that way ; he shall not use
a phrase: I asked him for votes. I asked
him by his vote to give an opportunity for
