156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
Great Britain. The majority of arbitrators
are to decide all questions, their decision to be
final. The ease of this Government is to be
presented on the 17th of this month, six months
from the day when the ratifications of the treaty
were exchanged. The counter case, or an-
swer of the United States and England, is to
be presented within four months of that time.
Any documents cited must be produced in full,
if desired. Arguments in counter cases are
to be delivered within two months. Decisions
are to be made, if possible, within three months
of the close of the argument, so that we may
expect the final decisions of this tribunal within
a year or fifteen months of the ratification of
the treaty.
The Secretary of State estimates the expenses
of the commission at about two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars. All expenses of the
commission, including contingent expenses,
are to be paid out of the awards, the deduction
not to exceed five per cent. The expenses of the
commission, therefore, it will be perceived,
will ultimately be reimbursed by the awards to
be returned by this tribunal. I believe every
tribunal of arbitration, so far as 1 know, has
always had sagacity enough to report sufficient
awards to pay its own expenses. And inas-
much as this tribunal of arbitration is com-
posed of men of high character, and the coun-
sel who represent the interests of the two Gov
ernments are men of great experience in the
legal profession and of great capacity other-
wise, there is scarcely a possible doubt that
there will be sufficient awards agreed upon to
reimburse the expenses of the commission, at
ail events, whatever else may happen.
I am not able to state iu detail the general
subjects of expenditure to which the appropri-
ation will be applied if it shall be grained. I
may say, however, that the Secretary of State
gave the details to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs at a meeting, a very full meeting of the
committee, only one member being absent,
and I believe it was entirely satisfactory to the
members of the committee.
The general purposes of this appropriation
are as toliows : for the payment of the arbitra-
tor, tha agent, and the counsel appointed by
this Government, one half of the expenses that
may be incurred in the labors of the arbitra-
tion: for associate counsel, for procuring evi-
dence additional to that already obtained by
the Government, for clerical labor and for
messengers, and for the contingent expenses
of the tribunal. This, it is estimated, will re-
quire about two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. This is the only subject embraced in
the bill, and. inasmuch as we cannot, by any
possibility, give direction ho>v this money shall
be expended in detail, the second section of the
bijl authorizes the expenditure of the amount
of the appropriation under the genera! direc-
tion of the Secretary of State.
I believe that this is all that is necessary to
be said to justify the appropriation of the money
that is asked for this purpose until the dis-
cussion of the general merits of the treaty
shall be entered upon; and, unless some fur-
ther information is desired, I shall now move
that the bill be laid aside temporarily, to be
afterward reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in
order, there being another biil which has been
referred to the committee.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Baxks, it was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. The next bill is to make an
appropriation in connection with that part of
the treaty which refers to the American and
British claims commission. I move that the
committee take up for consideration that bill.
The motion was agreed to -. and the com-
mittee proceeded to consider the bill (H. It.
No. 180) making appropriations for expenses
incurred under articles twelve to sevemeeii,
inclusive, of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, concluded at Wash-
ington, May 8, 1871.
The bill was read. It proposes in the first
section to appropriate the sum of $62,225 out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to enable the President to fulfill
the stipulations of the twelfth, thirteenth, four-
teenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, and seventeenth
articles of the treaty between the United States
and Great Britain, signed on the 8th day of
May, 1871, in relation to the United States aud
British claims commission. The second sec-
tion provides that the sum hereby appropri-
ated, or so mnch thereof as may be necessary,
shall be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of State, with the approval of the
President.
Mr. BANKS. The appropriation called
for by this bill amounts to S62,225. The
United States aud British claims commission
is acting under articles twelve to seventeen,
inclusive, of the treaty. This commission has
under consideration all the claims presented
by American or British subjects under these
several articles, and all claims existing against
either Government, except those to which
reference has been made in articles one to
eleven of the treaty, inclusive, which will be
covered by the other appropriation which has
just been passed upon by toe committee.
The claims commission is composed as fol-
lows : The arbitrator is Count Corti, the
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary of Italy; the United States commis-
sioner is Judge James S. Fraser, the United
States agent is Judge Robert S. Hale, the
British commissioner is Right Hon. Russell
Gnrney, the British agent is Mr. Henry How-
ard, and the secretary to the commission is
Mr. T. C. Cox. The commission has been in
session since the 24th of September last, and
is still at work. So far, all the labors of the
commission have been without any pay what-
ever. About twenty-five thousand dollars has
beeu expended from the contingent fund at
the State Department for the payment of some
expenses of the officers appointed under the
oth§r articles relative to the Geneva tribunal.
Buf, I believe no money whatever has been
paid to the American or British claims com-
mission which has been in session since the
24th of September. This commission is to
expire at the end of two years. Its report is
to be final upon all subjects referred to it, and
the appropriation that is asked by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs is for the payment
of their current expenses for the year 1871-72.
It 13 of the same character as the appropria-
tion that has already been ordered by the com-
mittee. It is to be refunded from the awards
of the commission itself. All the expenses of
every character whatever that are incurred by
the United States will be reimbursed to the
Treasury of the United States from the awards
that may be reported and agreed on by this
commission, so that this is substantially an
advance only.
If no further information is desired, I move
that the committee rise and report the bills to
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee accordingly ro e; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair. Mr.
Wheelek reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Uniou had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. It. No.
487} making appropriations for expenses that
may be incurred under articles otic to nine,
inclusive, of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, concluded at Wash-
ington, May 8, 1871; and the bill (II. R.
No. 48'J) making appropria'ions for expenses
incurred under articles twelve to seventeen,
inclusive, of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, concluded at Wash-
ington, May 8, 1871; and had directed him to
report the same to the House, with tbo recom-
mendation that they do pass.
The bills were severally ordered io be
engrossed and read a third time : ami being
engrossed, tli6y were accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the bills were severally passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
ji Monday next.
11 The motion was agreed to.
j Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
j, by which the motion was agreed to; and also
ij moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
| on the table.
ij The latter motion was agreed to.
j | POBT OFFICE DEFICIENTIKS.
l! Mr. PALMER, from the Committee on Ap-
jj propriations, reported a bill (H. It. No. 025)
]| to supply a deficiency in the appropriations for
>| the salaries and contingent expenses of the
Post Office Department for the current fiscal
year; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PALMER. I a*k that the bill may be
considered in the House as in Committee of
the Whole.
No objection was made.
The bill was read. It appropriates the fol-
lowing sums to supply a deficiency caused by
the defalcation of F. A. McCartney, late dis-
bursing clerk, in the appropriation-; for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
present fiscal year: for salaries. 311.4*3 22:
for contingent expenses. $12,268 20.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask the gentleman from
Iowa whether Mr. McCartney did not give
bonds ?
Mr. PALMER. He did, to the amount of
SIO.OOO.
Mr. DAWES. Have his sureties been called
upon to make good the deficiency ?
Mr. PALMER. Proceedings have been com-
menced to recover the amount of the bond, and
also to recover from his property. The man
himself is dead, but he left someproperty, and
proceedings have beeu commenced lor the
purpose of getting, if possible, the money from
his estate.
The bill was ordered to be eugrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and alao moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, tat
two o'clock and fifty-live minutes p. m.j the
House adjourned until Monday.
petitions, mv.
The following petitions, ike., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BLFFINTON: The memorial of
Jesse Murdockand 2tj others, citi/.ensof Ware-
ham, Massachusetts, praying for the repeal of
the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. COB&itN : Tbo petition of Hon.
John Edwards, of Arkansas, asking leave to
amend his answer and for time to take
testimony.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of S. L.
Goodall, of Saco, Maine, asking a repeal of
the tax on savings banks
Also, tho^ petition of Caroline Uanimon, ol
Poland, Maine, for arrears of pension.
^ Also, the petition of Mary liragden and
Eliza Bragden, of Poland, Maine, for removal
of limitations in the act granting pensions to
dependent parents.
By Mr. McCRAItY: The petition of L. L.
O'Connor, iaie first lieutenant third United
States cavalry, praying to be restored to his
late rank or placed upon th" i fired list.
