1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2845
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines three hundred
and fifty and three hundred and fifty-one, to
strike out the word "of," and to insert "for
surgeons' necessaries for," and in line two
hundred and fifty-two to strike out the word
"fifty," and to insert " forty so as to make
the clause read:
For support of the medical department, for sur-
geons' necessaries for vessels in commission, navy-
yards, naval stations, Marine corps, and Coast
Survey, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines four hun-
dred and two and four hundred and three, to
reduce from $1,547,600 to $1,500,000 the
appropriation for "provisions for officers, sea-
men, and marines."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Bureau of Construction and
Repair, in line four hundred and fifty-three,
• to strike out the words "discharge of liabili-
ties;" so as to make the clause read:
For preservation of vessels on the stocks and in
ordinary; purchase of materials and stores of all
kinds; labor in navy-yards and on foreign stations ;
preservation of materials; purchase of tools; wear,
tear, and repair of vessels afloat, and general main-
tenance of the Navy; incidental expenses, adver-
tising, and foreign postages, $3,300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines four bun
dred and fifty-six and four hundred and fifty-
seven, to strike out the words "pay of the
timber agent and for prosecution of depreda-
tors," andinsert "protection of timber lands;"
so as to make the clause read " for protection
of timber lands, $5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments were in the clause
making appropriations for the payment of the
salaries of the professors and officers of the
Naval Academy, to strike out in line five hun-
dred and sixty-three the words " clerk to com-
mandant of midshipmen, and in lines five
hundred and sixty-four and five hundred and
sixty-five, to strike out the words "apothe-
cary, $750;" and in lines five hundred and
seventy-nine and five hundred and eighty, to
reduce ihe total appropriation from $58,576
to $56,776.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tion for contingencies of the Marine corps, in
lines six hundred and twenty-four and six
hundred and twenty-five, to strike out the
words " and for staff and commanding officers'
officers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of section one the following proviso:
Provided, That no money appropriated by this act
shall be expended .on account of naval engines con-
tracted for during thewar.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines four and five, to strike out the words
"are not suitable for or capable of profitable
use, repair, or fitting," and to insert " cannot
be advantageously used, repaired, or fitted
so as to make the section read :
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to sell, at public sale, such
vessels and materials of the United States Navy as
m his judgment cannot be advantageously used,
repaired, or fitted out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the proviso of
the st-cond section, lines twenty and twenty-
oue, to strike out the words " all net proceeds
of." and to insert " the total amount received
on so as to make the clause read :
, And the Secretary of the Navy shall, at the open-
ing of each session of Congress, make a full report
to Congress of his acts under the authority given by
this section, which reportshall contain a statement
Oi all vessels and materials sold, the parties buying
the same, and the amount realized therefrom, to-
gether with such other facts as may be necessary to
a full understanding of his acts; and the total
amount received on such sales shall be covered into
the United States Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations are concluded.
Mr.^ COLE. On page 24, line five hundred
and sixty-four, I move to strike out the word
" each."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to offer the follow-
ing amendments to be inserted on page 21,
after line five hundred:
For the purchase of a license to use in all the
works of the United States Gorman & Siegfried's
process for tempering steel, for the term of their
patents, $10,000.
This appropriation is recommended by the
Navy Department, and although it is pro-
posed to attach it to this bill, it applies to
all the public works of the United States
in the different Departments, and also on
all the public buildings. Perhaps it would
be interesting to the Senate to hear read a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy
on the subject. I send it to the desk for the
purpose of being read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Navy Department,
Washington, D. C., March, 25,1872.
Sir: The Department has made acareful examin-
ation of the merits of Gorman k Siegfried's process
of tempering steei, and finds that the use of thesame
would prove a matter of great economy. By its use
cheaper steel could be employed in making tools,
and with this cheaper steei a better class of tools
can be made than can now be made out of the most
expensive steel. Besides this, the loss of time to
workmen in sharpening, redressing, and retemper-
ing tools will be greatly diminished. It is believed
that many times the cost of the patent can be saved
by the use of this process. A license for working
under the patent is offered for the term of the patent,
to the Department for the sum of $10,000. and I rec-
ommend its purchase, and respectlully suggest that
an appropriation for that amount be added to the
appropriations for the Bureau of Construction and
Repair, to enable me to make the purchase. Any
further information that may be desired will be fur-
nished to the committee.
V ery respectfully,
GEO. M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. Cornelius Colic, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, United State« Senate.
Mr. WEST. It is only as a consideration
of economy that this appropriation is recom-
mended bythecommitt.ee. It will be observed
that the Secretary recommends it as a judi-
cious expenditure of money in connection
solely with his Department, that $10,000 would
be really an economy if the paient were used
only in the Navy Department, but the com-
mittee saw proper in offering the amendment
to embrace all the public work of the United
States. Although the sum itself is a very
respectable one, $10,000, yet when the recom-
mendation of the Secretary is considered, and
when it is also remembered that the patent
has sixteen years to run, and it is a purchase
at the rate of $600 a year for sixteen years,
or about fifty dollars a month for the purpose
of economizing throughout all the Depart-
ments, I think the Senate will not hesitate to
adopt the amendment.
The question being put, the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. WEST. I shall not call for a division
at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no fur-
ther amendments be proposed, the bill will be
reported to t,he Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not feel authorized to
offer amendments: but I deem it my duty to
call attention, before this bill is reported to
the Senate, to the fact that the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs is absent,
and it was not expected that this bill would
be taken up to day. I find on examination
that there have been reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs three amendments at
least, which have been submitted by the mem-
bers of that committee, and ordered to be
printed—one reported by the chairman of
the committee, another by the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] and another
by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.] If
it be the pleasure of the Senate to pass this
bill this evening, I think justice would require
that a motion to reconsider should be entered
for the purpose of enabling the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs to have the
amendments of that committee considered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. Let the bill be reported to the Sen-
ate and the amendments of the Committee of
the Whole agreed to, and then let the bill
stand over until Monday morning, when the
Senator from New Hampshire will be here to
offer his amendments.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wished to call the
attention of the Senate to the facts which I
stated.
_ Mr. SAWYER. I gave notice some days
since of an amendment to this bill which I
now submit. It is to insert after line one hun-
dred and seventy-three "for preparing ele-
ments and tables of new planets discovered by
American astronomers, $3,000." I will sim-
ply say that there are communications from
the superintendent of the work at the Nauti-
cal Almanac office, and also from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in reference to this
matter. If any further explanation is desired
I can give it, but I do not suppose any is neces-
sary. This is a slight addition to the Nautical
Almanac appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no fur-
ther amendment be proposed, the bill will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON, I believe I am the only
member of the Naval Committee now present.
This is the naval appropriation bill. The
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
went to New York without any knowledge
that this bill was coming up. The Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] who was here a
few moments ago, and who is also a member
of the committee, asked me to be careful that
the bill was not passed out of the Committee
of the Whole without the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs having an oppor-
tunity to offer the amendments of which he
has given notice. With the understanding,
however, that those amendments can be
offered in the Senate hereafter, I have no
objection to the bill being reported.
Mr. COLE. There is, of course, no dispo-
sition on the part of the Committee on Appro-
priations to foreclose the bill against any
amendments that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs may have to offer. I
do not know the character of those amend-
ments; but it is only fair that he should
have an opportunity to offer his amendments,
as probably he did not expect that the bill
would be taken up to-day, although I believe
he designated Wednesday of this week as the
day when he would be ready to proceed with
the bill, and I stated to him that I would call
it up as soon as I could, even before that time,
so that we have not taken it up without fair
notice to him.
Mr. MORTON. I am sorry the Senator
from California pressed his motion to take it
up at all, knowing that he could not finish it
to-day,
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the bill be reported to
the Senate, and then it can be laid aside.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee ot'the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is understood that the
chief amendments made in committee are re-
served.
Mr. COLE. Not unless Senators want par
ticular amendments reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, and the Chair
