1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
By Mr. McHENRY: The memorial of Lu-
cretia B. Galloway, praying for a pension.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of Mrs.
Sallie T. Burton, widow of Garrison Burton,
deceased, praying the passage of a special act
granting her a pension on account of her hus-
band's services in the war of 1812.
By Mr. MERCCJR: A copy of the pre-
amble and resolutions adopted by the General
Assembly of the Presbyterian church in the
United States of America, held at Chicago,
May 18, 1871, together with a petition signed
by Stephen Torrey, Edward H. Camp, James
Macfarlane, and 70 others, citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying for the publication of a fair
andadequateedition of Senate Executive Docu-
ment No. 87 of the Forty-First Congress.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
Walter B. Pierce and Moonev & Howe, for
abolition of duty on licorice.
By Mr. SHANKS: The memorial of Louis
Goldstone, relative to the Alaskaseal fisheries.
By Mr. SLATER: The memorial of John
H. Stevens, E. S. McComas, Daniel Chaplain,
E. C. Brainard, and 130 others, citizens of
Union county, Oregon, praying Congress for
aid in the construction of a railroad from Port-
land. Oregon, to Salt, Lake, by a grant of land
to the Portland, Dalles, and Salt Lake Railroad
Company.
Also, the memorial of Nathaniel Gate", E.
B. Comfort and 150 others, of Dalles City,
praying Congress for aid in the construction
of a railroad from Portland, Oregon, to Salt
Lake, by a grant, of land to the Portland, Dalles,
and Salt Lake Railroad Company.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of merchants
of New York and Boston, for reduction of
the duty on rice.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of T. Hardeman, jr., praying for the removal
of his political disabilities.
By Mr. SWANN : The memorial of Edward
Turner, of Baltimore, Maryland, in relation to
a floating screw and portable dry-dock.
Also, the petition of James McConky, Rick-
etts& Co., and several others, owners of steam-
boats and other vessels, in the city of Balti-
more, protesting against the passage of an act
renewing the tax of two cents per ton on ves-
sels arriving at that port.
llso, a similar petition signed by D. H.
Morgan and others.
Also, a similar petition signed by D. C. Mc-
intosh and others.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of
Charles K. Darling and 27 others, stationers,
against the present mode of furnishing envel-
opes.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of Davis
Tucker and others, of Bristol, Vermont, ask-
ing for back pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 18, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Ilev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Thursday
last was read and approved.
Hon. Garrett Davis, from the State of
Kentucky, appeared in his seat to-day.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the apportion-
ment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth
census;
A bill (H. R. No. 284) to pay William P.
Preston the sum therein mentioned ;
A bill (H. R. No. 459) for the construction
of a public building at Chicago, Illinois ;
A bill (H. R. No. 487) making appropria-
tions for expenses that may be incurred under
articles one to nine, inclusive, of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
concluded at Washington, May 8, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 489) makingappropriations
for expenses incurred under articles twelve to
seventeen, inclusive, of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, concluded at
Washington May 8, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 5o7) granting a pension to
Elizabeth York;
A bill (H. R. No. 558) granting a pension to
Mary S. Howe ;
A bill (H. R. No. 021) granting a pension to
Belinda Craig:
A bill (H. R. No. 622) granting a pension to
Richard B. Crawford ;
A bill (H. R. No. 623) granting a pension to
Joseph Bryant;
A bill (H. R. No. 624) granting a pension to
Elizabeth H. Morgan;
A bill (H. R. No. 625) making appropri-
ations to supply a deficiency in the appropri-
ations for the salaries and contingent expenses
of the Post. Office Department for the current
fiscal year; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) donating
certain condemned cannon for a soldiers'
monument.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for printing
extra copies of the report of the Bureau of
Statistics on the subject of emigration: in
which concurrence was requested.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Attorney General,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of
April 10, 1869, a list of all the attorneys em-
ployed as assistants to United States district
attorneys since December, 1870, withtheircom-
pensation; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, calling the attention of
Congress to a discrepancy in the act of Feb-
ruary 24, 1871, which locates the Fort Walla
Walla military reservation in Oregon instead
of Washington Territory, and recommending
! the passage by Congress of an amendatory act
correcting this error; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
HOUSE HILL!* REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 243) for the apportion-
ment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth cen-
sus was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trtjmbui.i.] is not now in
his seat. 1 supposed he might take some in-
terest in reference to this bill; I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It, is a bill pro-
viding for the apportionment of members of
the House of Representatives. The Senator
from Indiana moves its reference to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections. If there
is no objection it will be so referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the proper
direction of that bill would be to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, but I do not wish any
controversy in regard to it. I think such bills
have ordinarily gone to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I suppose that would be the
proper reference on the present occasion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; it went there
before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish a con-
troversy with the Senator from Indiana if he
desires to take charge of the bill; but I think
the proper committee would be the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that the
bill, from its natuee, should properly go to
the committee that I named. It has hereto-
fore gone to the Committee on the Judiciary,
because there was no Committee on Privileges
and Elections in the Senate; but every bill
must make a law; that is the very nature of it;
and it cannot for that reason go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. There are certain
matters which go, of course, with propriety to
that committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator how it
is in the other House. Did this bill come from
the Committee of Elections or the Committee
on the Judiciary there?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know.
MY. SUMNER. I should be disposed to
follow the precedent set in the other House,
where they have had from time immemorial a
Committee of Elections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am quite sure that the
bill of last session, which came to us from the
House of Representatives, was reported from
the Judiciary Committee there, and I am quite
sure that this bill was ; and I believe all the
apportionment bills for the last forty years
have been considered in both Houses in the
Committees on the Judiciary, lhope, therefore,
that this bill will take the usual course and go
to that committee ; and I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves the reference of the bill to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, and
the Senator from Vermont moves to amend
by striking out that committee and inserting
"the Committee on the Judiciary." They
are both standing committees.
Mr. MORTON. I have no particular desire
to take charge of this bill. I do not want any
controversy about it. It appeared to me that
the organization of the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections would properly draw to it
the consideration of such a measure, and I
still think so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
insist on his motion or withdraw it?
Mr. MORTON. I will leave it to the decis-
ion of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
leaves it to the decision of the Senate. The
first question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont, to strike out " the
Committee on Privileges and Elections " and
insert "the Committee on the Judiciary."'
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to; and
the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 459) for the construc-
tion of a public building at Chicago, Illinois,
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will he
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
it lie on the table for the present, as the com-
mittee have already considered the subject, and
it can be called up in the course of the morn-
'"^he VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, this bill will lie on the table for the
present.
' The bill (H. R. No. 284) to pay William P.
Preston the sum therein mentioned was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to pay the
expenses of a contested election in the House
of Representatives a number of years ago, and
if there be no objection it will be referred to
the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations:
A bill (H. R. No. 487) making appropria-
tions for expenses that may be incurred under
! articles one to nine, inclusive, of the treaty
I between the United States and Great Britain,
| concluded at Washington May 8, 1871 ; and
j A bill (H. R. No. 489) making appropria-
) tions for expenses incurred under articles
