1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
was read twice and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Margaret Nyce,
mother of William Nyce, late a private of
company IC, one hundredth Ohio volunteers,
to take effect from the 1st of January, 1870.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
discoverers of oca no.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask the Senate
to resume the consideration of House bill No.
166, to which an objection was made, bat
•which objection has been withdrawn.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill(B. R.
No. 166) to amend an act entitled '"An act to
authorize protection to be given to citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits
of guano," approved August 18, 1856.
Mr. SPENCER. The bill has been read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
american register to dutch brig.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 2043) authorizing
an American register to the Dutch bark Alice
Tarlton, to report it back without amendment,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to put the bill on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an American register to the
Dutch baik Alice Tarlton, owned by John S.
Emory & Co., of Boston, Massachusetts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
reconsideration of bridge bills.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider two bills which have passed, for the
reason that I believe there is an error in regard
to them. 1 refer to the bills authorizing the
construction of bridges acrossthe Ohio river at
Mount Vernon and at Bvariville, Senate bills
No. 662 and No. 539. I believe a mistake has
been made in incorporating a general bridge
law into the middle of both those bills, and I
move a reconsideration for the purpose of
reaching that question.
The JPRESlDINt# OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire action on the motion now?
Mr. SCOTT. Not unless it meets the con-
currence of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce. I desire to examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
mail service is thk gulf 01? mexico.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate resume the consideration of Senate bill
No. 57.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
57) authorizing mail steamship service in the
Gulf of Mexico between the port of New
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports of the
republic of Mexico.
Mr. KELLOGG. The bill has been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to hear
it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
again read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there is an amendment reported
by the Committee on Commerce.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section one( line thirteen, to strike out
the words "Galveston, Texas," and in line
eighteen, to strike out the words "by way of
Galveston, Texas."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill, I understand,
grants $150,000 a year for this service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it presents the
question of a subsidy, and I should like to
have a vote upon it. I do not wish to discuss
it. Every Senator understands whether he is
willing to give more than the postal receipts
for this mail service.
Mr. KELLOGG. This is the bill that passed
the Senate last winter, word for word, after it
had been amended on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] the Sen-
ator from Ohio also, I believe, and the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. harlan.] This is precisely
the bill as it passed the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire upon a
bill granting a subsidy beyond the amount of
the postal receipts to have a vote of the Sen-
ate ; thatisali. Every Senator understands it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a division on
the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed ; there being on a divis-
ion—ayes 21, noes 16.
cincinnati and southern railway.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now desire to call up
Senate bill No. 75, to promote the construction
of the Cincinnati and Southern railway.
Mr. SPENCER. I think this bill has been
read heretofore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read at length if any Senator desires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what is called
the Cincinnati and Southern railroad bill, and
as the State of Kentucky has since passed a
law on that subject I suppose this bill had bet-
ter be laid aside for the present.. It is scarcely
worth while to read it. I move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
district of brazos db santiago.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No 131) to change the
boundaries of the collection district of Brazos
de Santiago in the State of Texas, to report
it back with an amendment, and to ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Commit,teeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to detach the counties
of Starr, Zapata, and Webb, now forming a
part of the collection district of Corpus Christi,
in the State of Texas, therefrom, and annex
them to the collection district of Brazos de
Santiago, so as to form a part of that district.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, in line three to strike
out the word "counties" and insert the word
"county," and after the word "Starr" to
strike out the words " Zapata and Webb."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill be read a third time;
and the bill was read tbe third ti me, and passed.
asiatic commercial company.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to take from
the Calendar House bill No. 435 to authorize
the President to appoint George Plunkett a
paymaster in the Navy. It has passed the
House, and it has the unanimous approval
of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate. I hope there will be no objection to
it. A report has been submitted which has
been printed.
Mr. CORBETT. There is one bill reported
by the Committee on Commerco which has
not yet been acted upon, and I should like to
have it taken up. It is Senate bill No, 76,
which was laid over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon states that there is one bill re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce still
undisposed of.
Mr. FE11RY, of Michigan. I understood
that the committee had disposed of ail their
bills. I ask the Senator to allow this bill to
pass. It will take but a moment.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to dispose
ofthe business ofthe Committee on Commerce,
as this day was set apart for the purpose of
disposing of that business.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I withdraw my
bill temporarily, but will renew my motion as
soon as the Senator's bill is passed.
Mr. CORBETT. I now move that the Sen-
ate take up Senate bill No. 70, to facilitate
commerce between the United States and
China, Japan, and the countries of Asia. The
bill has been read, I believe.
Mr. ANTHONY. What does it do ? Is it
a subsidy bill ?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That bill must
inevitably lead to discussion. If'there is any-
thing the Senate desire to consider this after-
noon, they had better not. take that bill up.
It. is a bill very novel in its character, not to
say extraordinary. My judgment is that if
the Senate have much to occupy themselves
about, they can do better than by taking that
bill up.
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose the Senate might
as well decide this question now as at any
other time. Let us know whether they pro-
pose to extend the same facilities to American
citizens in Japan for commercial purposes that
has been extended to the subjects ot England
and France by those countries. This bill is
one simply organizing a company for the trans-
action of commercial business, and a number
of Senators desire that the bill shall be con-.
sidered at this time, to test the question here
in the Senate whether they will consider it at
all or not. The bill is in all respects identical
with one which passed the Senate in 1870 to
incorporate the National Bolivian Navigation
Company. Theprecedenthas beenset. Amer-
ican citizens now desire to organize themselves
into a corporation for this purpose so as to
give them a standing in the consular courts in
Japan. If we intend to carry on business with
Japan, if we intend to cope with other nations
in that trade, we must extend the same facili-
ties to our citizens that other nations extend to
theirs. I hope the bid will be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not sup-
pose it is in order to discuss the merits of the
bill on the motion to take it up. Therefore I
do not propose to do that; but I may refer to
what the Senator himself has said as a reason
why the Senate would not like at. this time to
enter upon it. It is a bill to institute a cor-
poration to trade with all the countries in
Asia. It is sufficient to repeat what my hon-
orable friend has already said, that if we intend
to compete with European nations and have
equal privileges and advantages which those
nations have had in the Indies, it is a proper
thing to pass to the consideration of this bill.
1 cannot conceive that the American people
have the slightest desire to repeat the history
of the trading companies of Europe in the
Indies for the last two hundred years.
Mr. MORTON. Such as the South Sea
bubble.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, the South
Sea bubble and all sorts of bubbles. It is en-
tering upon a career which all the European
nations have tried for the last two hundred
years, the history of which, I suppose, ia
familiar to all well informed people. That is
