158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
twelve to seventeen, inclusive, of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
concluded at Washington May 8, 1871.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 557) granting a pension
to Elizabeth York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 558) granting a pension
to Mary S. Howe ;
A bill (H. R. No. 621) granting a pension
to Belinda Craig;
A bill (H. R. No. 622) granting a pension
to Richard B. Crawford ;
A bill (H. R. No. 623) granting a pension
to Joseph Bryant; and
A bill (H. R. No. 624) granting a pension
to Elizabeth H. Morgan.
The bill (H. R. N o. 625) making appropri-
ations to supply a deficiency in the appropri-
ations for the salaries and contingent expenses
of the Post Office Department for the curreut
fiscal year was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) donating
certain condemned cannon for a soldiers' monu-
ment was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORT ON EMIGRATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
received from the House of Representatives ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved by the Uovxe of Hepreficntative.?, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That five thousand extra copies of
the report of the Bureau of Statistics on the subject
of emigration, with tlie accompanying papers, bo
printed, two thousand copies for the use of theHouse.
one thousand copies for the use of the Senate, one
thousand copies bound in paper covers for the use
of the Treasury Department, and one thousand
copies for distribution in Europe by the Treasury
Department.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of im-
porters and merchants of Boston and New
York, praying for the passage of a bill to
refund certain duties paid on Russian hemp
under the act of August 5, 18G1, in violation
of treaty stipulations between Russia and the
United States, contained in the treaty ratified
May 11,1833 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FENTON. 1 also present the memorial
of George F. Comstoek, president of the Salt
Company of Onondaga, New York, Y. B.
Horton, president of the Ohio River Salt. Com-
pany, and II. M. Fitzhugh, president of the
Saginaw and Bay Salt Company, Michigan,
who say that information has reached them to
the effect that extraordinary statements in
printed form have recently been put in circu-
lation for the purpose of procuring petitions
in favor of the repeal of the duty on imported
salt; that these statements with printed peti-
tions are issued from the salt-importing houses
in one of the eastern cities, with the request
that such petitions he signed and forwarded to
Congress. These memorialists say that the
circular to which their attention has been
called presents a, tissue of fable altogether ex-
traordinary. They conclude by asking Con-
gress to delay action on the subject until they
shall forward documents now being prepared. !
which will make a faithful exhibit of this ques-
tion. I move that this memorial be referred i
to the Committee on Finance, which now has !
charge of the bill relating to the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
D. H. London, a merchant of New York, in
which he asks Congress to establish what he
calls an exchequer of the United States. I
have no opinion to express on the main prayer
of this very elaborate memorial, but it is sus-
tained by reasoning in favor of specie pay-
ments, and is presented with a view of promot-
ing that great result. Therefore to that extent
it has my entire sympathy. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of colored citizens of Rhode Island, in which
they pray Congress to enact what is known as
the supplementary civil rights bill, now on the
table of the Senate. They set forth that they are
"denied rights and privileges accorded to
others, who are no better advanced, no more
tidy, no more educated, no more refined, no
more wealthy, no more respectable, who are
no better citizens than are your petitioners."
They say, "We are outraged insulted, mal-
treated, mortified and degraded. Being Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress, holdiug
judicial, executive, and other positions, does
not protect us on railroads, on steamboats, in
taverns and hotels, in licensed places, in public
schools, and in other places, from invidious
proscription, from insult and degradation."
They say that this "fosters the Ku Klux
spirit." I move that this petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of J.
R. Hunter, of Lancaster Court-House, South
Carolina, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Benjamin Severson, engineer, in behalf of
property-holders of the city of Washington,
praying for an investigation of the work on
the Washington canal; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of the borough of Wrightsville, Pennsylvania,
praying for compensation for losses sustained
in consequence of the burning of the Columbia
bridge during the war for the suppression of
the rebellion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present thirteen peti-
tions from soldiers and sailors and the widows
and parents of deceased soldiers and sailors
who died or were killed during the late rebel-
lion, praying that the provisions of the home-
stead law attached to the act of Congress
granting them land warrants be repealed, and
that an act be passed permitting them to dis-
pose of such lands or warrants by settlement
or otherwise as they may deem proper. I move
the reference of these petitions to the Commit
tee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present four petitions
signed by officers of insurance companies, by
proprietors of metal founderies and boiler-
works, by merchants and shippers, and other
citizens of Alleghany, Beaver, and other coun-
ties of western Pennsylvania, representing that
the act, of February 28, 1871, operates injuri-
ously in many particulars upon steam towir.g-
boats on the western rivers, especially in re-
ducing the amount of pressure of steam to a
standard insufficient to work them up to their
capacity or to safely navigate them, and pray-
ing that they may be exempted from the
restraining provisions of that act upon these
and other subjects. I move the reference of
these petitions to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 also present the memorial
of the Industrial League of Pennsylvania, in
which they briefly and forcibly set forth the
benefits and prosperity due to the system of
tariff'protection which has existed since 1861.
giviug facts which rebut the theory that, im-
port duties upon foreign goods are onerous
taxes upon home consumers; conceding that
sound policy requires a diminution of the re-
ceipts of the Treasury, but suggesting that this
be accomplished, first, by the abolition of the
entire internal revenue system except the taxes
usually classed as excise; second, the aboli-
tion of the import duties upon tea and coffee;
third, a circumspect extension of the free list;
and submitting that nothing but evil could
result to the country at large from any gen-
eral reduction of the tariff rates upon manufac-
tured goods.
This memorial is signed by the chairman of
the representative council of this organization,
by Frederick Fraley, now president of the
National Board of Trade, who represents the
interest of transportation, and by other gen-
tlemen representing the interests of steel and
iron labor, of coal, chemicals, textiles, leather,
glass, metals, books, paper, pottery, and china
ware. It has evidently been prepared with
care, is brief, and sets forth the views of per-
sons representing a large number of employ tj«,
as well as of capital invested in these enter-
prises, and I ask that it be printed and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDJ3NT. _ The memorial
will be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Is there objection to its printing ? The Chair
hears none, and that order will be made.
Mr. OSBOKN presented the petition of
James D. Green, praying compensation for
services during the war as lieutenant and cap-
tain in the second regiment Florida cavalry
volunteers; which wa« referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
John W. Cornyn, late brevet major and com-
missary of subsistence, praying compensation
for two horses lost while in the service of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
P. Lorillard & Co., for the Pioneer Tobacco
Company, H. M. Hunt, and Buchanan & Lyall,
manufacturers of plug tobacco, of the city of
Brooklyn, New Y'ork, representing that tliev
have paid within the last twelve months to the
Government 33,319,388 32 taxes on articles
of their own manufacture; and they protest
against the recent action of the so-calii <i
National Tobacco Association in the state
ments reported as having been made to th-
Committee of Ways and Means by the dele
gates of that association. They set out ai
considerable length the reasons why the tax
on manufactured tobacco should not be dimin-
ished, and why no changes in the law should
take place. I move that this memorial be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY' presented a petition from
settlers upon the Miami lands in Kansas, ask-
ing for some legislation to secure them their
homesteads at a fair price; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of A.
C. Cleveland, commissioner for the Slate of
Nevada, praying remuneration for moneys
paid by the Territory of Nevada for the use
and benefit of the United States, and also for
moneys paid sin ee the Territory became a State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claimsj
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Jiles S. Boggess. of Henderson, Texas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HILL presented the petition of Thomas
Hardeman, of Bibb county, in the State of
Georgia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select.
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of William
D. Kiddoo, of Randolph county, Georgia,
praying die removal o( his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittceon the^Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the peti tion
of \\. H. R. Workman, of Kershaw county.
South Carolina, praying the removal of his
political disabilities: which was referred to the
