1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of L. C.
P. Cowper, praying compensation for the destruc-
tion of his library by the troops of the United States,
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, it
was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying
papers of Joseph Wilson, praying compensation
for horses and mules captured by the rebels in con-
sequence, as is alleged, of the refusal of the pickets
to allow him to pass within our lines, on the outposts
of Washington, in July, 1861, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Caleb
White and Bertie A. Thomas, praying to be reim-
bursed for overcharges In the shipment and sale of
certain cotton seized by order of the general com-
manding at Baton Rouge in 1865, and sold by an
agent of the Government, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of W. II.
Vesey, late United States consul at Havre, praying
the payment ofmoneys lost by the failure of Green
&Co., American ba.nkers, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of F. G.
Scbwatka be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles Lanman, praying for the payment of
damages sustained by him by the infringement
of a copyright, have instructed me to ask to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims.
It is clearly a claim.
The report was agreed to.
repokt of columbia institution.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
copies of the report of the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Deaf and Dumb, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of
the last annual report of the Columbia Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb be printed for the use of the
president of the institution.
army rkoistkr.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred a
resolution to print one thousand copies of the
Army Register for the use of the Senate, to
report it back without amendment, and to ask
for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the
Senate one thousand copies of the Army Register
to be published in January, 1872.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the following
bills were recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
A bill (S. No. 07) for the relief of the pur-
chasers of lots and houses and lots sold by
virtue of an act of Congress entitled "An act
providing for the sale of the lands, tenements,
and water privileges belonging to the United
States at and near Harper's Ferry, in the
county of Jefferson, West Virginia," approved
December 15, 1868; and
A bill (S. No. 219) to carry into effect the
decisions of the Supreme Court relating to
bounty to soldiers enlisted between the 3d day
of May and the 22d day of July, 1861.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill to set apart a certain tract of land lying
near the headwaters of the Yellowstone as a
public park. It has been ascertained within
the last year or two that there are very valua-
ble reservations at the headwaters of the Yel-
lowstone, and it is thought ihey ought to be
set apart for public purposes rather than to
have private preemption or homestead claims
attached to them. There are valuable hot
springs, geysers. Professor Hayden has made
a very elaborate report on the subject. This
bill is to set apart that whole tract, about forty
miles by fifty, as a public park,and put it under
the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, keep it from preemptions and homestead
entries and from sale, and reserve it from any
grants that may be made, to be disposed of
hereafter as Congress may direct.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 392) to set apart a
certain tract of land lying near the headwaters
of the Yellowstone river as a public park;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 393) to authorize the discontinuance of
certain grades in the military service ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 394) to amend an act entitled "Ail act
supplementary to an act approved J uly 1, ] 8(54,
for the disposal of coal lands and town prop-
erty in the public domain," approved March
3, 1865 ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
395) for the relief of Enos J. Pennybaeker;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 396) granting lands to aid the construc-
tion of the Portland, Dalles, and Salt Lake
railroad, and to provide for the sale of such
lands by the United States to actual settlers
by preemption as other lands; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce -a bill (S. No.
397) to facilitate specie payment; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 398) for the relief of James D. Greene;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to lie
printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 399) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
400) for dividing the State of Georgia into
three judicial districts, and organizing and
establishing an additional district court of the
United States with circuit court powers and
jurisdiction ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 401) granting public lands in the State of
Alabama to the Decatur and Aberdeen Rail-
road Company to a,id in the construction of a
railroad to be built from Decatur, Alabama, to
Aberdeen, Mississippi; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
402) granting a right of way to the Mobile and
Alabama Grand Trunk Railroad Company
through and over lauds owned by the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 403) for the relief of Rufus M. Pickel;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
404) to establish a certain post route in In-
diana ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 40o) to provide for the repayment of
certain duties collected upon the importation
of Russia hemp ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
406) to encourage the laying of ocean telegraph
cables and to secure the same for the use of
the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and oidered to be piinted.
NEW YORK COSTOM-IIODSE.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer a resolution which
I should like to have considered at the present
time.
Mr. ANTHONY. T hope the Senator will
allow me to offer a resolution relative to the
organization of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Let my resolution be
read and then I will give way.
The resolution of Mr. Conklixg was read, as
follows:
"Whereas it has been declared in the Senate that
" at the port of New York there exists and is main-
tained by officers ol the United States, under the
name uf the ' general-order business,' a monstrous
abuse, fraudulent in character:" and whereas the
following statement has been made by a Senator:
"It was intimated by some of the witnesses that
Air. Leet, who pockets the enormous profits arising
from that business, had some connection with the
White Ilonse; but General Porter was examined.
Mr. Leet himself w.tS examined, and they both testi-
fied that it was not so, and counting the number of
the witnesses we have no right to form a different
conclusion. But the fact remains that this scan-
dalous system of robbery is sustained—is sustained
against the voice of the merchant s of New York—is
sust,lined against the judgment and the voice of the
Secretary of the Treasury himself. I ask ; ou, how
is it sustained Where and what is the mysterious
power that sustains it? The conclusion is inevitable
that it is a power stionger than decent respect tor
public opinion, nay, a power stronger than the Sec-
retary of the Treasury himself:"
Then fore retired. That the Committee of Invest-
igation ami Retrenchment be instiucted to inquire
into the matter fully and at large, .and particularly
whether any collusion or improper connection with
said business exists oil the part of any unicer of the
United Slates : and that said committee iurther in-
quire whether any person holding otlice in the eus-
tom-iiouse at New York has been detected, or is
known or believed by his superior olheer to have
been guilty of bribery, or of taking bribes, or of
. oiher crime or misdemeanor: and said committee is
| hereby empowered to send for persons and papers.
Mr. CONKLING. Before I ask for a vote
on the resolution just read, I wish to know
li whether I correctly understood the Senator
from Rhode Island as stating that ho desired
to offer a resolution relating to the organiza-_
tion of this committee?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir, the same com-
mittee.
Mr. CONKLING. Then my resolution
would follow that more properly, and there-
fore 1 give way, and shall ask that this resolu>
