1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10T
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Frelinghuysen.
Senate.
promised," and on the ground that a "just
regard to national honor" demands a thorough
investigation.
Mr. President, what are the incidents attend-
ing the sale? I shall notcat this stage of the
debate go into tedious details, but will sum up
the result of the evidence adduced. First, it
appears that the whole transaction has been
known for more than a year to Prussia and to
all the kingdoms of Europe, and that no com-
plaint, no criticism against the conduct of the
United States has been made by any Power.
Secondly, it appears that Prussia, the belli-
gerent Power toward whom, if toward any, we
bad violated our neutral obligations, was fully
informed and knew that we were selling arms,
and that it was possible those arms might,
through intermediate hands, come to the
French, but they manifested a perfect indiffer-
ence as to the question whether we sold the
arms or not, declaring that they were satisfied
they could take the arms on the banks of the
Loire. And thirdly, there is not a scintilia
of evidence that we ever sold a gun otherwise
than in accordance with international law, or
otherwise' than in open market to the highest
bidder, and never to a belligerent, and that
when we suspected that one of our old cus-
tomers, who had previously bought large quan-
tities of arms, was an agent of France, we
refused any longer to sell to him. These are
the established facts upon which this inquiry
is demanded. Every step, sir, we took was
known and satisfactory to the Prussian Gov-
ernment.
These facts being established, the Senator
from Missouri, as a skillful debater, has re-
course to another ground, and says then that
the chief of ordnance had no right to sell these
arms, and a long discussion ensues as to
whether the chief of ordnance had a right to
sell the arms. Pray, sir, what difference does
it make on the question of our relations to
Prussia, or in the inquiry whether we have met
our neutral obligations, whether the chief of
ordnance had or had not authority to sell
those arms? I answer that it does not make
the slightest difference. If we violated neu-
trality and the statute authorized the sale of
the arms, that does not relieve us. If we have
not violated neutrality, and the.statute did not
authorize the sale, that does not tend to our
guilt. Prussia does not deal with our statutes,
but looks to this nation, not to its subordinates,
not to its officials, not to statutes. Great Brit-
ain urged that plea, and we declared against it.
She said that no law existed enabling that
nation to check and restrain the Alabamas
from going to sea. We replied that "we were
dealing with England, and had nothing to do
with their statutes, and that they should have
had adequate laws." Bismarck, I think, in-
structed England in the same doctrine when
that nation put in the plea that it had not the
power to enforce its neutral obligations. That
great captain and civilian told England that
it must fulfill those obligations, and that
nations dealt only with nations. As to our
relations, .sir, with Prussia on this question of
neutral obligations, it is a matter of perfect
indifference whether the chief of ordnance was
or was not authorized to sell the arms.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator certainly does
not want the Senate to understand that I, in
any argument I have used, tried to prove that
the violation or observance of our laws, as far
as they are made here for our own guidance,
were of any concern to Prussia at all. The
international side of the question is the very
least that I have discussed ; but I do maintain
that is of great concern to us whether the
chief of ordnance observes the laws of the
country or not.
Mr.. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not see,
Mr. President, that the Senator has asked me
any question, that he has corrected me in
anything, but has only interpolated a little
speech as to what his opinion is on this ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHURZ. I beg the Senator's pardon,
but he seemed to argue that I had put forward
this violation of our own laws in reference to
our international relations.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I shall show,
before I close, that this is a question as to
whether we have violated our neutral obliga-
tions to Prussia ; and that it is only that. The
Senator from Missouri has with great dexterity
kept out of sight what to my mind is the true
question, and discussed the inquiry whether
the chief of ordnance has not exceeded his
powers and, violated his duty. This is the
question, whether we have fulfilled our neutral
obligations tO'Prussia, or it is nothing. It is
that, or it is a problem fit only for a debating
society, or as a conundrum for children.
The truth, sir, is that the chief of ordnance
was fully authorized to make the sale of
the arms. The statute of 1868 directed him,
wherever arms were not suitable for the ser-
vice of the United States, or of the militia, to
sell them. The Senator from Missouri says
that the chief of ordnance, General Dyer, in a
letter to Secretary Belknap, which was for-
warded to France for the benefit of the Rem-
ingtons, states that the arms were serviceable.
And so they were. But, though serviceable,
they were not suitable for the service of the
United States, because we had a better arm
lately invented, and because we had more than
we required. It is a matter of perfect indif-
ference, however, whether the chief of ord-
nance acted in conformity with the statute or
did not, so far as the question of fidelity to
neutral obligations is concerned.
Mr. President, under these circumstances,
no charge of fraud sustained by any evidence ;
no violation of any statute in reference to the
sale of arms ; no complaint from any Power
on earth that we have violated our duty, the
sale being known to them all ; no allegation
of our having made sale directly or indirectly
to a belligerent, the Senate_ of the United
States is called upon to examine whether we
have not seriously compromised our national
honor. I submit, sir, that this is unpatriotic,
and the investigation even is uncalled for and
unjust. As well might the Senate without
any probable case against me appoint a com-
mittee to ascertain whether I should be de-
prived of my seat because guilty of malfeas-
ance in office. Yes, this is vastly more unjust,
inasmuch as the magnitude, delicacy, and im-
portance of the subject is infinitely greater
than the case supposed. Is it not defaming
the nation even to vote an investigation neces-
sary ? By declaring, as the investigation alone
does, that we suspect the neutrality and honor
of the nation, we authorize the other nations
of the world more seriously to suspect us ;
yes, to pronounce us dishonored. We are
taking the initiative by which Prussia may
make at least a probable case against,^ us ; for
who would believe that the'Senate of a great
nation would impeach its own integrity or its
honorary obligations to a friendly Power if
there was not in truth ground for it, an imper-
ative necessity for so doing?
We are told by both the Senators that these
proceedings in no manner affect our country,
because these details were known in Europe.
No one will be deceived by that sophistry.
When in Europe was it known that the Ameri-
can Senate, in view of the sale of arms to the
French, had voted that the good name of the
United States was seriously compromised ?
When was it known that the America Senate,
after full consideration, had determined that
an investigation on the subject was necessary ?
When was it known that the investigation was
to result in declaring the United States guilty,
as it is if the Senator from Missouri can with
all the arts of rhetoric, all the dexterity of de-
bate, and all the extravagance of invectives,
succeed in effecting the result to which his
efforts tend ? That is the feast to which we
are invited, and to which I respectfully ask
permission to send my regrets.
We are not sent here, sir, as ornamental
characters to figure in this arena with the peo-
ple of the United States as spectators. We
are sent here as the representatives of a plain,
earnest people, carefully to look after all their
interests as against the world. We are here
as the paid and sworn agents of a great gov-
ernmental corporation, bound by the most
sacred obligations to be tender, watchful, re-
gardful of the honor of our country. I listened
the other day to those beautiful portions of the
address delivered by the Senator from Mis-
souri at Chicago to American citizens of Ger-
man descent. I could plainly see the chord
of sympathy that ran and vibrated between
the speaker and his auditors. I could see that
the common bond of'utiion between them was
their own, their native land, the fatherland, as
the speaker called his home. It was apparent
that no other speaker could have so addressed
them, that no other audience could have so
listened—and I recognized the truth previously
known, that no true man ever forgets the land
of his nativity. That same sentiment which
lived and moved in that assemblage lives and
moves with some of us. We claim no supe-
riority of patriotism, no superiority of devo-
tion to the interests of this country; but we do
claim, because it is the law of nature written
on our hearts, that we have a sensitiveness in
behalf of the honor of this country equal at
least to the sensitiveness of Germans for the
national rights of Germany.
We are told that this is not a question be-
tween Germany and the United States. Sir,
it is that or it is nothing. If it was not a
question between Germany and the United
States, what difference does it make whether
the arras were sold to France or to Germany?
The Senator from Missouri tells us that "the
sale of these arms placed our national rela-
tions in peril." Now, having passed that peril,
he would revive the danger by again agitat-
ing the subject, and the more so by making
speeches in advocacy of Germany and against
America. The Senator from Missouri will not
assert that if the case be found against, the
United States as he indicates, it would not
have the effect to excite the animosity of
our fellow-citizens of German descent. I do
not say, as the press largely does, that such is
the object and purpose of this movement. It
is not my habit to impugn the motives of Sen-
ators, but at the same time I acknowledge no
restraint, and claim perfect freedom in the
discussion of all questions. The Senator will
not assert that if he succeeds in giving the
direction to this investigation that he seeks it
will not have the effect of exciting the ani-
mosities of the American citizens of German
descent? He cannot so assert, because he has
said "that the good will and friendship of a
large and patriotic class of our population were
jeopardized by the sales." Their natures have
not changed, and the same jeopardy would
exist if he could make out the case against our
Government. Can it then be true that a pro-
ceeding which will excite the hostility of our
German fellow-citizens in this country will
not excite the animosity of the people and
Government of Geimany?
