1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
precisely what we propose to do. I hope the
Senate will find it convenient to take up some-
thing else.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on taking up
the bill indicated by the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. If the countries of Europe
by establishing trading posts and giving facili-
ties to their merchants have acquired wealth
and power and commerce, and have superceded
Americans in that trade, I think it is about
time we should establish a policy that would
be beneficial to American commerce and
American citizens. For that reason I pro-
pose to take up this bill.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to appeal to my friend
from Oregon. I think he is quite certain,
after what has already been said, that if this
bill is taken up it will lead to a discussion, and
he will get no vote upon it during this after-
noon's sitting. Now, I wish to know if he
will not withdraw his motion and allow me to
call up a resolution assigning a day to the
Committec on Claims for the consideration of
business from that committee.
Mr. CORBETT. I should be very glad
indeed to extend that courtesy to the Sena-
tor, but I have tried several times heretofore
to get up this bill but failed, and I desire to
test the question now while we have a full Sen-
ate. If tbe Senate propose to exclude Amer-
ican citizens from enjoying these privileges in
foreign countries, I wish to know it, I do not
propose to continue a contest on this bill. I
wish to test the sense of the Senate now. To-
day has been set apart for the consideration
of business from the Committee on Commerce,
and this is the only bill remaining undisposed
of.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Oregon that this is rather a bad
time to make that test. The Senate has been
in session a long time; we are all weaiied,
and it is getting late.
Mr. CORBETT. All I wish is a vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a bad time to take a
vote. I suggest that some other time would be
better than now. It is now after four o'clock,
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know of any
more appropriate time than the present. I shall
be unable to get this bill up during the morn-
ing hour, and the parties who wish to organize
this company desire to know the fate of the
bill, to know whether they are to be sustained
by Congress or not. If not, they will abandon
the project.
Mr. HOWE. I know but one thing about
the bill that the Senator advocates, and that is
that there is no human probability of getting
a vote on it to-night; that taking it up lor con-
sideration will not do the bill nor himself a
particle of good, and, therefore, tbat we may
be practical, I wish he would withdraw bis
motion and let us try something else that
promises some results. If he will not, I hope
the Senate will not take up the bill. It seems
to me it would be a mere waste of time.
Mr. CORBE1T. I simply desire to have a
vote of the Senate upon the question. I shall
abandon the bill if the Senate decide that they
will not take up a bdl pertaining to commerce
when this day has been set apart for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CALDWELL. I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon that this is a bad time to pi ess
his bill. There are a number of Senators here
who do not appear to understand what the
bill is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the motion of the Senator from Oregon,
to take up the bill (or consideiation.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 21, noes 17.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read at length.
Mr. CORBEIT. The bill has been read in
full. There is an amendment offered by the
committee striking out the names of the cor-
porators and inserting some others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbe original
bill will not be read unless some Senator
calls for it.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to have the bill read. I have no recol-
lection of it.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett,]
which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
is to strike out the names of the corporators
mentioned in the bill, namely :
Robert B. Van Valkenburgh, Benjamin Eggles-
ton, Lawrence B. Cushing, R. W. Bishop, James 1?.
Wilson, John K. Hall, Elislia E. Rice, Thomas A.
Scott, X. XI. Gates, George B. Upton, Israel S. Spen-
cer, and P. McDonald Collins.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
A. A. Low, R. B. Van Valkenburgh, Israel S.
Spencer, X. £. Gates, X\ McDonald Oollms, and John
XI. Waller, of New York; James Otis, E. B. Rice,
Richard B. Irwin. Benjamin Flint, and George E.
Lane, of California; Lawronce B. Gushing, George B.
Upton, and John R, Hall, ot Massachusetts ; Thomas
A. Scott, J. I). Cameron, and James Y. Ashton,
of Pennsylvania; Benjamin Eggteston and R. M.
Bishop, of Ohio; John B. Farwell, of Illinois; N.
J. Walters, of Maryland; J. B. Coyle, of Maine;
Frederick £. Woodbiidge, of Vermont; James If.
Wilson, of Iowa; Laban Coffin,of Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the last section of the bill, to insert in
section seven, line two, after the word " New
York," the words "or San Francisco," so that
the company may have their principal office in
New Yoik or San Francisco.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, PRATT. Before the vote is taken on
this bill, as 1 did not hear all of it read, I will
ask the Senator from Oregon to briefly stale
the purpose of this corporation. Where is to
be the field of its operations?
Mr. CORBETT. I will state 
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, it is manifest th&t this bill is going to be
discussed, and of course it is impossible to
discuss it this evening. Will the Senator give
way to a motion to proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business?
Mr. CORBETT. I will do so after I state
very briefly the provisions of the bill if we are
then unable to obtain a vote.
The object of this bill is to allow these gen-
tlemen to associate themselves together for
the purpose principally of trade and com-
merce in China and Japan, for the purpose of
purchasing vessels and transacting general
commercial business in the rivers of those
countries. I am informed that similar organ-
izations are already in existence under char-
ters from England and France. American
citizens desire the opportunity of organizing
themselves for the purpose of transacting gen-
eral commercial business in these remote
countries, and they think that the Government
of the United States should extend to them
the same facilities under charter that are ex-
tended by other Governments to their citi-
zens.
One object in desiring to have the company
organized by act of Congress is that they may
have a standing in our consular courts, which
they cannot, very well have under State organ-
ization, as I am informed.
The provisions of this bill are precisely in
accordance with a bill that was passed by Con-
gress July 29, 1870, entiiled "An act to incor-
porate the National Bolivian Navigation Com-
pany," which was organized for a similar pur-
pose. I suppose there can be no reason why
we should not give the same facilities to our
citizens in Japan and China that were extend-
ed to our citizens to navigate the waters of
Bolivia. I have no further statement to make.
I hope we may have a vote on the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I am in favor of
this bill; I am as I understand it, and should
like to have a vote upon it; but I know the
Senator from Maine intends to address the
Senate upon it, and I suppose it would hardly
be agreeable to him to do it this evening.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desiretomake
a few observations on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Therefore I move that
the Senate proceed to tbe consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is
put, I hope the Chair will announce the tariff
bill as the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) Before putting the question on
the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island,
the Chair will announce that by the agreement
made to-day the tariff bill was to be left as the
unfinished business after the consideration of
bills reported by the Committee on Commerce.
The Senator from Rhode Island now moves
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
CEORGH PLUNKETT.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. While the doors
are being closed and the galleries cleared, I ask
the Senate to take up House bill No. 435, to
which I referred a few moments ago. It will
take but a moment. It proposes to authorize the
President to appoint George Plunkett a pay-
master in the Navy. It has passed the House
of Representatives, and has the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the Senate, and I think there will be no
opposition to it. There has been a report
primed which explains tbe case thoroughly.
1 ask that the bill may be taken up and passed.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to the con-
sideration of that bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina objects.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I trust the
Senator will not object. This bill has the
approval of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It places this gentleman at the foot of the list.
I think there can be no objection to it. There
is a printed report in the case. He is a man
of high standing. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The doors
are now closed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sena-
tor from South Carolina withdraw his objec-
tion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is almost
too late.
Mr. ALCORN. The objection is withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unfortun-
ately, it is too late ; the Senate is now in exec-
utive session.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The reporter is
still here. Will the Chair consider the Senate
in open session ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
done by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Vy'hoie, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 435) to authorize the
President to appoint George Plunkett a pay-
master in the Navy. It authorizes the Presi-
dent to appoint George Plunkett a paymaster
in the United States Navy, if in his opinion
the interests of the public service will be
thereby promoted.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senate will
see that it is left to the discretion of the
President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
this case. I have no objection to this gen-
tleman being appointed a paymaster; but I
should like to make an inquiry in regard to
it. Some very strange things are being done.
\Ve had a bill up a few minutes ago to charier
a companv to do business in Japan, and now
we have a bill up authorizing a certain per-
son to be put into office. Was that ever done
before? I have no recollection, of such a bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I think this has been very
often done.
