1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sfll
not decide a hypothetical case, because he did
not wish to have many appeals pending at the
same time. This appeal is now pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay the ap-
peal taken by the Senator from Vermont on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that if this appeal shall be laid on the
table, in his opinion the appeal will not be
pending, and therefore the decision of the
Chair will stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; asfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, floldthwaitc, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilarlan,
Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Pool, Pratt-, Ramsey, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Stevenson, Thurman,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Windom—3!>.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Clayton, Edmunds, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Nye, Pomeroy, Spencer,
Sprague, and Sumner—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreraan,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Conlilmg, Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock. Kellogg, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patter-
son, Hansom, Rice, Schurz, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Tipton, West. Wilson, and Wright—28.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, to lay upon the table the pending
motion to reconsidor the vote by which tbe
civil rights bill passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand from the
Chair that it will be in order to call that up
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated before to another Senator, when the
Senator from Massachusetts certainly did not
hear him, that he would decide questions
when they came up. This question about
to-morrow does not yet come up. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor insist on his motion ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I was going to
suggest to the Senator from Kentucky and the
Seriate whether we had not better adjourn over
until to-morrow morning.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no; we do not meet
until three o'clock this afternoon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky insists on his motion that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-
three, noes not counted; and the Senate (at
ten o'clock and twenty minutes a. m., Wednes-
day morning, May 22) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 22, 1872,
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REVISION OF TUB LAWS.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of
the United States, reported the following
resolution:
Reiolved, That the Committee on Revision of
the Laws of the United States are hereby author-
ized to meet in committee on the 11th day of Novem-
ber next, and to continue in session to the begin-
ning ot the next session of Congress for the purpose
of examining the revision of the statutes of the
United States now bain? prepared by commissioners
appointed for that purpose.
The resolution was agreed to.
charges against tub navy department.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to make aprivileged
report. I report back from the special com-
mittee appointed to investigate certain charges
against the Navy Department the testimony
heretofore reported, and present also the re-
port of the committee. The testimony does
not require to be printed. I move that the
report be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. On behalf of
the miuority of the committee, I submit a
separate report, and move that it be printed.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object to that,
except that 1 desire that the majority report
be printed by itself.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the report of the minority will be printed
separately.
There was no objection; and the motion of
Mr. Blair, of Michigan, was agreed to.
dakota southern railroad company.
Mr. RUSK. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, with the recommendation that it
do pass with an amendment, the bill (S. No.
611) in relation to the Dakota Southern Rail-
road Company.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Dakota, and approved by the
Governor on the 21st day of April, 1871, enti-
tled " An act to enable organized counties and
townships to vote aid to any railroad, and to
provide for the payment of the same," be,
and the same is thereby, disapproved and an-
nulled, except in so far as is therein otherwise
provided. But the passage of the act shall
not invalidate or impair the organization of
the company heretofore organized for the con-
struction of the Dakota Southern railroad,
leading from Sioux City, Iowa, by way of
Yankton, the capital of said Territory, to the
west line of Bon Homme county, or any vote
that has been or may be given by the counties
ot' Union, Clay, Yankton, and Bon Homme,
or any township granting aid to said railroad,
or any subscription thereto, or anything author-
ized by and that may have been done in pur-
suance of, the provisions of the aforesaid act
of the Legislative Assembly of said Territory
toward the construction and completion of
said railroad ; and the said Dakota Southern
Railroad Company, as organized under and
in conformity to the acts of the Legislative
Assembly of said Territory, is thereby recog-
nized and declared to be a legal and valid cor-
poration ; and the provisions of said act of
said Legislative Assembly, so far as the same
authorize, and for the purpose of validating
any vote of aid and subscriptions to said com-
pany for the construction, completion, and
equipment of the main stem of said railroad,
between the termini aforesaid, are thereby de-
clared to be and remain in full force, but no
further, and for no other purpose whatsoever.
The second section provides that for the pur-
pose of enabling the said Dakota Southern
Railroad Company to construct its said road
through the public lands between the termini
aforesaid the right of way through the said
public lands is thereby granted to the said com-
pany to the extent of one hundred feet in
width on each side of said toad.
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
Attheend of section two add the following:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall relieve
said Dakota Southern Railroad Company from con-
structing and completing said railroad in accord-
ance with the conditions and stipulations on which
the citizens of said counties voted aid to said rail-
road, in accordance with the law of said Territory,
approved April 21,1871: Provided further. That said
i Dakota Southern Railroad Company shall issue to
! the respective counties and townships voting aid to
: said railroad paid-up certificates of stock m the
i same in amounts equal to the sums voted by the
1 respective counties and townships.
I Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this amendment
will be adopted ;■ and, as amended, I'think
the bill should pass.
The bill as amended was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third-time, and passed.
Mr. RUSK moved to reeonsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and.also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. •
The latter motion was agreed to. :
DAVENPORT AND ST. PAUL RAILROAD.
Mr. HOLMAN. In behalf of the Commit-
tee on Commerce I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1672)
granting to the Davenport and St. Paul Rail-
road Company the right of way, and I shall
move the House concur in the amendments
of the Senate.
I will state in a word the effect of the amend-
ments, and I trust gentlemen will observe what
it is. The bill as it passed the House provided
that the whole of the money paid by the Dav-
enport and St. Paul Railroad Company for
the use of the right to pass over the bridge
should be paid into the United States Treasuryj
The Senate by its amendment provides that
half of that sum shall go to the Chicago and
Rock Island Company, and the other half
into the Treasury, so that the United States
shall retain its interest in the bridge. That is
the only important amendment made to the bill.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows;
In the first section strike out "superstructure of
the."
In the second section, after "United States," in-
sert " of one half;" after "act" these words: "and
the payment to the Chicago, Rock Island, and Pa-
cific Railroad Company of the remaining half of
said sum of monoyand after " direction " these
words: " and shall continue under the control."
At the end of section three add the following:
And when completed, any other railroad company
or companies shall be permitted under the direction
of the Secretary of War to pass their trains of cars
over said last-named bridge and track and ap-
proaches thereto, upon paying to the parties then m
interest their proportionate share of the cost thereof,
and of keeping ttio same in repair: And provided
further. That nothing contained in this act shall be
so construed as to interfere with any right or claim
of the United States to control so much of the
original line or bridge as is located east of the main
channel of the Mississippi river.
Add the following new section:
Sec. 4. That the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad
Company shall have the right to use the approaches
to said bridge, and m case tho parties hereto cannot
agree upon the terms for using said approaches to
said bridge, then,and in thatcase, thesame shallbo
fixed by the Secretary of War upon such terms and
in such manner as he may deem just and proper.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be seen that the
object is to retain the control of the Govern-
ment over the bridge so far as it is necessary
to reach its works on Rock Island ; so that one
part of the money goes into the Treasury of
the United States and the other part goes to
tbe Chicago and Rock Island Company.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
PATENTS.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Patents, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2857) to amend an act entitled
"An act to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to patents and copyrights;"
which was read a first and second time, re-
committed to the committee, and ordered
to be printed, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
message FltOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, (two thirds con-
curring therein,) the bill (H. R. No. 2761) to
remove political disabilities imposed by the
