1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That the President has
been directed to appoint a certain man to
office?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; "authorized."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, "authorized."
If he is authorized to appoint him, he is not
authorized to appoint anybody else. It would
be competent, certainly, to authorize the ap-
pointment of ail additional paymaster, and
the bill might be passed, perhaps, with the
understanding that the President would ap-
point somebody ; there may be some person
who has been dropped out, and we have often
authorized a man to be restored to the service.
Mr. CRAGIN. This is that case.
Mr. THUMB DLL. If there was ever such
a bill as this passed, reading in so many words
that the President of the United States is
authorized to appoint a man to an office, I
wish somebody would point it out.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Illi-
nois has voted for twenty just such bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 never heard of one,
and I do not believe you can find it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose this bill had
read, "That the President be authorized to
restore this gentleman " 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly we have
passed such bills; but that is not this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not want that
bill. It' we restore this man, we put him in
the precise place where he was before. He
resigned from the Navy, and the committee
are willing to put him back in the grade he
was before, but not to put him back above
others who have been promoted while he was
out. He is to go back at the foot of the
list.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, as we are in a
sort of family ciicle here, pretty near execu-
tive session, about half way, let me say to my
fiiend from Rhode island that the bill just
reads in this way: that the President be
authorized to appoint a certain person to
this office. If you can do that in this case,
you can do it in reference to a judge; you
can do it in reference to a land officer; you
can do it in reference to any person in the
country. Does anybody pretend, uuder the
extremest views of civil service reform, that
we can compel the President in that way to
appoint just such persons as we want; that
he must appoint a particular person or the
office shall not be filled?
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not say that.
We " authorize" him to appoint a person.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island hold that we can
do that? Does anybody hold that we have
authority to pass a law creating an office, if
you please a land office in Minnesota, and then
say that the President shall be authorized to
appoint Tom Jones, register, and William
Smith receiver ? Would we ever pass such
a law as that?
Mr. ANTHONY. Have we not a right to
do it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think we have.
When you create an office I do not think you
have a right to throw around it an unconstitu-
tional provision or a provision that will pre-
vent the law from being catried out.
Mr. ANIHONY. is it unconstitutional to
"authorize" the President to appoint Tom
Jones receiver of a land office? We have no
authority to direct him to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And it is just as appli-
cable to the post offices.
Mr. SPENCER. This is simply to restore
this man to the service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have brought the mat-
ter to the notice of the Senate, and the Senate
can do as they please about it.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator from Illinois
withdraws his objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I do not.
Several Senators. Let a vote be taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to a
vote being taken. j
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Thia man was
appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and was promoted
for meritorious service 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stands me. I have no sort of objection to
him. I am entirely willing that this man
should be appointed. My objection is to a
law that authorizes only a particular person
to be appointed.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think the Senator from
Illinois does not understand this question. If
the word " restore" had been used he would
have had no objection to the bill undoubtedly.
The use of the word "appoint" instead of
"restore" was for 110 other purpose than this:
if he is restored there is a doubt whether he is
not put back into that position in which he
would have been if he had not resigned, and
thus injustice would be done to those who
remained in the service ; and so the House—
perhaps it is an awkward expression, and it is
or it would not give rise to the doubts the
Senator has suggested—the House proposed to
authorize the President to appoint this man in
a position in which he has not the power to
put any man now without an act of Congress,
it is like the case of appointing a lieutenant
to be a captain. The President cannot do it
without the permission of Congress, because
men have to begin at a certain grade. This
bill authorizes the President, not to appoint
this man, because if he had the power to
appoint at all he could appoint this man or
any other man, but it gives hiin the power of
appointment to a particular grade: in other
words, it is simply an awkward way'of allow-
ing him to be restored at the foot of the list.
That is the whole story, and I think it would
be an injustice to object to the bill merely on
account of tbat word.
Mr. MORTON. 1 will inquire of the com-
mittee whether, when this man resigned, his
vacancy was filled by appointment?
Mr. h ERRY, of Michigan. I am not ad-
vised as to that and cannot inform the Senator.
I will state the circumstances under which the
resignation took pLce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a new office, I
am toid.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will state to
the Senator from Indiana the circumstances
under whichthe resignation took place. George
Plunkett was selected on account of his stand-
ing to fill the position of paymaster in the city
of New York. Very soon after the appoint-
ment was made, the two offices of purchasing
and disbursing agent were combined and the
place was given to another man, and this gen-
tleman, supposing it was a reflection on his
standing in the service, tendered his resigna-
tion. He afterward foutid that it was not so,
and he now asks to be reappointed. His stand-
ing in the service is such that it seems to me
no Senator can object to a man of his character
being reappointed.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that the
effect of this bill is to provide for an additional
paymaster, to add one to the number'now
authorized by law, and designating one whom
the President shall appoint. I have no objec-
tion to the reappointment of this gentleman ;
but the question is as to the legal effect of it.
if the place has been filled, if the President
has no authority now to appoint anybody,
we authorize him to make an additional pay-
master, and designate the person to be ap-
pointed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, It is left in the
discretion of the President whether the ap
pointment shall be made, as the Senator would
have heard if he had listened to the reading of
the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. When this man resigned,
of course somebody else was permitted to take
his place. This is a House bill, and I think
myself it would have been better if it had read
" reappointed but by this expression "au-
thorised to appoint," it simply restores this
man to the foot of the list of paymasters. He
might now be appointed assistant paymaster
and travel all the way up again; but he is an
excellent officer and the Department have rec-
ommended his restoration. I am not sure that
it may not create a new office, but I take it
Congress has a right to create it if they see fit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of him if we have not some scores of paymas-
ters in the Navy more than are needed, and
if there is not a proposition to reduce them?
Mr. CRAGIN. There is no proposition to
reduce them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we not a great
many more than are necessary ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I am not sure about that.
The number has been reduced repeatedly
within the last few years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had a great many
during the war, and I have been informed
that the subject has been discussed in some
way with the idea of reducing the force.
Mr. CRAGIN. The number was reduced
in 1870 and also in 1871.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire, who runs the Naval Com-
mittee, say that in his opinion we have no more
paymasters than we need?
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say that in my opinion
I do not think one more is absolutely neces-
sary. _ [Laughter.] But here is a case that is
peculiar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Give this man a pen-
sion, but do not pass a law of this sort.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is a House bill simply
proposing to restore him to his old position.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will remind
the Senator from New Hampshire of the fact
that this paymaster served on the Hartford
under Admiral Farragut, and was selected as
paymaster for the Mediterranean squadron.
The history shows that the Department placed
great confidence in him ; that by a misappre-
hension on his part he tendered his resigna-
tion ; and it seems but just that he should be
restored to the service.
Mr. CRAGIN. We have restored some
very poor officers compared with this man by
just such acts as this.
Mr.^ ALCORN. I desire to bring to the
attention of the Senate a single point in this
case that had some influence upon my mind
as a member of the committee in voting for it,
and which has not yet been presented; at
least I have not heard it. When this gentle-
man, Mr. Plunkett, resigned his place it was
upon condition. He stated that if the promo-
tion of another officer above him was held as
a reflection upon his honesty and integrity, he
tendered his resignation of the place he held
in the Navy. I think I am correct, in this. It
was only a conditional tender of his resigna-
tion. The Secretary of ihe Navy misappre-
hended the condition, and promptly accepted
his resignation, which was as much as to say
to him, 'J The Government has no confidence
in you ; it has lost faith in your honesty and
integrity." Afterward, when the matter was
brought to the attention of the Secretary of
the Navy, he said if he had known that that
had been the condition of the resignation he
would not have accepted it, for there was no
intention on the part of the Government to
reflect on the integrity of this officer. In this
condition of affairs he comes before Congress
and asks to be restored, and I supported the
proposition in committee, thinking that he had
an equitable claim to restoration.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Ihe yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows :
iflcor,n' Anthony, Bayard, Blair.
Ulaytoa, Cole, Corbott, (Jragm, 1'erry of Michigan,
