37M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 90) to declare and enforce
the civil rights of citizens of the United States;
and
A bill (S. No. 656) to extend the provisions
of the fourth section of the act approved
April 20, 1871.
john w. mears and william hoolton, jr.
Mr. L. MYERS. I now ask leave to report
from the Committee on Patents, for considera-
tion at this time, a bill for the relief of John
W. Hears, administrator, and William Houl-
ton, jr.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which the Chair will ask for objections.
The bill was read. It provides that John W.
Mears, administrator of the estate of the late
Henry D. Mears, and William Iloulton, jr.,
shall have leave to make a new application to
the Commissioner of Patents for the exten-
tion of letters-patent granted to the late Henry
D. Mears and William Houlton, jr., July 14,
1857, for improvement in car seals, for four-
teen years from said date, in the same manner
as they could have done at least ninety days
before the expiration of the patent; and that
the Commissioner of Patents shall be author-
ized to consider and determine said applica-
tion in the same manner and with the same
effect as if it had been filed ninety days before
the expiration of said patent; provided that
no damages shall be collected from any per-
son for any infringement of said patent after
the expiration and before the extension of the
same.
Mt, L. MYERS. I desire to state that this
bill is simply for the correction of an error.
The party applying did not send in the letters
of administration within the time by a few
days, and the Commissioner of Patents re-
quests that this be passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Has this party
had this patent, for fourteen years?
Mr. L. MYERS. He has had it for fourteen
years, but not for twenty-one years.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I must object to
this bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. The party never has had
his hearing before the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension. The letter of administration
was sent more than sixty days, but not quite
ninety days before the expiration of the patent.
The law requires a publication of sixty days,
and in this case one or two days were lacking
of the time. This bill is merely for the cor-
rection of an error.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As this patent
has had its fourteen years, I must object to
this bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. The Committee on Patents
report this bill unanimously. It is merely
for the correction of an error; we pass upon
nothing, but merely allow the party to have
a hearing.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This is the plea
in every case, and under that plea patents are
extended, to the great injury of the public,
patents that have gone into public use.
Mr. L. MYERS. This patent has not gone
into public use; there is no extension granted
by this bill; it is merely for the correction of
an error. _ I move that the rules be suspended,
and the bill passed.
personal explanation.
Mr. HANCOCK. Mr. Speaker, as was
explained by one of my colleagues, [Mr. Con-
nek,] I was unavoidably absent on yesterday
when the Post Office appropriation bill was
voted upon. I wish to state had I been pres-
ent when the Senate amendment donating
$1,000,000 annually for ten years to the Pacific
Mail Company was acted upon I would have
voted in the negative.
amnesty bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read for the information of the Honse
a bill of the House just returned from the
Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
An act (H. R. No. 2761) to remove political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution of the United
States.
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of each House concurrmgtherein,)
That all political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments of the
Constitution of the United States are hereby re-
moved from all persons whomsoever, except Sena-
tors and Representatives of the Thirty-Sixth and
Thirty-Seventh Congresses, officers in the judicial,
military, and naval service of the Dnited States,
heads of Departments, and foreign ministers of the
United States.
Passed the House of Representatives. May, 13,1872.
168 ' EDWARD McPHERSON. Clerh.
In the Senate op the United States,
May 21,1872.
Resolved, That this do pass, two thirds of the Sen-
ate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: GEO. C. GORHAM, Secretary,
Mr. BINGHAM. Are these indorsements on
this bill special or extraordinary, and does the
reading of them mean that the bill is not to
be sent to the President for approval? I do
not understand exactly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the language of the Constitution
requires that it shall be sent to the President.
Mr. BINGHAM. Such bills always have
been sent to the President, and he has always
signed them.
Mr. BROOKS. Why so?
Mr. BINGHAM. Because it is an act of
legislation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had it read
under the impression that it was not necessary
to send this bill to the President.
Mr. BINGHAM. They have always been
sent to the President.
Mr. BROOKS. I think not.
Mr. BINGHAM. It differs from ordinary
legislation in no way except that this special
provision of the Constitution requires that this
act shall pass by a two-thirds vote. But it is
perfectly clear that it is a power vested in the
Congress of the United States in the form of
legislation, and, therefore, although a two-
thirds vote is required for this special pur-
pose, it is like every other act of legislation,
and heretofore such acts have been presented
to the President for hie approval.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read the third section of the four-
teenth article of constitutional amendments.
It has been the impression of the Chair, in
view of the provisions of this section, that the
bill does not require the signature of the Ex-
ecutive. If, however, it has been the practice
to send to the President for his signature
special amnesty bills, many of which have
been passed, the Chair will direct this to be
sent.
Mr. RANDALL. What does the constitu-
tional amendment provide?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. 3. No person shall be aSenatororRepresent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who, having
pi eviously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability."
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest that in case
of amendments to the Constitution which, like
bills for the removal of disabilities, require a
two-thirds vote of Congress, it has been de-
cided that it is unnecessary to send them to
the President for signature, especial attention
having been called to this question during the
administration of Mr. Johnson. The pro-
visionof the Constitution just read, that "Con-
gress may, by a vote of two thirds of each
House, remove such disability," seems to me
to imply clearly that this power is independent
of the President.
. Mr. DAWES. President Lincoln once sent
to Congress a message withdrawing his ap-
proval of a constitutional amendment which
had been inadvertently sent to him, and which
he had signed without having his attention
called to the question. But the removal of
disabilities may stand upon a somewhat dif-
ferent ground, and I think we had better send
this bill to the President.
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot understand the
anxiety of gentlemen to send this bill to the
President when the power of Congress in this
matter is clearly independent of any concur-
rence by the President.
Mr. COX. They want to give the Presi-
dent the credit of doing at the eleventh hour
what he has refused to do for seven years.
Mr. DAWES. We desire that there shall
be no doubt of the efficacy of this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no doubt it will be
entirely effective in virtue of the approval of
two thirds of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course,
two thirds having voted for the bill, it would
be passed over a presidential veto; but no-
body expects that.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that this bill
is a congressional act differing from other bills
only in the number of votes necessary to pass it.
Mr. BROOKS. It is the express provision
of the Constitution that " Congress may, by a
vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disabilities." I have not the least doubt of
the entire validity of the bill as it now stands.
We run no risk by declining to send it to the
President.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that all special
acts which have been passed under the same
provision have been sent to the President for
his approval. Why make this an exception?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that all amnesty bills heretofore passed
since the adoption of the fourteenth amend-
ment have been submitted to the President for
his approval. The Chair directs that this bill
be enrolled and sent to the President.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to put a
question to the Speaker. If this bill goes to
the President, and is signed, well and good ;
but if he should not sign it, what then?
The SPEAKER. That is a question for
Congress, not the Chair, to decide.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not understand that
Congress decides it. I understand it is decided
by the letter and spirit of the constitutional
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to follow the precedents and practices which
have received the sanction of the House. The
sending of this bill to the President is purely
a matter of ministerial duty on the part of the
Chair, and does not involve the constitutional
question.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection, if it
gratifies the Republican party, that their Pres-
ident should sign a bill of this kind even at
the eleventh hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. Especially after the Pres-
ident has recommended such a measure in his
message.
Mr. BECK. I desire to offer a resolution
on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain it.
Mr. BECK. It is a resolution declaring that
in the opinion of Congress 
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain it.
Mr. BECK. By what authority, then, does
