2848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Francisco itself, 'whatever local speculators
may think now, that that harbor should be
crowded with the fleets of commerce; that
San Francisco should have the business that
grow,s out of furnishing, fitting, building, and
repairing those fleets; that she should have
markets for her manufactures in the great
marts of the East; that she should grow great
by commerce, by manufactures, by the legiti-
mate means that build up great cities, and not
by sitting as a toll-gatherer on commerce at
the Golden Gate.
DESTROYED OR DEFACED BONDS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a state-
ment of a nature somewhat personal, although
not to myself.
During the fire at Chicago last fall quite a
number of bonds of the United States were
destroyed in the fire. The parties who have
suffered by their destruction desire to have
those bonds duplicated. We have a law upon
the statute-book authorizing that to be done at
the Treasury Department in the case of regis-
tered, but not of coupon bonds. The matter
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. They have examined it with some
care, and have prepared a bill which they have
instructed me to report, and which I now ask
permission to present to the House and have
put upon its passage.
The bill (H. R. No. 2565) to provide for the
issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
bonds of the United States was, by unanimous
consent, introduced and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. M A YN AIID. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objection, if any, will
be in order.
Mr. IIOLMAN. To save time I would ask
the gentleman if the bill has been printed? If
not, I think it is so important a measure that
it should not be considered now.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill is a very short
one, and its terms I think can be as well com-
prehended by hearing it read as in any other
way. 1 would be glad if the gentleman from
Indiana [Mi-. Hoi,man'] would give his atten-
tion, for I am aware that this is a subject in
which he is inteiested. L would bo glad to
hear any suggestion coming from him in re-
gard to it. it is a bill which has been consid-
ered with a great deal of care, and if the gen-
tleman will be kind enough to hear it read and
give it his attention, I think he will not object
to its being disposed of now.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a subject which
has been from time to time, during the last
three years, before the Committee of Claims.
It is a very important measure. I feel satis-
fied that some such bill should pass; but no
measure ought to pass which is not carefully
guarded.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means thought it better to have a general
law by which these cases should be examined
at the Treasury Department under the regu-
lations established there, than to have indi-
vidual cases brought here from time to time
to Congress, where the examination must neces-
sarily be imperfect and not as satisfactory or
conclusive as it would be in the way here pro-
posed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I approve of the object
of the bill, but I desire to have the measure
very carefully guarded, and I would suggest
that we order it to be printed, with a view to
its consideration on Monday.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say further that I
submitted the bill to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Claims, who examined it with some
care, and who I presume is ready to express
the opinion he formed of it on such examin-
ation as he gave it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to throw
any obstacle in the way of the passage of the
bill; bat I think it ought to be printed, that
members may have an opportunity of exam-
ining it before it is put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. If the bill is printed and
recommitted the Chair will recognize the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynaed] to
bring it up on the earliest occasion next week.
The bill was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be also
printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered. The bill is as follows:
A bill to provide for the issue of bonds in lieu of
destroyed or defaced bonds ol the United States.
Beit enacted, &c., That whenever it shall appear
to the Secretary of the Treasury, by clear and un-
equivoca 1 proof, that any interest-bearing bond of the
United States has, without bad faith upon the part
of the owner, been destroyed wholly or in part, or
so dcfaced as to impair its value to the holder, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall, uuder such regula-
tions, and with such restrictions as to time and re-
tention for security or otherwise as he may prescribe,
issue a duplicate of such bond of the same date, to
beso marked, and bearing like interest as the bond
so proved to have been destroyed or defaced : Pro-
vided, That the owner of a destroyed or defaced
bond shall surrender the same, or so much thereof as
remains, and shall file in the Treasury a bond in a
penal sum equal to the amount of said destroyed or
defaced bond, and the interest which would accrue
thereon uutil the principal thereof is due and pay-
able, with two good and sufficient sureties, residents
of the United States.to be approvedby theSecretary
of the Treasury, with conditions to indemnify and
save harmless the United States from any claim
because of the said destroyed or defaced bond.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr, KING asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks on the question of recon-
struction in the late insurrectionary States.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. GARRETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks on the tariff. [See Ap-
pendix ]
A11 MY OFFICERS' RECORD.
On motion of Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 867) authorizing the
Secretary of War to correct the Army officers'
record, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
COTTON ILLEGALLY SEIZED.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
256G.) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay out to the owners thereof the pro-
ceeds of the sale of cotton illegally seized and
converted after the 30th of June, 1865 ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and recommitted.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. NIBLACK entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted.
ARMS FOR MONTANA SETTLERS.
Mr. CLAGETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2567) to authorize
the shipment of arms to the Territory of
Montana; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, instructs the Sec-
retary of War, without delay, to cause five
hundred Spencer carbines and one hundred
thousand cartridges to be forwarded to and
placed at the disposal of the Governor of the
Territory of Montana, delivered at Virginia
City, in said Territory, for distribution among
the settlers of the Gallatin valley and other
exposed localities in said Territory, for home
defense against Indian raids; and the Governor
of said Territory, in making said distribution,
shall take from the parties to whom they may
be distributed, good and sufficient security for
the return of said arms to the United States
after the necessity for their use has ceased.
Mr. CLAGETT. I will simply state that
my information from my Territory is that the
Indians have already commenced making raids
The settlers have an insufficiency of arms for
the purpose of self-defense. This bill simply
authorizes the Secretary of War to send out
five huudied repeating rifles for use by the set-
tiers for self-detense, if necessary. It will take
some three weeks for the guns to get there,
after this bill shall have passed. By passing
it now, millions of dollars will be saved.
Mr. BIRD. Has this bill been considered
by a committee?
Mr. CLAGETT. It has been submitted
to the chairman and two other members of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DONNAN. I would suggest that it would
be best to refer this bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with authority to report it
back at any time.
Mr. BIRD. I will not object to that.
Mr. CLAGETT. Very well; let that be
done.
No objection being made, the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with leave to report thereon at any time.
CIRCUIT COUNTS IN EIGHTH CIRCUIT.
Mr. GOODRICH, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that the
same do pass, House bill No. 1072, to fix the
time of United States circuit courts in the
eighth circuit.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, in its first section, provides that
the circuit courts in the eighth judicial circuit
shall be held hereafter in the several distiicts
as follows: in the district of Missouri com-
mencing on the third Monday of March and
the third Monday of September; in the east-
ern district of Arkansas on the second Monday
of April and the fourth Monday of October;
in the district of Nebraska on the first Mon-
day of May and the second Monday of No-
vember; in the district of Iowa on the second
Monday of May and the second Monday of
October; in the district of Kansas on the first
Monday of June and the fourth Monday of
November; and in Minnesota on the third
Monday of June and the second Monday of
December of each year.
The second section provides that this act
shall take effect on the 1st day of July, 1872;
and all acts prescribing other times for hold-
ing the terms of said court are hereby repealed
so far as they conflict with this act.
The third section provides that no action,
suit, proceeding, or process in any of the said
courts shall abate or be rendered invalid by
reason of this act; but the same shall in the
several districts be deemed to be returnable
to, pending and triable in the terms of the cir-
cuit courts hereby established next after the
return day thereof.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is this bill reported
for present consideration?
Mr. GOODRICH. It is.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Does it make any
change in the times for holding court in
Missouri ?
The SPEAKER. That portion of the bill
will be again read.
The Clerk read that portion of the bill fixing
the time for holding the circuit court in Mis-
souri on the third Monday of March and third
Monday of September in each year.
Mr. GOODRICH. This bill is reported by
the Judiciary Committee, upon the request
of the judges of that court. There seems to
be no sort of question about the propriety of
$e times proposed by this bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Does this refer to
the district court or circuit court?
Mr. GOODRICH. The circuit court.
Mr. McCRARY. As the law now stands
the times fixed for holding the circuit courts
in the several States embraced in this circuit
conflict, so that it is impossible for the courts
to be all held at the times now fixed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
