108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Frelinghuysen.
42d Cong.....2d Sess.
I do not say that it is probable this pro-
ceeding in any result would induce war, or
lead to a demand for reparation ; but I do say
that if the Senator could give his partisan
construction to the existing facts, he would
succeed in planting the seeds of discord; he
would succeed in impairing the perfect friend-
ship which should exist between the United
States and that great Power, so that when
some real difficulty, some unforeseen event,
with its strain, shall come, the cord of friend-
ship between these two great Powers will more
easily part. I insist that, as American Sen-
ators, we should touch the question of national
neutrality cautiously, delicately, and with a
determination, if possible, to make a case for
our country against the world.
Mr. President, the Senator has told us re-
peatedly that we were to pursue this investiga-
tion to ascertain whether we had violated our
neutral obligations as a test of our own integ-
rity, that we mightreform andbemorecircum-
spect. I dislike to deal in ridicule, but it
seems to me that that proposition is well nigh
absurd. The proposition in effect is that we
should improve this Lenten season for national
self examination to ascertain the holiness of
the nation ; that, with the book of interna-
tional law and the Senator's argument as a
hand-book, we should see if we cannot find
some root of bitterness in the national heart;
and it we were thus enabled to write some
bitter thing against ourselves, what should we
do? Making reparation is some relief to the
contrite ; but we cannot do that, for there is
nobody who will accept the tender ourstricken
conscience makes, because nobody is injured.
Then we must resort to the ghostly exercise
of.penance, and what shall the penance be?
As germane to the subject, shall we give up
San Juan ? No; even that poor privilege the
Senator denies our country, for he tells us that
the arbitrator who is to determine the San
Juan question is so superior to the common
frailties of humanity that he will think just as
well of a nation that has been made a coward
by its conscience and has owned that it has
grievously wronged him as he would of an
honest, bold, and independent nation.
I know of no other penance to which we
could resort unless it be that the crude doc-
trines on international law drawn out by this
debate, and which have not failed to reach the
diplomatic gallery, and are now being wafted
across the Atlantic to be presented as author-
ity at the court of Geneva, shall sacrifice our
Alabama claims. This, I think, might be a
penance that would correct our sickly senti-
mentality of conscience and again bring us to
a healthful moral condition! Permit me to
decline any part in such an enterprise.
Sir, I have no words of compliment to pay
to the Germans. It was with but doubtful
taste that the Senator from Missouri ridiculed
those who frankly expressed their favorable
opinion of our American citizens of German
descent, by saying that Senators were just now
"very sweet upon the Germans." I do not pro-
fess to be '' very sweet" on anybody. I repre-
sentalarge German constituency who are above
my compliments. They did not come here
paupers; but bringing themselves, their enter-
prise, spirit, and their property, they brought
to us as much as we have given them. They
came here voluntarily, because they loved our
broad, free liberty better than the imperialism
of their home, and I will run the risk of their
sustaining me while I vindicate the honor and
the integrity of our common country against
the world. But if they do not, if l"am mis-
taken in my estimate of their views, that will
make no difference in my course on this ques-
tion. I never will inaugurate an investigation
which assumes in the outset that our nation has
been guilty of impropriety and misconduct
when no case is made and no such charge is
presented against it.
Mr. President, we underrate the intelligence
of the people. They hate fraud, but desire
no investigation the object of which is to raise
a doubt of innocence, and not to solve a doubt
of guilt. They hate fraud, bat do not desire
to see innocence clothed and deformed in the
garb and vestments of guilt. They hate fraud,
but they do not need to be told with every
breath that we are its determined enemies.
They know it. They know that the Repub-
lican party is not held together by " the cohe-
sive power of public plunder." They hate
fraud, but they would be better pleased if we
would preserve the dignity of our excellent
Administration than subject it to these ground-
less investigations.
You can doubt anybody or anything to death.
You can by putting questions, if they are list-
ened to, destroy the character of Government,
party, or individual. The Senator from Mis-
souri is entirely familiar, I suppose, with the
letter of Sir William Draper to Junius, where
he says that if yon will permit him to interro-
gate any man in the realm .011 the Decalogue,
he will ruin his reputation, fie will say to
one, " Didst thou neverstealand to another,
"Didst thou never murder;" and to Junius
himself, "Didst thou never bear false witness
against thy neighbor?" If the investigation
is refused, the conclusion is that of course
there is guilt; if it is accepted, then it is a
pity that he needed to be tried ; how much
better had he been like Csesar's wife, beyond
suspicion 1 Where there is so much smoke
there must be some fire. It is on the princi-
ple here indicated that I insist this practice
of putting investigations on foot is calculated
most unjustly to injure those toward whom
they are directed, no matter how innocent
they may be.
_ The Senator from Missouri on many occa-
sions has made a charge against the President
of the United States which he has asserted to
be entirely beyond refutation. The charge is
presented as a logical syllogism, and then he,
with marked confidence, asks, what answer
have you to make? In speaking of the New
York custom-house, he says, "Here is a sys-
tem of robbery; the merchants of New York
pronounce against it; the committee of the
Senate report against it; the Secretary of the
Treasury is opposed to it, and yet it continues;
and hence there must be some power greater
than the merchants of New York, greater than
the committee of the Senate, and greater than
the Secretary of the Treasury sustaining it."
The Senator being charged that by the greater
power referred to he meant the President of
the United States, does not deny it, but virtu-
ally admits that the President is the person
intended. I do not believe, sir, that any honest
man can be convicted of dishonesty by all the
syllogisms and logic known to the schools.
Supposing the fact should be that the col-
lectors of New York hold the law to be that
inasmuch as they and their bondsmen are lia-
ble_ for the safe delivery of goods they are
entitled to make the rules fqr the delivery of
goods—that these rules are legally subject to
their discretion—fhen the power greater than
the merchants, the committee of the Senate, or
the Secretary of the Treasury, would be the law
of the land, and not the President of the Uni-
ted States. But then, perhaps, the Senator
would say the President should have removed
the collectors. I do not know that to be so.
I think we would have heard a charge of
tyranny against the President greater than
that now made if he had removed an official
because he exercised a discretion reposed in
him by the law. Would the Senate impeach
a judge, no matter how much they differed
from him, for an opinion on a question of dis-
cretion which the law of the land committed
to him ? I know that Collector Grinnell in-
sisted the ground I- have indicated, holding
that inasmuch as he and his bondsmen were
liable for the delivery of goods he was entitled
to make the rules relating to their delivery.
He was removed. I have been informed that
Collector Murphy took the same ground, and
he has been removed.
Mr. SCHURZ. Not removed.
• Mr. FE1SL1NGHUYSEN. Well, he re-
signed; and I understood Collector Arthur is
about to change the rule, and he is retained by
the Administration. Now, it would look as if
the power greater than merchants, Senate, or
Secretary was the law. I have conversed with
the Secretary of the Treasury on this subject,
and he informs me the position I have stated
is that taken by the collectors, and that while
he has not admitted or denied the correctness
of what they insist on he has been unwilling
to direct officials to execute rules to which he
knew they were opposed.
But further, sir, this question has recently
been submitted by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to his legal adviser. I will read an extract
from the opinion the Secretary has received.
It concludes thus:
" ri^t of selecting any particular warehouse
ior the deposit of unclaimed or general order goods
seems, from the uniform tenor of the legislation
affecting the question, to be a personal privilege of
the collector, or to speak with more precision, a dis-
cretionary exercise of power vested in the person
holding such office for the time being."
The opinion is exhaustive, and sustained by
many authorities. Now, if it be true accord-
ing to this opinion, as no doubt it is, that it
is the legal right of the collectors to make
their own regulations for the delivery of goods,
then, instead of the plain, bravB man at the
other end of the avenue, whom the people
esteem, being the one that in this matter is in
fault, it is the Senator from Missouri himself
who should bear the censure. He is a mem-
ber of the highest legislative body. It is to
him that it was committed to investigate this
subject. He knew of the existing evils, for
he reported them.* He has made it the ground
of accusation.,and if the whole difficulty re-
suits from the defect in the law in leaving so
injurious a discretion with the collector, why
has he not presented a bill to cure the defect?
It is the legislator, to whom the subject was
committed, and not the President of the Uni-
ted States, who should be held responsible to
the public.
Pardon a word on politics, or I am sure I
shall in this debate be considered as omitting
my duty. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Missouri informs us that
he will not vote the Republican ticket if Gen-
eral Grant is the nominee of the Philadelphia
convention. I am sorry, and I hope he will
change his mind. No Republican will reach
that conclusion who appreciates what that
party has done and is yet to do. When it
came into power it iound the Government
without a Navy, without an Army, with a
Ireasury bankrupt in money and in credit,
aud assailed by the most gigantic rebellion
the world ever saw. It vigorously seized the
rems of government and rescued the nation,
ihat is not all; it stamped freedom on the
nation, and made it the chartered right of
every person in the land. Up to that time,
whether a man was a freeman or a slave
depended upon the legislation of the State in
which he Jivpd.
bir, the abolition of slavery was a sublime
act. They had slavery in Rome, not such a
degraded system as we had here; hut still
slavery. When it was purposed to make a
