1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGPvESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Frelinghuysen.
Senate.
slave afreedman, he was brought to the forum,
and stood upon a stool, and theprcetor urbanis,
the mayor of the city, gave him a whirl, and
slapping him on the back in the presence
of the multitude, shouted liber esto, be free,
and he became a freedman. The Repub-
lican party in the cadence of a heavenly music
have shouted liber esto, be free, to four mil-
lions of God's people. And in the surging
throng struggling for freedom, the stalwart
form of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumxer] was always seen, and his stentorian
voice was always heard. He will not desert
the Republican party; hecannot; beisapartof
it, and it is a part of him, and in a few months
thousands will rejoice to see the champion of
civil liberty in the forum, and the champion
of civil liberty in the field, working and striv-
ing to accomplish the same glorious results.
Unless the Senator from Missouri changes
his determination, there will cornea fork in the
pathway of his life when he must needs bid
farewell to the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Republican party has accomplished
still more. It has given the ballot, without
distinction of race or color, to our fellow-men,
thereby promoting their respectability and
securing to them self-protection.
And that is not all, sir. It has created
American citizenship. Citizenship was form-
erly dependent on the legislation of States,
so that, as deolared by the Supreme Court of
the United States, a man might have been a
citizen in Massachusetts and yet not one in
South Carolina. It has made citizenship
national; and now in every nook and corner
of the land every person born or naturalized
in the United States can claim, " I am an
American citizen," and be protected under
the panoply of our laws and the segis of the
nation.
We are no more in favor of unconstitutional
Ku Kinx laws than the subscribers to the Mis-
souri platform, but we are in favor of consti-
tutional Ku Klux laws. We believe that the
people of the country, having recently by vote
declared tliat every person born in the United
States shall be a citizen thereof, and that he
shall not be denied the equal protection of the
law, and that it is the duty of Congress to
enforce this enactment by proper legislation,
that the Government has some constitutional
power over the subject. When the Govern-
ment of the United States sees the dwellings
of the citizens lighting up the heavens at night
and sees the wives and children of our people
driven from their homes, the nation is not to
stand like a driveling imbecile, saying, "We
are very sorry for your sufferings, but we are
impotent to protect you." No, sir, this nation
is not impotent, but is omnipotent to enforce
its laws and protect its citizens. If that be uot
true, then better dissolve the Government,
and let every man from the nearest forest cut
a elub and hew his way through life as best he
can. The Government that cannot constitu-
tionally protect its citizens against the torch
of the incendiary, protect their wives and chil-
dren from being scourged or murdered, is a
curse, atjd had better be destroyed.
Mr. President, this Republican party has a
grand work yet to perform. It is not hanging
on to the skirts of power, or being drawn
through the mire and dirt of politics, as we
have been told. No ; it is sweeping on through
the beautiful gates of progress, bringing civil-
ization, elevation, and refinement to the world.
We are not henchmen, as the Senator from
Missouri called us. Some were born free, and
all of us desire to extend the blessings of free-
dom to all.
I cannot better describe the future of this
party than in the beautiful words of John
Bright, uttered by him in the darkest days of
our rebellion. Speaking of our country, that
great statesman said, " I see one vast confed-
eration, extending in unbroken line from
the frozen north to the more glowing south,
and from the boisterous billows of the Atlantic
westward to the more placid waters of the
Pacific main; and I see one people, one lan-
guage, one law, one faith; and over all that
wide continent the home of freedom and a
refuge for the oppressed of every race and of
every clime." The prophetic vision thus seen
in the dark night of our struggle it is the
mission of this grand party to make history.
A word to the Senator from Illinois. I
understood him to criticise Senators who
voted against his motion to create a retrench-
ment committee, and to say that those votes
were given for the purpose of preventing an
investigation of fraud. I voted against his
resolution, and if a man of ordinary intelli-
gence. and honesty, 1 ought to be able and will-
ing to give the public when such a charge is
made the reasons for my vote. Sir, I believe
that the interests of this country are identified
with the Republican party; others are at
liberty to think differently. I believe that the
success of the Republican party is inseparably
connected with the nomination of General
Grant. There, too, others may differ from me.
We were on the eve of a most important elec-
tion, and I think I would have been untrue to
my country and to the party had 1 so voted as
to commit the investigation of all the affairs
of the Government to those who were hostile
to the Administration; and such would have
been the character of the committee if that
resolution had prevailed. I so voted as to
place the appointment of that committee in
the hands of the Senate. 1 believe that every
Government, party, or individual, if tried at
all, should, no matter how innocent, be tried
by an impartial, unbiased tribunal, and not by
enemies.
The. Senator from Illinois said that it was
reported in the papers that the committee
appointed by the Senate had turned out to be
a whitewashing committee, and that it was
measurably correct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator is
so reported in the New York papers. I have
it here ; and I so understood him. .
Mr. TRUMBULL, i did not say that. I
stated that it was reported in the papers and
called a whitewashing committee, but £ did
not say that that report was measurably cor-
rect. I used no such language as that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Did the Senator
say that it was correct?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I did not. I
made some remarks upon the action of the
committee as repoited in the papers, stating
that I would not discuss its action, but stating
what the papers had said in reference to it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am glad to
be corrected by the Senator. I understood
him to say that the papers called it a white-
washing committee, and that the report of
that committee, which was soon to be intro-
duced, would show that it was so. But, of
course, I do not insist upon what the Senator
disclaims.
Sir, it is no whitewashing committee. There
is now and then a man in the world who does
not want office and yet has it; who does not
want reputation and yet gets it. There is
now and then a man who spends his time not
in inquiring, " What shall I get; what shall I
have; where shall I go ;" but the great ques-
tion of whose life is, " What shall I be?" He
spends his time in makiug it an instrument
which, as I think Beecher said, gives some
harmony in time, but the sweetest music of
which is reserved for eternity ; he gives his
life to making character—Governor Book-
ingham, the chairman of the committee, is
such a man. Is he the head of a committee
to whitewash fraud? Go tell it in Connec-
ticut ; tell it to the soldiers who have survived
the war; his name is in all the churches;
tell itthere, and a smile of derision and " We
know him, sir," will be the only response.
That much I say in answer to the declaration
of the newspapers that the committee of
the Senate on investigation is a whitewash-
ing committee; and Governor Buckingham
is associated with as worthy gentlemen as
there are in the nation.
Mr. President, what do all the assaults on
our President amount to ? Who cares for
them? While the Senator from Missouri was
making his eloquent address the other day,
the united Republicans of his State, amid the
sound of drum and "Rally 'round the flag,
boys," were passing unanimously resolutions
commending the administration of Grant, and
appointing a united delegation to go to Phila-
delphia to renominate him. What effect have
all these charges ? They are failures. The
preamble to this resolution tried gracefully to
slide out of a side-door, when the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] caught it by the
collar and said, "Stand until we have done
with you," and the whole proceeding falls
dead upon the people.
Why, sir, the proceedings are read in our
factories, and the men with resolute will and
sturdy arm lay them quietly aside and say,
" They ought not to speak so of General Grant;
he joined with us in shielding the great heart
of this Republic"
These proceedings are read by the maimed
inhabitant of the log-house on our frontier.
He looks at his rifle hanging across the breast-
work of the chimney, and while a thousand
memories there cluster he turns to the rough
engraving of his-general hanging on his white-
washed wall, then lays aside the resolutions
saying, "A reindorsement by the people shall
vindicate General Grant from these atta- ks."
These proceedings are read by the reflect-
ing and benevolent; and they remember that
he, first in the list of worthy Presidents, took
measures to have our national difficulties set-
tled by peaceful arbitration instead of the
cruel arbitrament of the sword, which has
every generation made the world ahell. They
remember that he, first in the list of worthy
Presidents, adopted a humane, just, and
Christian policy toward the aborigines of the
country. They remember that he, first in the
list of Presidents, has adopted a civd service
reform, contrary to the wishes of the politi-
cians around him, contrary to his own interests
as a partisan, and all this to secure grea'er
integrity in the Government; and these reflect-
ing people lay the jjroceedings aside, saying,
" By their fruits ye shall know them ; do men
gather grapes of thorns, or figs of Ihistles?"
and they thank God for giving their country
so just a ruler.
The colored people read the resolutions, and
say, " We remember how skillfully and faith-
fully he executed the reconstruction laws for
us; we remember that last spring he held here
a reluctant Congress until they should pass a
Ku- Klux law, and lhat he has so enforced it
as to give us protection for our property,
our wives, and our children; he is a true
man."
And all over the world, wherever you find a
little circle whose livelihood depends upon the
payment of the interest of American securi-
ties, remembering with what fidelity he con-
tended in favor of the faith and credit of this
nation, they say, "You may introduce what
resolutions you please; we know and feel that
he is an honest man.''
Mr. President, as intelligent men as those
who now assail him, not so good men because
less loyal, have found General Grant a hard
