1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
the Senator when he says that the argument
is that somebody should be put on who voted
against it.
Mr. FRELTNGHUYSEN. I wish my friend
to understand me. I understand the parlia-
mentary rule to be that the committee ought
to consist of those who favored the resolution,
and that that is the parliamentary rule insisted
upon by the Senators from Massachusetts and
Ohio. Now, the record shows that every mem-
ber of this committee did vote for this measure.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend is experienced
enough as a lawyer to know the old maxim,
Qui hceret in litera. haret in cortice. He
slicks in the bark. You cannot evade the rule
by saying you will take six or seven gentlemen
who voted for the resolution. There is another
rule of parliamentary usage, and that is that
the Senator who moves an inquiry is to be
placed at the head of the committee if he is of
the party that is dominant in the body. Is the
Senator from Illinois, who moved the first
broad, sweeping resolulion, placed at the head
of this committee? No, sir, he is not on it
at all.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Will the Senator
allow me to say a single word ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator^ from
Illinois distinctly declined to be the chairman
of the committee, or to be on the committee,
not publicly, but privately.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot undertake  
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only conversation
I ever had upon that subject, according to my
recollection, was with the Senator from Con-
necticut after the Senate voted down the prop-
osition to raise a committee and refer to it the
subjects which I hadincluded in my resolution,
and proposed simply to raise a committee and
refer nothing to it, to give it 110 powers except
such as the Senate should afterward confer
upon it. Then I said to the Senator from Con-
necticut that I could not consent to serve upon
a committee raised in that way, without any
power to do any good.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I think
it must be apparent from what has been said
that this dish has been cooked in a certain con-
clave called "the caucus; " and as I am not
a member of that, body, and not authorized to
pay what took place there, and do not know
what took place, I of course cannot answer
objections that are founded upon what did take
place in the caucus. I do not, know how that,
was. What 1 rose to do was to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the practice that under-
lies this rule of parliamentary law. that it is not
at all such as the Senator from Rhode Island
seems to suppose.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio,
I think, has drawn a wrong inference from
what I said. No such remark of mine was
made in any caucus. What occurred was pri-
vately in this Chamber in a whisper, I think,
between the Senator from Connecticut and
myself.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio is entitled to the floor; but the morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment on Thursday is
before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. As this pertains to the
organization of the Senate, I hope we shall
finish it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that. I
desire to have the unfinished business pending
before the Senate disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the busi-
ness pending at the close of the morning hour
can only be continued by a vote of the Senate.
42d Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 11.
Mr. ANTHONY. In order to get the sense
of the Senate without, consuming all day in
debate, I move to lay the pending business on
the table, with a view to take it up as soon as
this is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] on Thurs-
day afternoon, instructing this committee,
when appointed, to perform certain duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have it read,
so that we may know what we are voting upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves to lay the resolution 011
the table for the purpose indicated by him.
Mr. CONKLING-. Temporarily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Temporarily.
The resolution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Tkl'mbull, as follows:
Resolved That the Committee of Investigation and
Retrenchment be instructed to inquire into the ex-
penditures in all branches of the service of the United
States, and report whether any and what offices ought
to be abolished; whether any and what salaries or
allowances ought to be reduced; what are the meth-
ods of procuring accountability in public officers
or agents in the care and disbursement of public
moneys; whether moneys have been paid out ille-
gally; whether any officers or agents, or other per-
sons, have been or are employed in the publicservice
without authority of law or unnecessarily; and.
generally, how and to what extent the expenses of
the service of the country may and ought to be
curtailed.
And also to consider the expedienc> of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the public
service are now made, as to provide for withdrawing
the public service from being used as an instrument
of political or party patronage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
election of this committee having been super-
seded by this resolulion as the unfinished busi-
ness, the Senator from Rhode Island moves
that it be laid on the table for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 41, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler,Clayton,Conkling, Coibeu. Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. Frcliner-
huysen. etilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe. Kellogg, Lewis^ Morrill ofM'iine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, IS ye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Rice. Sawyer. Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Wil-
son. and Windom—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, D.ivis of West Virginia, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
Patterson, Robertson, Saulsbury, Si'hurz, Steven-
son, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull. and Viekers—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cole, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, llamaey, Spencer,Spraguo, West,
and Wright—ii.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some
Senator desires a formal motion to be put, the
Chair will understand that, the question pend-
ing at the expiration of the morning hour is
still before the Senate ; and the Senator from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and
navs on agreeing to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution offered by him-
self in regard to the personnel of the commit-
tee named.
Th'e veas and nays were ordered.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I had
said that the reason of the rule to which I re-
ferred is that there are in every legislative
body differences of opinion ; and in this par-
ticular case here in the Senate some Senators
believe and affirm in their places that there is
great necessity for investigation; that they
be! i eve great abuses exi st which ought to be ex-
posed, and the exposure of which ought to lead
to action on the part of Congress. Other Sen-
ators do not so believe, or they do not believe
it so strongly as those Senators who have made
these declarations. And it is because of this
difference of belief, which will influence the
action of Senators, that the rule is that those
who are in earnest in favor of investigation
shall constitute a majority of the committee ;
and it is not at all a satisfaction of this rule
to say that you may appoint a committee out
of any seven Senators who voted for the reso-
lution ordering the committee. Upon that
question there was no division at all. Every-
body who voted at all did vote for the resolu-
tion which the Senate adopted I believe there
is one member of this proposed committee—I
am told there is—who did not vote for that
resolution, who did not vote at all, and that
the Globe shows that that is the case—one
who did not vote for it. But though that may
be, that does not touch the question. The
question is not on the appointment of a com-
mittee or ordering that there shall be a stand-
ing committee of this character—upon that,
as I said, there was no division ; but the ques-
tion is upon the investigation ; the question is
how Senators vote on the subject of investi-
gating these abuses.
The resolution offered by the Senator from
Illinois provided for a thorough and searching
investigation. It proposed to give to the com-
mittee the powers that had h«retofore been
given for five years to the Committee on Re-
trenchment and Reform—powers that no man
will say were ever abased ; powers that resulted
in good to the country in the mass of testi-
mony that the committee laid before the two
Houses of Congress. The question was upon
raising a committee with these ample and ple-
nary powers, upon making an investigation
that should be an investigation, raising a com-
mittee favorable to investigation, and clothing
it, with powers that should enable it to be
effective in its work; and how was the vote on
that? That is the test question. Where were
the Senators who were in favor of this thor-
ough investigation, of this broad and compre-
hensive investigation? All voting for the res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois. Wlieie
are tliey in reference to this committee ? Not
one of them is upon it.
Now, Mr. President, this cannot bs got, rid
of by saying that the proposed members of
this committee are respectable and honest men.
No such issue as that can be forced on the Sen-
ate. The rule depends on no such question as
that. We do not admit in parliamentary lan-
guage and in parliamentary usage that this
Senate is composed partly of honest men and
partly of villains; and this rule could have no
existence at, all if it were founded upon any
bitch supposition as that.
Sir, there is another thing about this com-
mittee that is a little strange. At the last
session of the Senate the Senate returned to
its old usage. The majority of the Senate
determined how many members of each com-
mittee the minority should have, and then
allowed the minority to name those members
themselves. That was the old usage of the
Senate—a usage, I believe, that existed from
the foundation of the Government, after the
Senate took out of the hands of the Presid-
ing Officer the appointment of committees.
You know, Mr. President, that for a longtime
the committees of the Senate, like the com-
mittees of the House of Representatives, were
appointed by the Presiding Officer. More
than thirty years ago, ay, forty years ago, the
Senate saw fit to take out of the hands of the
Presiding Officer the appointment of commit-
tees, and to appoint them itself; and from
that, time down to about 18G1 or 1SG2 this
usage, which was reinaugurated at the last,
session, of allowing the minority to choose
their own members of the committees, was.
the universal usage of the Senate. It was
reinaugurated at the last session; it was
adopted again at this session, I believe. 1
was not here at the time, but 1 believe that
was the fact in reference to every committee
