1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Chair direct that this bill be sent to the
President?
The SPEAKER. Because all other bills
of this kind have been so sent. The Clerk
informs the Chair that it has been the univer-
sal custom to send amnesty bills to the Presi-
dent for his signature.
Mr. BECK. That may be true; but 
The SPEAKER. Why, then, should the
Chair assume to depart from the practice of
the House'/
Mr. BECK. Why should not the Chair
allow the House to express its opinion on *the
subject 1
The SPEAKER. If there be unanimous
consent, the Chair will entertain the resolution.
The Chair will ask whether there is any objec-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not en-
tertain it as a question of privilege, as it
changes the rules of the House, which require
one day's notice. The Chair is bound by the
practice of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to have the
question of order settled at this time. It
makes no difference to me whether the bill
goes to the President or not; but unless we
settle it now, however, the question might
hereafter become an embarrassing one. Sup-
pose, for instance, the bill should be sent to
the President of the United States, and he
should keep it until after the adjournment of
Congress?
Mr. STEVENSON. Then it will be as good
as it is now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But suppose such
an event takes place, what then ?
Mr. CONGEit. I demand the regular order.
Mr. COX. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. COX. I should like to avoid any com-
plication in reference to this matter. Suppose
the President should retain this bill for ten
days?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any further
debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rises to a
parliamentary inquiry, and he will state his
parliamentary point.
Mr. COX. The inquiry I wish to address to
the Chair is this: if the President retains this
bill lor ten days and the two Houses should
adjourn, then what effect would it have on the
legislation proposed ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary point to be decided by the Speaker of the
House. It is not for him to answer questions
as to the probable course of the President of
the United States in reference to matters of
legislation.
Mr. COX. I wish to avoid all trouble in
this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there
will be none.
Mr. COX. I wish this amnesty to be effect-
ive.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will take
his seat there will be no trouble.
Mr. DAWES. If there be no objection, I
should like to say a word.
Mr. AMBLER. I wish to suggest, in con-
nection with this matter, to my mind there is
grave reason to doubt, notwithstanding the
words of the amendment, whether this could
be 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
and the regular order of business has been
demanded.
Mr. AMBLER. I simply desire to call the
attention of the House to the words in the
eighth section of the first article 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The bill in reference to which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] moved to
suspend the rules will now be submitted to a
division of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of the
highest privilege. I ask that Mr. Rogers, a
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 235.
member-elect from the State of North Caro-
lina to this House, be now sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania in tbat way brings up the same ques-
tion which has been before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the House will
not object. That gentleman has been waiting
here for many months to take his seat.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object until the bill has
been returned signed by the President.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
will be given with great promptness.
Mr. YOCJNG. Let me state to the Chair
there are precedents. Mr. Tift was sworn in
within twenty minutes after his disabilities had
been removed by the Senate.
The SPEAKER. Before the bill was signed
by the President?
Mr. YOUNG. Yea, sir 5 his disabilities were
removed by the two Houses, and he was im-
mediately sworn in.
The SPEAKER The gentleman from the
fourth district of North Carolina who has been
debarred from taking his seat by political dis-
abilities the gentleman from Pennsylvania now
moves be sworn in under this bill which had
two thirds of both Houses in favor of the re-
moval of these disabilities.
Mr. RANDALL. Does not the Speaker
say so himself?
The SPEAKER. That would be a personal
opinion.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to express my re-
gret that all the anxiety for amnesty on the
other side seems to be changed into solicitude
lest the President of the United States should
approve the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise no such issue
at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] as a question of
privilege.
Mr. RANDALL. I thought it was a ques-
tion of the highest privilege.
The SPEAKER. It would be if the bill
were signed by the President. And if it will
be any satisfaction to the gentleman from New
York [Mr, Cox] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] the Chair will give
it as his opinion that the House will not have
to-wait very long for that.
john w, hears and "william houlton, jr.
The SPEAKER. A division was called for
on the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. L. Myers] to suspend the rules and
pass the bill he has reported.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not yield
for that.
The SPEAKER. The motion was made
and declared to be carried, and a division was
then called for.
Mr. DAWES. And at the same time the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] was
calling out loudly that he did not yield.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I said several
times that I did not yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gakfxeld] not having yielded for
a motion to suspend the rules, the Chair will
direct the bill to be returned to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers.]
supervising architect of the treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Whereas, Hon. John F. Farnsworth, a member
of the House of Representatives, and chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
did in debate in the House, on the 21st day of May
instant, use the following: language:
" I desire to explain my purpose in offering that
amendment, and I cannot do it in any other way so
well as by reading from a report made to the House
of the last Congress by Hon. Mr. Churchill, of New
York. The committee of which he was a member
made an examination and investigation of this sub-
ject, and, among other things, of a patent obtained
by some one in one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment here in Washington. The committee then
go on to say:
" 'Another somewhat similar case was the sale be
the supervising architect to A. R. Shepherd of. a
half interest in two patents, one for a patent roofing
and the other for a patent anti-freezing pip.e. These
patents had been procured by E. P, Vaux, whose
claims had been at first rejected by the Patent Office,
on the ground that they covered nothing novel;
but afterward, with some advice and assistance from
the supervising architect, patents were obtained,
and a half interestconveyedto him in compenstftioa
for such assistance. This half interest was conveyed
to A. R. Shepherd in April, 1869, for $£,000, and about
three months afterward a contract was entered into
with the owners of the patent, including Shepherd*
by which they wore to do such work in roofing and
plumbing as the Government might assign them,
and apply these patents to such work, and to receive
in addition to the net actual cost of labor and ma-
terial fifteen per cent., and, in addition, tea cents
for each lineal foot of piping and for each square
foot of roofing. The amount realized by the owners
of these patents, for royalty, under thisi contract, ia
less than one year, was $5,015 05.'
"Now, I have the papers here in my hand to show
that since Mullett sold that patent to A. R. Shep-
herd he has paid to Shepherd for putting on publio
buildings this Vaux patent roofing, which no n?an
under the sun ever used on any building of his own,
$130,000. This is the amount which Shepherd has
received since 1869, under that patent which Mullett
got through after it had been rejected at the Patent
Office on account of want of novelty^, and which
Mullett sold to Shepherd for a consideration of
$13,000. For this roofing Mullett pays Shepherd &
royalty of ten or twelve cents per square foot and
fifteen per cent, additional, besides paying all the
expense of putting on the rooting.
"The accounts which I have here show that
Shepherd has been carrying materials for that roof-
ing from Washington, or wherever he may purchase
them, to Philadelphia; to Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire; to Windsor, Vermont; to Detroit, Michigan?
to Buffalo, New York: to Chicago, Illinois; Des
Moines, Iowa; to Mobile, Alabama; and in fact all
over the United States. He employs Shepherd with-
out any advertisement, without any contract except
this private contract to carry to different parts of
the United States materials for this roofing, which
no private citizen anywhere was ever known to put
upon a building. The material and the workmen
to pat it upon our public buildings are taken from •
Washington, the car-fare being paid at the expense
of the Government to these remote places to put on
this roofing ; and Shepherd receives his royalty and
percentage, in addition to pay for the work. These
are the same two men who are upon the Board of
Public Works in the city of Washington. They
hunt in couples. They are the same two men who
are Democrats or Republicans by turns, their poli-
tics depending upon the reigning dynasty.
" These are the two men who worship at the feet
of power here in Washington, that they may get
their hands into the Treasury. I know that because
I am trying to pull them away from the public crib
it will be said that I am making a personal attack.
It has come to this that whenever you catch a man
stealing from the Treasury of the United States and
attempt to pull him away by his coat-tail, or his
heels, or his ears, the cry is raised at once, 'Perse-
cution 1 persecution I Why should you persecute
an individual in this way? ' Thus this stealinggoes
on, and on, and on, as it is likely io go on during
the life-time of the people engaged in it. It goes
on under the eyes of your Secretary of the Treasury.
I do not think that ho really approves of the steal-
ing, but that he has so much to do, and is such a
good, easy man, that these people are enabled in
that way to pocket their unlawful gains. Notwith-
standing the report of Mr. Churchill in the last
Congress, and notwithstanding the report of a com-
mittee in a former Congress, condemning this method
of erccting publio buildings without contract, with-
out inviting proposals—a practice which, if followed
by the Postmaster General in the manner of letting
contracts for carrying the mails, would cause his
impeachment—you allow this supervising architect
to spend millions upon millions of dollars. You
appropriate money from year to year in an Increas-
ing ratio ; and then, to cap the climax, inasmuch as
the President has kindly given this man another
office for which he cannot lawfully draw an extra
salary,you increase his pay as supervising archi-
tect.'' Therefore,
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
informed of the charges made, and he be requested
to cause the same to be investigated, and to take
such action thereon as the results of such investiga-
tion shall require.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that this
resolution be passed. I yieklto the gentleman
from Illinois,JMr. Farxsworth.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think that this
matter should be open to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before yielding
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] I desire simply to say that ratherthan
have a continued warfare upon this question,
or rather than be in doubt as to the truth or
untruth of any of these statements, I think it a
better way that the House of Representatives
