110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
/Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42r> Cong....2d Sess.
man to beat, because he is honest and brave
and able. He can say as did a better and a
greater man than he, when in the den sur-
rounded by those who would prey upon him,
"Hewhois innocent within is armed without."
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. CARL SCHURZ,
OF MISSOURI,
In the Senate op the United States,
February 27, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the resolu-
tion in relation to the sale of arms to French agents-
Mr. SCHURZ said :
Mr. President: It is not my intention to
make another long speech on this subject.
After having listened to the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Fbelinghoysen] yesterday, I en-
deavored to obtain the floor to reply to him
on the spot, but was not permitted to do so;
and it is now in response to some remarks
made by him that I rise to make only a very
few observations. I shall merely try to gather
up the odds and ends of argument as they,
after this protracted debate, seem to be lying
around loose.
I cannot refrain from saying that the speech
of the Senator from New Jersey was very fine.
It was certainly one of the best pieces of beau-
tiful speaking I ever heard ; and I must con-
fess it is with a regretful sentiment of duty
that I have to break into the sweet strains of
his music with the rough language of truth ;
for I am only a plain-spoken man, and the
compliments he showered upon me yesterday
are, I fear, not deserved. When he spoke of
my skill as a debater he decidedly exaggerated
my merits. In fact, I do not pretend to pos-
sesses any skill of that kind. At any rate, I
have had very little experience, being but a
young member of this body, having never be-
fore served in a parliamentary assembly, and
having but rarely occupied the attention of the
Senate. In point of experience I recognize my
decided inferiority to the honorable Senator
from New Jersey; and if there is anything
forcible in what I say, it is not owing to skill
or art, but it is the simple power of truth
plainly and directly expressed; and if there
is any weakness on the oilier side, it is by no
means a want of skill or experience, but it is
the natural weakness of arguments intended
to deny what is clear and to defend what is
wrong.
Sir, it seems to me that those who assail the
Senator from Massachusetts and myself, him
for having brought forward and me for having
advocated this resolution, are now reduced to
their last resorts. We observe in the speeches
made against us a most brilliant absence of
argument, and on the other hand a boldness
of assertion which is perfectly magnificent.
Every gentleman commences by saying that we
as well as the whole world must be convinced
by this time that there is absolutely nothing
in this inquiry, and having said that, gentle-
men seem to take it for granted that all man-
kind is now convinced. Sir, I must confess
that to me such an assertion has a somewhat
child-like sound, and 1 doubt not it is received
by the American people with a broad smile of
irony.
There was one thing which I heard with
regret drop from the lips of the Senator from
New Jersey yesterday. It sounded somewhat
like an appeal to the native feeling, the native
prejudice iu this country—an appeal founded
apparently upon two things: that the facts
from which this resolution has sprung were
calculated to alfcct the German-born citizens
of this country as to their political sympathies,
and that I, who happen to be a native of a for-
eign country, was taking part in this debate.
We had listened to already a similar strain
from the Senator from Indiana, who predicted
that if the foreign-born element was driven to
one side, necessarily the Know-Nothing ele-
ment would rise up again on the other.
Sir, I understand that kind of language ; I
understood it when it was pronounced ; and I
am here ready to meet it.
Let us see whether^-eallv a foreign people
has anything to do with this question. The
Senator from New Jersey said yesterday, and
it was reiterated by the Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. West] to-day, that if this is not a
question of international importance, if it is
not designed on our part to show a breach of
our neutral duties toward another Power, then
there is no question involved in it at all. Did I
understand the Senator from New Jersey cor-
rectly ? I do not want to misrepresent him.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Please state it
again.
Mr. SCHURZ. I understood the Senator
from New Jersey to say yesterday that if this
is not a question of international importance,
if it is not designed to show that on our part
a breach of neutral duties was committed,
then this is no question of importance at all.
Was that it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Thatwas itsub-
stantially.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, sir, does the Sena-
tor from New Jersey, or the Senator from
Louisiana who has just spoken, really design
to accuse the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself of making up a case for Germany? Is
the Senator from New Jersey candid in this
matter?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will answer
the Senator, with his permission.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I certainly do
not intend any such thing. I have never in
the course of debate,' that I am aware of,
impugned the motives of any Senator, or at-
tributed to him anything unbecoming a Sen-
ator of the United States ; but when a resolu-
tion is presented to be considered, I speak of
the resolution and give my opinions on that,
and I think that is the effect of the resolution.
I do not think the Senator is unpatriotic, but
I think the measure is unpatriotic.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well. Then, as I
understand him, the Senator does not impute
either to the Senator from Massachusetts or
myself any designs or interests or sympathies
which are not purely American. I hear the
disclaimer with pleasure. But the Senator
says that the effect of the passage of this reso-
lution and the inquiry which would follow it
would be injurious to American interests. Is
not that it? Now, sir, let us look once more
at the facts with candor. Is there now, was
there ever a serious danger of international
difficulty between the United States and Ger-
many connected with this business ? If there
was, it was at the time the arms were shipped,
and everybody in Germany just as well as in
the United States knew that they were going,
cargo after cargo, to France. If there was
any such danger subsequently, it was when
the circumstances surrounding this case came
to light in the trial of Place and before the
investigating committee of the French National
Assembly, and certainly the case appeared
there much darker than it would in all proba-
bility issue from any investigation to be insti-
tuted by the Senate of the United States.
But now all the information which migh't
lead to a charge of a breach of neutral duties
by the American Government having been
before the world, even in its most unfavor-
able and worst aspect, long before we began
to diseuss this matter, for a year or longer,
and 110 remonstrance having been made, I
ask the Senator from New Jersey in all can-
dor, does not that prove that even when
there was seemingly a practical provocation
for a remonstrance as a foundation for a claim
against the United States, that then the Ger-
man Government desired and was determined
to ignore this matter? For if it had not been
determined to ignore it, would that Gov-
ernment not have availed itself of its most
natural and most tempting opportunity?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood my friend
to speak of " a practical provocation." Does
he mean to say that there was in fact a prac-
tical provocation ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I mean to say simply this:
that when information went abroad that such
and such things were going on, just as inform-
ation went from England to Germany about
similar proceedings, might I not call it an
apparent practical provocation? Well, sir,
if then no steps were taken by the German
Government, does the Senator really think
that the German Government will do it now,
when one branch of our Government orders
an investigation, and shows its willingness
thereby to detect that which was wrong, it'
there was any wrong, and to punish the guilty
parties? Is not that perfectly preposterous to
assume?
I would ask the Senator from New Jersey
to suppose this case: if we during the war had
not remonstrated against the building and the
letting out of British ports of rebel cruisers,
and if the British Parliament had ordered an
investigation afterward, of its own motion,
without any suggestion from u.s, without our
making any complaint, does the Senator from
New Jersey think that after having permitted
such things during the war to happen, and after
seeing that Parliament itself would take the
matter in hand to investigate it and to punish
the wrong-doers, that then we would complain?
Certainly, 110 just man, no wise man, no gen-
erous man in the United States would think
of doing such a thing. What would we do?
Our country would resound with praise of the
British Government. We would feel ourselves
hound by bonds of double friendship to the
English people, who then would have shown a
disposition to be just of its own accord, with-
out compulsion. If that had happened, every
generous American would have urteily scouted
the idea of asking damages of England, of that
great people, demonstrating so nobly its sense
of justice, and the friendship between Great
Britain and the United Slates would have
become firmer and more cordial than ever
before. And as to the British Government
itself, the fear of having its action' brought
home as a dangerous precedent to plague it in
the future would have vanished forever, for the
very force of that precedent would have been
broken by its own voluntary deed. Is not that
clear ?
Now apply this to our case ; and certainly
I am very tar from comparing the sale of arms
to French agents, if such happened, to the
building and letting out of rebel cruisers from
British ports; but bring it home to ourselves.
We are now acting with perfect freedom.
There is no remonstrance made against us by
any foreign Government. There is no com-
pulsion driving us into anything. The case
is not the subject of international transaction,
but as it stands to day is most emphatically
our own business. And, sir, just the very cir-
cumstance that no demand has been made,
that 110 remonstrance has been pointed at us,
just that very circumstance will make our ac-
tion in this matter the more proper, the more
noble. If there is a dangerous precedent 111
this case, does not the Senator from New
Jersey see that the facts out of which such a
