162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
but this one. But in reference to this com-
mittee the minority are completely ignored.
They are not allowed to chooso their man to
sit on this committee, but the whole thing is
done up, according to common report, in a
caucus of the dominant party. That is another
strange thing.
Then there is still another singular fact about
this committee, and that is that there is but one
Democrat allowed upon a committee of seven,
and that a committee of investigation whose
inquiries are to be as broad as the Republic,
if they are to amount to anything at all. That
was not so in your joint Committee on Re-
trenchment. There were two Democrats of
the House on that committee, and one of the
Senate, giving us three. Then there was a
Democrat on every sub-committee of that joint
Committee on Retrenchment. Here, with a
committee of seven, there cannot be a Demo-
craton every sub-committee; on the contrary,
when sub-committees to take testimony are
appointed, as they always are by investigating
committees, you send out two or three of the
dominant party on a sub-committee, and if you
send out another, my friend from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard.] who cannot be omni]3resent,
must mate his election whether he will go with
the one squad or whether he will go with the
Oiher. That is not right, sir. You did better
than that on your Iiu Klux committee. You
first appointed but one Democrat on that, hut,
upon its being brought to your attention how
unfair that, was you appointed another; and
I undertake to say that one man could not have
discharged his duty if there had been but one
Democtat left on that committee.
Here is an investigation broader than that.
That investigation was limited to eleven States
of the Union. Here is an investigation that
goes to the whole thirty-seven States of the
Union. You appoint a committee ofinvestiga-
tion into the conduct of Government officials ;
into the conduct of this Administration, and
you allow the Opposition to the Adrainistra*ion
but one member upon that committee, and that
a gentleman charged already with the import-
ant and onerous duties of a member of the
Committee on Finance and a member of the
Committee for the Investigation of Southern !
Outrages. You selected him out. You could !
not have selected a better man in all this body i
out of the whole seventy-four Senators. Yott |
could not have selected one who was more ac- {
ceptable to the minority ; but what I protest I
against is that you should have selected him |
at all. Yrou should have allowed us to select j
not only him. but to have selected two out of ;
the seven. j
I oo say, therefore, Mr. President, without '
uttering one word in disparagement of the
personnel of this committee, that it is proposed j
to be appointed in violation of parliamentary i;
u=age. and in violation of what is due to the :
minority on this floor, who. though they may :
be very small here, yon know very well, Mr. 1
President, represent within a small fraction !
one entire half of the people of the United i
States. :
Mr. IIOWE. Mr. President, it will be borne i'
in mind 1 think by the most of those present, |!
if not all, that I have not said a word to the ;j
Senate touching this matter of investigation ||
from the commencement of the debate to the 'j
present time. I shall not- say a word now for 'j
the purpose of qualifying myself for a place :
on this standing committee of the Senate, as I ij
understand it to be. Bat the Senator from i'
Massachusetts has seen lit, ponding- this ques- I
tion of electing a standing committee, to call ;
the attention of the Senate and of the country '
to the \ otes "which the individuals proposed i
for this committee have given in the course '
of this deoate. and he has taken occasion to j
remark that not one of them has been in favor !
of investigation in the strongest form, as I
) frail his language. He added to that, that
while he was not disposed to make any oppo-
sition to the election of this committee, he
thought it his duty to call the attention of the
country to their character, to the end that
if the investigation failed, the Senato might
remember that, they were duly admonished.
Now, Mr. President, I shad be tolerated, I
trust, in saying that up to this point I have
paid but very little attention to this debate.
I had engagements outside of the Senate which
precluded my paying attention to it. I did
understand that there was a division of opin-
ion in the Senate upon the question whether
this business should be committed to a stand-
ing committee of the Senate or to a special
joint committee" of the two Houses. Upon
that question my mind did rather incline to
the suggestion that a standing committee of
the Senate was better than a joint committee
of the two Houses. I felt specially instructed
to that view of the case because I had seen in
the very opening of the session an effort made
to bring a recusant witness, a witness said to
be in contempt, before the body, the contempt
having been committed before a joint commio-
tee, and I not only found that there was great
difficulty in accomplishing that, but it really
seemed to me that there was not ability in the
two Houses to proceed against the witness under j
those circumstances. Therefore I thought that !
a standing committee was the better of the j
two. i
Bat if any Senator or any citizen of these '
United States feels authorized to infer from I
that vote of mine, or from any vote I have 1
given, or any word I have spoken here or else- i
where, that I am not in favor of investigation !
in as strong a form as the best of those sitting .
here. I have to say that cither he ia mistaken '
about me or I am mistaken about myself: and i
I believe, Mr. President, there are but very !
few mortals who know as well what I am in
favor of as I do myself, and I am very confi-
dent that the Senator from Massachusetts is
not one of that few. ,
I simply wish to say here that if investiga-
tion is the order of the day, although I am very .
reluctant to accept any duty of the kind, yet 1
if the Senate shall see fit to instruct me to enter ;
upon that work I beg as a matter not merely
of favor, but as a matter of right, of justice, '■
that no attack shall be made upon my disposi-
tions until that day when a Senator can come
in here and stand up and say that I have voted
to exclude some information, to ignore some
revelation, to shut out some light that will con-
vict somebody of a fraud upon the rights of
this country.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the subject
of civil service reform is one the people of
this country feel to be much more one of sub-
stance than of mere form. I have been for
the last week an interested observer of the
debate on the subject: and with all respect for
the majority of this body, it seems to me that
they have endeavored so to wrap the subject
in technical forms that a substantial body may
or may not exist under its swaddling-clothes".
The criticism of the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Scmner] upon the composition of i
this committee was, to my mind, entirely just, i
The question is not as to the personal charae- j
ter ot members of the committee, because this ■
is or should be considered a Senate of equals, j
and no imputation should be suffered to' pass I
upon individual character. If a member be !
unworthy, the Senate owi s it to itself to purge
the body of his presence: and until he shall !
be so declared he is entitled to at least the I
formal confidence of all members of this body, j
But. sir, in the composition of committees |
there is a very rational inle, that you do not j
deliver the control of a subject over to those I
who are hostile, to the object for which the j
commit tee ba3 been raised, hi the cnmposi- j
tion of this committee it cannot be denied that 1
it is formed (with the execpt-on of a single '
member, and that myself', the humblest) of !,
gentlemen who have upon the record expressed I
themselves at least in favor of a very modififl
and restrained investigation. I find upon the
record of the vote of last Thursday negativ-
ing the proposition of the. honorable Senator
from Illinois the name of every member of the
majority of the committee but two ; one the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin who last
addressed the Senate, [Mr. IIowk.] and one the
Senator from North Carolina, not now in his
seat, [Mr. Pool:] and yet it is not improper
for me to say that the country will fairlv under-
stand how those gentlemen would nattirallv
have voted or have been expected to vote had
they been present, when it sees the party policy
which characterized the record of this vote
and recalls the uniform partisan fidelity of the
Senators referred to.
Mr. President, the country will demand that
this investigation shall be one of substance ;
and if it be attempted to be made one of mere
form, let those who do it answer the public
demand for reform, for be assured they will
have to answer it, and their majority in this
Chamber will avail them little when they come
before the people to respond.
Sir, I was sent to this body by my people to
do public service. I came here not for my
private ends, my pleasure, or my convenience";
and while I am here, I shall respond during mi-
term of service to every just demand upon mv
time and the poor abilities that I can bring to
the aid of just and wise legislation. While i am
perfectly willing, therefore, at all times, with-
out regard to my personal tastes or convenience,
to serve upon such committees as the will ot
this body shall require me to, yet, at the same
time, I shall insist that when I go upon a com-
mittee where I can necessarily give but a small
portion of my time and capacity to aid its
objects, the country shall know in advance that
it is not my fault, but that of the majority who
have so arranged the composition of that com-
mittee.
Here are seven Senators called at the begin-
ning of a long and laborious session to per-
forra duties that necessarily, to be well per-
formed, must occupy a great part of the time
in which the Senate is actually in session.
V\ here can the single member of the minority
be? It is a physical impossibility for him to
be in committee and in the Senate at the same
time. He cannot, as my friend from Ohio has
suggested, be sent at the same time upon two
sub-committees of investigation in different
parts of the country. It is perfectly plain,
therefore, and the majority are perfectly well
aware, that when they place hat a single "mem-
ber of the minority upon this committee they
intend, or at least it is to be contemplated that
they did intend that he should not be p:o-ent
at a great portion of the propose'! investiga-
tions.
I submit, therefore, that to give this committee
even the repute of substance, the common sense
of the people of this country will demand from
the majority in this Chamber that at least an-
other member of the minority be placed upon it
to alternate its labors with the .-ingle individual
to whom you have assigned these duties. I do
not speak without experience on this subject.
I was assigned to the committee of investiga-
tion into the affairs of North Carolina last
winter. The labors of that committee wore
subsequently enlarged to embrace the affairs
of the other southern States ; and wide as was
the fi"Id, and general as was the jurisdiction
embraced by the language of th.V appointment,
if falls far short of th^ scope ami the labor
embraced within the proper obj.'.'W of a com-
mittee of investigation and reform such as
this ought to be. Why. sir, the result was that
after that comte.ittee had he, it in session a little
while it, v.-as found nnpos-il.le to examine their
witnesses without occupying a portion of the
time of the sessions of the Senate. 1 came
befor" the Seri ne and made that statement,
and then neeessardy they assigned tome a col-
league on that commi'tee, so that he and 1
