1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Secretary of the Navy," as is shown by the
following remarks:
"It-does not come from him, but from the com-
mittee, and has been matured in consultation with
him."
I Will 'ask the Clerk to read the amendment.
I hope thefe will be no objection to it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to sell at public
sale such vessels and materials of the United States
Navy as in his judgment are notsuitablefor-or capa-
ble of profitable use, repair, or fitting out : Pro-
vided. That before any such sale shall be made pub-
lic notice shall be given by advertisement in some
leading newspaper or newspapers in at least four
of the principal cities of the United States, which
advertisement shall state the number of vessels and
the amount of materials proposed to be sold, with a
description thereof, so far as the same shall be prac-
ticable, together with the time and place when and
where such vessels and materials can be seen and
examined. And the Secretary of the Navy shall, at
the opening of each session of Congress, make a full
report to Congress of his acts under the authority
given by this section, which report shall contain a
statement of all vessels and materials sold, the par-
ties buying the same, and the amount realized there-
from, together with such other facts as may be neces-
sary to a full understanding of his acts; and all net
proceeds of such sale shall be covered into the United
States Treasury: And provided further, That nothing
in this section shall be construed as compelling the
Secretary of the Navy to accept any bid or offer
which in his judgment is grossly inadequate to the
value of the vessel-pr materials offered for sale.
Mr. WOOD. I suggest to my friend from
Maine whether it would not be well to provide
in the resolution that this fiower of selling on
the part of the Secretary of the Navy shall be
exercised only on report of condemnation by
a board of proper officers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the gentle-
man from New York prepare such an amend-
ment as he suggests.
Mr. WOOD. I have merely made the sug-
gestion.
Mr. MAYNABD. I wish to make another
suggestion to the gentleman from Maine, and
that is this: whether the resolution ought not
to be further extended so as to provide that
no vessel shall be sold which has gained his-
torical renown. I should be sorry to see the
Constitution sold and go out of the_ Navy. _ I
should be sorry to see the Macedonian, which
has been kept up at considerable expense,
because of the naval glory which is attached
to her—I should be sorry to see her sold and
go out of the Navy. I should be sorry to
see the yacht America sold, because of the
peculiar charactcr which is attached to her,
and go out of the Navy. All these vessels,
which have heretofore been kept up because
of their great renown, I believe ought still to
be kept in our Navy. I should be very sorry
to see the Kearsarge sold and go out of the
Navy.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I will answer
first the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood.] It was a point con-
sidered by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The objection to it, however, is this: what is
sought is that,sales shall actually be made,
and the money paid into the Treasury, of
those vessels which are now useless; but it is
not sought by the committee, and I think the
House does not want the entire Navy sold.
I can see this trouble: if a board of naval offi-
cers should be appointed upon whom should
simply rest the responsibility of condemning
and recommending for sale vessels of the
Navy, and the Secretary is obliged to sell
them, they will go on wanting new vessels and
wanting more than we will give, and will go
on and recommend the sale of almost the
entire Navy. I prefer, for one, that the re-
sponsibility should be left where I think it
will be safer. The gentleman from New York
will see, I think, it is safer to leave it with the
Secretary of the Navy, who must report his
doings to Congress from year to year, and is
responsible for ali of his actions. He can
best see what can be sold. He will look
upon the whole matter in a broader sense
than any naval officer, and he can see what
can be kept and what , can be sold. He is
directly responsible to Congress. The gentle-
man will see by the language of my amend-
ment that the Secretary of the Navy must
report to Congreas each year. Having that
supervision of the whole subject, and knowing
best what vessels are to bo sold, whatever he
may do, at each session of Congress we shall
be informed precisely of what has taken place.
Mr. W001). I do not propose to relieve
the Secretary of the Navy from any responsi-
bility for any sale he may make under this
amendment; but I do propose that he shall
have the benefit of the advice of those who are
expert in such matters. He cannot be ex-
pected to be an expert. He is a gentleman
taken from the walks of civil life, and his past
experience and pursuits do not enable him to
judge especially of the relative fitness of ves-
sels of war or of the appurtenances of a navy-
yard, and therefore I would desire there should
be made to him in advance some report from
some officer who, upon his professional re-
sponsibility, will state that such a vessel, or
such a hospital, or such a navy-yard is useless
and unnecessary, and ought-to be sold. It
would become the duty of the Secretary of the
Navy to investigate the fact, to ascertain
whether the report made to him is correct or
not. Of course I would not have the Secre-
tary of the Navy relieved from the duty of
reporting to Congress at each session of his
doings in this regard. I will say, in addition,
we should guard against the Secretary of the
Navy exercising too great a power in this
regard.
And the gentleman assumes that theofficers
of the Navy, being dissatisfied with the exist-
ing state of things, with the condition of the
vessels of war, as well they may be, will be
apt to report everything as unfit for use, and
that they be sold and new ones built. But I
also desire to protect Congress and the coun-
try against an extravagant or profligate or
ignorant Secretary of the Navy, whoever he
may be. If you clothe an officer of the G-ov-
ernment with the exclusive right of disposing
of the public property thereof, we cannot tell
but he may go on and sell articles that are
absolutely fit for the purposes for which they
were intended, merely for the purpose of hav-
ing new patronage to bestow or to build up
new establishments.
What has been our experience since the
war? Immediately after the war I found that
everything was for sale; that all the para-
phernalia of the naval service during the war
was put into the market and disposed of at
ruinously sacrificing prices; that what cost
hundreds of millions of dollars wero sold for
less than ten million dollars in the aggre-
gate. I do not want to see that folly repeated.
Our whole naval service undoubtedly requires
new organization. While the merchant marine
has gone on progressively improving, adapting
itself to modern usages and the commerce of
the times, our naval service has gone back, and
we find to-day in possession of the Govern-
ment only five vessels of war fit for service if
war should come upon us.
Now, I would wish to see the whole service
reorganized, and I believe with the gentleman
who has charge of this bill, the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] that we may well part
with a vast deal of stuff which we now have
for the purpose of producing what will answer
the present exigencies of war. But I am
rather afraid that giving the Secretary of the
Navy individually the exclusive right to say
what shall be sold and what shall not be sold
is a delegating of authority which we all here-
after may regret. Therefore, I would suggest
the precaution, and certainly it can do no
harm, that this power of sale shall only be ex-
ercised after a report made by a proper board
of officers, it being left to the discretion of the
Secretary afterward to act upon that report or
not as he sees fit. I make this suggestion in
the best Bpirit to the gentleman from Maine,
whose knowledge of the subject and sense of
what is just and right eminently qualify him
to judge what the exigencies of the case require.
Mr. HALE. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. This discussion is rather
informal, but I hope I will be indulged in tak-
ing part in it for a few moments. The ques-
tion which has been suggested by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] is one of no
little importance, and is one that was consid-
ered pretty fully by the Committee on Appro-
priations. After having considered the ques-
tion with a good deal of care, they came to
the conclusion, at least the majority of the
committee did so, that it would be better to
leave this responsibility with the Secretary
himself. As has been suggested by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] if we pro-
vided a board of commissioners for the work,
the natural result would be that the Secretary
would be governed by the recommendations
of the commission, and it would take the
responsibility, to a great extent at least, out
of his hands. It would be providing for an-
other tribunal than himself to decide the ques-
tion as to what should be sold and as to what
should not be sold; whereas, if he be left to him-
self, following the practice of his office and
the precedents and customs which have alway s
prevailed in the transaction of this sort of busi-
ness, he would as auxiliary to the judgment
which he might be called upon to exercise in
regard to it, convene a board to consider the
question; but what that board should do need
not be binding upon him, but would be simply
advisory, leaving him ultimately to decide
what vessels should be sold, and what should
not be sold.
While, therefore,- the position assumed by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
is a very plausible one, I think it is really
better after all to leave the responsibility to
be exercised by the Secretary of the Navy,
according to the usages of his Department.
I desire to say just one word further, and
that is in continuation of the remarks I made
yesterday. It is not thought proper by the
Committee on Appropriations to make public
the large number of vessels which we have
now that are unfit for use in any service. The
statement would be a humiliating one to the
country in the present condition of our foreign
relations. That large class of vessels which
are regarded as utterly worthless costs us at
least a hundred thousand dollars a year to take
care of them. They are mere wrecks upon
our hands, and we should get rid of them on
some terms, with a view of entering upon a
reorganization of the Navy, which, as the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] has very
properly said, is the great need of that branch
of the public service. The committee, after
sifting this question thoroughly, have come to
the conclusion that we must get rid of these
vessels on the best terms we can, on good terms
if we can make them, and on bad terms if we
can make no others; but for the purpose of
preventing the Secretary of the Navy from
being concluded by offers made for these ves-
sels, we leave it discretionary with him to
reject bids where the amount is grossly inade-
quate to the amount of the value of the vessels.
That these vessels have to be sold by some-
body there can be no question, and the only
question for discussion is as to the particular
form of phraseology to be used in this amend-
ment. There is much plausibility in the posi-
tion taken by the -gentleman from New York,
but 1 think good policy suggests we should
leave this matter to be settled wholly by the
Secretary. Our experience in regard to cer-
tain bureaus and certain bureaucracy which
prevails in the Navy Department has not been
such as to impress us favorably as to the econ-
omy which they are always disposed to exer-
