1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
ciae; in other words, they are inclined to mag-
nify as much as any other class of Government
officers their particular branch of the public
service, and if left to determine what vessels
should be sold it is not hazarding a great deal
to say that they would recommend that a large
proportion of vessels should be sold, and we
should be under the immediate necessity of
constructing new vessels.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not wish
to prolong this debate, but I desire to add a,
word. There is one matter which I admit
makes it delicate to propose to sell these ships.
The Government was compelled during the
war to have built a large number of ships,
at a time of very high prices, and when they
were exceedingly expensive. They also tried
the experiment of building monitors and iron-
clads of various kinds, vessels that were very
expensive and many of them not worth much
to the service. As Henry Winter Davis once
said on this floor, "many of the ships built at
that time were capable of making but one
voyage, and that straight to the bottom of the
sea." Now we have on hand a large number
of these vessels, some of them utterly worth-
less for anything in the world but as old iron,
some worth a little more, but none worth any
reasonable per cent, of what they cost to the
Government. We keep them up partly as a
matter of pride and partly because we are
ashamed to sell for $500,000 a ship that cost
$1,000,000. That shame should not restrain
us any longer. We ought to decide in this
matter at once. On being questioned by the
Committee on Appropriations the Secretary
said that he had to use at least $100,000 a year
of the funds appropriated in this bill to take
care of these old pots and kettles that have
ceased to be of any possible value as a part of
the naval establishment, and probably $100,000
a year is paid for taking care of property that
would not sell to-day for $500,000. Now, let
us run on in this way for five years and you
will have paid out the entire marketable value
of all this property for the simple taking care
of it; and you will have it on hand to take care
of as much longer as it can be kept above
water without motion, lying, if it be wooden,
to rot in the dock, and if iron, to corrode and
rust and become worthless for old iron every
year.
The gentleman from New York thinks that
a board would be of some service. I was
rather of that opinion myself, in the begin-
ning, and gave my countenance to that view;
but this is what settled my mind on that sub-
ject: if we select naval men for the commis-
sion they will want to sell out the whole Navy
and compel us to build beautiful new ships for
them; and if we select experts they will be
glad, doubtless, to sell off the old ships, so
that they may have to build new ones. It
seems to me, therefore, better that the matter
should be left to the man who stands respons-
ible to Congress and the country for all that
he does in this behalf, and whose policy must
be an open policy. This cuts off private sales
and they will be in the public market, and he
is authorized to refuse any bid if in his opinion
it is too low. This amendment puts the whole
responsibility with him, and this plan will
allow us to clean out the Navy of all the old
trumpery in it and starfc anew with a better
policy for the future.
Mr. WOOD. Permit me to say, with all
respect to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] that he has not met my point of objec-
ion to this proposition. I propose to give
to the Secretary of the Navy in this matter
all the latitude and all the liberty which he
should have from the responsibilitynecessarily
imposed upon him as the head of the Navy
Department. I do not, moreover, intend to
impugn the capacity or the official integrity
of that officer, nor do I intend to relieve him
from the authority and responsibility of dis-
posing of such old material as is entirely unfit
for the public service. But I do assnme that
it is utterly and physically impossible for any
officer at the head, of that Department to make
a personal examination of every vessel in the
Navy, of every hospital, and every navy-yard,
and to examine, personally all the public prop-
erty attached to the naval service, in order to
determine what shall and what shall. not be
sold. This amendment very properly provides
that the Secretary of the Navy shall dispose
at public sale of all such material as he may
deem unnecessary for the use of the Govern-
ment. I simply propose that he shall aot upon
the report of persons competent to judge; and
if upon such report he is satisfied that it is
proper to sell the property, he may then pro-
ceed to make the sale.
We have but a short time since adopted a
resolution - here asking the Secretary of the
Navy what he has done with the proceeds of
sales of the immense amount of public prop-
erty that he has sold without authority of law,
the amount of which he has never made known
to Congress, and for which, so far as we know,
the Treasury has never been credited. He
has sold millions on millions of dollars' worth
of public property without any authority of
law whatever, and upon his own. personal ipse
dixit. Now I s&y there should be some check
to this, that we should know what he has sold
and what property we now possess. We do
not intend that the Secretary of the Navy, or
the President, or this Administration shall have
the power to dispose at its own pleasure and
on its own volition of the public property at
just such prices as it may choose. Therefore,
I would rather trust a board of naval officers
who are competent to judge to make a report
to the Secretary of the Navy, and upon that
report to let the Secretary take the responsi-
bility of acting, and to report to Congress
what he does.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment.
Mr. SWANN. I move to amend pro forma
by striking out the last word of the pending
amendment. I have listened with great atten-
tion to my honorable friend from New York,
[Mr. Woon.] When this question came up
for consideration in the Committee on Appro-
priations, I desired to adopt the most practi-
cable method of putting our Navy upon such
a footing as would meet any contingency that
might hereafter arise. I think that the time
has come for action in regard to our Navy;
that, I think, will be admitted by this House.
I think that all who have looked into this
subject will admit that our Navy at this mo-
ment is in a most dilapidated condition ; and
what contingencies may spring up in a very
short time it is impossible for this House to
determine.
I have had some experience in regard to the
sale of public property, and I have ccime to
the conclusion that where vessels or any other
public property has become useless, where,
for instance, vessels have originally been con-
structed upon some defective plan, where they
cannot be relied upon for efficient service, the
best plan is to dispose of them, in order that
they may be replaced by others more substan-
tial and better fitted for practical service.
Therefore, when this question came up in the
Committee on Appropriations, I was for prompt
action. I am for holding the heads of our De-
partments responsible for the management of
all the business that pertains to them respect-
ively. And while I would hold the head of a
Department responsible for what may occur
within his Department, I am not disposed to
transfer that responsibility to anybody else.
We know full well what has been the action
heretofore of these rings and commissions.
There is no responsibility upon them; the re-
sponsibility after all comes back to the head
of the Department, and the country must hold
him responsible for his action in regard to this
matter, and in regard to all other matters with
which he is charged. Therefore I took the
ground in the committee, as I take the ground
here, that if this property has so far deterior-
ated as to have become useless for the purr
poses of the Navy, the best plan is to throw it
into the market and sell it for what it will bring,
and then go on and reconstruct our Navy upon
a better and more effective basis. ■
Sir, I am not for dividing responsibility.
Although the heads of Departments may not
be so able to judge upon these matters as a.
commission, provided that commission be hon-
est, still there is no other point to which, we
can direct the attention of this country where
the responsibility would attach as it would to
the Secretary of the Navy if he is required to
take action in reference to this matter.
I have no faith in these commissions. I
believe that they have given rise to a great
deal of the trouble of which we now complain.
If the Secretary of the Navy-had acted directly,
without the aid of these numerous commis-
sions of which the Navy has been constituted,
we should not have to complain to-day that
we are without a Navy. And if we were to go
to war to-morrow, I do not believe we could
find half a dozen ships in the whole Navy that
would be competent to represent the character
and the dignity of this great nation. I am for
selling at whatever cost (provided fair compe-
tition be allowed) the defective material of our
Navy, and placing the Navy upon such a basis
that it will represent the power of this nation,
and will be adequate for' any emergency that
may spring up; and I believe, sir, the emer-
gency is imminent.
Mr. HALE. I ask now that debate be
closed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to closing debate
at present. I want to move an amendment, to
insert in the amendment now pending, before
the word "provided," the words "except
such as may have been specially distinguished
in the naval history of the country ; " so that the
clause will read:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to sell at public sale such
vessels and materials of the United States Navy as
in his judgment are not suitable for or capable of
profitable use, repair, or fitting out, except- such as
may have been specially distinguished in the naval
history of the country. i ,
Mr. DICKEY. I suggest to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maykard] that the lan-
guage of his amendment is very indefinite.
Some of these vessels which we propose to sell
have been " specially distinguished" for their
incapacity to sail or. do anything else. If the
gentleman means historic vessels, that is
another thing. These vessels we propose to
sell have been "specially distinguished."
Mr. MAYNARD. Not "distinguished in
the naval history of the country."..
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say that I approve
the main purpose of the pending proposition.
We have in our Navy much worthless material
which we ought undoubtedly to sell—not
because we shall ever get much for it; the
Government never gets much money in that
way; but because the material is doing no good
to any one, and by selling it we may put it in
hands where it will be useful. But in carry-
ing out that policy there are certain of our
vessels,, identified with the proudest pages of
our history and with the highest glories of our
Navy, which we cannot afford to sell.
I am aware that sentiment is out of place,
necessarily and properly so, in our delibera-
tions here. But there are some sentiments
that we cannot afford to forget or forego. Mr.
Chairman, the flags that hang over your head
hang there as the expression of a sentiment;
and the same may be said of the portraits which
adorn the walls on each side of your chair.
But there is nothing that appeals to the senti-
ment of patriotism more powerfully than those
old vessels—useless it may he as vessels in the
present state of naval warfare, but of power-
ful use as a moral stimulus in the operations
of our Navy for all time. Why, sir, I would
as soon sell an heirloom as sell one of those old
relics. I would as soon sell the trinket that
