18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
precedent would grow are already in the very
worst aspect before the world? And if these
facts be correct, as they are taken to be cor-
rect by the world abroad, is the Senator from
New Jersey ready perhaps to accept the doc-
trine of international law and of neutral duties
illustrated by those facts, not only to be fol-
lowed by the United States against .other
nations, but also by other nations against
ourselves? If there is a precedent in this
matter, is it not our manifest interest by our
own just, fearless action, to break its point?
If we have been betrayed by some of our
agents, is it not our manifest interest to take
a correct stand against this wrong by our own
free resolution ? Mischief can arise only in
one way out of this, and that is if we wan-
tonly undertake to defend a false position.
Now, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts
and myself are here and there assailed on the
score of patriotism. I ask the Senator from
New Jersey who were the truest patriots in the
British Parliament when the question of letting
out the rebel cruisers was being discussed
there; were they not the men who denounced
the wrong and predicted its consequences?
Were not those the men who had the honor of
their country most sincerely at heart? Wasit
not Cobden and Bright whose names I may
mention again? They were then accused of
making up a case against their country just
as we are now. They met that accusation
without fear, because they knew they were
right. They were not frightened, because they
knew their cause was just. And to-day, let
me say, it is universally recognized that Eng-
land would occupy a nobler position among
the nations of the earth had their wise, noble,
and patriotic counsels been followed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question there?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What would he say to
Cobden and Bright if they were now at this
present moment to introduce a resolution into
Parliament calling for an inquiry the object
of which should be to show that her Majesty's
Government (which nobody now knows-to be
true) had actually been in-official communica-
tion with the rebels, and had agreed to fit out
ships for them—what would he say of Cobden
and Bright then ?
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 would say that if inform-
ation to that effect were already before the
world, if the world had reason to believe it,
if that information were in such a suggest-
ive shape as that in which the information is
in this case, then Cobden and Bright would
be perfectly right and patriotic in proposing
an investigation, either in order to show that
there was no truth in those statements, or if
there were to let the guilty parties suffer for it;
in either case setting their country right before
the world.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, may I ask my friend
for another moment? The difference in the
two eases is that we have no such information
of any kind, and therefore my friend answers
the case by supposing another which is alto-
gether different.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does fhe Senator from
Vermont assert that there is no important
information here? Why, sir, have we not been
reading to liim here document after document?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not documents, I beg
pardon.
Mr. SCHURZ. Have we not been reading to
him here things testified to in French courts ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, the
Senator has been reading to us here, after his
documents failed him, the same sort of thing
that can be read in the correspondence of cer-
tain Missouri newspapers about the Senator,
which none of us see fit to inquire into, and
which everybody may treat with scorn and con-
tempt. If it is the business of a nation to
take up all that gossip and scandal and rumor
carry around, and make it the subject of in-
vestigation, then there are few people, out of
the Senate I will say, who should not be the
objects of investigation.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I think the
Senator makes rather light of this subject.
We quoted the other day the sworn testimony
of Mr. Le Cesne before the court in France in
the Place trial. I read it to the Senate; and
when it was suggested that it was a mere
newspaper report, I then told the Senate that
I held in my hands another account which
appeared to be the phonographic report of
that trial, and I asked to read that too. Do
you know what answer I received ? I received
the answer that I had already got this state-
ment three times into the Globe inside of
another Senator's speech, and I should not
be permitted to have it the fourth time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You did not ever receive
any such answer from me.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, I received it from the
Senator from Indiana. So, after all, sir, it is
not a mere newspaper squib, not a mere canard
which we are speaking of; it is a statement
which comes from as good authority as can be
found on that subject.
Have we not had here letters from Mr. Rem-
ington ; have we not had here a letter from
the Secretary of War? Does he doubt these
authorities 1 Does he deny that from these
statements information appears which has
gone all over the world, not from here, but
published abroad long before it was discussed
in this body ? And yet lie will deny that in
other places they had material out of which to
form an opinion. Ah! sir, we have heard
this kind of talk before. The other day the
honorable Senator from New York held up a
pamphlet charging us with giving aid and com-
fort to the Democrats in New Hampshire—a
pamphlet containing speeches made against
.corruption in the New York custom-house.
What is the moral of this story? It is simply
this : " Do not denounce corruption for it m-iy
hurt your party!" Apply the language of
the Senator from New Jersey and it will be:
do not try to discover or denounce that which
appears to be wrong, for it may possibly re-
flect upon your country!
Let me tell you, sir, it is by just such doc-
trines that parties are corrupted and ruined;
it is by just such doctrines and practices that
nations are disgraced. Patriotism I Who is
the true patriot in this case? He who would
advise the great American people sneakingly
to cover up what cannot be covered up, in the
hope that we may possibly not be challenged
for it. or he who, following the example of
the truest men of England, endeavors to lift
up this Republic to a higher plane of duty, to
discover and to set right of her own free will
what is wrong, and thus to stand with a pure
forehead and with the pride of a good con-
science before the world in the full luster of
good faith and honor, able to say to the nations
around her, "See here; we have done this
thing of our own accord; nobody compelled
us; nobody asked it of us; our will was free;
but we did it because we desired to be just
to ourselves in being just to others?'' That
is what I call patriotism worthy of the great
American people.
I must confess, Mr. President, I regretted
deeply when I heard the Senator from New
Jersey make some allusion to my German
nativity, as if he were inclined, not directly,
but in some indirect way, to express his appre-
hension ol the possibility that I might be act-
uated by interests and sympathies not Amer-
ican. He has disclaimed such intention, and
I gladly accept his disclaimer ; but undoubt-
edly, from the tenor of his remarks, such an
inference might have been drawn. Let me
tell the Senator from New Jersey that although
I certainly am not ashamed of having sprung
from that great nation whose monuments stand
so proudly upon all the battle-fields of thought;
that great nation which, having translated her
mighty soul into action, seems at this moment
to hold in her hands the destinies of the Old
World; that great nation which for centuries
has sent abroad thousands and thousands of
her children npon foreign shores with their
intelligence, their industry, and their spirit
of good citizenship; while I am by no means
ashamed of being a son of that nation, yet I
may say I am proud to be an American citi-
zen. This is my country. Here my children
were born. Here I have spent the best years of
my youth and manhood. All the honors I have
gained, all the aimsof my endeavors, and what-
ever of hope and promise the future has for
me, it is all encompassed in this my new father-
land.^ My devotion to this great Republic will
not yield to that of the Senator from New Jer-
sey, nor to that of any member of this body,
nor to that of any man born in this country.
I would not shrink from any sacrifice to prove
it, as I never did shrink from it. And, sir, for
this very reason I want, with every means
within our reach, to have that spot washed off
with which, apparently, the good name of this
Republic has been soiled.
The Senator also intimated yesterday that
the German-born American citizens could not
entirely forget their old fatherland. Possibly
not; but I ask him, should they forget it?
Does he not know that those who would meanly
and coldly forget their old mother could not
be expected to be faithful to their young bride?
[Manifestations of applause in the galleries.]
Surely, sir, the German-born citizens of this
country have demonstrated their fidelity in the
hour of danger. When the President of the
United States called upon the faithful sons of
the Republic to step forward and to brave death
on the field of battle, methinks the German-
American citizens were not among the last to
respond to the summons. Nay, in some places
they were even among the first, and it is with
pride that I point to the State of Missouri, the
key of the Mississippi valley, which, by the
prompt action and energetic patriotism of its
German born citizens, was, at the commence-
ment of the rebellion, saved to the Union.
No, sir; their thought of the old fatherland
did not stand in the way of their fidelity
to the new ; and even at the time when, by
the great events which were taking place on
the other side of the ocean, their sympathies
were so powerfully aroused, when their fears
and hopes concerning those they had left be-
hind were worked up to the highest pitch;
even then—I may say it with pride—there
was not a German in this country who, in all
that excitement, for a moment forgot that he
was an American citizen, and that liis first
duty was the observance of the laws of this
Republic. No, sir; let not their patriotism
be doubted, even jf in a case like this they
should desire that that friendship which is to
exist between the American Republic and the
great German naiioa on the other side of the
ocean, a friendship which may become so
fruitful of good, should stand upon the firm
basis of good faith, mutual confidence, and
untarnished honor.
I deny, however, that the international as-
pect of this question is by any means the most
important No, sir; it is not. I have con-
tended fiom the veiy first that in moving this
inquiry nothing was contemplated but the
vindication of our own laws, and 1 must con
fess I was amazed when I heard the Senator
from New Jersey argue yesterday that be-
cause the violation ot a certain statute here
did not give offense to Germany, therefore
it could be of no concern to us, How im-
portant to us the violation of that statute is,
1 am now going to show.
