164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
kind of investigation which would have given
ns the facts upon wliieh to base a wholesome
reform in our civil service.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is given nowasin-
struct ons to the committee, will it not answer
the same purpose? If we do it now as instruc-
tion, will it not be just as well?
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor vote for it as a proposition?
Mr. CONKLING. I have tried to make
my friend believe that several times. I said
iti the very debate which he is talking about
that I would vote for it.
Mr. BAYARD. And then he voted againstit.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, he
did not vote against it.
Mr. BAYARD. There stands the record.
Mr. CONKLING. As instruction to the
committee?
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot do more than re-
fer to the record. When a man produces that,
its verity is considered unassailable. The Sen-
ator is a learned lawyer, and therefore I will
let his explanation stand on the one side, and
the record of his vote and action stand on the
other.
Mr. CONKLING. On the same side.
Mr. BAYARD. He may get them as near
as he can ; the nearer the better.
Mr. CONKLING. On the same side.
Mr. BAYARD. But, Mr. President, as I
was about to say when interrupted by my hon-
orable friend from New York, the question to
be investigated is not so much the subtraction
from the Treasury by fraud of moneys thatare
wrung fromourover-taxed people—that is bad
enough—but it is for us to know that de-
falcations have been progressing through a
series of years with out detection or arrest, and
there septus t,o be no means by which our
bitter experience in the past, should lead to
any possibility of detection and prevention of
defalcations in the future. Why, sir, since this
debate commenced we find the ease of Mr.
Charles Callender, a very custodian of the
Treasury, the man who was deputed to examine
into the condition of the national banks and
report their soundness to the public, and we
lind that this man, continued as he has been
for years in the peculiar confidence of the
Treasury Department, has been duringall these
same years pursuing a most flagitious and
fraudulent course in safety, with apparently no
means whatever of detection until the banks
and their stockholders who are the victims of
his fraud are compelled to go into liquidation ;
and then, and not till then, is his fraud dis-
covered. The Tribune said on Thursday:
"At the very hour this debate was going on the
bank troubies here were dragging to li<rht the
astounding fact that Mr. Oharles Callender, the
United Scutes bank examiner for this distnet, has
been in the habit of borrowing very large sums of
money from the banks on whose financial condition
ic is his sworn duty to report, and suppressing the
tact of sucil loans in his reports, whereon the public
have accredited these banks as sound! Fiorn one
he had received STo.'JOJ, Ir.im another liiieen or
twenty thousand doi lars; in each his worthless mem-
orandum cheeks had absolutely been reported and
eountedasleg.il tender; and it is teared thatthe end
of the wi etehea work i? not yet reached."
When men see such things aie possible,
■when they see they are probable, when they
see that they can exist without any apparent
means or disposition for their detection, all
this has led to that feeling of insecurity
throughout the country which now makes the
demand for investigation and public reform
too strong to be safely resisted by any party,
whatever may be its present majority. It is
demanded by the public voice in unmistak-
able tones. I thank God it is so demanded by
the public voice, not of one party only, but by
the better men of both parties, and the coun-
try will judge how it has been responded to in
this Council Chamber.
it will not do bv empty professions to sav
that you are in favor of reform and yet vote to
impede, embarrass, and restrict every practice!
step taken to secure the information necessary
to base it upon. There must be works in this
! case. There must be acts, not hollow profes-
! sions ; and, however ingeniously gentlemen
i may seek to explain away their votes, themean-
■ ingand operation of their votes cannot begotten
' rid of, and I do not think will be misunder-
I stood by the common sense of the people of
S this country.
j This demand has been growing since the
war closed. The period of necessary excite-
j> ment in which our whole country was placed
by the terrible convulsions of civil war en-
i: abled men under a patriotic cloak to avail
ij themselves of the excitement to enrich them-
i: selves at public expense and intrench them-
j: selves behind abuses. Gradually, as the excite-
i ment of the war has passed away, as the
1 country is resuming once more the sober-
ij suited garb of peace, the demand for investi-
I : gation. retrenchment, and reform is increasing,
i; We saw it early in 1866, in one of the most
j[ valuable officers in the service of our Govern-
ii ment. I refer to the former Special Commis-
sioner of Revenue, Mr. David A. Wells. His
j' party faith was unquestioned—a man of high
personal character, of remarkable aptitude for
; the position which he occupied; but when he,
} in a non-partisan spirit, in an honest desire for
i the public good, sought to show you abuses
, growing out of your system of revenue ; when
I he, a most genuine and valuable reformer,
I made his essay, I ask the Senate, and I ask the
i country, what was his fate? Was his work
j appreciated? Was his desire for reform met
bin a proper spirit by this Administration?
;j Was he aided in his good work? No, sir; his
n reports were stifled, so far as they could be
jj stifled, and he was relieved from his official
II duties immediately upon the expiration of his
jl term and just at the time when his services
j, and experience were most necessary for the
! welfare of the Government and our people.
• ■ Such was his fate. The abilities and capacity
!i for usefulness which this Administration and
; this Senate cast aside as worthless and as
i interfering with the interests of their political
i party were anxiously and instantly sought by
■ ; the great State of New York, and there his
T talents and abilities, his honesty of purpose,
' have found a due and honorable recognition.
Under their present Executive the people of
1 N e w York are reaping the rewards and the bene-
■ fits of the great ability of Mr. Wells, of which
]■ the Administration of the Government of the
\ United States deliberately deprived the people
■ j of all the other States.
■; The next attempt at reform was by the then
: Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Jacob D. Cox,
a name that in all sections and ill every party
of this country is never mentioned but with
respect. We all know what the result of his
i attempt at reformation was; that when he
would have saved the poor clerks throughout
• all our Departments ofGovernment from forced
contributions levied upon their slender salaries
1 for the grossest partisan purposes, when be
endeavored to stand between so corrupting
1 and gross an abuse and the victims of such a
system, what was his fate ? Nay, further, when
he stood between the interests of the United
States and the notorious claim of Mr. Garra-
han & Co.. what was the result?
Sir, the same Administration that ejected
from its councils that wise and just counselor,
honest man, and genuine reformer, hold and
still holds in its embrace a Postmaster General
. who allowed the claim of Chorpenning, which
this Senate and the other House unanimously
voted to disallow, and so declared its allow-
; ancc by the Department a trick and a vile fraud
upon the public Treasury.
I Well, sir, other attempts at reform have been
made, we are told, (and of the truth of these
, tilings I speak but as any other witness.) We
are so told by the public press, and by the re-
port of a jointseleet committee, made in March
;< la t. on retrenchment, of which the honorable
ii Senator from New Hampshire was chairman ;
|] and, by the way, let me here remark, is it not
•• a cause of surprise and regret that the Senate
and the country should lose the benefit of the
enlarged experience and abilities of tl>o--e gen-
tlemen who for so many months so ably con-
ducted these investigations? Would it not
have been in consonance with an honest desire
for true reform that those who had proved
themselves its able and zealous champions
should be continued in the exercise of their
functions? What man in priva'e life will lose
the benefit of the experience of his counsel,
whether he be legal or medical, in his troubles
of body or estate? And yet so it is, that the
pains and care, the experience, the informa-
tion derived by those honorable Senators who
formed that committee, is entireh disregarded,
and a new committee are to take up this ques
tion de novo, as if nothing had ever been
proved, nothing had ever been discovered, and
they are to embaik upon an unknown sea to
investigate the broad field of civil service in
|| our entire family of States.
I The New York custom-house, that vast cen-
|! ter of executive patronage, that great gate
;! through which the commerce of the nation
I! chiefly pours, the great avenue of our revenue
jj from foreign imports, has been made the sub-
ij ject of partial investigation ; and what has
ji been the attempt at reform there? What have
I! been the results of pointing out to this much-
lauded Administration the gross abuses that
i, there existed? Let the debate of the last week
• i answer. For, sir, it seems, for some strange
ji reason, that a Senator in this Chamber of
ji either party cannot arise to denounce abuse in
;j office, corruption and inefficiency in the civil
>[ service of our country, bat he is charged iu-
; stantly with a personal attack oil the President
,i of the United States!
I: Sir, that is a most imprudent admission on
the part of the champions of that official, that
!. fraud in the abstract or concrete, fraud geu-
:j eral or special, abuse of executive power,
abuse of official patronagp. cannot be men-
j1 tioned but instantly the innuendo is that it is
[' intended for the present Executive. And yet
such is the position in which the champions
'• of the Administration have placed their chief !
That was the only answer to the very able
0 speech delivered hese by the honorable Sena-
|i tor from Missouri. [Mr. Schurz;] uot that his
1 facts were not true, not that his deductions
i were not logical and just, but that they eon-
I tained some supposed covert attack upon the
i Administration! If gentlemen are willing to
|l let these questions so rest, if they are willing
i to accept such an issue, I, for one, cannoi say
that I especially regret it, nor that 1 would not
: be perfectly willing to go before the people of
this country upon it, not doubting tiie result.
: There is in this country undeniably a wide-
spread suspicion and belief that the tenure of
civil office 111 the United States is now a mere
, reward for partisan service and a mere weapon
for party success. 1 am one of those whocon-
. sider it most important that that fact should
be determined one way or the other. "1 hete
can be no greater evil to a country inflicted
than to destroy the confidence of the people
; in those who rule it. Voluntarily, I would
j: never do it; not simply for the abstract ques-
j tion of personal justice, or of that injustice
which would be dishonorable to a man guilty
j of it, but because I consider that the permit-
1 nence of our Government, the very substance
, and soul of our institutions, rests upon the
, hfarty support that the mass of the people of
' our country give to the Government which they
themselves created, and by which th<'v mean
to govern themselves. He is no friend to rep-
resentative government who will ailow a sus-
picion or a stigma to re.-t upon a represent-
ative without instant challenge, in order to
refute it; or, finding the charge true. to drive
from the public n-iviee the official who had
prosed hi nisei fun wort by.
I say, sir, that, there is a widespread suspi-
cion and boiiet of tins fact; ami it is the duty
of every representative, no matter'whether lie
acts with the political party represented by the
