112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
1 listened with some amusement the other
day to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton.] It will be remembered that I put ihe
question to that Senator whether he would
consider the statute permitting oniy the sale
of damaged arms or arms otherwise unsuita-
ble for the use of our Army or militia, violated
if arms had been sold which were declared
by the War Department itself fit to be issued
to our own troops. I say I was somewhat
amused when I put that question to the Sen
ator from Indiana and I could get neither yes
nor no from him. I said then, (and I beg
the Senator's pardon if I imputed motives to
him which he did not entertain, although there
was some reason for the supposition.) that the
Senator declined to answer possibly because
he was already thinking of what excuse he
would have to bring forward for the Adminis-
tration in so deperate an emergency, the vio-
lation of the law being clearly admitted by an
official declaration. And sure enough, in an
elaborate speech it was gravely argued by the
Senator from Indiana that although the War
Department declared that certain arms were
fit for issue to our own troops, yet the War
Department was authorized to sell the same
arms under a statute which provided that no
arms should be sold which were officially
declared suitable for our own troops if there
were other arms still more suitable. It was
a curious spectacle ; but what shall we say of
it when we look at the surrounding circum-
stances? Listen while I read a few para-
graphs from the official reports of the chief
of ordnance. In his report for 1869 he said:
"The operations at the Springfield armory have
been chiefly confined to fabricating the necessary
machines, tools, and fixtures required for con-
verting the Sprmgfi' Id rifled muskets into breech-
loaders, upon the plan recommended by the ord-
nance board in January, 1868, and approved by
the Secretary ot War ; to the conversion of a small
number of muskets, in execution of the order given
by the Secretary of War to alter fifty thousand arms,
and to cleaning Enfield muskets for sale. The
Springfield armory is now adequate to the conver-
sion of' two hundred muskets per day of eight
hours."
I read this for the purpose of showing in
"what way breech-loading rifles were produced
for the use of our troops. It was by convert-
ing muzzle-loading Springfield muskets into
breech-loaders.
Now, sir, T come to the report of 1870. The
chief of ordnance then reported as follows:
"The Springfield breech-loading muskets, with
which the troops have been armed for more than
three years, continue to give satisfaction."
And the Senator will mark that that is not
the Springfield musket of 1868, but it is the old
pattern, for this report was made on the 25th
of October, 1870. The chief of ordnance says:
"The Springfield breech-loading muskets with
which the troops have been armed for more than
three years"—
Before 1808—
" continue to give satisfaction. There are about
thirty-five thousand on hand of the model of 1868.
It is believed that the arm is one of the very best
that has been devised, and it is worthy of considera-
tion whether the alteration of the Springfield muz-
zle-loading muskets, upon this system, should not
be resumed at once at the national armory, which
otherwise will soon be without orders for work."
And now, sir, this having been reported on
the 25tli of October, 1870, it was in the follow-
ing December that the very same arms were
sold as unsuitable for the troops of the United
States, as the Senator from Indiana contends.
But now, sir, comes a still more important
document. It is the report of 1871, the last.
The chief of ordnance says :
"The operations at the Springfield armory have
been confined chiefly to the conversion of a small
number of Springfield rifle-muskets into breech-
loaders for issue to troops "—
Mark you—
" and to theStates and colleges; to the manufacture of
twenty-two thousand Remington rifles for the Navy
Department, and three or four kinds of experimental
muskets and carbines for comparative trial by troops
in the field. Three of these systems have been put
into the hands of the troops, and monthly reports
aro made to this bureau upon them, as was directed
by you on my indorsement of July 8,1870, submit-
ting the report of the board of officers of June 10,
1870, of which Major General Schofield was president.
" It is expected that sufficient information in re-
gard to these experimental arms will be derived
from troops using them to warrant the appointment—
some time next summer—of the board which is to
select and recommend to the War Department a
breech-loading system for adoption for the military
service."
And here it appears that before the adoption
of a breech-loading arm has been definitively
agreed upon, the Senator from Indiana argues
that a certain breech-loading arm had to be
sold because it was considered unsuitable for
the troops of the United States. But worse
than that, sir. I read from the report of the
chief of ordnance again:
"It is highly important that this board shall act
as soon as possible upon the subject, and that a
breech-loading system shall be adopted as soon as
possible, and adhered to until a large number of
breech-loaders can be made for the Government.
Now there are less than ten thousand breech- load-
ins muskets in the arsenals for issue. This number
of muskets is not half sufficient to supply the States
with the muskets they are now entitled to receive
under their apportionment of the permanent appro-
priation for arming and equipping the militia. It
is important that the arms of the States should be
like those used by the Government, and I believe
theStates are anxious to get the some kind of arms.
For these reasons I have been anxious to furnish
them, to the extent of ">heability of the Department
and of their credits, with arms like those our troops
are armed with, and I have not been willing to en-
courage any State in getting any other arms. This
Department should, as soon as possible, be placed in
a condition to fill all proper requisitions by the
States upon it, and should also have on hand in store
a large number of breech-loading muskets and car-
bines to meet any emergency that may arise. Tec
years ago''—
Mark you—
"the country felt that not less than a million of
muskets should be kept in store in the arsenals. We
are making very few arms at present, and for the
reason that no breeeh-io;iding arm has yet been
adopted for our military service."
What does this mean? It means, on the
showing of the chief of ordnance himself, that
at this present moment, by the sales of arms
that have taken place, this country stands to
such extent disarmed. We are speaking of
international difficulties lowering around the
horizon, how the treaty of Washington is
to be set aside, how we may drift into a war,
and it will not be forgotten that some time
ago rumors were rife of an impending diffi-
culty with Spain. If ruptures had come, what
would have been our situation? Look once
more at the statute. What does it mean?
"Resolved, &e„ That the Secretary of "War be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be
sold, after offer at public sale on thirty days' notice,
in such manner and at such times and places, at
public or private sale, as he may deem most advan-
tageous to the public interest"—
What?
" the old cannon, arms, and other ordnance stores
now in possession of the War Department which are
damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the least mili-
tary service, or for the militia of the United States."
And now we have here an official report
from the chief of ordnance testifying, in the
first place, that just when those arms were
sold the breech-loading arm of 1866, a large
quantify of which was disposed of, was still
in the hands of the troops, and was considered
a very good arm ; and, secondly, that we want
a million breech-loading muskets in our arsen-
als for the purpose of providing against an
emergency. And justsuch breech-loaders were
sold in large quantities. What does the statute
mean? It means, if it has any sense at all, that
only such arms should be sold as are useless
for our troops. Now, what do we want for our
troops? We want breech loaders, for the
breech-loader is now the only small arm that
has any efficiency upon the battle-field. Gen-
eral Dyer says we ought to have a million
of them. How are breech-loaders to be
obtained ? In the first place, let me tell the
Senator from Indiana, by keeping those we
have ; and in the second place, by manufac-
turing new ones, or by transforming Spring-
field muskets that are fit for such transform-
ation into breech loaders as rapidly as we can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Docs it not cost more to
make that transformation than to make new
arms ?
Mr. SCHURZ. The chief of ordnance him-
self says that that is the method which has for
a long time been followed at tiie Springfield
armory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And is found to be entirely
inadequate and too costly.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. He refers to something else. He means
in all probability the change of calibers which
is very costly ; but certainly the Senator from
Vermont will not make the Senate believe
that it is cheaper to make an entirely new arm
than to take the stock, the barrel, the lock,
and the bayonet of an old musket and then
puta new breech-piece into it, thus transform-
ing it into a breech-loading arm.
Now, sir, if you want to appreciate the futility
of the argument of the Senator from Indiana,
let me ask him the question whether he would
consider it safe that all the guns still fit for
service should be sold, when a new model
appears preferable, before a sufficient supply
of arms of that new model can be obtained ?
They are now expecting to change their arms
in the infantry service of other Governments.
They do so in Germany. Does he think that
there would be any Government improvident
enough, say Germany, for instance, to dispose
of the old needle-guns and sell them off before
they have a sufficient supply of the new gun
to arm the military forces of the country?
Make such a proposition to such a Govern-
ment and they will denounce it as absurd, as a
positive treachery to the true interests of the
country ; and I think if the statute which I
have in my hand had anv meaning it was that
its restrictive clause should prevent just such
a contingency.
Now, sir, imagine a war to come on us.
There will be a cry for arms. We shall labor
under the same embarrassment tinder which
we staggered in the spring of 1861. We shall
send agents into foreign countries to pick up
muskets for us. We want guns. Where are
they? Once we had a good supply of them
that might have been transformed into breech-
loaders. Where are they? Remington bought
them and carried them to France. - We want
breech-loaders for our troops. Where are
they? Once they were in our arsenals, not
found unfit, and at that very time in the hands
of our troops. We want them, and where are
they now? Lawyer Thomas Richardson, from
Iliou, New York, bought many thousands of
them, and Remington sent them to France.
With these arms, described officially by the
War Department as fit for issue to our own
troops, 1 maintain that the law was sold, and
with the law and these arms I maintain that
the defensive capacity of the country was sold ;
and if you want the proof of it look into the
official reports of the chief of ordnance him-
self.
Where now is the argument of the Senator
from Indiana that the War Department, under
a restrictive law expressly forbidding the sale
of arms which are fit for issue to our own
troops, could still sell arms which were re-
ported upon by the chief of ordnance himself
as fit for issue to our troops? Will the Sena-
tor from New Jersey still insist that this viola-
tion of our own law is of no concern to us
because it is of no concern to the Government
of Germany?
Mr. President, I give notice that I shall move
an amendment to this resolution, to inquire
also whether breech-loaders and other mus-
kets capable of being transformed into breech-
