3748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
May 22,
of these officers without at least some shadow
of proof.
Se speaks of this matter of roofing, and
yet it is a fact, proved here, that this roofing
has not been used on a single building for the
past three years—not on one single building
designed and built under the supervision of
this supervising architect.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How absurd 1 when
you know it was put on here during the last
spring.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That may have
been done in the way of repairs. Take
another fact. He'accuses the Commissioner
of Patents of being improperly influenced in
granting a renewal of the patent for this
roofing. The simple fact is that on full testi-
mony and after full hearing that renewal of
patent was granted as it is done in all other
similar cases. Can the gentleman from Illi-
nois afford, is his position such that he can
afford to attack the Secretary of the Treasury
•without proof, as well as the Commissioner
of Patents and Mr. A. R. Shepherd ?
He accuses Mr. Mullett and Mr. Shepherd
of changing their politics. Now it is far bet-
ter to be right occasionally than to be in such
a position as the gentleman from Illinois so
that nobody in the world can "tell where
he is." A gentleman who lives in a district
in Illinois having a Republican majority of
eight thousand which dwindles down in a
short time to only three hundred Republican
majority cannot afford to attack any man's
politics or any man's integrity without proof.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I can-
not allow the remarks of the gentleman from
Connecticut to pass without some reply at least.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Obio. 1 will yield for
one minute to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know why
my friend from Connecticut should interfere
in this matter. Nobody has attacked him. I
do not know but some one who is interested
in granite contiacts who is a friend of his mny
have had his corns trampled upon ; but if I
have done so I did not know it.
I do notlcnowwhy he should on all occasions
spring forward to the rescue of everybody con-
nected with the Board of Public Works in this
city. I have not said a word about the Com-
missioner of Patents I read from the report
of a committee of this House. I do not know
■what right he has to thrust himself forward
here to champion these officers whether they
are attacked or not. I cannot be deterred
from exercising my privileges of debate by
holding the rod of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury over me or anybody else.
The gentleman seems well acquainted with
the affairs in my district. I congratulate him
on his knowledge, but he had better look to
his own district. Whether my majority be large
or small will not affect me in doing my duty
in this House, and when I see the head of a
man stealing from the Government I will hit it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Then the gen-
tleman ought not to criticise anybody else's
politics.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I decline to
accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, and demand the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table. The Secretary of the
Treasury will take care of himself.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
24, noes 100.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The Clerk read Mr. Farnsworth's amend-
ment, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury report to this
House specific answers to the charges made by said
Farxsworth in the above remarks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not admit
that.
Mr. RANDALL. Why not ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offered thatamemd-
ment when I was speaking, and the Chair asked
me to draw my amendment up in writing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not admit
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Ohio as consenting to the
amendment, and it was reduced to writing at the
request of the Chair.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
allowed.
The question being taken on Mr. Farns-
worth's amendment, there were—ayes 76,
noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the reso-
lution of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, as amended.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (H. R. No. 2761) to remove political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article
of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States.
OliDKR 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now insist on
my motion that the rules be suspended and
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the sundry civil appropriation
bill.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
104, noes 21.
So the motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK AND CANADA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for present consideration a bill
authorizing the Secretary of War to release
twenty-five acres of the lands of the United
States at Plattsburg', New York, to the New
York and Canada Railroad Company, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to object
until the bill shall be read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read.
Mr. WHEELER. I send to the Clerk's desk
a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of April 15,
1872.
The Clerk read as follows :
War Department, May 10, 1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to state to
tho House of Representatives, in reply to the reso-
lution of tho 15th ultimo, asking his opinion of the
expediency of selling fifty acres of the northern
portion of the garrison lands, and a right of way
through other lands connected with the military
barracks at Plattsburg, New York, that there is 110
objection to a sale, at an appraised value, of twenty-
five acres of the Plattsburg military reservation,
(most northerly portion,) on condition that the
dwelling-house now on it bo removed to such place
as may be designated by the War Department with-
out expense to the United States, the sale to be with
such restrictions as the Secretary of War may think
necessary to protect the interests of the Dmted
States.
There is no objection to selling the right of way to
said twenty-five acres through the reservation in
such a manner and course, and with such area, and
under such restrictions as the Secretary of War may
think necessary to protect the interests of the United
States. WM. W. BELKNAP,
{secretary of War.
Mr. WHEELER. The bill complies liter-
ally with the instructions of the Secretary of
War. It has been shown also to the mem-
bers of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and has their approbation.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill does not provide
for any mode of ascertaining the value of this
land.
Mr. WHEELER. It provides that the Sec-
retary of War shall ascertain and determine
its value.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill, I believe, is not
reported from any committee ?
Mr. WHEELER. It is not reported from
any committee. A bill on the subject was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
before this communication from the Secretary
of War came in; and I have now introduced
a new bill to comply with the instructions of
the Secretary of War. I adopt this means of
passing the bill, because little time is left to
consider it in committee. The company is
anxious to go on with its work without delay.
As I have already stated, the members of the
Committee on Military Affairs have examined
the bill, a.nd they approve it.
Mr. COBDRN". I may state that I have
personally, outside of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, looked at the bill, and it has my
approbation. I have no knowledge whether
other members of the committee have seen it
or not. I think it might be referred to the
committee, with leave to report at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should be satisfied if
the bill were sent to the committee with leave
to report at any time, as suggested by my col-
league.
Mr. BE ATTY. I object to the present con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the bill be passed.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
made, the House having agreed to go into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I give notice that
I will embrace the earlist opportunity of mak-
ing that motion.
shoshone and bannock indians.
The SPEAKER announced, as members
of the committee of conference on the part
of the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1914) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to nego-
tiate with the chiefs and head-men of the Sho-
shone and Bannock tribes of Indians for the
relinquishment of a portion of their reserva-
tion in Wyoming Territory, Mr. Burdett of
Missouri, Mr. Shanks of Indiana, and Mr.
Williams of New York.
nez perce indian reservation.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior relative to the purchase
and improvement of the Nez Perc6 Indian
reservation in the Territory of Idaho; which
was _ referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
pensioner of the war of 1812.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, relative to the transfer of
an appropriation for widows and dependent
relatives and pensioners of the war of 1812 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
john w. snyder.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the claim of
John W. Snyder for alleged Indian depreda-
tions in 1869; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
election contest bowen vs. DE large.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional papers in the contested-election case
of Bowen vs. De Large ; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the'state of the Union,
(Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and resumed the
