1872.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
loaders were sold in such numbers as to seri-
ously impair the defensive capacity of the
country in case of war.
There is another point in the speech of the
Senator from New Jersey to which I desire to
refer; it is the general-order business. It has
frequently appeared to me that the President
of the United States has friends who lack one
great quality of which theystand very much
in need, and that is, discretion ; for if they
did not lack that quality they surely would
not be so zealous in dragging the general-order
business before the United States Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from Mis-
souri whether he counts himself among that
number?
Mr. SCHURZ. Let me tell the Senator
from Vermont there was only one time when
I referred to the general-order business, and
that was when we ordered the investigation
to be made into the affairs of the New York
custom-house.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not answer the
question.
Mr. SCHURZ. Since then I have not men-
tioned it except when 1 was provoked in reply
to others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I asked the Senator from
Missouri whether he counted himself among
the number of those patriots who are friendly
to the interests of the President in his official
capacity?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly, to the best and
truest interest of the President I have always
been friendly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am glad to know it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, sir, let me restate
the case. There was a system of robbery in
New York called the general-order business,
conducted by two men whose names are
Leet and Stocking. That general-order busi-
ness was investigated by a committee appointed
by Congress, it was discovered to be a sink
of iniquity, and that committee made report
accordingly. The merchants of New York
protested against it in strong language and
asked for a change. The Secretary of the
Treasury sent a commission to New York to
inquire into the same matter. That commis-
sion reported against it also, and the Secretary
of the Treasury pronounced his opinion in
conformity with that report. Then, in discuss-
ing this matter, I expressed the opinion that
since the merchants of New York had pro-
tested against this scandalous abuse, since a
committee of Congress had investigated it and
found it to be such, since the Secretary of the
Treasury had investigated it and pronounced
his opinion against it, and still that abuse was
continued, there must be a power sustaining
it stronger than public opinion as expressed
by the mercantile community of New York,
stronger than the committees of Congress, and
stronger than the Secretary of the Treasury
himself. For this I have been frequently taken
to task, and yet nobody has so far been found
to deny or confute the justice of the conclusion.
The Senator from New Jersey yesterday at
last seemed to discover a way out of the diffi-
culty, at least satisfactory to himself. He
tells us that that power may be stronger than
public opinion, stronger than the Secretary of
the Treasury, stronger than the committees of
Congress, but still the President may be answer-
able for nothing, for that power may be even
stronger than the President himself. What
can this power be?
The Senator from New Jersey tells us that
under the law the collector of the port of New
York has the regulation of the warehouses
under his control, and is responsible for them.
Did I understand him correctly ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not say so.
Mr. SCllURZ. If the Senator will restate
his own position I shall be very much obliged
to him.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 8.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I said it had
been insisted by the collectors that inasmuch
as they and their bondsmen were liable for the
delivery of goods, the discretion was with them
as to what rules should be formed ; that the
Secretary of the Treasury had told me he had
neither admitted nor denied that to be the law,
but that he had always felt very much indis-
posed to make any rules and regulations which
were contrary to the will and opinion of those
who had to enforce them, and that recently he
had had the law examined by one of his law
officers, and the opinion was given that the law
was as the collectors had heretofore insisted.
Mr. SCHUIiZ. Very well. Then, sir, ac-
cording to what the Senator from New Jersey
s'ates, there has long been a doubt, as to whether
the Secretary of the Treasury—that is to say,
the executive department of this Government,
the Administration—was in any way by law
authorized to interfere with the arrangements
made by the collector of customs at New York
in this respect. Is not that it? I address
myself to my honorable friend again.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not hear
the Senator.
Mr. SCHURZ. I say, according to the
statement of the Senator from New Jersey, it
appears that there has long been a doubt in
the mind of the Secretary of the Treasury
whether he himself—that is to say, the exec-
utive department of this Government—was by
law authorized to interfere with the arrange-
ments made by the collector of customs at
New York in this respect, meaning the ware-
houses. Is not that, it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Senator
from Missouri calls on me to reply to him, he
must let me do it in my own way. The Sen-
ator is a very dexterous debater; he is a very
skillful fencer; and, not content with his supe-
rior skill, he likes to take (and he does it in a
very friendly way) his opponent by the button
and lead him to some spot where the sod is a
little slippery and he has the advantage of the
ground, and then show the spectators how
readily he can trip him up. I would prefer
that the Senator make his own argument, and
if there is anything at the end of it that I
think needs answering, I will then answer it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator mis-
takes my purpose altogether. I merely wanted
to know whether I was stating his position cor-
rectly. for I was animated by a desire not to
misinterpret him. If this was so. if there
was a doubt in the mind of the Secretary of
the Treasury whether the executive department
of this Government had any legal power to
interfere with the arrangements o! the collector
of customs at New York with reference to the
warehouses, then the case stands thus: here
is a great abuse—the general-order business—
a notorious scandal. The executive depart-
ment is in doubt whether it is legally author-
ized to interfere with that system of robbery or
not, and it would appear that by the executive
department of this Government for a whole
year that doubt was resolved in favor of the
system of robbery.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor from Missouri a question if he wiil yield
for that purpose.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. HA 111 jA N. He has over and over again
pronounced the system adopted in New York
for storing goods on which duty has not been
i paid as a svstem of robbery and corruption
! which this Government has refused to correct.
I I have not heard him yet state what his plan
! of remedy is. How can these diilieuines be
i removed? Has he as a Senator proposed any
j remedy ? Has he suggested any to the execu-
1 tive department ? 1 want to hear what the
| remedy is. It this general order system is so
j bad, what is the ameudment which he pro-
J poses to the bad law or the bad rule?
Mr. SCHURZ. I will tell the Senator. In
the first place, remove the rascals who stand
at the head of the establishment.
Mr. HAB.LAN. Very well; that does not
go to the system itself. It is the system he is
denouncing, and not the individual men, as I
understand him. Now, the system is the thing
found fault with. What is the remedy?
Mr. SCHURZ. Let me say to the Senator
from Iowa, in the first place, that we are not
discussing that point; and in the second
place 
Mr. HARLAN. I supposed we were dis-
cussing the arms question.
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall yield to the Senator
from Iowa as soon as I have finished my sen-
tence.
In the second place, the present arrange-
ments were made not by legislative but by
executive action, and having been made by
executive action they could be unmade by
executive action.
Mr. HARLAN. When were they made?
Mr. SCHURZ. The present arrange merits
were made under Collector Grmnell, and the
general-order business on the Elast river was
made a monopoly in the hands of Leet and
Stocking under Collector Murphy.
Mr. HARLAN. Long ago I I heard the
same question discussed on this floor more
than fitteen years ago, and the very same com-
plaints were brought forward then that are now
being brought forward by the Senator from
Missouri, as the Globe will show.
" Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Iowa
mistakes the ease. A general-order business
existed before, to be sure, but the general-order
business was very differently managed from
what it is now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In what respect?
Mr. SCHURZ. In the first, place it was
more honestly managed ; it was more econom-
ically managed with regard to the merchants;
they were not, plundered as they are now.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
from Missouri will pardon me, that goes to the
character of the man who is in. and he him-
self aided to put these men in by his vote
advising and consenting to their appointment.
1 suppose we are not here to discuss the char-
acter of the man. but of the system, the abuses
of the system, which he says is ail wrong and
rotten, which he thinks can be corrected—I
mean the general-order sjstera. If the gen^
eral-order business is all wrong and all rotten,
I want him to .stite here frankly and openiy
the remedy which he proposes for tuat system.
It is an old one.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have already given him
one remedy, and that is to remove the rascals
who stand at the head of it and put honest
men in their place. Now, the Senator says
that I am responsible with the rest that they
were put there. He certainly will not tell me
that those who are standing at the head of the
Government warehouses at, New York have
had to pass this Senate for confirmation.
Mr. HARLAN. The chief has had to pass
the Senate.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes. Collector Murphvliad,
to be sure; and if the Senator wants to know
by whose vote he was made collator—I am
not authorized to reveal secrets—not mine,
though. [Laughter.] No, sir, the system, a?
it was before it was made a monopoly, could
have been managed by honest men in an hon-
est wav, and if it has been mismanaged  
Mr. HAKLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me, I want him to state to the Senate distinc'Jy
what his remedy is. Is this merely a complaint
against some custom-house officer or other, or
is it the system that he desires to correct? It
there is some other piun he desires to propose
to correct the wrong, what is it? Weitisy cavil
here all day about the character of   man,
whether he is an houest man or a dtsiioiiest
