1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
An act (S. No. 855) to provide for the sale
of the marine hospital and grounds at San
Francisco.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 792) in addition to
an act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled ' An act for the removal of causes in cer-
tain cases from State courts,' approved July
27, 1866," approved March 2,1867, had asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed as conferees
on the part of the Senate Mr. Coxklixg, Mr.
Frelixghuysen, and Mr. Saulsbury.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move that the House
agree to the conference asked by the Senate
on the bill (S. No, 792) just returned from
that body.
The motion was agreed to.
oubsequentlv.
The SPEAKER announced as the conferees
on tho part of the House Mr. Bingham of
Ohio, Mr. Mercur of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Potter of New York.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce a bill removing
disabilities from three persons-
Mr. DICKEY. I announced the other day
that there should be no more bills of this kind
passed by unanimous consent. Let the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well.
The bill (H. R. No. 2113) to relieve John
A. Siraonton, Robert!'. C.Tucker, and Jesse
Partridge from the political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move a sus-
pension of the rules to pass a bill to confirm
the action of the board of aldermen and com-
mon council of the city of Washington des-
ignating a depot site for the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
shall have the right to extend its tracks from
Vmginia avenue along Sixth street to the open
grounds between Sixth street, B street north,
aad the canal, described as follows: beginning
at the southwest corner of Sixth street and B
street north, running west one hundred and
fifty feet along B street north; thence south
eight hundred and two feet on the present
line of the canal; thence east one hundred
and fifty feet to the line of Sixth street; thence
north by the line of Sixth street to the place
of beginning; and the said company shall, so
far as the United States can provide, have the
right to hold, use, and occupy the said grounds
for the purpose of constructing thereon a pas-
senger depot, to be used by the said company
for passengers and express-freight traffic, and
for no other purpose.
The bill further provides that the said prop-
erty so occupied by the said company, together
with the improvements which may be put
thereon, shall be subject to taxation by the
District of Columbia, the same as other prop-
erty in the District of Columbia, and to be
used exclusively for the support of the public
schools of the District.
It provides further that the company shall
lay no more than two tracks along Sixth street,
as near as practicable in the center of the
street, and as close together as practicable for
trains to pass over them. The rails used for
this purpose are to be constructed as flat rails,
like those used by the street railroads, so as
to facilitate wagon and carriage travel over the
same, and the track and the spaces between
it are to be kept paved with some suitable
material by the company, which is also to
pave with proper material at least two feet
outside of tho track.
It is further provided that upon the opening
of a carriage-road through the public reserva-
tions and crossing Sixth street the company
shall be required to construct, at its own cost
and expense, a handsome iron bridge of ample
width and height to enable carriages to pass
over the street freely and without danger, in
such manner and at such place as the officers
or other persons charged with the duty of
opening the reservations or connecting the
same as a public park shall direct. The com-
pany are farther required to adapt the grade
of its tracks to that which may at any time be
determined upon by the Board of Public Works
or other authorities having control of grades ;
but such change of grade shall not be made
as will practically interfere with or destroy the
use of the depot by the trains of the company;
provided that the company shall pay the own-
ers of private property along the line of Sixth
street and Virginia avenue, by which the said
railroad passes, any damages which said prop-
erty may sustain by reason of the laying of
this track along Sixth street, and the assessed
damages, if any, shall be ascertained in man-
ner and form as provided by the act of Con-
gress approved February 5, 1867, entitled "An
act to authorize the extension, construction,
and use of a, lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
It is provided further that it shall be un-
derstood that the question of damages referred
to in the bill shall be confined to the question
of the appreciation and depreciation of the
value of property owned along the said street,
and also that the railroad company shall pay
all damages for which the city of Washington
or the District of Columbia or the United
States may be liable to private property-hold-
ers now occupying the site described in the
bill growing out of their being required to
remove their property from the same and sur-
render their right of occupancy.
It is further provided that while trains are
moving to and from Virginia avenue along
Sixth street to the depot the company shall
keep flagmen at the several street corners to
warn people of danger, and that all provisions
of the board of aldermen and common coun-
cil of the city of Washington not inconsistent
with the bill are ratified by it.
It is further provided that tho act of Con-
gress approved March 3, 1871, granting a site
for a passenger depot to this railroad company
on Virginia avenue is repealed, to take effect
when the company obtain possession of the
depot property on Sixth street. The bill fur-
ther provides that the United States, by act
of Congress, shall have the right to repeal or
modify the provisions of this act, and that the
track of the company shall turn out of Sixth
street, and enter the depot with suitable curva-
tures at the south end thereof, and that the
depot shall not extend beyond B street north,
nor shall the track ever extend beyond B
street north.
The question recurred on suspending the
rules and passing the bill,
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman permit
me to offer an amendment ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I demand the
yeas and nays on my motion.
Mr. SWANN. Will tho gentleman permit
a vote to be taken on the amendment pending
to this bill on Friday last?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not yield
for that purpose.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 desire to make a sug-
gestion. This bill will be reached to-morrow
morning in its regular order, but one fifth of
the members present then have the power to
filibuster and prevent action, and it is for that
reason the friends of the project are driven to-
day to move a suspension of the rules requir-
ing a two-thirds vote in order to put the bill
upon its passage. I have examined the bill,
and see no objection to it.
Mr. SWANN. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to make my sug-
gestion.
Mr. POLAND. 1 object to debate.
Mr. KERR. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I have a proposition to
m Mr.' POLAND. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
from Vermont will not object.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think we should hear
the proposition, because if it now comes to a
vote only one motion to adjourn can be made
before the vote must be taken on the suspen-
sion of tho rules and the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the Chair must put the question on the motiou
to adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
25, noes 97.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
USITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. LEACH. I ask unanimous consent to
submit a unanimous report from the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States. The terms of the courts con-
flict ; that is, the term of the State courtB and
the term of the United States courts; and the
United States district judges arc in favor of the
proposed change. It will be too late to issue
process unless the bill be passed to-day. It is
merely to change the time for holding a term
of the United States circuit and district courts
at Harrisonburg, Virginia, and I hope there
will be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. LEACH, from the Committee on Re-
vision of the Laws of the United States,
reported back a bill (II. R. No. 1588) to
change the time for holding the spring term
of the United States circuit and district courts
at Harrisonburg, Virginia, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that
instead of the time now provided for in the
act approved February 1, 1872, to change the
times for holding the circuit and district court
of the United States for the western district of
Virginia, for holding the spring term at Har-
risonburg, in that State, said courts shall be
held thereat on the Tuesday after the first
Monday in May in each year.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LEACH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD,
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 32, nays 136, not voting
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatty.
Campbell, Carroll, Cox, Duke, Garfield, Hambleton,
Hay, Hibbard, Kerr, Leach, Manson, McGrew, Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Merrick, Monroe, Jtfib-
lack, Potter, Head, John M. Bice, Ritchie, Swann,
Terrv, Van Trump, Willard, Winchester, and
Wood—32. „ , _
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, .Awes, .Barber, Barry,
Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bmgham, Bird.
Bright, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Caldwell, Conger, Conner, Crocker, Crossland. Bar-
rail, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan. Dox, Duell, Dunnell,
Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Farnsworth, i inkeln-
burg, Wilder D. Foster, Pryo. Getz, GoUaday, Good-
rich. Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, llandley, Hanks,
llarmer, Harper, JohnT. Harris Havens, Hawley,
Hays. Gerry W.Hazelton, John W. Hazelton. Hern-
don, Hill, Hoar. Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Ken-
dall, Ketcham. Killinger. King, Lamison, Lamport,
Lansing, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, Maynara,
McClelland, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin
P. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey.Leonard Myers.
Ncgley, Orr. Packard, Palmer. Hosea W. Parker,
