1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
Governor Seth Padelford and 29 others, citi-
zens of Rhode Island, praying that a life-boat
station may be established on Block Island.
By Mr. POLAND: The memorial of Andrew
Wylie and others,in favor of the Northern Lib-
erties market.
By Mr. SHER WOOD: The petition of J.W.
Douglass and others, citizens of Pennsylvania,
and late soldiers in the Union Army, asking
additional pay, &c.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: The petition of 81
citizens of Maine, in favor of the passage of
Honse bill No. 660, giving bounty land to hon-
orably discharged soldiers and sailors in. the
service of the United States since the 4th day
of March, 1861.
Also, the petition of 152 citizens of Minne-
sota, in favor of the passage of the same bill.
Also, the petition of 62 citizens of the county
of Bedford, Pennsylvania, in favor of the pas-
sage of the same bill.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petitions
of Levi S. Hart, of Chatham county, and of L.
Carrington, George D. Case, and Samuel G.
White, of Baldwin county, Georgia, asking
the removal of their political disabilities.
By Mr. STEVENSON : The petition of A.
W. Doan, W. H. Bickman, William J. Evans,
and 95 others, soldiers of the war for the Union,
for an equalization of bounties and an amend-
ment of the homestead laws.
By Mr. STRONG : The memorial of Henry
D. Didier, of Hartford, Connecticut, in rela-
tion to the French spoliation claims.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: The petition of
W. R. Rayly and 114 others, for an appropri-
ation to complete the improvement of Eagle
harbor, on Lake Superior, Michigan.
Also, the petition of R. W. Jenny and sun-
dry others, publishers of newspapers, asking
that such publishers may receive papers partly
printed at the same rates as regular subscribers
to publications weighing four ounces.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of Isa-
bella B. Magness and others, heirs of Claudius
Besse, deceased, and Fannie R. Griffith, daugh-
ter and heir of Owings, deceased, praying the
passage of act authorizing the payment of the
French spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of M. IT. Lambdin, third
assistant engineer United States Navy, praying
to be restored to the active list of the Navy.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
Ellis Lewis Brown, to have his name placed
on the pension-roll.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 16, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
1ious15 bill referred.
The bill (H. R. -No. 1343) to provide for the
erection of a public building at Quincy, Illi-
nois, for the accommodation of a post office,
custom-house, and other public offices, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I move
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better not put
that motion while the Senate is so thin. We
had better wait until a quorum is present, at
all events. Perhaps we can go on with the
appropriation bill to morrow. Then there is
the postal codc bill that the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
desires to have considered, and that might be
considered to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should be very glad to
go on with the postal code bill to-day, as it is
the special order for to-day. If we cannot
dispose of it to-day, I should be very glad to
go on with it to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Although that
bill is the special order for to-day, it will prob-
ably be superseded to-day by the unfinished
business, unless the latter be postponed, when
it shall be reached, at one o'clock. The Sena-
tor from Michigan moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and there were—ayes 20, noes 9; no
quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUJSfDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays. We want to get on with the appropri-
ation bill some day or other.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Would it not be better
to postpone this vote until the Senate is fuller?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last vote
discloses the absence of a quoram, and until
the presence of a quorum is ascertained by
count or vote business must be arrested.
Mr. ANTHONY. I dare say the Vice Presi-
dent will find a quorum here now, if he counts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can-
not be withdrawn, the yeas and nays having
been ordered; and the absence of a quorum
arrests other business.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Spraguo. Stock-
ton. Sumner. Vickers, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Conkling, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Conn ccticut, Gilbert, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson,
Ramsey, Schura,Sherman,Wilson,and Yvindora—1G.
A-BSENi'—Messrs. Alcorn, Broirnlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton. Cooper. Corbett,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, namlin. Harlan, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Lewis,
l?omeroy, Pool. Rice, Robertson. Stevenson, Stew-
art, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and West—30.
So the motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a peti-
tion of Ambrose Brown and others, late sol-
diers of the United States Army, praying for
the passage of a bill equalizing the bounties
of Union soldiers in the late war, and also for
an act granting bounty lands to the extent of
one hundred and sixty acres to each honor-
ably discharged soldier and sailor in the late
war for the suppression of the rebellion ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of C. P. Arnold, publisher of the South
Norwalk Independent, at Fairfield, Connec-
ticut, praying for the jpassage of an act that
persons known as dealers in newspapers and
periodicals may receive by mail such quantities
as they may require, in bulk, whether wholly or
in part printed!, and pay the postage thereon
as received at the same rates pro rata as regu-
lar subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces, who pay quarterly in advance ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON. I presenta memorial signed
by General George L. Andrews, professor of
French, Peter S. Michie, J. B. Wheeler, and
Jonathan Forsyth, professors at the West Point
Military Academy, praying for an increase of
their compensation. I move its reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a memorial of
officers of the Navy of the United States, and
others, asking that provision be made for the
funeral expenses of officers who die in the
service in accordance with the forms of the
faith in which they died; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented 'the
petition of the Board of Trade of the tity
of Newark, New Jersey, praying for the repeal
of the duty on imported lumber; which -teas
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I also .present
the petition of the Board of Trade of the city
of Newark, New Jersey, asking that the in-
come tax be repealed, because unequal, unjust,
inquisitorial, oppressive, to laboK, aad because
it is no longer necessary, aad I commend it
to the Committee on Finance, to which l mgvg
the reference of the petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LO GAN prfesented a petition of citizens
of Tennessee, praying the adoption of meas-
ures for the protection of boatmen on the west-
ern waters; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
_ He also presented a petition of letter-car-
riers in Chicago, Illinois, indorsed by senators-
and representatives of the Legislature of Illi-
nois, praying an increase of salary; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the coal mines of Will county, Illinois, remon-
strating against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Braid-Wood, Illinois, praying a repeal of the
duties upon tea, coffee, and other articles of
necessity, and such an adjustment of the tariff
duties as will protect home industry; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
Stone founderies, citizens of Quincy, Adams
county, Illinois, remonstrating against achange
of the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upou sach articles as are successfully
produced in this country.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in iron, citizens of Galesburg, Knox county,
Illinois, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance. •
He also presented a memorial of workers in
theNorthwestern Manufacturing Company, cit-
izens of Chicago,Illinois, remonstrating against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating the
duties on such articles as are successfully pro-
duced in this country; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Union rolling-mill, citizens of Chicago,
Illinois, remonstrating against achange of thy
existing tariff laws abating the duties on such
articles as are successfully produced ia this
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Chicago remonstrating against a change -of
the existing tariff laws abating the duties on
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Harry B.
Cloud, of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying the enactment of a law removing the
chargc of desertion from the records, and that
he be honorably discharged; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
C. Hardy, of Johnson county, Illinois, pray-
ing the enactment of a law removing the charge
of desertion from his record as a soldier; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a petition ef tobacco man-
ufacturers of St. Louis, Missouri, praying the
passage of an act requiring a revenue stamp
to be affixed to each plug of tobacco; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
