114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2*i
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Skss.
man. The House of Representatives can cor-
rect that, perhaps, with the aid of the Senate.
If men in office have been violating the law and
have become corrupt, tlxey can be arraigned
before the Senate of the United States, and
they can be removed, without the intervention
of the Executive. The point is not as to the
remedy if these men are rotten; but I under-
stand this part of the discussion to turn on the
system which has been pronounced here to be
rotten from beginning to end.
Mr. SCHUH2. I desire to tell the Senator
from Iowa that the discussion did not turn
upon the system, but turned upon the appoint-
ments of those identical men who had made
the system a system of robbery.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to ask the Senator,
then, if he thinks it within the province of the
Senate of the United States to examine into
the official character of the civil officers of this
Government; if we are not overstepping the
province of the Senate when we undertake to
examine into the official character of civil offi-
cers? The Constitution of the United States
makes the Senate the tribunal for their trial,
and very clearly points it out to be the duty
of the members of the House of Representa-
tives, the Representatives of the people them-
selves, to arraign civilians who do not do their
duty. If he wishes to arraign a civilian aud
put him on trial, is he not overstepping his
duty as a Senator?
Mr. SCHURZ. Is the Senator from Iowa
entirely unacquainted with the fact that last
year a committee of investigation went to New"
York, investigated this case, and reported all
these facts ? Is he entirely unacquainted with
the fact that but a few weeks ago another com-
mittee of this body sat there and investigated
this case and the conduct of these very iden-
tical gentlemen? And now he will come here
and tell us that, after all these investigations
have been had, it is entirely improper for us
to discuss the results of these investigations !
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator desires an
answer, I am aware of the fact that the honora-
ble Senator himself was a member of the com-
mittee that was supposed to have investigated
these wrongs of which he complains, and I
have not yet seen the bill brought in by him
j'or the correction of the evil. The committee
report a state of facts and propose no remedy.
It is the remedy I call for. I wish to know
Jjow he proposes to correct these evils. He
says they exist, he seems to think them inhe-
rent in the general-order business. Now. what
is the means he proposes tor their correction?
is it merely the removal of an incumbent? Is
the system good enough in itself? Has he
any remedy to propose?
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I think we
all feel for the embarrassment under which the
Senator labors. Here is a great abuse ex-
posed ; here are persons in question who were
put there by the executive department of this
Government, persons of whom we know that
they have had their hands elbow deep in the
pockets of the merchants of New York, and
in order- to divert our attention from that
point  
Mr. HARLAN. I will not allow the Sen-
ator to esclpe the point I present. Has he
proposed a remedy?
Mr. SCHURZ.. There is a bill before the
Senate now which probably will furnish a very
good remedy.
Mr. HARLAN. Was it brought in by the
Senator ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Is it, necessary it should be
brought in by me? [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps not, because the
Senator has not been able thus far, although a
member of that committee, to propose a rem-
edy. He is happy in denunciation ; butitisthe
remedy which he proposes that I desire to hear.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does not the Senator know
that the committee did propose a remedy last
year in their report ?
Mr. HARLAN. What was it?
Mr. SCHURZ. Read the report; you can
find it there. I do not want to be led here
into a discussion of the regulations^ of the
custom-house of New York; but_ I insist that,
as has been shown time and again, there is a
great abuse, a system of robbery conducted in
the most scandalous manner by gentlemen
who have been there a year after their scan-
dalous practicesbave been exposed in the open
light of day; and the question is this: wheth-
er the executive department of the Govern-
ment had a right to interfere with it, and is
therefore in any way responsible for it or not?
That is the question.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is evading
the whole question. There is no question as
to the right of the President of the United
States to propose a new incumbent. He can
do that any day, and with the concurrence of
the Senate substitute one man for another.
If it is merely the character of the incumbent
with which the Senator finds fault, the remedy
is easy; but I have understood him all along
to denounce the general-order seystem as
something within the range of correction by
parliamentary bodies, by the Legislature of
the United States, by the concurrent action
of the Senate and House of Representatives.
Now I want him to propose his remedy. I
want to know what it is.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, sir, lot me ask the
Senator from Iowa, if I were entirely ignorant
of all these things, if I had no remedy to pro-
pose, if I had never thought of it, would that
be a justification to the executive department
of this Government for permitting scandalous
abuses to go on in the custom-house at New
York?
Mr. IIARLAN. Oh no, Mr. President, nor
do I believe that he ever has. This is a ques-
tion of fact about which there may be ditfer-
ence of opinion. The Senator says they are
robbers. I do not believe they are robbers.
We have no evidence before the Senate that
they are robbers. Surely if the House of Rep-
resentatives had that evidence before them, if
the Executive failed to perform his duty, the
names of those men would be presented here
as criminals at your bar, and we should be
called on in our judicial capacity to try the
very question that the Senator raises.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Iowa
does not seem to understand that these officials
are by no means officers of the United States
Government whose nominations have to pass
through this body. Not one of them. They
are simply designated as the keepers of ware-
houses.
Mr. HARLAN. But they are being kept
in by men who are officers' of the United States.
Mr. SCHURZ. Precisely.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator cannot evade
the question in that way.
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah, sir; and that is the
question which by no means I want to evade.
That is justthe point I have been always insist-
ing upon.
Mr. HARLAN. If an officer of this Gov-
ernment purposely keeps in subordinates who
are corrupt, known to be corrupt, can he him-
self be an honest man?
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah! I do not know whether
the Senator from Iowa is aware of what he is
saying. He is knocking the whole argument
of the Senatorfrom New Jersey into pi. There
is nothing left of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Doubtless the honorable
Senator from Missouri is very happy.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from New
Jersey argued yesterday that those high in
power were not to be held responsible for the
remaining of bad persons in such places, while
the Senator from Iowa tells me (and I am
indeed ready to take him at his word) that
they are responsible.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator shall not—
probably he will be courteous—misrepresent
me.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly not.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not say that the chief
custom-house officer at New York is an officer
of the.United States and these appointees are
subordinates of his. If I understood the hon-
orable Seuator from New Jersey, he did not
raise the question of the power of the collector
of New York over his subordinates, but he
raised the question of the power of the Presi-
dent of the United States over tlsis subject
under the existing law. It is a question
whether Congress has not put this power ex-
clusively in the bauds of the collector; but
he has not suggested the question that the
collector is not responsible under the law for
the conduct of his appointees.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to inter-
fere in this debate at all, but I see that boih
Senators appear to be somewhat at a loss
about the law. I think, perhaps, I might as
well now correct them and state the precise
facts. There is no doubt about the power of
the Secretary of the Treasury over the general
warehouse system at the ports of entry under
an old act, which I will now read:
"All stores hereafter rented by the collector,
naval officers, or surveyor, shall be on public ac-
count, and paid for the collector as such, and shall
be appropriated exclusively to the use of receiv-
ing foreign merchandise, subject, as to the rates of
storage, to regulation by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury."
There is no doubt that this law covers the
general power over the warehouse system ;
but the system of general-order warehouses
has grown up under the changes in our com-
mercial marine, caused by the arrival of steam-
ers that must within forty-eight hours unload,
and those goods are under the custody of the
collector of the port, and he is responsible
for their custody.
Now let me go a little further: when the
abuses were disclosed by the investigating
committee a year ago, the complaints of many
merchants came to the proper committee of
this body, and many persons directed their at-
tention to the correction of what weic callcd
the abuses of the general-order system ; that
is, improper charges made for the custody of
goods that came in without any general direc-
tion as to the place where they were to be
stored. Various projects were proposed at dif-
ferent times, and finally they were embodied
in a bill introduced by the Senator from New
York, not now in his seat, [Mr. Fkxtox,] at
the beginning of the last session of Congress,
on the 13th of March, 1871. This bill, made
up mainly by the efforts of persons in business
iu New York, was introduced into this body
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
It was there examined in November and
December last. It was early reported back
here with amendments, and while all this long
debate has been going on, and while two com-
mittees of investigation have been, one organ-
ized and another proposed, up to this hour we
have never had an opportunity to test the
sense of the Senate upon the merits of the
bill. Now, the remedy proposed is contained
in this section of the bill:
Sec. 13. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall,
from time to time, make such regulations ao he may
deem necessary tor the conduct and management
ol the bonded warehouses, general order stoies, and
other depositories ol the imported mcrchandibe
tlnoughout the United States; all regulations or
orders issued by collectors of customs in regard
thereto shall be subject to revision, alteration, or
revocation by him; and no warehouse shall bo
bonded and no general-order store established with-
out his authority and approval.
In other words, it transfers the whole power
over all these warehouses to the Secretary of
the Treasury, the collector of the port of New
