1062
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
He also presented three-petitions of citizens
of Chicago, Illinois, praying the enactment of
a law remitting the duties and taxes on mate-
rials entering into the construction of build-
ings in the district devasted by fire in October,
1871; which were referred to the Committee
On Finance.
Mr. LOGAN. I also present the petition
of quite a number of very heavy lumber mer-
chants and lumber manufacturers in Chicago
and other places; asking the passage of the
relief bill, which I will read:
The undersigned, lumber manufacturers of Chi-
cago, favor the relief bill. Urge it.
S. LUDINGTON. WELLS,
& VANSCIIAYCK.
KTNLY, CARPKOTER & COMPANY.
FORD RIVER LUMBER COMPANY.
WHITE, SWAN & COMPANY.
PHILLIPS & BROWN.
C. HEARS & COMPANY.
F. B, GARDN KR & COMPANY.
BOSUNELL, WALWORTH & RE ID.
If. WITBECfc & COMPANY. '
B1G.EL0W BROTHERS.
B. L. ANDERSON & COMPANY.
The PBSHTIQO COMPANY.
WILLIAM B. OGDEN.
Mr Ogdcn owned the mills at Peshtigo at
the time of the fire. I will state to the Senate
that these are as large lumber dealers us there
are in the Northwest. They all ask for the
passage of the bill for the relief of Chicago. I
also present resolutions of the Legislature of
Illinois, asking the same thing. I move their
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of Cades
Taylor, publisher of tho Wenona Index, and
Other local newspapers of Marshall county,
Illinois, praying for an amendment of the
postal laws so that persons known as regular
dealers in newspapers and periodicals may
receive by mail such quantities of either as
they may require; in bulk, whether wholly or
in part printed, and pay postago theroon, as
received, at tho same pro rata as regular sub-
scribers to publications weighing four ounces,
who pay quarterly in advance ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the potition of E. Free-
man, publisher of llio Kinmundy Independent,
of Marion county, Illinois, praying an amend-
ment to the one hundred and sixty-second
section of the bill for the revision and consolid-
ation of the statutes of the Post Office Depart-
ment; which was referred to tho Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Smith
& Mills, publishers of tho Argus, of Logan
county, Illinois, praying an amendment to the
postal laws authorizing dealers in newspapers
arid periodicals to receive by mail packages
weighing tour ounces on the same terms as
regular subseribors; which was rofcrrod to the
Committee on Post Offlcos and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of H. H.
Moore, publisher oi the Douglas County Dcm-
oerat, of Douglas county, Illinois, praying for
a modification of the postal laws relative to
the transmission of newspapers; which was
referred to tho Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented tho petition of Henry
Hitchcock, publisher of the Monnt Vernon
Statesman, of Jefferson county, Illinois, pray-
ing for a modification of the postal laws relative
to the transmission of newspapers; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post lioads.
He also presented the petition of A. Wright
& J. W. Wright, publishers, of Johnson county,
Illinois, praying for a modification of the postal
laws relative to the transmission of news-
papers; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Koads.
He also presented the petition of C. W. Tay-
lor, publisher of the Prairie City Herald, of
Prairie City, county of McDonough, State
of Illinois, praying an amendment to section
one hundred and sixty-two of the bill for the
revision and consolidation of the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of R. W.
Coon, publisher of the Belvidere Northwest-
ern, of Boone county, Illinois, praying an
amendment to the postal laws to reduce and
equalize the postage on newspapers and peri-
odicals, printed in whole or in part, to regu-
lar publishers and dealers in newspapers and
periodicals; which was.referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of A. G.
Meacharn, publisher of the Brighton Ad-
vance, of Macoupin county, Illinois, and of
the Locomotive, of Greene county, Illinois,
praying that section one hundred and sixty-
two of the codified postal laws now before
Congress be so amended as to make news-
papers printed 011 one side legal mailable mat-
ter at the minimum rate; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
lioads.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the petition
of James T. Chambers, John Bradford, Wil-
liam .1. Scott, and other citizens of Wilming-
ton, Delaware, asking for an amendment of
the Constitution to provide that no candidate
shall hereafter be eligible to any Federal office
who is addicted to the use of intoxicating
liquors as a beverage ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of James T.
Chambers, John Bradford, William J. Scott,
and other citizens of Wilmington, Delaware,
asking for a prohibition of the manufacture,
importation, audsalc of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 present, by request, the
memorial of Thomas U. Walter, of Philadel-
phia, late architect of the extension of the
Uuited States Capitol, in which he asks for
compensation for designs furnished and ser-
vices rendered in the construction of various
public buildings, and that, a bill for his relief
may be passed, giving jurisdiction to the Court
of Claims. ^ I present tho petition with the
accompanying bill, and ask that it be referred
to tho Committee on Claims.
The VICM PRESIDENT. The petition
will be so referred. The bill will bo reserved
till the introduction of bills shall be in order.
Mr. OSBOKN presented the petition of
W. H. Gleason, of the State of Florida, ask-
ing the repeal of an act entitled "An act to
encourage tho introduction and promote the
cultivation of tropical plants in the United
States," approved July 7, 1838, and an act
amendatory thereto ; which was referred to
the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Richard Cornelius, William H. Ashmore,
Albert J. Bayless, and other citizens of Balti-
more, asking for an amendment of the Con-
stitution to provide that no candidate shall
hereafter be eligible to any Federal office who
is addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors
& beverage"; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
lie also presented the petition of Richard
Cornelius, William H. Ashmore, Albert J.
Bayless, and other citizens of Baltimore, Mary-
land, asking the prohibition of the manufac-
ture, importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present two several
petitions entitled "From the people of the
State of South Carolina," setting forth the
insults and injuries to which they are exposed
on account of race and color, and asking the
adoption of the supplementary civil rights bill.
I move that they he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Vi-
cente St. Vrain, praying authority to institute
■suit in the United States courts, to be held in
New Mexico, for the adjudication of his claim
to the Las Animas grant; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying indem-
nity for spoliations committed by the French
between the years 1793 and 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States, praying for the passage
of an act granting a bounty of $8 33 J- a month
to all honorably discharged soldiers and sailors
for the entire time served, and for an amend-
ment to the twenty-fifth section of the act ap-
proved July 15, 1870, so as to permit soldiers
or sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
I'DBLIC BUILDING AT TRENTON.
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to take up Senate
bill No. 442 and put it on its final passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The .Senator
from New Jersey asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill named by him.
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN. Let it be taken
Hp, and then my colleague will give way for
petitions, if there are more to be presented.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senate will hear
a statement of the object I have in view, I am
sure no one will object. This is a bill which
has passed Congress before, only slightly
altered. It has passed the Senate twice unan-
imously. It is a bill to erect a public building
at Trenton. It is reported by me from the
Committee on Public Buildings aud Grounds.
If the Senate will take it up now, I am sure
there will be no objection to its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey asks unanimous consent to
call up the bill for the erection of a public
building at Trenton, New Jersey. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and it is
before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 442)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide for a building suitable to the use of
the post office, the pension and revenue offi-
cers, and the judicial officers of the United
States, in the city of Trenton, New Jersey,"
approved March 3, 1871.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Ground sreported the bill with an amendment,
to strike out the preamble and all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the entire cost of the building heretofore
authorized, to be constructed at Trenton, New Jer-
sey, including the site thereof, bo, and the samo is
hereby, limited to the sum of $250,000; and $150,000 in
addition to the amount heretofore appropriated is
hereby appropriated for the purpose aforesaid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: and the said building, instead of being con-
structed strictly lire-proof, shall have a fire-proof
vault extending to each story; and all money here-
tofore and hereby appropriated shall be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who shall causo proper plans and estimates to
be made, so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of said building
beyond the amount heretofore and hereby appropri-
ated: Provided, That no money heretofore or hereby
appropriated shall be used or applied for the pur-
pose until a valid title to the land forthesite of such
building shall bo vested in the-United States, and
until the State shall also duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax or in any way
assess said site, or the property of the United "States
that may be thereon, during the time that the United
fetates shall be or remain the owner thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
