2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
the moneyed considerations ivhich prompt the
position assumed, and not unfrequently from
a desire to appear to know more on the ques-
tion than any one else. Then we have our
lobbies filled with emissaries from the_ parties
interested. Members are supplied with any
quantity of information — statistical, argu-
mentative, and oratorical—some of which is
interesting, but little new. Every mail brings
us tracts, pamphlets, proceedings of Cham-
bers of Commerce, trad.e societies, agricul-
tural colleges, universities, and a thousand
other methods of teaching us our duties.
And, last of all, we have members of Con-
gress who are sometimes not only the repre-
sentatives of particular interests, either im-
porting, producing, or manufacturing, but who
have a direct personal interest in some espe-
cial industry or article comprehending directly
or affected indirectly in some one or more of
the many articles comprised in the fifteen
hundred items of a tariff bill. This one is a
director or large owner of railroads, and docs
not want high railroad iron ; another is inter-
ested in iron steamships, and does not wish
high duties on the particular kind of iron con-
sumed in their construction; another repre-
sents woolen or cutlery, and is opposed to
high duties thereon forobviousreasons; another
coming from the iron and coal regions has his
patriotism highly excited at the mention of
admitting the foreign article in competition
with the American, and so with cotton and
weolen manufacturers and the many other
home industries, all of whom want their par-
ticular case attended to and taken care of by
Congress, whatever may happen to others or
to the country in consequence. Certainly the
disinterested, however intelligent member,
finds himself confused by all this. It is
difficult for him to determine the right be-
tween these contending and conflicting influ-
ences. He is at a loss to know what to do.
But then lie is told that free trade is a Dem-
ocratic doctrine, and protection is Republican.
His party fealty is appealed to, and certain
vague threats are delicately hinted that if he
does not dot every "i" and cross every
of the political alphabet he may not—to use
a congressional phrase—"come back again."
This argument is conclusive ; he had been
in doubt heretofore. The vast quantity of
stuff he had read ; the ten thousand appeals
to hiq, sense of justice and national pride to
which he had listened, had confused his rea-
son and confounded his judgment, but when
at last the solid, intelligent argument had
been addressed to him which affected the dura-
tion of his congressional term he "cjved"
at once and surrendered at discretion. *The
matter is thus settled, and he votes as his
party votes, without reference to the merit of
the bill, or indeed as to knowing or caring
what the proposition may be.
Now, the man who can avoid all this; intel-
ligently and honestly conduct, his course so as
to discriminate between right and wiong, and
maintain this discrimination independently of
all influences—personal and impersonal—de-
serves respect, to say the least, instead of
being censured as a demagogue if he votes for
the interests of the people at large, who have
no such agencies at work to lead him, he should
be honored as an independent Representative
who discharges his duty according to the best
of his understanding, freed from the ten
thousand selfish considerations which con-
tinually surround him. All this is directly
pertinent to a recent occurrence in the House
of Representatives. The House, by two de-
cisive votes, resolved to place tea and coffee
upon the free-list, that is to place these arti-
cles among those which are now admitted
"duty free.'' The proposition to do this
came from a "particular'' source; that is,
from a member who is well known to be in the
interest of protection. The fact that it ema-
nated from such a quarter excited the suspicious
in some quarters that mischief was intended,
and this objection was stated as a reason why
Democratic members should not vote for the
proposition. There are men whom such rea-
sons may influence, and indeed there is no
doubt good reason for suspecting the object
of such a proposition coming from such a
source, but it is far from "being conclusive.
"The devil may quote Scripture, but it is
Scripture nevertheless."
The real merits of a question do not de-
pend upon the source from which it emanates.
If it can be shown that it is right, wise, and
politic to take the duty off tea and coffee, the
fact is not changed because a protectionist
advocates it. But the proposition is assailed
on other grounds. The duty derived from these
articles is about nineteen million dollars, and
in reducing the tariff it is said that we can-
not spare that sum without keeping up the duty
011 other articles, such as iron, woolens, cut-
lery, carpets, threads, and many other things
of general consumption; that to take off
$19,000,000 on tea and coffee is to compel the
retention of this duty as it is on these articles ;
that they also enter into the necessities of the
poorer classes, and should be considered as
well. I propose to reply to these positions
thus: to take off the $19,000,000 collected
from tea and coffee does not necessarily imply
thatother reduct.ionsmay notbe made, as to the
principal of the public debt, it is unjust to the
present generation that it should defray an-
other dollar of it. Posterity should bear the
balance of this burden. I am opposed to the
payment of any more of it at this time, when
it is to be procured only by the imposition of
an unjust exaction upon the industry of the
country.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from New York has expired.
Mr. DAWES. I have taken up consid-
erable of the time of my friend from New
York, and I hope he will be permitted to con-
clude his speech.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
lake the floor, and yield to the gentleman
from New York so he may conclude his
speech.
Mr. WOOD. 1 am obliged to the gentleman
for his courtesy.
Mr. Chairman, I believe this generation has
contributed its fair share of treasure and
blood, which has accomplished the unity of
the Confederacy. We have in the short pe-
riod intervening since the war paid a large
proportion of the public debt. The Adminis-
tration does not deserve the credit for that.
It came from the pockets of the people, not
from the saviugs of the Government. Indeed,
it has been wrung from them by an unjust,
severe system, through force and violence,
against their remonstrance and in spite of
their protests.
if the whole of the duty, therefore, now
received from tea and coffee should be abol-
ished by placing these articles upon the free-
list, it would yet leave about forty-three mil-
lion dollars surplus over and above the Treas-
ury requirements. The principal articles be-
sides tea and coffee which enter into general
popular consumption are the following, to
which I have appended the amount of duties
received for the last fiscal year:
Amount_ of duty received on the following enumerated
article? for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871.
Salt        $1,176,857 77
Coal and culm of coal  543,257 88
Iron—manufactures of iron  13,766,121 32
Raw wool of all kinds  4.515,103 72
Flannels  ;  5,074 65
Blankets  17.292 93
Hats, of wool  81.007 57
Hosiery    300,105 54
luannel shirts, drawers, and other knit
goods......... ...   12 559 27
Keady-madc doming—articles of wear, 1,208,568 22
Hides and skins  1,313,1/8 11
Steel, and manufactures of steel  4,892,562 63
Leather, and manufactures of leather... 3,839,679 50
Potatoes  107.985 50
Total 831,818,444 64
This is the aggregate of receipts from these,
articles, and with a reduction of duty on some
articles and adding others to the free list it is
quite cerlain that under any decrease of im-
portations, which is not anticipated, this would
Still remain m«re than the required sum. It
will be seen, therefore, that according to this
estimate the duty can be taken altogether ofif
of tea and coffee, salt, coal, woolens, and other
articles consistent with the public revenue
requirements. And there is the best of reasons
for believing that a reduction of that on sugar
and iron could be made without lessening the
revenue therefrom. To reduce this duty would
have the effect of increasing the importations,
and this increase would probably make up for
the loss by the reduction of duty. This has
been the case in many articles, and as a gen-
eral principle it is an established fact that the
reduction of duties in the tariff of 1870, which
went into operation on the 1st of January,
1871, increased the total amount received from
that source, instead of decreasing it. This is
shown in the increased importation of tea and
coffee, sugar, pig iron, and metals in the first
six months of 1871 over the first six months
of 1870. The Secretary ot the Treasury states
that the increase in tea was fifty-five percent.;
iu coffee, twenty per cent. ; brown sugar, one
hundred and twenty per cent. ; in pig iron,
one hundred and eighty-six per cent. ; and iu
metals one hundred and thirty-nine per cent.
On each of these article there was a reduction
of duty. The reductions were : in tea, from
twenty-five cents to fifteen cents per pound;
coffee, from five cents to three cents per pound ;
brown sugar, three cents pei pound ; pig iron,
from nine to seven dollars per ton.
The receipts for 1871 were $11,732,028 61
more than in 1870, although the rate of duty
fixed in the present tariff, under which the col-
lection was made, was lower on many leading
articles than in the tariff under which the col-
lection of 1870 was made. From this fact it
is lair to infer that a like effect could be pro-
duced by a farther reduction, if judiciously
made, on the articles to which 1 refer in this
connection. But suppose this position is not
tenable, and that the naked question arises as
to which articles of general consumption shall
be exempt from duty—iron and woolens, or
coffee and tea. I group these together because
the argument is thus printed by the free-trade
opponents of free tea and coffee. They say that
we do not see that if the $19,000,000 is taken
off of tea and coffee that iron and wool must
continue to be protected and made high by the
present, duty, and that these articles are used
by the great body of the people, who should be
freed from the burden imposed; that iron
enters into the construction of houses, tools of
ail kinds, farming utensils, &c. ; and that
woolens comprise nearly every article of cover-
ing for men, women, and children, all of whom
are interested in the price they payfor this. I
admit the full force of this argument so far as
it complains of the present severe exactions
growing out of the existing tariff on these goods.
1 am ready to vote for a material reduction
of duty on them, and will go further, and vole
to take it off altogether, if we can get revenue
enough by so doing. But wheu it is asserted
that the cost of iron and woolens is as import-
ant to the producing classes as that of tea and
coffee, I take issue. It is not the fact. There
is little analogy in the cases. The poor man
spends ten dollars for tea and coffee where
he spends one for iron and woolen. To illus-
trate this, take for instance the workingman or
laborer. Suppose him to be a man of family-
He requires woolen clothing and blankets,
:j and, it may be, working tools, on all of
jj which this Government tax is an element of
;! the cost to him. But the aggregate amount
| of these to him is very much less than tea and
I coffee. A pair of blankets costing five dol-
j lars will last five years. The ordinary con'
sumption of woolen clothing will not exceed
,l $100 per year for an ordinary workingman s
