1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2855
.family, and the iron, steel, and cutlery used
'by him would be of trifling expense.
It is true he 13 the consumer of all these
articles, but the whole tax upon them, directly
or indirectly, by duties levied upon like for-
eign articles, whether in the raw state of man-
ufacture or not, is so little as to be imper-
ceptible. Not so with the tax on his tea and
coffee. These are articles of daily and hourly
consumption. They are used not only by him,
but by every member of his family. They are
the common beverages of the poor man's
household, and daily becoming more so. In-
stead of the habitual use of strong drink to
invigorate his power of labor, as was the cus-
tom a few years ago, he now find3 an equally
stimulating substitute, and not intoxicating,
in his cup of tea or coffee. And this fact
brings me to a yet stronger reason, which is
that the poor man's family is a larger con-
sumer of these articles than that of the rich
man. The latter can procure his wines and
fine liquors, of an expensive character, and in
these finds his principal beverage.
Thus, the largest proportion of the consump-
tion of tea and coffee in this country is with
the middling and poorer classes, who are thus
made to contribute by far the greater portion
of the revenue collected by the Government in
the duty imposed upon them. Certainly there
can be no justice in this. Instead of discrim-
inating in favor of labor we are discriminating
against it; instead of collecting the taxes from
those who are most able to bear them, wc are
taking them from those who are the least able.
For every pound of coffee used, about one fifth
of its cost is paid to the Government, and for
every pound of tea about one fourth is paid.
For the latter article no substitute has been
found ; thus the consumer must use the foreign
article or none. Not so with reference to wool-
ens and other household necessities. These
can l.e substituted by a variety of methods
which relieve 1 he poorer classes from the duties
levied upon the foreign article. Whole fami-
lies i.i the western States grow their own wool,
from which they weave the cloth to make
their own clothes.
The votes recently given in this House in favor
of free tea and coffee have excited much com-
ment. Some leading Democratic newspapers
have been exceedingly indignant that the Dem-
ocratic members of this House should have
almost unanimously voted -for the proposition.
We were denounced as demagogues or fools,
who either did not understand the question or
were afraid of a popular prejudice among the
people. For myself, without accepting the
control of others over my official acts, I am
willing to take the responsibility of my vote
upon that occasion. Although I did not deem
it a party question, nor act upon it from par-
tisan motives, I am, nevertheless, willing to
accept and sustain it on that ground. The
Democratic party, from the beginning of the
Government until now, when in power in Con-
gress never passed a tariff bill that imposed a
duty upon tea and coffee. Andrew Jackson is
considered as tolerably good Democratic au-
thority. We recognize him as the father of
our present organization. From 1832 to 1831
the Democratic party, with the exception of
short intervals, held control of Congress and
the Government. During this period there
were seven tariff bills passed, as follows : July
13 and 14, 1832 ; July 4, 1836 ; January, 11,
1811; June 30, 1842; August 30, 1842; July
30, 1846; March 2, 1861. In all of these tea
and coffee came in altogether free, except a
nominal duty in the acts of 1832 and 1836.
Thus for twenty-five years the Democratic
parly supported the Government altogether
from revenue collected from imported goods,
without any internal revenue, without duty upon
tea and coffee, and without any debt. The
Republican party came into power March 4,
1861, and then, for the first time in a quarter
of a century, four and five cents per pound
was laid on coffee, and from fifteen to twenry-
five cents per pound on tea; and thus it has
continued ever since, with the exception of a
light reduction made in the acts of 1870.
Therefore, if Democrats who sustain the ex-
emption of these articles now are demagogues
or fools, we are following in the footsteps of
illustrious predecessors. During the period
to which I have referred the legislation in
Congress was in the hands of some of the
ablest statesmen this country has produced,
and if, in following their example, we are dem-
agogues and fools in the estimation of those
who now assume to sit in judgment upon our
acts, we can only say that we would rather
submit to abuse from our present revilersthan
to depart from and forget the teachings of our
illustrious predecessors.
Another ground of opposition is the appre-
hension that the loss of $ 19,000,000 will com-
pel the continuance of the income tax. I do
not believe this to be well founded ; but even
if it is, if the question is presented to my
mind which of the two we shall part with 1
am for tea and coffee as agaiust the income
tax. As a Representative I believe it to be
my duty to act in all things for the greatest good
of the greatest number, and I believe that fifty
people contribute to the tax imposed in the duty
on tea and coffee to one imposed on the income
tax. If they cannot both fall together, let us
abate the greater of the two evils. I am in favor
of the entire abolition of the internal revenue
system, and of relying altogether upon imports
and revenues from imports. But if this is
impossible, in view of the public requirements,
I would discriminate as to both systems. I
have heretofore been persistent in my demand
for the repeal of the income tax, looking upon
it as unconstitutional in theory, inquisitorial
in practice, and unjust in collection, but yet
would vote against its repeal if an even greater
evil should be continued in consequence.
Another reason given iu this case against
the vote for repeal is the fact that the propo-
sition emanated from a Pennsylvania Repub-
lican who is well known as being in favor of
protection, and that his object is to have an
excuse for the retention of the high duties
on iron, coal, &c. Doubtless such were his
motives, but it does not follow that such will
be the result. I am sure it need not be of
necessity, because a large reduction can be
made in those articles without reducing the
revenue of the Government below its wants.
We must deal with propositions in Congress
upon their merits, and not upon the presump-
tion that they are good or bad according to
the source from which they emanate. When
I moved the repeal of the duty on coal last
winter two thirds of the Republicans voted for
it. They did not vote "nay" because a Dem-
ocrat proposed it. In this they evinced good
sense. The same argument applies to this
case. Because a protectionist favors this re-
peal from, as it is alleged, bad motives, it
does not follow that we shall reject it. I do
not accept such reasoning as worthy a mo-
ment's consideration.
I do not propose at this time to refer es-
pecially to the items composing the bill before
the committee. When it comes up for con-
sideration upon these especially I shall have
something to say. In many respects the bill
itself in these regards is crude and imperfect.
It appears to have satisfied no member of the
committee which reported it. I cannot iearn
that there is one member of the commi'tee
who is satisfied with it. Even the chairman
has taken care in advance to disown it, and
while all of the members had a hand in it not
one acknowledges its paternity. It is there-
fore a child of many fathers and still without
one. Under the circumstances, the proba-
bility is that it will be short lived. A produc-
tion ushered into the world m ttus manner, so
contrary to nature, if not still born must con-
tain so much inherent disease that its exist-
ence must necessarily be brief and its demise
inglorious. Notwithstanding, however, Ipro-
pose to treat it fairly, and to give it all the con-
sideration to which a revenue measure is always
entitled at the hands of those who are to pass
upon it.
Mr. BURCHARD rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Burchard] has the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state why I make this motion. I desire to go
to business 011 the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let ub go on
with the tariff debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
insist on my motion.
_ MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATB.
The committee informally rose; and, the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox, one of its
clerks, was received, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 526)
for the relief of the legal representatives of
Ambrose Morrison, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the bill
(H. R. No. 1496) to carry out certain provis-
ions of the Cherokee treaty of 1866, and for
the relief of settlers on the Cherokee lands in
the State of Kansas.
TARIFF.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, the pres-
ent era is preeminent for its wonderful progress
in facilitatingcominercial intercourse. To se-
cure the easier inlerchange of dissimilar pro-
ducts gigantic enterprises have been planned
and consummated, and vast public improve-
ments undertaken and laboriously executed.
Lavish expenditures have been incurred to
lessen the difficulties and cost of transportation,
and thereby cheapen the price of commodities.
Natural impediments to traffic have been sur-
mounted or avoided. The paths of commerce
have been straightened and shortened. The
telegraph, railroad train, and steamship may
fitly personify the nineteenth century. They
were born with this generation, and exemplify
its mission and aspirations. Themselves but
agencies employed to that end, they mark the
world's progress toward a wider commerce
and unobstructed trade.
The beneficial effects of enlarged facilities
for exchanges between consumers and pro-
ducers are more marked in our own country
than any other on the globe. I cannot dwell
upon the magnificent results these agencies
have accomplished. It would be profitable to
trace the growth and development of the two
great federal nations of the world, the United
States and the North German Union. It
would be instructive to analyze the sources
of their prosperity and see the impetus free
interstate trade has given to their progress in
national greatness.
Our own nation is a miniature world. The
different States, like the nations of the earth,
have dissimilar productions. In one lies the
ore, in another the coal. Fertile prairies with-
out timber in one State supplement vast forests
in regions incapable of tillage. The cheap
power and easy transportation and nearness
to centers of distribution in New England
invite the products of the field, the mine, and
forest of other States. Her swift streams fur-
nish unrivaled manufacturing facilities. The
long sea-coast line of the Atlantic affords spa-
cious harbors, and builds up commercial cities
for the convenient receipt and distribution of
supplies and finished products. We span a
continent ; we stretch from the Arctic seas to
the climate of the tropics. The diversity of
