mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IBj
authorizing theconstruction of that roadil have the
honor to state that the amount shown by our rccards
from the nearest approximate estimate is about one
hundred and seventy-fire thousand acres.
Iiun, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILMS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. M. H. Cakpentkp., United States Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. These lands have
been bought at the advanced price, and the
Government has had tho benefit of about four
hundred and forty thousand dollars paid for
that portion of the land sold. Under these
circumstances, it seems to me, the liberality
which has been shown to all other States
would certainly oblige us to renew this grant.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if there is not an additional
grant in this case ? These lands, which have
been sold and paid for by settlers, lie priaci-
pally at what I will denominate the lower end
of the route; and if this grant is-.not extended
and this road not built, I ask if the remaining
lands will not be covered by the grant of the
Northern Pacific railroad, so that the land
will go away from the Government any way?
If you renew this grant it will insure the
building of another road.
Mr. CARPENTER. But this grant is sub-
ject also to a provision ior actual settlers,
which the Northern Pacific grant is not.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask another
question of my friend. Is it not true that in
the absence of renewing this grant, not only
this land, but an additional quantity of lands
will be swept away and go to the Northern
Pacific railroad ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand that to
be so.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, as I understand,
the bill before us is one proposing to devote a
certain quantity of land to insure the construc-
tion of a road ; and if we do not pass the bill,
if it fails, not only these same lands go from
the Government to another railway corpora-
tion, but in addition to this other lands go
whieh will be saved to the Government by the
passage of this bill. That is a very important
l'act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not care
a straw about the conflicting claims of these
railroad companies. If one railroad company
has had a grant for sixteen years and has not
availed itself of the benefit, if another com-
pany can be more prompt, I am perfectly will-
ing that they should avail themselves of their
promptness. But the idea that we shall grant
lands, as we have done in this case, sixteen
years in advance of the requirement, when
only twenty miles of road have been built in
that time, even with this immense bribe of
land, shows conclusively that there is no public
necessity for this road.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. This grant of 1856 was
made for the purpose of building a road from
Madison or Columbus by the way of Portage
City to La Crosse. As I understand, about
two thirds of that road has already been com-
pleted ; but the Legislature of our State, for
the purpose of securing the building of the
road, divided the grant into two parts. The
southern portion has been completed and a
part of the northern; it is only the northern
portion which remains incompleted and to
which this grant is to be renewed. That
renewal was made, but made in fact for only
three years because it was renewed two years
before the original grant had expired, and that
was in the midst of the war when we could do
nothing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The question
may as well come up now as ever whether we
are to make this munificent grant for the en-
couragement of railroads in a State—railroads
of mere minor importance. I only desire to
call attention to this, not that I have any more
hostility to this bill than I would to any other
of a similar character; and having called the
attention of the Senate to it, I have done my
duty. " , :
Mr. CARPENTER. "Minorimportanee,"
I suppose, means minor importance to the
Senator from Vermont. It is of first class
importance to the people of Wisconsin.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to say that I.must
vote for this extension in the interest of'the
settlers. The settlers have been induced to
go there and pay the General Government for
our lands $2 50 per acre,, and after we have
taken the advantage of the road that was to
be built for them, and caused them to pay
$2 50 an acre for our. lands, if we do not con-
firm this grant w© take. away from them the
very privilege they have purchased of us, the
right to settle upon the line of a railroad,
which we prevent from being construtited.
We cannot do that, and the rights of the set-
tlers demand that we now fulfill our contract
with the company.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say one thing,
and it is simply this: that the constituents
whom I represent are aa much interested in
this road as those represented by the Senator
from Wisconsin. It opens up one more.route
over which the products of the West that we
want in the East can reach us.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I had
not the privilege of being with the Com-
mittee on Public Lands when this bill was
discussed. I was absent elsewhere on bus-
iness of a committee of the Senate. I dis-
like very much to interpose an objection to the
passage of a bill which has been reported from
the Committee on Public Lauds, and which
is pressed by the Senators from the State.
At the same time I feel that there is a great
deal of force in what the Senator from Ver-
mont has said as to the length of time that
has elapsed since the kind grant was first made
to this road. That, perhaps, is answered—I
am inclined to think it is answered—-by the
suggestion of the Senator from Nebraska, that
as matters stand we owe it to the settlers who
have gone upon the land along the line of the
proposed road, to prevent the land grant from
lapsing. That would be as great a detriment
to them as it would be to the company. But
I ask the Senator from Wisconsin whether he
insists on adding to the sixteen years which
have already elapsed since the grant was first
made, five years more as called for by this bill;
whether he will not be satisfied with three
years as a further extension of time? That
will make nearly twenty years in all.
Mr. CARPENTER. The present railroad
company are proceeding as rapidly as possible
with_ this road, and will certainly complete it
within three years. I think they will complete
it within two years. That is their purpose.; but
accidents may happen, and we want time
enough to insure the building of that road. It
is a matter of great importance to our State,
and of great importance to those people who
have settled along the line of that road and
bought their lands at $2 50 an acre.
Mr. CASSERLY. The same Congress will
be here that there is now, not, perhaps, com-
posed of the same persons, but willing, I think,
to deal as liberally with the road on a fair
showing as the present Congress. I do not
wish to be exacting or even importunate
about this matter, but it seems to me an
extension of three years ought to be sufficient.
I desire to ask the Senator, further, what is
the effect of the proviso commencing on the
last line of the first page in respect of the
words to which I call his attention. These
are:
_ Provided, That the word "mineral," when used
m the acts hereinbefore referred to, shall not be held
to include coal or iron.
_ My inquiry is whether the effect of that pro-
viso is to grant coal and iron lands where they
were not before, granted, or the reverse ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I am not aware, with-
out examining, whether these words were in the
original grant or not, but in all modern grants
that provision has been contained to prevent
ambiguity about what is mineral land-
Mr. CASSERLY. Generally speaking, the
words when inserted are words of exclusion;
that is to say, the effect of them is to exclude
coal or iron lands from passing by the grant.
I deem it important to know, and I suppose
that will be the view of the Senate, what is
the effect of that proviso as it now stands. I
observe the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands in his seat. Perhaps he can
furnish us the information.
Mr. POMEROY. Having been oat of the
Senate, my attention has not been called to
the particular phrase. Will the Senator read it?
Mr. CASSERLY, I call the Senator's
attention to the proviso, beginning on the
last line of the first page, the language of
which is:
Provided, That the word "mineral," when used
in the aets hereinbefore referred to, shall not be
held to include eoal or iron.
My inquiry is whether the effect of that pro-
viso is to grant coal and iron lands where
they were not before granted, or the reverse?
Mr. POMEROY. This will grant them at
any rate. Coal lands have always been pre-
empted like other lands, but we have a stat-
ute now which puts them at a higher price.
Our preemptors have been in the habit of
preempting coal lands, and iron lands have
been classed with mineral lands. If this
passes, whatever may have been the language
of the previous grant, this will give them the
eoal and iron lands, if there are any.
Mr. CASSERLY. My impression is that
the practice of the Public Lands Committee
has been to exclude those lands from laud
grants to railroads ; that is to say, its practice
has been to exclude by express words coal
and iron lands from passing with the ordinary
land grants to railroads.
Mr. POMEROY. Formerly they were ex-
claded by the construction at the Department
that coal and iron were minerals, and they
were excluded under the phrase "mineral
lands ; " but latterly they have not been so ex-
cluded, and we have frequently put into bills
a provision that coal and iron lands shall not
be considered mineral lands, in order to settle
the question. I suppose the question is in
dispute here, and this bill wiil settle it and
give the lands to the company without any
mistake. This will give them to the company,
whatever may have been the previous law.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not understand the
practice of the Public Lands Committee to be
in accordance with the statement as to the
effect of this proviso just made by the Sena-
tor from Kansas. He undoubtedly is right in
what he states, but I have understood that the
practice of the Public Lands Committee was
not to grant iron and coal lands, certainly not
iron, in granting lands for railroads, but to
exclude them. I trust that the Senator from
Wisconsin will consent to take out the words
"or iron" at least from this bill. I do not
think iron mines should pass by grants to rail-
road companies. There is a reason, perhaps,
if the country is not well timbered so as to fur-
nish wood for fuel, why coal lands may pass,
although I think that it ought to be limited.
But as the time is short this morning, I con-
tent myself with asking the Senator from Wis-
consin to consent to strike out the words " or
iron" from this proviso.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
California? The Senator from California moves
to strike out from the proviso the words '' or
iron." The question is on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as am end-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
"Shall tho bill pass?"
