1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1066
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On that I ask
for the'yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FIvELINGHOYSEN. I wish to ask
one question: whether this is an act by which
the Government does part with any more land?
Mr. CONKLING. No, it saves land.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, pays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boroman, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler. Conkling, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelraghuysen, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morton, ffye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pratt. Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Sum-
ner, Tipton, Vickers. and Windom—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Casserly, Edmunds,
Hamilton of Maryland. Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson, and Robertson—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell. Clayton, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Gilbert, Groldthwaite, Hill, Howe,
Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Pool,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, West, Wil-
son, and W right—35.
So the bill was passed.
washington city debt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired and the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate, being the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senator from
Indiana if he will alloV me to ask for action
on House bill No. 876 ? I ask for this because
1 have to leave the city for two or three weeks,
and it should be acted on before I leave.
Mr. MORTON. I yield, subject to a right
to call for the regular order at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill (H. JR. No. 876) to fund the
debt of the city of Washington existing June
1, 1871, will be regarded as before the Senate,
subject to be displaced at any time by a call
for the regular order.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a bill the subject,
of which I wish to examine myself consider-
ably before lam ready to vote on it either way,
and I think it had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is called up
subject to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to appeal to my
friend from Vermont to let this bill be put on
its passage. I am ready to answer any ques-
tion he may wish to ask about it. It is sim-
ply to fund the old floating debt which accrued
under the municipal governments of George-
town and Washington, and has nothing what-
ever to do with the present government. I
hope the Senator will not interpose any objec-
tion to its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that it has
anything to do with the present District govern-
ment. I do not know that there is anything
improper in it. I hope there is not, and I
believe there is not; but I for one, as one of
the tax-payers of this city, do not intend to have
an act of this kind, or any other act on the
subject of the city of Washington, passed with-
out a full investigation and discussion, which
will occupy more time than can be devoted to
it on the snap of the whip here, without any
previous notice that it was coming up. I shall
very likely be in favor of this very bill, and I
make no reflections on anybody; but after what
we have seen of funding bills in the city of
New York, I hope wo shall not make haste to
pass any funding bill for the city of Washing-
ton without a full and free discussion and
explanation, which will take two or three
hours, very likely, to go through with.
I make this objection, as I say, without
prejudice to this bill or anybody connected
with the city government; but it is due to
everybody here to know exactly what we are
doing and how much it amounts to, what it
covers, how the debt originated, to whom the
funding is to be intrusted and how intrusted,
before we act on it. That will take time.
Therefore, with all regret that I disoblige my
friend, I must ask him, as this is the first time
he has brought it to the notice of the Senate,
to let the bill go over.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator inter-
poses his objection, of course I cannot help
it. I am ready to answer every question he
has suggested: how this debt occurred, when
it occurred, how it is to be paid, and what it
is. I am ready to answer every question he
m$iy ask in relation to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be all true
because my good friend has the advantage of
knowledge which I do not possess, because this
is the first time the subject has_ been brought to
my attention at all in connection with the pas-
sage of any bill. Therefore my objection to
going on now is that I am not prepared to
judge myself or know myself what all this
means, how it is to bo accomplished, and so
on ; and go, as I say without prejudice to the
committee or to the city government or to any-
body else, I do not think it the right thing to
force a bill of this importance here under what
is in effect a suspension of the rules at this
time. Iam not aware that it will hurt theeity
government to wait until my friend returns
from New Hampshire.
Mr. PATTERSON, I will state the reason
in a word. This debt is nowr largely in the
form of certificates of indebtedness drawing
tea per cent, interest, and in the hands of poor
people who want their money and they cannot
get it. Now, the object of the bill is to pay
these men who need it. They are selling their
certificates at a large discount because they
need the money to live on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have heard a little in
addition to that, that these poor people had
sold their ton per cent, certificates and that
they were in the hands of bankers and other
gentlemen of means who perhaps can wait
with the ten per cent, till we see what is best
to be done about this. At any rate, as one
of the representatives of the poor people of
this District, I am willing to wait until my
friend comes back. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
of the Senator from Vermont returns the bill
to the Calendar, and the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate.
Sir. RAMSEY. What becomes of the
special order for to-day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is superseded by the unfinished business of
yesterday and remains on the Calendar of
special orders, to be reached at some future
day, at what time the Chair of course cannot
state.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheesox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1191) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1260) to provide for the
admission of photographs for exhibition free
of duty; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1545) for the relief of
Naomi A. Stevens, of Jackson county, Mich-
igan.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced thatthe Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 625) making appropria-
tions to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tions for salaries and contingent expenses of
the Post Office Department for the current
fiscal year; and
_ A bill (H. R. No. 1071) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
endiDg June 30, 1873.
PAPERS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That theeommunieation of the
of the Interior of January 26, 1871, relating to the
claim of James Bordeaux and Clement Lamarouso,
be taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, with accompany-
ing papers.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the letter of the Secretary of War
to the Committee on Claims, transmitting the claim
of S.E. Ward for supplies furnished for the India,#
service, and recommending an appropriation for the
payment of the-same, be taken from thefiles of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
II0USE BILLS K1SFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, wore severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. 11. No. 1191) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30.1873, and for other purposes—
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1260) to provide forth©
admission of photographs for exhibition free
of duty—to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1545) for the relief of
Naomi A. Stevens, of Jackson county, Michi-
gan—to the Committee on Claims.
SALE OF ARMS TO FRENCH AGENTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution submitted by Mr.
Sumner on the 12th instant:
Whereas it appears from a recent oable telegram
that the committee of the French National Assem-
bly on wor contracts has adopted a resolution ask-
ing the United States Government to furnish the
result of inquiry into the conduct of American offi-
cials suspected of participating in the purchase of
arms for the French Government during tho war
with Germany;
And whereas one Squire, agent of Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons, at New l'ork, in adispatch dated at JXew
York, October 8, 1870, addresaed to Samuel Reming-
ton, at Tours, in France, near the Government of
National Defense, uses the following language: "We
have the strongest influences working for us, which
will use all their efforts to succeed
And whereas in a 1 etterdated at New York, Decem-
ber 13,1870, addressed by Samuel Remington to Jules
Le Cesne, president of the armament committee, at
Tours, in France, the following language is employed:
New York", December 13,1870.
Sir: I havo the honor to inform you I have re-
ceived your telegram of the 10th and 11th ordering
the number of batteries to be reduced in number to
fifty, and informing mo of instructions to the consul
regarding the last credit to him of 3,000,000 francs.
Although at the time of the receipt of the telegram
I had bought the whole number, one hundred, and
had paid the advance required, $200,000, the Gov-
ernment very willingly reduced the number to fifty.
x * * * it V AsjtiH
Regarding the purchase of Springfields, (trans-
formed,) Allen's system, I am sorry to say the
greatest number we may hope to get will not, I fear,
excced forty thousand. The Government has never
made but about seventy-five thousand ali told, and
forty thousand is the greatest number they think it
prudent to spare. I maybe able to procure, depend-
ing upon an exchange of our arms at some future
time, for the number of breech-Loading Springfields
over and above forty thousand they are willing to
let go now.
This question of an exchange, with the very friend-
ly feeling I find existing to aid France, I hope to be
able to procure more. Cartridges lor these forty
thousand will in a great measure require to be made,
as the Government have but about three millions in
hand. But the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun, to
be made, and the cartridge-works have had orders
(given yesterday) to increase production to the full
capacity of works. This question of making the
cartridges at the Government works wa-s a difficult
one to get over; butitisdone. The price the Gov-
ernmentwill charge for the guns and cartridges will
be . or as near that as possible.
.Jules Le Cesne, esq.t>
President Commission of Armament, &c.
And whereas the Secretary of War, under date of
January 19, 1872, addressed the following communi-
cation to the Secretary of State:
War Department,
"Washington City, January 19,18/2.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a note from you of the 4th instant, inclosing, by
request of Mr. de Bellonnct, ebarg^ d affaires of
France, a copy of a letter from mr. Remington to
the president of the commission ot armament at
Tours, containing a series of allegations in regard to
the purchase of arms, &a. .
The first of these allegations which seem to require
specific reply is, " Cartridges for these forty thou-
sand will in a great measure require to be made, as
the Government have but about three million on
hand; but the Government has consented to allow
