1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Corbett.
Senate.
and I trust there will be an opportunity of
voting for as good a Republican as there is
on this floor while opposing General Grant.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The -PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Sergeant-at-Arms
will arrest persons who have manifested dis-
order in the galleries, and if they cannot be
arrested it will only be on accountof the failure
of those around thpm to identify them ; and if
they be not identified, the Chair will order
the entire galleries to the right of the Chair to
be cleared.
Mr. SCHURZ. And now, sir, I shall not
imitate the example of others in going over
the whole political field. I may express my
opinions upon several subjects that have been
discussed here upon another and more fitting
occasion. The Senator from New Jersey
yesterday closed his speech with a somewhat
high flown eulogy on the President, a eulogy
which, let me say, we heard yesterday from
his lips by no means for the first time. I find
no fault with him, for I suppose his lips are
merely running over with what his heart is so
full of. He must pardon me if I cannot share
i n the gushing fervor of his worship. I believe
when all the' stock of panegyric is exhausted,
that then the people of the United States are
still entitled to ask some questions. I remem-
ber the time, and it was at the very commence-
ment of my senatorial career, when we dis-
cussed here the repeal of the tenure-of-oflice
law, and when Mr. Fessenden, whose name
and memory we all revere, made a remark
which went straight to my heart; for the edi-
fication of the Senate permit me to read it.
He said:
" I think the day has gone by when with good
taste we here in the Senate—men of some conse-
quence, representing States of this Union, consider-
ing ourselves great men in our way—should think it
necessary to be continually slabbering thePresident,
and talking about his victories and his battles, and
all that sort of thing. Sir, he has ceased to be a
general, in the ordinary sense of the word; he is
nothing now but President of the United States."
And whatever you may say of William Pitt
Fessenden, all of us who knew him will admit
that he was a man. The Senator from New
Jersey also alluded very touchingly to the men
on the farms and in the workshops, how they
would cast aside the report of these debates
and say, "What of it? we know the great
warrior who saved us at Yicksburg and Rich-
mond, and in him our faith will remain fixed."
Sir, let me tell the Senator that the men on
the farms and in the workshops are freemen,
and have the intelligence and pride of free-
men. They see no man so high above them
that they would bow their heads to the dust.
They are grateful for the capture of Vicksburg
and for the victory of Richmond ; but they
know also that Yicksburg is no longer to be
captured, and that no hostile army intrenched
around Richmond is now to be beaten. They
know that what the country now stands most
in need of is free, honest, and pure govern-
ment. If the Senator from New^ Jersey is
ready to appeal to the people, so, sir, am I.
Sales of Arms to Trench Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. II. W. CORBETT,
of oregon,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 29, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the res-
olution in relation to the sale of arms to French
agents—
Mr. CORBETT said:
Mr. President: This discussion has now
progressed i-iuce the 13th of February. Some
seventeen davs have elapsed. I think e\prv
Senator will acknowledge that the subject has
been fully investigated, that all the evidence
which is likely to be adduced upon the subject,
whether before the Senate or before a com-
mittee appointed by it, has been presented.
For that reason I shall offer a resolution as a
substitute for that of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, setting forth in the preamble the facts
in this case as I understand them; and if I
can succeed in showing the Senate that those
facts are true, I shall ask them to accept that
resolution as a substitute for the one now
before it. Before proceeding to address the
Senate on the subject, I ask the Secretary to
read the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Aar-
thont in the chair.) The Senator from Ore-
gon offers a resolution as a substitute for the
pending resolution, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas it, is probable, from evidence adduced
before the Senate in the debate upon the resolution
offered on the 12th day of February in relation to the
saie of arms, that .Messrs. Remington k Sons did
agree with the French officials that they would buy
arms directly from the Government of the United
States, and that tliey would charge them only a
commission for the purchase of the same; and
whereas it appears from evidence that they did pur-
chase from our Government fitty thousand Spring-
field muskets, cleaned and repaired, on the 2rfth of
September, 1870, at five dollars each; and whereas
toward the middle of October, 1S70, it appears from
the evidence that Messrs. Remington & Sons were
discovered to be agents of the French Government;
and whereas the Secretary of Warrefused to receive
their bids thereafter for any arms whatever, but did
from other merchants at much higher prices; and
whereas it is, and has been since the close of the
war, the desire of this Government to dispose of its
useless and undesirable arms, and to replace them
with the latest improved and most efficient weapons;
and whereas the Secretary of War has by such sales
placed in the Treasury about thirteen million dol-
lars, thereby reducing the burdens of the people
to that extent; and whereas this money is^ fully ac-
counted for; and whereas there is no evidence to
show that the Secretary of War knowingly sold arms
to either of the belligerent Powers, France or Prus-
sia, but directly to the contrary; and whereas no
official complaints have been laid before this Gov-
ernment by France respecting any transactions had
by it, if any it may have had, with agents in the
United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That it is inexpedient and detri-
mental to the best interests of this Government to
waste further time upon this subject.
And be it further resolved, That after a full, open,
and fair discussion of this matter for days and weeks,
the War Department has been fully vindicated.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. _ President, it was
charged by Senators on this floor that a large
amount of arms had been disposed of to the
French Government, and that there was a large
discrepancy between the amount received bv
the Secretary of War and the amount paid into
the Treasury of the United States. That was
the ostensible charge with which these gen-
tlemen set out, the main charge against the
Administration. That charge was practically
abandoned, as I understand, by the Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from Mis-
souri after the true facts had been produced
by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds]
on the 16th of February, He then showed
moat clearly that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had received this money into the Treasury
of the United States, and that there was no
discrepancy, and I understand that the bena-
tors supporting this resolution are full}'satis-
fied on that point. For this reason, I see no
need of investigation as to that fact. Ihe fol-
lowing, which appears in the Globe, fully
justifies this statement:
"Mr. Edmunds. May I make a remark to my
friend just there, because I do not intend to occupy
the time of the Senate on this subject ?
"Mr. Morton-. Certainly.
" Mr. Edmunds. I wish to inform him, tho Sen-
ate, and tho Senator from Missouri, ail three, that
if anybody will look at the accounts, which 1 tried
to persuade the Senator from Missouri to look at
yesterday, and which I hold in my hand, he will
perceive that there is not even an apparent discrep-
ancy; that the suui of £S.OUO,OOU that so much fuss
has been made about i^ in an entirely different
account from tho receipts of cj?hinto the Ireasuiy,
and does not represent a single dollar ot this ord-
nance money at all, but represents the settlement
of old Army accounts.
" Mr. Schurz. Now, with the permission of the
Senator from Indiana, let me say to the Senator
from Vermont that the Secretary of the Treasury
himself admitted that although the accounts were
all right, yet not all the money turned into tho
Treasury by the War Department did appear upon
these accounts, for the simple reason that some of
those accounts had not been settled when the offi-
cial report lor the year 1870-71 was made up.
"Mr. Morton. In other words, a small part had
not been covered into the Treasury, as shown by the
Senator from Iowa yesterday,
"Mr. Schurz. The Secretary said to me yester-
day, in the presence of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that some of those accounts had been settled
afterward and would appear on the boobs now. I
appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts in sup-
port of my statement.
"Mr. Sumner. The Secretary had the kindness
to visit me this morning, and he has taken some
time to look into the accounts at the Treasury in
order to sift this to the bottom. Now, i ask my
friend 
" Mr. Morton. He told you in the same conver-
sation it was all right, too.
"Mr. Sumner. Certainly; he has given me a
memorandum 
"Mr. Morton. Then we will consider this dis-
crepancy out of the case."
Further on, Mr. Edmunds states:
" I thought my friend from Indiana yielded to me
and I have been trying to get the floor, but I have
been subjected, as poor old General Scott was, to
a fire in the rear' from two gentlemen. Now, with
'he permission of my friend from Iudiana, vrhile
we are on this topic, as this is all I expect to say on
the subject, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate and of the honorable Senator trom Massachu-
setts to this very account. He and the honorable
Senator from Missouri say that they have been
examining the Secretary of the Treasury in private,
and that they have got somewhat mollified. What
the Secretary of the Treasury would say on thesub-
ject even of an apparent discrepancy, as they call
it. if we had him here and we could examine him,
we do not know; but I take his official report, which
the honorable Senator stood upon when he began.
Now, listen. Here is the item that the honorable
Senator said showed how much had been paid in
from the sales of those ordnance and ordnancestores
during the year ending July 1, 1871, under the head,
on page 277 of the finance report, of 'segregated
receipts and expenditures by warrants.' Perhaps
the honorable Senator did not attend to the last
word. Then follows along list of receipts; among
others—
On account of ordnance and ordnance
stores $8,286,131 Y0
On account of collecting and drilling
volunteers  16,675 99
On accountof national armories  629,094 72
"Now, then, if you will turn to the preceding
paragraph, which brings in and introduces these
items, on page 274. you will find this said by the
Treasurer, who makes this report:
" * Repay covering warrants represent repayments
of money advanced to disbursing officers, and pro-
ceeds of sales of stores, both of which are credited
to the appropriations from which the moneys were
advanced.
"' Transfer and counter warrants represent moneys
which have been advanced from one appropriation
and expended on account of another. The moneys
are afterward charged to the proper appropria-
tions on transfer warrants, and credited back on
counter warrants to the appropriations from which
they were advanced. These warrants are now issued
only in the settlement of oldaccounts arismgduring
the war.' , .
" You will pay attention to that, sir. JSow, then,
come to the entries, which he thus explains:
" 4 Receipts and expenditures by warrants, less
counter and transfer warrants.'
" Those are credit? on account of various heads of
disbursement. Then come—
" ' Receipts and expenditures by ledger.
'"The actual receipts during the fiscal year, as
per cash ledger, were as follows.'
"Then follows a list, and at the bottom the last
item m the list, is this entry: ' War, (repayments,)
$11,469,646 60,' which the Treasurer of the United
States expressly states represents moneys received
into the Treasury for that fiscal year from the pro-
ceed? of the sales of Army stores, and from money
repaid by disbursing officers, whose accounts were
settled and who went out of serviceor finished up
their business. Therefore, it is not in the warrant
entry of $8,236,131 70 which Senators have alluded
to. and which tue Treasurer says merely represents
abalauce on the books ot the Treasury without trie
passage of a dollar in settling tho ordnance accounts
of the Army, that this money is ro be found, but it is
to be found as a part of the ^ll,46J,b4o 60, which
stands under the head of war lepayments, ocing
tho cross amount in cash received in the Treasury
that year from the sale ot stores and from the bai-
..p.po renaid by disbursing officers whose accounts
were settled and closed. The Senators could say
how mucii of this lepresents ordnanco stores in the
way of aggregating the account, and how much pay
wedonotknow : but, on The tace of it, itisin exceed
of the whole ordnance sales, nud the ot.ier item, as
I have said, docs ir-t necessarily have tae slightest
connection with the subject."
