1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Also, the petition of 0. B. & O. S. Latham,
of Seneca Falls, New York, asking payment
of a balance due them from the United States
for the construction of certain Government
buildings.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of L. G.
Nelson and 145 others, of Minnesota, late of
the Union Army, asking for an equalization
of bounties.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
Frank J. Fisher and others, cigar-makers of
the second district of Illinois, for amendment
of revenue laws in relation to cigar-makeis.
By Mr. GALLEGOS: The petition of W.
- W. Griffin, United .States commissioner.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of 205 citizens of Washington, protesting
against the passage of the bill for the building
of a railroad depot on the public grounds near
Sixth street and Pennsylvania avenue.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of 32 citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for a change
of the laws regulating the distillation of whisky
so that distilleries may be licensed according
to their actual capacity, such capacity to be
ascertained by practical men.
By Mr. GRIFFITH : A petition of 74 opera-
tors in woolen millsand residents of Meadville,
Pennsylvania, asking Congress to abolish the
duties on wool, fully believing that the woolen
industry of this country is oppressed and en-
dangered, and that all other industries are
crippled by unjust tariffs on raw materials.
By Mr. HANCOCK: The petition of A.
C. Keaton, praying for compensation for ser-
vices rendered as clerk of Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, at, Millican,
Texas.
By Mr. I1ANDLEY : A petition of 225 citi-
zens of Opebka, Lee county, Alabama, asking
the Congress of the United States to make an
appropriation of $100,000 for the erection of
a post, office building in the city of Opelika,
Alabama.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia : The petition
of L. F. W. Lake, of Culpeper county, Vir-
ginia, praying compensation for property used
by the Union Army.
By Mr. HOUGHTON : A remonstrance of
citizens of Los Angeles county, California,
against the passage of House bill No. 1163,
entitled "A bill to expedite the survey of
private land claims."
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of Asa E. Cole-
man and others, citizens of Kansas, praying
that provision be made for payment of pen-
sions through postmasters.
Also, the petition of Leauder Wells and
others, citizens of Kansas, and soldiers in the
late war, praying an equalization of boun-
ties on the basis ol an allowance of $8 38J
per month for the time in actual service.
By Mr. McCliARY : The memorial of Hon.
Daniel K. Miller, ot' Lee county, Iowa, pray-
ing the passage of a joint icsolution to grant
certain public documents to the Madison
Libiaiy Association, of Fort Madison, Iowa.
By Mr. MERllIAM: The protest of Beman
Brockway ant! others, ol Jefferson county,
New York, against reduction of duties on for-
eign salt.
By Mr. NEGLEY : The petition of 77 print-
ers, type-founders, binders, gold-beaters, and
paper-makers of the city of Pittsburg, Stale
of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
passage of an international copyright law.
Also, the petition of (54 workmen m the Atlas
works, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against a change of the tariff.
Also, the petition of 70 workmen in Ander-
son & Wood's steel works. Pittsburg, remon-
strating against any change of the tariff.
Also, the petition of lo dealers in manu-
factured tobacco, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the difference of tax
on smoking and chewing tobacco.
Also, the petition of 7G workmen in Pitts-
burg forge and iron-works, remonstrating
against a change of the tariff.
Also, the petition of 76 workmen in Black
Diamond steel-works, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against a change of the tariff.
Also, the petition of Nathan Crosby and 65
workmen of forge and iron-works, Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against a change
of the tariff.
Also, the petition of 69 late soldiers, sailors,
and marines, asking for themselves and the
heirs of those deceased $8 33J per month for
the entire time of service.
By Mr. PRINDLE: A petition of citizens
ot Otsego county, New York, asking Congress
to refuse a further extension of L. Langstroth's
patent on movable comb frames and beo-hives.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: The petition
of John G. Black and others, of Carter county,
Kentucky, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff' laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country.
Also, the petition of J. A. Watson and
others, of Carter county, Kentucky, remon-
strating against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country.
Also, the petition of A. E. Adams, of Ken-
tucky, asking to be reimbursed for expenses
incurred by hitn in recruiting a company tor
the Federal Army.
By Mr. SARGENT: The petition and
memorial of citizens of San Francisco, for
payment of French spoliation claims.
Also, the application of Nelson & Beadle,
of San Francisco, and accompanying papers,
for an American register for the Hawaiian
bark Florence.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
citizens of Hamilton county, Ohio, praying a
new mail route.
Also, the petition of Ernest Cauzlcr, praying
bounty for services as a sailor.
Also, the petition of A. Hildebrand and 78
other soldiers, praying for an equalization of
bounties and amendment of the homestead
laws.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The remonstrance of Charles C. Moore, Mor-
decai Larkin, H. K. Brownback, and 50 others,
citizens of Chester county, Pennsylvania,
against any amendment to the Constitution by
incorporating into it a recognition of God as
the source ot all authority and power in civil
government, and of the Lord Jesus Christ as
the ruler among nations, &c.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Junes McGrady, praying relief in regard to
extra service performed by him in the quarter-
master's department of the first brigade, first
division, fourteenth corps, while a soldier in
the service of the United States.
By Mr. WALDEN : The petition of Benja-
min Bryant and numerous others, citizens of
Iowa, for a mail route from Ottumwa, via
Ormanville, to Unionville.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of 546 cit-
izens of the city of St. Louis, Missouri, pray-
ing for a uniform tax on tobacco.
By Mr. WILLARD: The memorial of F.
W. Parker and others.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 26, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCauley, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
irrigation of isbar kivj5r valley.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with,
and that the Senate agree to take up Senate
bill No. 348 for action during the morning
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks that by unanimous con-
sent the further reading of the Journal be
dispensed with, and that the Senate take up
Senate bill No. 348, stating that he will give
way tp the morning business if it should be
taken up.
Mr. COLE. What is the bill?
Mr. WINDOM. A bill to provide for the
irrigation of Bear river valley, in Utah Terri-
tory, reported by tbe Committee on Public
Lands some weeks ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Minnesota? The Chair hears none. The
reading of the Journal is dispensed with, and
Seriate bill No. 348 is before the Senate, but
tbe Senator now yields for the morning
business.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that the
Constitution may not be amended so as to
recognize God as the source of all authority
in civil government, and the Lord Jesus Christ
as the Ruler among nations; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of West Branch, Cedar county, Iowa, in
favor of setting apart a portion of the public
land, &e., for the support of the freed people
about Washington city who are dependent
on the Government for support; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa, remonstrating against any further appro-
priations of lands to railroad monopolies, and
praying the enactment of a law to protect set-
tlers on homesteads against the encroachment
of railroad companies; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of Wil-
liam H. De Groot, praying the passage of a
resolution authorizing the Court of Claims
to take jurisdiction of his claim ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying the enactment of a
law for the relief of Mis. Elizabeth Sisson;
which was referred to the Committee ou Pen-
sions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Henry M. Reuell, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion i which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying the
adoption of certain measures therein named,
to restore American commerce; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying that distilleries be
licensed according to their actual capacity;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of R. W.
Gibbes, by his attorney, James H. Causten,
praying for the payment of a claim alleged
by him to be due him from the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BORBMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Jefferson county, West Virginia, and
of adjoining counties, praying the passage of
a bill now pending before the Senate in regard
to water privileges at Harper's Ferry; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
juxosj. pknnypack1sk.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee ou Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 395) for the relief of Enos j*.
Pennypacker, have had the same under con-
sideration, and directed me to report it bai k
and recommend its passage. It is a private
bill, and I have held it back several daysthink-
ing I could get action upon it when I repoited
it, and have delayed reporting it also on ac-
count of the absence of the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Pool,] who is now present.
I should like to have the bill considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate by
unanimous consent have given the morning
