1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37S5
Mr. COX. That was because they did not
know how to expend the money appropriated
for them in a handsome way.
Mr. SLOGUM. I am sorry to see my friend
from New York, who the other day was in
favor of the abolition of the marines on ac-
count of their being useless, insisting on our
continuing appropriations for the Columbus
arsenal, which is and can be of no use to the
Government. It can be justified on no other
ground than that they have no otherplace upon
which the public money can be expended.
That is the only plea here in behalf of them,
that they do not have any post office, no cus-
tom-house, and this is the only place where
they can have public money spent; that is my
friend's argument.
Mr. COX. The gentleman promised to help
me in getting rid of the marines, and just as
we came to a vote, like an ungallant soldier, he
was against me, and has been against me ever
since.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 35, noes 55.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Holman and
Mr. Cox as tellers.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 76.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Charleston arsenal, Charleston. South Carolina;
for putting slate roof on foundery building, $1,300 ;
for relaying floors in storehouses, $1,200 ; for gen-
eral repairs of public buildings anil grounds, $200 ;
in all, 82,700.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike that out
for the reasons I have already stated.
Mr. WALLACE. I hope that will not be
stricken out. There is now no Representative
here from the Charleston district. This ap-
propriation is not large, and much less, in ray
judgment, than it ought to be.
Mr. DICKEY. I beg to read the note to
this appropriation contained in the book of
estimates. It is as follows :
" This is a first-class brick building in good repair,
except the roof of tile, which is very much decayed.
It is absolutely necessary to prevont the decay of
the root timbers and frame-work. The building is
now used as a storehouse for artillery and ammuni-
tion."
The motion to strike out the paragraph was
disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Detroit arsenal, Dearbornville, Michigan: for
painting and repairing public buildings, $500.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The question being taken on the motion to
strike out, there were—ayes 13, noes 50; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Holman and Mr.
Congee.
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 30, noes 94.
So the motion to strike out the paragraph
was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Fort Monroe arsenal, Old Point Comfort, Virginia:
for completing gun-yard fence, brick foundation-
wall, and fence of old musket-barrels, $3,000; for re-
pairing storehouses, for painting and repairing
public buildings, S3,000; in all, $6,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
paragraph for the reasons which have already
been discussed.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Fort Union arsenal, Fort Union, New Mexico
Territory: for repairing storehouses, magazine,
barracks, workshops, office, quarters, inclosing wall,
and fences, S3,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The motion was disagreed to. •
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Frank ford arsenal, Bridesburg, Pennsylvania:
for repairs of public buildings and grounds, $3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. ' I move to strike out that
paragraph. There is a regular succession of
these arsenals, and now we have come to this
one in the State of Pennsylvania, for which
there is an appropriation of $3,000 for the
repairs of buildings and grounds. If the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations really
intends that this outrage upon the country shall
cease, I ask him upon what principle we appro-
priate so large a sum as $3,000 for this par-
ticular Bridesburg arsenal ?
Mr. RANDALL. I would remark to the
gentleman from Indiana that this is not an
arsenal which sprang up with the war at all.
It is an old arsenal, and it is a very large and
important one, and this is a miserably small
appropriation. I admit that there is justice,
in some measure, in what the gentleman says
as to the numerous arsenals of the country.
But this is not one of the arsenals that will
fairly come under his criticism.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course there is no arse-
nal that ought to be stricken out, although
gentlemen think that only three should be sus-
tained.
The motion to strike out was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to insert
the following, which by a mistake was omitted
from the bill;
Indianapolis arsenal: for care and repair of pub-
lio buildings and grounds, 44,000.
Mr. llOLMAN. I hope that will not be
inserted. I know there is no public reason
for it.
Mr. COX. I move to Btrike it out.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not in yet.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Kenncbce arsenal, Augusta, Maine: for repairing
public buildings, grounds, and fences, $1,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Leavenworth arsenal, Leavenworth, Kansas : for
additions to subalterns' quarters. $1,036 90; for
repairs to public buildings, cisterns, drains, and
walks, $3,600; for building a cistern for use of steam-
engine, $550; for purchase of steam-pump, boiler,
pipe, and putting up the same for the purpose of
supplying water to the arsenal, including construc-
tion of water-tank, $1,000; for putting up fence
along new wagon-road to railroad bridge, and along
railroad to railroad bridge, $3,282 50; for repairing
m;iin fence inclosing arsenal, $1,078; for macadam-
izing road leading to arsenal from main road to
Leavenworth, and for roads around arsenal build-
ing, $1,500; in all, $12,047 40.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not certain, but there
may be a good reason for this appropriation.
I move to strike out the paragraph for the
purpose of asking the chairman of the com-
mittee on what ground this is claimed as au
arsenal. If he gives a satisfactory explanation
I will not insist on my motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will explain
this matter to the gentleman and to the com-
mittee. When I said that the Committee on
Appropriations were in favor of maintaining
three great arsenals, I also remarked that it
was necessary to have some depots of supplies
at the frontier posts and at other points. I?ort
Leavenworth is one of these points. In the
Army bill now pending between the House
and the Senate the Senate put in an appropri-
ation of $2*25,000 to enlarge Fort Leavenworth
as a military depot. It is necessary that the
arsenal now in existence there shall be kept
up sufficiently to be a store-house for ordnance
supplies, and that there shall be a sufficient
force there to make slight repairs. Therefore
it is an exception to the general rule I laid
down.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it for stores only, or
for stores and repairs also ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For slight re-
pairs also.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move to strike out the
last 'word. There would have been some
force in the argument of the gentleman from
Ohio some years ago at the time when it took
a month to transport supplies from New York
to Fort Leavenworth, but to-day there is no
need of these depots for stores, as supplies can
always be forwarded by railroad transportation
quicker than they are needed. The railroads
can transport arms, powder, or anything else
in one fifth of the time in which they could
be transported when these arsenals were estab-
lished. You do not need them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Govern-
ment proposes to enlarge this arsenal into a
depot for troops as well as supplies. A letter
from Lieutenant General Sherman was before
the Committee on Appropriations this morn-
ing when we were considering the Senate
amendment to the Army bill appropriating
$225,000 for the enlargement of this arsenal.
This is near enough to the frontier, consider-
ing that we have railroad transportation, to be
a good border depot for supplies and troops.
Mr. SLOCUM. That is all very well if the
frontier was not constantly changing. The
border is all the time moving, and you would
have to build another arsenal further West by
and by.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is not an
appropriation for building, but for keeping up
slight repairs on the buildings we have already
there.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
New York arsenal, Governor's Island, New York
harbor, New York: for repairs of steam-engines,
tanks, lire-apparatus, docks, drains, and grounds,
and purchase of hose, $9,000; for grading and im-
proving public grounds, $2,090; for repairs of public
buildings, $6,000; for extending and repairing fences,
$500; iu all, 917,600.
Mr. COBURN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the paragraph last read:
After line nine hundred and thirteen insert: " for
Indianapolis arsenal, Indiana.polis. Indiana, for
streets and roads and repairs of buildings, $5,000.
I desire to say a word or two only about this
amendment. I know that on the south side
of the arsenal a street has been improved, and
I am informed that the work has not been paid
for, and the contractors have been doing the
work with the assurance that Congress would
make an appropriation forthat purpose. These
men have honestly gone on and done the work,
as I am informed. I supposed an appropria-
tion would be in this bill for this purpose, and
until we came to this point I never thought it
worth while to look at it. Certainly this is
not a great amount, not more than has been
allowed to Columbus and other arsenals of the
same size. I am not here asking favors for
the people of my district. This appropriation
will not be of any advantage to me any more
than to any other mail in the United States or
in the world. It is an appropriation to Uke
care of the property of the Government of
the United States, and it would be no benefit
to the people of my district except that it is a
fair thing, in so far as men have expended
money in making public improvements, that
they should be repaid.
Mr. SLOCUM. Have there ever been
any arms manufactured or repaired in this
arsenal ?
Mr. COBURN. I suppose there have been
a great many.
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not suppose there ever
were. I do not believe the Governtaent ever
got one farthing's benefit from it. It is kept
up merely for the purpose of spending money
there, and I suppose every body knows it.
Mr. COBURN. I suppose everybody that
has any sense knows no such thing.
Mr. SLOCUM. You dare not say on this
floor that there has ever been a musket manu-
factured there.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman is speaking
about something that has nothing to do with
the case.
