1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
the champions of the Administration, when,
if they should champion a cock-tight in the
manner m which they have this Administra-
tion, I would ask them to place somebody else
in charge for a moment. [Laughter.] By
calling your little meetings and seeking to
direct everybody, no man can be an inde-
pendent man in this Senate. Why, sir? If
lie gets out of the traces the least bit, accord-
ing to a certain few, you call a caucus on him,
[laughter;] you will settle him at once. Then
you will send it out to the country that he is
not obeying the dictates of a Republican cau-
cus—a caucus about what? A caucus to
advance the interests of the country? No.
sir, but a caucus to advance the interests of
individuals and to strike down others ; and if
a man refuses to vote as you direct he is
counted out. I must admit that there arc not
very many gentlemen who like to jump against
a caucus. I have always been strange in my
notions, and especially in not doing what
others try to foice me to do; and I say to you
now that I shail vote for the resolutions again
in this Senate if they are offered, irrespective
of caucuses or anything else, because I think
it is right.
But to run a party you must have a caucus.
If some Senator does not vote for a resolution
that some other Senator offers you are to call
a caucus. If he votes against something that
somebody else has offered, call a caucus and
settle him by your caucus. It reminds me a
good deal of school-boys playing marbles, and
some chap in the crowd happens to strike
what they call the " middle man " a little more
centrally than the rest, and they get together
and read him out of the game, and take his
marbles and play at the game themselves.
[Laughter.] This is what you call hone t j
political action, and every man who does not
come up to the mark must be read out, and I
am one of them.
Now, sir, I do not believe the President of
the United States fears investigation : hut yet
you have made the country believe he does.
1 do not believe the Secretary of the Treasury
fears investigation, or that the Treasurer of
the United States does, but you have made
the country believe they do. *1 do not believe
any of these Departments fear investigation,
but to-day the country believes they do fear it.
Why do they believe it? They believe it be
cause the course of the majority of you Repub-
licans here has made them believe it.
There are dishonest men in office. Is there
a Republican Senator here to-day who will
say that every officer appointed by this Admin-
istration is an honest man? It would be very
strange if it were so, and it would be veiy
strange ifany President could appoint all honest
men when they are recommended to him by
everybody. Hundreds of the appointees the
President never sees. He cannot be respons-
ible for ail of them if they are dishonest, but
he may if they are proved to be dishonest and
not turned out. If that is the case, who should
fear investigation ? Nobody; and it you have
dishonest men in the Republican party, turn
them out. That is what you ought to do. It
is what every party ought to do. But, how are
you going to turn them out? There is but one
way, and that is to scrutinize their conduct,
investigate their acts, and if you suspect
them, investigate and ascertain whether they
have been dishonest, and if so, notify the id-
ministration, and let them be removed atonce,
and punished also if crimes are committed.
That is what every party ought to do, if they
would keep their party organization respectable
before the country.
But the conduct of the majority here has
been of such a character as to iead the country
to believe that there are dishonest men, that
there are thieves connected with this Admin-
istration, and that you are so afraid that they
\Vill come to light tiiat, you attempt to smother
investigation. The country believes that. I
do not say it is true by any means ; but ! say
that is what the country believes, and you may
take the leading papers from every State in
this Union and you will find some such char-
acter given to their articles as does lead the
country to believe that the majority here are
doing exactly what they ought not to do. I
am sorry that it is so. I am sorry that there is
such a disposition shown here, unwittingly, as
a matter of course, but yet it has been exhib-
ited in such a way as to satisfy some of us that
there was a little influence here to affect or
bear down upon certain men who did not hap-
pen to vote a certain way on some former
occasion.
Now, sir, the question before the Senate is,
I understand, on agreeing to this committee
thatyou have reported. Reported from where,
sir? Well, reported from au agreement that
was made by a tew. Now, 1 want to say in all
candor that I am not aggrieved because I am
not on the committee. I did not expect to
be on it. I did not want to be oil it. I cer-
tainly did not ask to be. I have never asked
to be on any committee; but, by some strange,
accidental circumstance, no one seems to be
on the committee who voted for the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Illinois in-
structing the committee to do certain things.
Why is this so? There were twenty-four Sen-
ators in this Chamber who voted for that reso-
lution ; there were thirty-five who voted
against it. There was a majority against, it,
as a matter of course, but the twenty-four
who voted for the instructions to the commit-
tee were the twenty-four men that voted earn-
estly and honestly for the committee to have
power to do something ; and as to the others,
I do not say that they did not vote just as hon-
estly ; but these men certainly did vote to give
the committee power to do something. Now,
why out of twenty-four men who voted for
that resolution, do we find but one on this
committee of seven? Thirty-five voted against
the resolution, and you find six out of the
thirty-five on the committee. I do not think
the ratio is equal; it does not seem to me that
it is. I know that there was no intention about
it; the intention was not to exclude any of us
who voted for it from the committee; it was
merely by accident, [laughter;] but the acci-
dent happened to strike only one way.
This committee is an honorable committee;
this committee is made up of honorable gen-
tlemen, because all Senators are honorable
gentlemen. [Laughter.] It is made up, too.
of gentlemen whose piivate characters are good
in and out of the Senate; gentlemen against
whom I have not a word to say, and gentlemen
for whom I have the highest respect. But, at
the same time that it is made up of gentlemen
of that character, of honor, and of ability, and
of integrity, I do not know whether the. making
of it up reflects very much credit on us. 1
do not know whether the five men, or the four
men, or the three men that selected this com-
mittee—because they were not selected by
everybody here; I think about five is the num-
ber in this Senate that does generally the busi-
ness of the Senate, as far as arranging things
is concerned—about five, [laughter;] four or
five; I may not be correct in the number, but
not over five. [Laughter.] 1 have no partic-
ular objection to that; but I do think, and I
call the attention of Senators to it, the country
will take just about this view of it: the country
will say there is something,'we do not know
what it is, but there is something about this
that is strange to us.
Here are seven excellent gentlemen selected
to investigate something—to investigate what ?
Nobody knows. But everybody thinks there
is something, and they will begin to ask this
question: how is this committee made up?
Here are ten or twelve Republicans, at least
gentlemen who claim to be Republicans, that
vote one way and about twelve or fourteen
Democrats voting the same way. What is the
matter with these twelve Republicans?^ Who
are they ? Senator Sumner, Senator ilsox,
my colleague, Senator Ferry, and other Sen-
ators that I could name—some ten or twelve—
what is the matter with these gentlemen '! Ale
they honest? Are they dishonest? How is
it that this Senate ignores these men all the
time ? How is it that they are determined that
their resolutions shall never pass? How is it
that they are determined that none of them
shall be on a committee of this kind?
As I said before, 1 have nothing to investi-
gate, no charges to make. I do not know of
anything myself. I know 1 have no feeling ill
the world against anybody in relation to this
matter, but I want it done right, and that is all
I desire. So far as charging me as being au
anti-Administration man because I voted for
this resolution is concerned, men might as well
charge me with being for the Administration
because 1 did. I said nothing for the Admin-
istration ; I said nothing against it; I said
nothing either way. Why should 1 be charged
with being against the Administration because
I voted for resolutions that were in the interest
of the Administration? In my judgment if it
is an honest one, and I believe it is, if it will
not bear investigation it is not fit to be the
Administration of the country. If it can, and
I believe it can stand investigation, then it is
fit to be. Therefore, sir, I was in favor of the
resolution, and shall be in favor of it again,
and I do beg of these Senators of more expe-
rience than 1 have, men whom I admit are men
of great ability, and of great wisdom, men of
great political sagacity, men that the country
looks to as a matter of course to manage these
affairs—I hope their management will be a
little different in the future, especially if they
desire to advance the interest of the Republican
party and the present Administration.
MESSAGE FROM Till) HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Li.oyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bill and joint resolution ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 65) relating
to the limitation of stpam pressure on towing
and freight boats on the Mississippi river and
its tributaries.
SEXATOR riWU GiiOUGIA.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, to whom were re-
ferred the credentials of Foster Blodgett and
Thomas it. Norwood, each claiming a seat as
Senator from the State of Georgia for the term
which commenced March 4, 1871, submitted a
report thereon, accompanied by the following
resolution :
Renohed, That Thomas M. Xorwoodis entitled to
a seat. m the Senate as a Senator from the State of
Georgia tor the term commencing March f, ISTt,
and that he bo admitted to the game.
The report was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
STEAM TOW-BOATS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask the con-
sent of the Senate to pass a resolution lying
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Carpen-
ter in the chair.) The Chair will lay before
the Senate a resolution received from the
House of Representatives.
The joint resolution (II. II. No. 05) relating
to the limitation of steam pressure on towing
and freight boats on the Mississippi river and
its tributaries was read by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that it be read at
length, and I desire, by uuanimous consent, to
have it passed now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has it been referred to a
committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been practically.
