1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it can. do no harm
to require this company within some reason-
able time to complete their road or else this
right shall be forfeited.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 "will accept such an
amendment.
Mr. OSBORN. I have no objection to an
amendment of that sort.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Any time deemed proper
by those familiar with the road and the coun-
try will be satisfactory to me.
Mr. SPENCER, and Mr. OSBORN. Say
five years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Three years.
Mr. OSBORN. Let it be five years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears to be
assented to that this grant shall not continue
longer than five years. No objection being
made, the bill ivill be so amended. The
phraseology will be arranged by the Senator
from Illinois and the Senator from Florida.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not particular
about the time. I think there should ba a
limit. Five years is a good while for a road
already partly completed.
Mr. SPENCER. Forty miles of it are run-
ning now.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILL KliCOMMITTKP.
On motion of Mr. WEST, the bill (S. No.
659) for the relief of California and Nevada
veteran volunteers, honorably discharged at
points distant from that of original enlistment,
was recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affair?,
HEDDCriON OF TAXIit.
Mr. MOIIRILL, of Vermont. 1 desire to
offer a resolution to which I think there will
not be a dissenting voice in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the call
of reports of committees the Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent to offer a
resolution, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk road the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Jieaolved, That the Comm itteo on Finance be, and
hereby is, instructed to report an amendment to any
bill roducing taxes which shall ropeal the internal
rovenuo laws now in foroe imposing taxes, as fol-
lows : tho tax on illuminating gas, tho taxes im-
posed by section ono liundrea and ten of tho act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support tbo Government, to pay interest on tho
public debt, and lor other purposes " approved
Juno 30, 1861, as subsequently amended, and all
taxes payable by stamps, excepting such as rolate
to distilled spirits, fermented liquor?, and tobacco,
snuff, and cigars.
Mr. II0BRILL, of Vermont. Whatever
else we may do, I believe we are all agreed
this shall be done.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would like to improve
that resolution, which I think is a very good
one, by putting in a provision to suspend the
collection of the income tax for the current
year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will not embarrass this proposition.
Let that be an independent proposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will offer mine
as an independent proposition.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not wish to object to
the passage of this if it is the sense of the
Senate ; but it seems to me the taxes collected
by stamps are the cheapest taxes collected;
they are collected at no expense, to the Gov-
ernment. I think tho income tax is a much
worse tax and creates more dissatisfaction.
Mr. WIXDOM. If this resolution gives
rise to a discussion oi" the income tax, I shall
have to call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota objects to its consideration because
he desires a few moments for the bill called up
by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
a vote on it.
Mr. HOWE. I believe I never did object
to anything iu my life ; but I am inclined now,
I think for the first time, to object to the pass-
ing of a great financial measure in the morn-
ing hour, especially until I have made two or
lli toft tannrt^
The VICEPRESIDENT. Reports are in
order.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I suggest
that the resolution be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the resolution until I have a better oppor-
tunity.
KISl'OltTS 01" COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropria-
tions, to whom was referred the bill (EL R.
No. 1823) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, have directed me to report
it back witli certain amendments, and I give
notice that 1 shall endeavor to call it up as
soon as we can reach it. t_
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Caleb
White and Bettie A. Thomas, praying to be
reimbursed for overcharges in the shipment
and sale of certain cotton seized and sold by
an agent of the Government, submitted an
adverse report thereon, which was ordered to
be printed ; and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harlow J. Phelps,
of New Orleans, Louisiana, praying the return
of a tax on cotton alleged to have been ille-
gally collected of him in 1865, submitted an
adverse report thereon, which was ordered to
be printed; and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 485) for the relief
of Harlow J. Phelps & Co., reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William Brad-
dus, praying compensation for a horse taken
from him by United States troops in 1862,
submitted an adverse report thereon, which
was ordered to be printed; and asked to be
discharged from its further consideration,
which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the let-
ter of tho Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting a copy of a communication from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and the ac-'
companying papers, being the claim of J. &
C. M. Dailey for goods and provisions fur-
nished the Sioux Indians in Minnesota by
request of their agent in 1862, reported a bill
(S. No. 868) for the relief of J. & C. M.
Dailey; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and bjr unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
869) for the relief of John H. Hutchison and
Thomas H. Hutchinson of De Witt, Arkansas
county, Arkansas; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 870) for the relief of Henry Ware ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Claims, and ordered to be ;
printed. j
Mr. ROBERT.SON asked, and by unani- j
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a j
bill (S. No. 871) to secure uniformity in the
gauge of the railroads of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 872) granting a pension of fifty dollars
per month to Samuel Davis, of New Trenton,
Indiana ; which was read Mice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
iiaydbn's geological survey.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That there be printed live thousand copies of
Professor Hayden's report of the geological survey
of Colorado and 5few Mexico for 1869; two thousand
copies for the use of tho House of Keprosentatives,
one thousand for the use of the Senate, one thou-
sand for the use of the Secretary of the Interior, and
one thousand for distribution by the Smithsonian
Institution.
LANK GHAUTS TO LOUISIANA.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to transmit to the Senate auy information
showing what action, if any, has been taken regard-
ing the lands of the State of Louisiana granted to
said State in aidof the New Orleans, Opelousas, and
Great Western railroad by act approved June 3,
1866, and what are declared forfeited to tho United
States by act approved July 14,1870.
REDUCTION OF TAXES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Resolutions
being in order I again offer my resolution, and
I desire to state that I suppose the tariff bill
will come up immediately after one o'clock,
and it seems to me it would facilitate a com-
mon understanding if we could pass a resolu-
tion something of this character, showing that
it was the purpose of the Senate to repeal a
very large portion of internal revenue taxe.3
I do not desire to discuss the relative poinis,
there may be some points embraced in this as
to which I should not agree when the question
finally comes up for action. I might be dis-
posed, for instance, to retain a portion of the
stamp taxes; but in its general scope I think
all Senators will agree that in the main the
internal taxes are to disappear, and I there
fore hope for an action of the Senate without
discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. WINDOM. I must object if it gives
rise to debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think it will give rise to debate. •
Mr. WINDOM. The indications a little
while ago were pretty strong that it would.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not entertain a conditional objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will with-
draw the resolution if it gives rise to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Does any Sen-
ator desire that the resolution be read ? It
was read a few minutes ago.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution-
Mr. MORTON. Not fully understanding
the effect of that resolution, I object to its
present consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
I withdraw it again for the present.
xuomas is. valentine.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the .bill (H. R. No. 1024) for the re-
lief of Thomas 13. Valentine, to report it back
with a recommendation that it pass. As this
bill, or rather a bill more favorable in terms
to the petitioner, has already passed the Sen-
ate, and has been twice considered by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, I ask for its
immediate consideration. It failed iu the
House of Representatives at the last Congress
merely for want of time.
Ilie VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of tho bill?
Mr. WINDOM. I do not object if it does
not give rise to debate: but I give notice that
I will insist on the regular order hereafter.
The bill was read.
Mr. HARLAN. I should not be willing to
have that bill pass without an explanation,
