1068
TH® CONGRESSIONAL' QLOBfi.
February 16,
striking at the letteSr and. losing Sight entirely
of the spirit arid meaning of the statute.
Mr, SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him once more?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHUliZ. According to his construc-
tion of that law it "will be competent for the
ordnance department to go on manufacturing
cartridges as a regular business, for it may be
assumed that there is always a certain quantity
of powder in the hands of the ordnance depart-
ment, that that powder is always liable to be
spoiled, and that in order to prevent it from
being spoiled the ordnance department must
go on manufacturing cartridges, so as to get
rid of the powder.
Mr. MORTON. The ordnance department
hag the power to go on manufacturing car-
tridges if they cannot sell this decaying and
dissolving powder without.
Mr. WILSON". It is their duty to do it.
Mr.,MORTON. And it.is their duty to do it
as prudent and economical officers. It would
be absurd for them to say we have got no
power to put this powder into cartridges, and
to sell it; but we must keep the powder until
it shall go to destruction. Such a construc-
tion was. never given to that statute before ;
and 1 undertake to say that it shows the des-
perate condition and straits into which the
Senator has been driven by his position on
this question.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will pardon
me once more reading over this report of the
Secretary of War, giving us the account of
sales made by the ordnance department, the
Senator will find dozens of items of powder
sold as powder, and of pig lead sold as pig
lead. As to the desperate condition in which
the Senator supposes me to be, I suppose that
desperate condition has so far shown itself
able to take care of itself.
Mr. MORTON. I did not mean that at all
disrespectfully to my friend, but I allude to
his position on this resolution. I am sure he
would not have resorted to what before a jus-
tice of the peace would be called a quibble if
he had stronger and broader ground to stand
upoh.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think we can let this case
rest just where it is.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, so
far as the operations of the ordnance depart-
ment are concerned, no single objection has
been or can be brought against it. They have
sold their surplus ammunition as powder where
they could, as pig lead where they could, and
yet they have sold but a small part of what
they had to dispose of. They have immense
quantities now on hand. They are anxious to
sell, and have been in the market ever since
July, 1865. It is a regular business. These
transactions have been by the thousand—not
a few sales; but you will find by looking over
the report that hundreds of sales are made
from year to year, and that it is an immense
business.
Mr. SCHURZ, I am sorry to refer to this
point once more; but the Senator has forgotten
to state one thing, and that is, that the manufac-
turing of cartridges did not take place for the .
purpose of getting rid of some old stores of .
power and pig lead, but because the cartridges
were asked for by one of those who wanted to
buy the rifles for the French Government. The
cartridges were made for a certain purpose,
for the purpose of a certain definite sale. The
Senator has hardly alluded to that circum-
stance. So that these cartridges hardly come
under the head of the refuse material which is
gotten rid of by manufacturing.
Mr. MORTON. That is the very point I have
been discussing. These men would not buy
the arms unless they had ammunition; they
would be useless to them. They would not
buy the ammunition unless they had the arms;
that would be useless. Therefore they said
to our Government, " We will take these rifles,
and we will take this ammunition if you put
it in a form" in which we can use it; we have
got no arsenal; we cannot put it up; we can-
not buy the simple powder aadlead as distinct
elements; but if you wiil furnish the arms and
the ammunition we will buy themand that
has been going on continually, and must ever
go on.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] suggests to me what is very true, that the
ammunition for these breech-loading guns is
fabricated by machinery. Mr. Richardson,
"the little country lawyer," had not the
machinery; Mr. Remington had not the ma-
chinery; Schuyler, Hartley & Graham had
not the machinery ; our Government had the
only machinery by which cartridges could be
made for these breech-loading rifles which it
was proposed to sell. Consequently to sell
the rifles we had to furnish the ammunition,
and we had the ammunition to sell just as well
as the rifles. Therefore it suited all around,
and there was no special purpose in it; and
when Mr. Remington wants to make the French
Government believe that it was a hard thing
to the get ammunition made, and that he had
finally got over the difficulty, he was stating a
simple absurdity; he was desiring to enhance
the value of his services. He first got five per
cent, on his purchases, and the Senator says
he afterward got two and a half per cent.;
but if he could have increased the immense
difficulties which he had to encounter in getting
the ammunition put up, he might have contin-
ued the per cent, at five instead of coming
down to two and a half.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator will remem-
ber that Mr. Remington's character as a gen-
tleman of very high tone is vouched for by the
very highest authority, and it can hardly be
supposed that he would resort to such mean
Mr. MORTON. That does not affect the
point at all. He was a business man, and I
suppose he knew how to advance the value of
his own services and to increase his percentage;
and he took occasion to say in that letter, if it
is his letter—we have no evidence that it is
his letter, but I will assume that it is—that
there were difficulties to get over, but he got
overthem. The inference is, "pay me well."
But, Mr. President, let us come back to the
question, why these complaints now about the
conduct of our Government? Prussia has
never entered a complaint. The Prussian
Government, with a full knowledge of all that
was going on, having a very intelligent and
able minister here, having an intelligent con-
sul in the city of New York, and knowing from
day to day just what was going on, the min-
ister within ten minutes' walk of the State
Department, never entered a complaint, never
presented a single objection. If the Prussian
Government had no complaint to make, I ask
why American Senators have complaints to
make? If they were not aggrieved, 1 ask who
is aggrieved? And I shall show by the remarks
of the Senator from Missouri that the Prussian
Government expressly refused to interpose a
single objection to the sale of this ammunition.
The Prussian Government could have bought
these arms just as well as others could. They
knew just how it was done; they knew any-
body had a right to come and bdy these arms
of this Government; that a private person had
a right to the best purchaser he could find,
whether it was the French, the Prussian, or
the Turkish Government, as it turns out that
large sales were made to the Turkish Govern-
ment and to various South American Govern-
ments. Houses in New York and Boston en-
gage in this business continually; they have
made it their business for years; they keep
cannon, they keep small-arms, they keep
ammunition on hand, as far as they can, to
meet any sudden demand that may arise in
any country. They expect always to buy these
arms at a small price, so that they can hold
them for one, two, three, or four years, and
still realize a profit upon them. Observe, they
neyer pay large prices for these arms. They
get them at a comparatively small price.
Sometimes they have to keep them for a long
time. Sometimes they know of an immediate
market. Where they know of an immediate
market they can afford to pay more for them.
But it is a legitimate and regular business
just as that of dealing in flour or any other
commodity, and it should excite no surprise
when a merchant or any man comes to the
War Department and says, "I want to buy
five, ten, or fifty thousand stand of arms."
Why, Mr. President, we were told by the
Senatorfrom Iowa,[Mr. Haul a.v]—I have not
been to the War Department to learn the fact—
that' the Prussian Minister, Baron Geroit,
called upon the Secretary of War, when a pub-
lie sale was had, and everybody could come
forward and buy, to ask him to postpone the
sale in order that Prussian agents might have
an opportunity of coining forward and buying
these arms. Here is what the Senator from
Missouri said yesterday :
"The Senator from Iowa called already oar atten-
tion to certain proceedings which passed between
the Prussian legation and the War Department. He
said that the Prussian minister had requested tho
Secretary of War to suspend the sales of arms for a
little while so that Prussian agents also might have
an opportunity to bid. The Secretary of War haying
communicated to me the same statement at the time,
or a short time after, I inquired of the Prussian
legation whether this was actually the case; and the
information I received was this: that indeed they
had requested the Secretary of War to suspend the
sales of arms for a certain time, but not with a view
to buy for the use of the Prussian Government,
which had arms enough, but in some way, by ad-
vancing money .upon them, to prevent the sale of
those arms to the French."
Now, according to the Senator from Mis-
souri, the proposition of the Prussian legation
here was that they would deposit money with
our Government iu some way to prevent the
sale of these arms, so that they should not go
into the hands of the French. Did the Sena-
tor know in making that statement in what an
awkward position he placed the legation here ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I think I had better make
that statement a little more fully. After I
made my remarks yesterday it occurred to me
myself that I had not explained the thing as
fully as I ought to have done. The circum-
stances as told me were these: that a New
York merchant, a dealer in arms, if I remem-
ber correctly, Mr. Boker, applied to Baron
Geroit for permission to make a hid on arms
to be sold; that Baron Geroit did not feci
authorized to give him that permission, and
telegraphed to his Government to obtain their
opinion about it, and that either the Govern-
ment positively refused to have anything to do
with it or did not answer at all. I see, as the
Senator from New York nods to me, that ho
is probably acquainted with tho same circum-
St&QC6S 
Mr. CONKLING. And also, if the Sena-
tor will allow me, acquainted with the circum-
stance that Boker & Co. is a German house
which did in truth buy'ordnanee stores for the
Prussian Government.
Mr. SCHURZ. That is not the case I
referred to. The case that I referred to oc-
curred when the first sales were made.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not refer to this
case. I only say, by way of identifying and
describing Boker & Co., that I understand
it to be a German house which did in truth
make bids for ordnance stores, some of which,
being the highest bids, were accepted, upon
which bids ordnance stores did pass to Boker
& Co., which it turned out afterward were
bought for and sent to the Prussian Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SCHURZ. Is the Senator from New
York quite sure of the correctness of what ho
now states ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not impugn his veracity,
but I suggest that he possibly may be mistaken,
Mr. CONKLING. In what regard?
Mr. SCHURZ. In regard to the Prussian
Government buying ordnance stores here. I
