THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Mr. SLOCUM., The gentleman dare not
say that a single musket has ever been made
there.
Mr. COBURN. I want my five minutes;
let the gentleman do his talking in his own
time. The object of these arsenals is not for
the manufactureof arms, and everybody knows
that; it is for the repair of arms, but mainly
to provide places lot the deposit of . arms.
When the war of the rebellion broke out there
were not arms enough in the State of Indiana
to arm a single regiment. All the a.rms were
in places where, they could be used to destroy
the Government. The great need and policy
of these various arsenals is not for the manu-
facture of arms, not even for the repair of
arms to any great extent, but in order to have
them as depositories of arms, where the men
who are called upon to defend the country can
obtain arms for that purpose. I would deplore
the day when these armories and arsenals
should all be broken up.
Mr. FARNSYVORTH. That is all well
enough. But every year we are called upon
to appropriate four or five thousand dollars
for each place to improve it and make new
works.
Mr. COBURN. If the property of the Gov-
ernment is getting out of repair it is nothing
more than the part of wisdom and good sense
to put.it, and keep it in repair. Now, what
man who has $200,000 invested in buildings,
fences, and grounds, does not expend upon
that property every year from one to three or
five thousand dollars? I know of no man who
can maintain buildings and grounds of that
value without some expense. This is not an
unreasonable sum. It is nothing more than
common sense to make an appropriation to
take care of this property and keep it m good
condition.
Mr. SLOCUM. Will the gentleman go for
selling this arsenal?
Mr. COBURN. I will not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations not long since moved an
appropriation of $4,000 for this arsenal, but
the Committee of the Whole would not agree
to it. Now the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Coburk] moves an amendment appropriating
$5,000 for some work that he says has already
been done on this arsenal.
Mr. SLOCUM. What is the work?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. New roadways
and roads through the arsenal.
Mr. COBURN. No; outside of the arsenal.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now, if any
such appropriation as that is needed, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations would have heard
of it in connection with the deficiency bill;
but we did not hear of it then. Last year
$21,000 was given to this Indianapolis arsenal.
This year $9,000 was estimated for in two
items.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is for no public pur-
pose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only say
that $21,000 was appropropriat.ed last year,
and I have no reason to believe that all that
sum has yet been expended. The year has
not yet ended, and if any debt is due for roads
outside of this arsenal or in it, I have no doubt
that $21,000 will be sufficient to pay it.
This year two items weie estimated for,
$5,000 for making roads, improving the
grounds, and for roadways, which I took to
mean the ornamentation of the grounds by
making walks and drives. The Committee
on Appropriations were unwilling to expend
any more mouey for decorating these arsenals.
We recommended the second item of $4,000
for care of the grounds, but the Committee
of the Whole has refused to agree to it, prob-
ably in compliment to the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Holman,] who takes exalted views
of public matters of this sort. But now, when
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr.,Coburn] asks us to put in $6,000
for the decoration of the grounds of this
arsenal, after the Committee of the Whole has
refused to put in an appropriation to take
care of the public buildings, to repair them
and keep them in order, I hope the committee
will vote down the amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I do not ask for anything
of the kind. The object of my amendment is
for repairs of the building and fences ; just
exactly what the gentleman proposed in his
amendment, with the addition of paying for
ro&d>8
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For roads and
decorations.
Mr. COBURN. For roads outside; for
roads, not for roadways.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Cobukx ; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I move to insert $4,000
for care and repair of buildings and grounds.
Mr. COX. Before the vote is taken I would
like to understand if there is anything in con-
nection with the decoration of these grounds
that requires the expenditure of $4,000? .
Mr. DICKEY. Nothing at all.
Mr. COX. Why is it that Columbus gets
only $950, and it is proposed to give Indian-
apolis $4,000?
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose a
point of order would lie against the amend-
ment, as the same proposition has already been
objected to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cohcrn, it was not agreed to, there
being—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
PikosvilJe arsenal, Pikesville, Maryland: for re-
pairing public buildings, fences and grounds, $200.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move to strike out the
clause just read. This arsenal is a very small
affair and useless to the Government. It ought
to be discontinued.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
St. Louis arsenal, Missouri: for purchaso of new
boiler for steam-engine at water-works, $1,000; for
general repairs of public buildings and inclosing
fences, Jefferson barracks, Missouri, $2,000; in all,
$3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the grounds already
stated, I move to strike out the paragraph just
read.
The motion was not agreed to, '.here being—
ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Watcrvliet arsenal, West Troy, New York: for
repairing public buildings, $2,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
clause just read.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Watertown arsenal, Watertown, Massachusetts:
for ropstlrd of roofs and painting buildings and
fences, $5,000; for repairing and painting officers'
unarters, and renewing lurnaces and water-closets,
$3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read. This is a case which
presents strongly the question in regard to the
discontinuance of these arsenals. At Spring-
field, Massachusetts, not far from the arsenal
named in the pending paragraph, there is an
arsenal which it is agreed is to be a perma-
nent establishment. I think the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations must see that
if we are ever to begin retrenchment here is a
suitable place to commence. This arsenal is
almost under the shadow of the Springfield
arsenal.
Mr. BANKS. There is no reason for strik-
ing out this appropriation that would not
apply to every other arsenal in the country.
This is one of the best appointed of our arse-
nals ; it has been of the greatest service in
years past, and unless the Government intends
to abandon every kind of defense, this arsenal
building ought to be kept in repair. Even if
the Government contemplated selling the
property, it still ought to be. kept in repair in
Order to prevent further injury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This case does
not come strictly under the rule to which the
gentleman has alluded. At the Watertown
arsenal a very large work in the way of repair-
ing arms is done, and done continually. The
time wilt come, I doubt not, when the Water-
town arsenal ought to be abandoned ; but so
long as work is actually going on there as it
is now, in the repair of arms, the committee
thought it only reasonable and just that appro-
priations should "be made to maintain the
arsenal.
Mr. BANKS. Besides that, it is but a year
or two since, upon the recommendation of the
War Department, after a thorough examina-
tion of the whole question, a large addition
was made to the grounds of this arsenal. To
refuse now to repair the buildings when we
have made such an acquisition to the grounds
is an absurdity of which I think this committee
will not be guilty.
Mr. HOLMAN. This $8,000 is but a small
portion of the appropriations for the support
of this arsenal. Now, would it not be. a great
economy to the Government in connection
with the manufacture and repair of arms, and
especially as to the personnel of the officers
who are to superintend this work, if the whole
business were concentrated at one arsenal—say
Charleatown ?
Mr. BANKS. It certainly would not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not?
Mr. BANKS. Such a measure would not
at all advance the interests of the Government
in point of economy, because the necessary
increase of buildings and machinery would
cost much more than could be realized from
the sale of this arsenal. It is the old question
which has been tried hundreds and thousands
of times by every town and city and State, and
by almost every university or other public in-
stitution. These corporations or institutions
not needing a particular piece of land at a
particular moment, have conceived that they
would never need it, and therefore have sold
it; but afterward they have been obliged to
buy back the same property, or to purchase
other property for the same purpose at one
hundred, two hundred, or three hundred fold
what they had realized by the saie.
Mr. SLOCUM. If the Government would
sell this property, why should it ever buy it
back again?
Mr. BANKS. For the same purpose.
Mr. SLOCUM. What for?
Mr. BANKS. For the purpose for which
it was first purchased.
Mr. SLOCUM. Take the appropriations
made to this single' arsenal in the past three
years and you will find for every single arm
repaired there, for they only repair arms there
and none are manufactured, you can buy a
hundred new arms for what it has cost the
Government for each one that has been re-
paired in that arsenal.
Mr. BANKS. I admit what the gentleman
states; but when he says that, he is arguing
against the Government of the United States.
But why does he not carry the argument fur-
ther ? Why does he not abolish the Navy, abolish
the Army, abolish the Academy at West Point;
for it is assuredly true we could go out and
hire a hundred men for what one man has cost
the Government, and perhaps better men?
Let him abolish the Government of the United
States and take from the people the protec-
tion of all the institutions of Government,
because we can get some Englishman or Dutch-
man to discharge the same duties at so much
per day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr." SLOCUM. Mr. Chairman, I should
like to know why the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts did not extend his theory, why he
would not have boots and shoes manufactured
the same as arms? Why not have boots and
shoes manufactured by the Government the
