120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42t> Cono....2d Sess.
speculation in good faith for the German Gov-
ernment, but that Government having declined
this purchase, sold them to the French Gov-
ernment, or to other parties who did sell them
to the French Government, as has been stated
by the Senator from Missouri in a former
debate.
For these reasons, thus briefly assigned, I
hope, Mr. President, that the resolution which
I have offered to the Senate may be adopted.
I believe that it sets forth the truth in this
matter, and if these are the true facts, why
should we not adopt it? Shall we go on to
appoint an investigating committee simply to
take up the evidence that has been presented
here, that has been examined by the Senate of
the United States, and who have determined
in advance as to the gnilt, or innocence of
these parties? It seems to me that it is very
clear that it is our duty now to put a stop to
this investigation, and to declare, as in my reso-
lution, that the true facts are as set forth in
that preamble and the resolution.
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. CARPENTER,
or "Wisconsin,
is the Senate of the United States,
February 29, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution submitted by Mr. Sumner on the 12th of Feb-
ruary, relative to alleged sales of arms to Preach
Mr. CARPENTER said:
Mr. President: It is the practice in the
courts of law, wheu a complaint is made against
any citizen for a wrongful act, first to test the
sufficiency of the complaint by what is termed
a demurrer, by which the question of law em-
braced in .the complaint is first to be settled
by the court, conceding the facts to be as they
are claimed by the plaintiff. In this proceed-
ing the friends of the Administration havenot
thought this a proper course to pursue. The
difference between the two cases is very mani-
fest. In a court of law the proceeding is had
in good faith; it is had for the purpose of ascer-
taining the truth, and with the design to admin-
ister impartial justice to all persons concerned.
There is, therefore, no danger of being misrep-
resented by first stopping to consider whether
the plaintiff has made out a case upon hi3 own
statement of facts, or to test, in other words,
its sufficiency as matter of law.
Had the friends of the Administration de-
murred to this resolution it would have been
heralded all over the country that they dared
not meet the questions of fact involved in it.
A different course had therefore to be take:!,
and the friends of the Adminis'ration having
joined issue upon this resolution, have been
trying that issue for the last two weeks. It is
safe to say that every question of fact raised
by the preamble of the resolution now before
the Senate has been conclusively settled against
the theory of the resolution itself. And any
lawyer who would take this case before a jury
in a court of law for the purpose of settling
the questions of fact involved in it, and could
not obtain twenty verdicts of acquittal in suc-
cession, ought to be hanged as an imposter.
[Laughter.] I therefore hope it is safe at this
point to raise the question of law involved in
this preamble, and which has been, to some
extent, presented by the Seuator from Massa-
chusetts.
Politics, Mr. President, is one of the
strangest _ subjects that ever perplexed the
human mind. When politics comes in reason
and justice go out. We see it illustrated to-
day on both sides of the water. In regard to
the Alabama treaty, the Tories in Parliament,
being desirous of bringing on a ministerial
crisis, complain against the ministry for hav-
ing concluded a treaty which puts England,
bound hand and foot, in the power of America.
Mr. Gladstone, not to be outdone in seeking
popular favor, rushes to the forefront and
pronounces the Alabama case (I will not try
to quote his language, but in substance) a
swindle, thus forced by his political necessities
into using language which certainly no premier
in England would use except under the stress
of political necessity.
Now, what have we here? A presidential
campaign is just opening; a Chief Magistrate
is to be elected, who, in his department, is to
guide public affairs for the next four years. A
question is sprung here based upon a state of
facts which has been known to the Senators
moving it for a year or two, but which has
never been complained of before.
Mr. SUMNER. Not to me until within a
few weeks. I never knew of it before.
Mr. CARPENTER. Before Christmas or
before December, I believe, the statement was
that the honorable Senator had the informa-
tion. At all events, the facts asthey are have
been known or might have been ascertained
by any one who had examined the published
reports of the Departments, touching the sub-
ject, during the last two years. There has
been no concealment about this business, no
attempt to cover it up. Everything that has
been done has been done by the executive
officers of the Government in execution of
the laws of Congress, and just what they have
done has been spread before the country in the
regular official leports of those Departments.
But now, just in the nick of time, now, just
when the public mind is being turned to this
presidential canvass, this question supersedes
all others, puts aside all the business of the
session, and is forced here upon the attention
of the Senate and upon the attention of the
country.
Mr. President, there are situations in which
we sometimes find men where Christian charity
compels us to charge them with a venial fault
as the only means of exculpating them from
crime. One of two things is certain: the
Senators who have moved and promoted this
inquiry—it is a misnomer to call it an inquiry;
it is an assault upon the Administration ; that
was the intention of it; that has been the effect;
that has been the form it has assumed—these
Senators must either believe that there is no
foundation whatever for this proposition ; they
must either believe that our Government has
not violated its neutral duties, and that it will
come out of the investigation without the smell
of fire upon its garments, and therefore have
introduced this resolution as mere political
clap-trap for party purposes, or they must
believe that our Government has violated its
neutral duties, and they are now taking up
the clubs for a foreign nation and brandishing
them over our own native land. That would
be not merely to lack patriotism, but very
near treason. It would possess all the moral
or immoral elements of treason, although it
might not come within the legal definition.
Therefore, sir, Christian charity compels me
to say that these Senators do not believe that
this charge has the slightest foundation in fact;
and thus, and only thus, can they be acquitted
of a far more serious charge.
Why, sir, consider for a moment, see what
would be the result. Suppose this investiga-
tion to go on, and it should turn out that we
had violated our neutral duties and given
Prussia cause of war, what would follow?
The least thing these Senators could do would
be to move an apology to Prussia. Without
stopping to consider the humiliation of our
voluntarily prostrating ourselves before a for-
eigu Power by an apology when that. Power has
made no complaint whatever, and by its prin-
cipal home officers says our conduct was en-
tirely legal, suppose that when the Senators
have brought the Senate of the United States
or the Congress of the United States up to the
point of apologizing, Prussia should then enter
into the joke and say that she would not re-
ceive an apology ; that if we had violated the
law of nations we must answer for it under the
law of nations? Then those Senators in the
interest of peace would have to offer an arbi-
tration to Prussia. Suppose Prussia should
decline an arbitration and should say to the
United States, " We did not know you had
violated the law of nations ; we did not know
you had wronged us; we did not know you
were guilty of this great offense ; but you have
brought it to our notice, absolutely forced it
upon our attention ; you have made it our duty
as a nation to vindicate our honor; our
wounded honoris not to be healed with dollars
and cents ; we were in the struggle with France,
and your intervention, which you confess pro-
longed that struggle, increased our expenses,
shed the blood of Prussians all over the soil
of France; now you must submit to what we
dictate or you must fight ? " It strikes me this
would not be a very unreasonable thing for
Prussia to do under such circumstances. Let
me ask these honorable Senators in what atti-
tude they would be, asking the Senate to vote
supplies of men and money to prosecute a war
which they had in advance declared was just on
the part of Prussia against the United States?
So I repeat the assertion, and I say it is
my duty as a Christian, it is my duty in obe-
dience to the great golden rule of doing to
them as I would have them do to me, to con-
clude that they believe this charge to be as
baseless as a dream ; that it is brought for-
ward here for mere political, partisan effect;
brought to stab an administration, when they
believe themselves that on the investigation
our Government will stand clear of blame and
be in no danger of being called to account by
a foreign Power.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schcrz]
the other day, in remarks submitted to the Sen-
ate, observed that Mr. Bright and other mem-
bers of Parliament who raised their voices
against the course pursued by England in re-
gard to permitting the Alabama and other ships
of war to sail from their ports, were the true
patriots of that Parliament. Very likely ; but
note the difference between their case and the
case of the Senator from Missouri. Mr. Bright
was raising his voice to prevent a meditated
wrong. He was doing his duty inside the Par-
liament of England, raising his voice to guide
public affairs, as it was his duty to do. But
after the Alabama had sailed, after she had
preyed upon our commerce for months and
years, and we were talking about compensation
in some form, if Mr. Bright has moved any
committees of investigation in Parliament for
the purpose of putting on record evidence of
the facts against England, showing the extent
of the depredations committed by this cruiser,
I have not seen it. I do not profess to be a
very attentive reader of the literature of other
nations, and I may have overlooked that; but
I do not believe Mr. Bright has done any-
thing of the kind. His raising his voice in
advance to prevent a wrong, and the Senator
from Missouii raising his voice, if a wrong
has been committed, long after it is too late
to correct it, are very difFerent cases.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin just permit me?
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, let mo
say to my friend from Missouri that I am labor-
ing to-day under very great physical weakness
and exhaustion, standing on one foot because
the other is useless, and an interruption would
only protract what I have to say, and I desire
to conclude as soon as possible, after which I
will listen to him attentively for three days, as
I have for two or three already.
