1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
try that there were Senators here who were de-
sirous of avoiding investigation upon the ground
that the Administration could not stand invest-
igation.
I for one feel that that insinuation, whether
made directly or indirectly, is unjust, and that
those who have appeared to make it have not
done themselves justice and have not given
themselves credit before the country. 1 im-
pute nothing to the motives of any Senator;
I never do that. I never impugn the sin-
cerity or the patriotism of any Senator ; but
the attempt that has been made in the course
of this discussion to cast suspicion upon the
majority of this body in my opinion is most
unjust. It is without evidence to justify it,
and if it is to have any effect it will be on
those who made it.
The Senator from Massachusetts remarked
in the opening of this discussion to day that
there was no person appointed on this com-
mittee who had voted for investigation in its
strongest form ; I believe I use bis language.
Now, I would like to know, and I would like
to have that Senator state before I go any fur-
ther, what foundation there is in any vote
which has been taken in this body that justi-
fies that remark.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish a
reply now ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, I wish a reply.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean that there is no
Senator on the committee, according to my
knowledge, who has sustained by speech or
vote the motion of the Senator from Illinois
who began this appeal for investigation. The
Senator from Illinois is not on the committee,
and none of those who were associated with
him in urging that important investigation.
Mr. MORTON. 1 so understood the Sen-
ator; but I wanted to have it distinctly stated
that he meant that those who voted for the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois were
considered as voting for investigation in the
strongest, form, and that those who did not so
vote did not vote for investigation in the strong-
est form, or rather voted against it.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to call the
attention of the Senate to what I did once be-
fore, that, under the resolution-of the Senator
fiom Illinois, no authority would be conferred
upon the committee to investigate a single
fraud. I make that statement now, and I think
the Senator from Illinois himself will hardly
controvert it. I think he hasacceptcd that as
being the true construction of his resolution,
that that resolution as he first offered it, and
as he now offers it, does not empowerthe com-
mittee to investigate any fraud.
Now, what has been said during the course
of this discussion? It has been said that there
were great frauds committed in the Adminis-
tration ; 'that there was rottenness ; that there
was corruption; that this should be ferreted
out, and the criminals should be brought to
light; and it has been said that this would be
brought about by the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. I say now that that res-
olution has been sailing here under false colors
from beginning to end ; that it contains no
authority to investigate frauds, and it is not
the first time that attention has been called to
that tact; and yet, because it did not meet
with the judgment of the msjoiity in the be-
ginning to support that resolution, it has been
heralded throughout the country that they
were disposed to cover up fraud, and that has
been the broad intimation in this Senate to
day. Now, I propose to examine that resolu-
tion. and I will challenge the Senator when I
am through to coutroveit, the position I take
in regard to il. The resolution of the Senator
from Illinois was to rai^e a joint Committee
on Retrenchment. That was t,he name of it:
Resolved htj the S":v'e, !! il':. Hume of Kepri-sent-
;t n v'o.-' concurring,) Til at .1.1 :>int so) eet Coun.iiltec on
Ketrenclmient, consisting of four members of the
Senate aud seven members of the liouse, be ap-
pointed by the Presiding Officers ot tnc Ufo Houses,
and that said committee bo instructed to inquire
into the expenditures in all branches of the service
of the United States, and to report whether any and
what offices ought to be abolished.
Is there any squinting toward an investi-
gation of fraud in that branch of this reso-
lution? It is called a Committee on Retrench-
ment. What does retrenchment mean? Re-
trenchment of the expenses of the Govern-
ment meaus to diminish them. It does not
ever refer to frauds, but it refers to the aboli-
tion of offices or to the diminution of expenses ;
it refers to an alteration of the law or habits
of the Government in regard to business. Can
it be pretended that under that branch of this
resolution there is any authority to investigate
a fraud? Thenextis, " whether any and what
salaries or allowances ought to be reduced."
That is not an investigation of fraud. That
is an investigation of law in connection with
the nature of the business. " What salaries
or allowances ought to be reduced." Will it
be claimed that under that branch of the reso-
lution the committee will have power to investi-
gate the general-order business as a matter of
fraud, or to investigate the Chorpenning claim
as a matter of fraud? It does not even look
to it by indirection. What is the next? "What
are the methods of procuring accountability in
public officers or agents in the care aud dis-
bursement of public moneys."
That is simply an examination of the laws
under which the business is done. The inquiry
is as to what is the method of accountability.
It makes no reference to the perpetration of
frauds, makes no reference to plunderings, but
is simply a question of law in connection with
the business of the Government. Can it be
supposed for a single moment that, that con-
templates the investigation of frauds?
Again:
"Whether moneys have been paid out illegally."
It has been claimed heretofore that money
has been paid out after theapproprialions have
been exhausted, and that there have been public
expenditures made in the course of administra-
tion that were not authorized by law. This is
intended to reach that evil, if there be such an
evil. It does not, even by intendment or indi-
rection, look to the question of frauds on the
part of a bank examiner, on the part of a pay-
master, or on the part of a clerk in the Treas-
ury Department. It is a question of law, to
be determined by an examination of the law.
What is the next?
" Whether any officers, or agents, or other persons,
have been or are employed in the public service
without authority of law or unnecessarily."
That does not even squint, at an examination
for fraud ; hut, are there persons employed with-
out, authority of law: are there supernumera-
ries—a question to be determined by looking
at the law and by looking at the number of
persons employed, and the purposes for which
they are employed.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr PATTERSON. I ask the Senator if it
would not be a case of fraud if a person was
employed illegally by any branch of the Gov-
ernment, and the public money disbursed to
pay that individual for such illegal employ-
ment ?
Mr. MORTON. There might be a case of
fraud of that kind; but what I mean to say
is that this resolution does not look to the
investigation of fraud, but looks to the examin-
ation of the business of the Departments.
Mr. PATTERSON. Now. I will ask my
, friend, as he admits that the resolution covers
i that case of fraud, if it is not necessary that
s the committee should have power to send for
| persons and papers in order to ferret out that
i kind of fraud? At any rate, I will say that the
| Committee on Retrenchment, from the moment
i of its inception under the chairmanship of the
' disiingmshed Senator from Vermont, so inter-
preted their powers.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; it may be that
it might be necessary to send for persons and
papers to find out whether persons have been
illegally employed; but I undertake to say
that whenever the committee assumed a gen-
eral jurisdiction to investigate frauds under
the pretense of finding out whether persona
have been illegally employed it was a usurpa-
tion. I am not meaning to say that the com-
mittee did investigate under that head.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will explain to my
friend. Take a single illustration. It was
reported that persons were paid, for instance,
in the custom-house at New York who never
did any work, and that money was disbursed
to those individuals as though they were em-
ployed. I do not state that such was the fact,
but I simply say that it was so alleged. Now,
we had to send for persons and papers in order
to discover whether that wae the fact.
Mr. MORTON. I am not objecting to that
criticism. An examination as to whether per-
sons are employed illegally is a proper subject
of inquiry, under this resolution ; but what I
mean to say is that that confers no power to
go into the investigation of frauds such as it
has been charged we are trying to cover up,
and that the whole pretense upon that subject
is false from beginning to end ; not that it has
been made in any spirit of that sort, but there
is no foundation for it in point of fact. Now
I come to the next branch—
And generally how and to what extent the ex-
penses of the service of the country may and ought
to be curtailed.
Does that look to the investigation of particu-
lar cases of fraud, such as the Hodge defalca-
tion? It instructs the committee to inquire
how the general expenses of this Government
can be reduced, where they can be lopped off
here and lopped off there, and does not con-
template or look to investigations of particu-
lar cases of fraud where a man was holding
office properly but, availed himself of that office
to commit a fraud.
I have now read all there is of this resolution
except, the matter of civil service reform, and I
shall come to that in a moment. Now, I want to
call the attention of my friend from Massachu-
setts to the fact when he imputes to this Senate
a purpose to cover up fraud because they did
not vote for that resolution, that that resolu-
tion does not on its face contemplate the exam-
ination of fraud at all.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator attributes to
me language which never has fallen lrom my
lips. My comment on the appointment of the
committee was that it was not parliamentary.
I have said nothing about frauds; the word
has not fallen from my lips.
Mr. MORTON. I may, perhaps, in my
memory have attributed to the Senator iemarks
that fell from others.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is arguing
against a shadow that lie has set up.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator disclaims
that, it is all right; but certainly it has been
said, time aud again, during the course of this
debate, that the country would understand
(and gentlemen seemed to desire to have the
country understand) that, because that reso-
lution was not voted for it was to prevent the
examination of fraud ; and yet when you come
to the resolution you find that there js no
authority there to examine for frauds. Nearly
all of the questions submitted by this reso-
lution are questions of law to be determined
by an examination of the law-books and by
the records of the Departments. That which
comes nearest to it is the matter to which the
Senator from New Hampshire called my atten-
tion, the examination as to whether persons
have been illegally employed, aud that does
not contemplate an examination beyond the
fact whether there are persons upon the roll
of any office who have no autlioiity to bethere.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the next
branch of this resolution :
And also to consider the expediency of 30 amend-
ing thelaws under which appointments totheDubiio
service are now made as to provide for the selection
