1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
Mr. President, there is another fact which
claims attention in this connection. Not a
Democrat in this Chamber has raised his
voice. The old animosity that has existed
between the Democratic party and the Repub-
lican party ever since 1861, which has at times
been very bitter, leading to personalities and
all sorts of schemes on each side to get advan-
tage of the other, this ordinary antagonism of
party has not brought a single Democrat to
his feet. It is said that the Democrats prefer
to keep out of this debate and let Republicans
quarrel among themselves. It is said that we
are doing their work far better than they could
do it themselves. It is said that my honorable
friend from Ohio, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Thurman,] is too sagacious a leader to come
forward and mix in this debate while Repub-
licans are damaging the Administration a
great deal more than he could. Now, sir, I
always prefer to assign a creditable motive
for a man's conduct when I can; and if I can
think of any motive which these Democrats
may have more creditable than the one which
has been assigned to them, I will assign that,
because I announced in advance that I was
going through the little I have to say on this
subject in a spirit of enlarged Christian charity.
Mr. President, the Democratic party is not
new to this country. There are many things
in its history of which our country may boast.
When the war of 1861 came upon us, had it
been a foreign war, that party would not have
faltered a moment in the full vindication of
our national rights. But the Democratic party
had been so involved with the interests of
slavery, so committed to the State pretensions
falsely called State rights, the majority of its
members residing in slave States, that when
the war came, and on one side the United
States called for their support, sympathy for
those States in which their strength was found,
and all those associations and party ties which
bind men so strongly in politics, were drawing
them in another direction. The Democratic
party was in much the same predicament that
a humorous writer says Brigham Young was
with his thirty wives: his affections were
almightily perplexed. [Laughter.] That was
the unfortunate situation of the Democratic
party, and in that great crisis it failed of its
duty, dishonored its renown, and lowered to a
domestic foe the flag it had always borne so
high in the face of foreign nations.
But, Mr. President, it is always agreeable
to give credit where credit is due; and therefore
I desire to pay my respects to the old Demo-
cratic party, of which 1 was a member just as
long as I thought I could be innocently, and
naturally have some of those kindly feelings
for it which I suppose warm the heart of a
foreigner, even after he is naturalized in our
country, when thinking of his native land,
It is a fact, that the greenest laurels ever
worn by the Democratic party were won in
conducting our foreign relations. It is true
that they always held a clear light to the front
when a foreign nation made question of our
proceedings. Go back to the days of Jack-
son, and suppose three or four administration
Senators rising in their places to make an
assault upon him in the interest of France,
while, he was saying that France must either
pay or fight. That, great institution called
"the Globe" would have been set in motion
with a keener edge and a far more fatal effect,
than ever the guillotine fell upon the head of
a traitor in France.
In 1856, when the old Whig party disbanded,
and many of its best men were doubtful as to
their duty, llul'us Choate, the most eminent
of the living citizens of Massachusetts—Web-
ster was sleeping at Marshlield—after much hes-
itation, finally determined to act with the De-
mocratic party iu that emergency. Mr. Choate
had been a member of this body; he stood at
the head of the legal profession in his native
State, and had no superior at any bar, Eng-
lish or American. As an advocate he had no
peer. In this department of his profession I
do not believe his equal ever lived. A mass
of uninteresting facts, the tedious details of the
dry est subject, touched by his magic wand, stood
forth to the quickened apprehension of court
or jury with the beauty and freshness of spring;
and his nervous oratory and magnetic eloquence
moved the tenderest emotions and strongest
passions of men as the wind sways the forest.
With international and municipal law, and
especially with American constitutional law,
he was entirely familiar. He was full of learn-
ing, but not incumbered by it, for the details
of his knowledge were not attached to him
like merchandise strapped to a dromedary,
but were digested, assimilated, made part of
himself by the fusing power of his transcend-
ent genius. He was a great man every way.
His noble nature, fitted to walk with assured
steps in the highest fields of statesmanship,
scorned the low tricks and dirty devices of
politics; a lover of his country, not merely
from the blind instinctive affection which all
men feel for their native land, but from a wise,
appreciative admiration of the character of
free institutions and their necessity to the well-
being and progress of mankind, and believing
that the one indispensable duty of every Amer-
ican, a duty rising above all others, was the
preservation of the Union; and believing,
moreover, that the peril of that hour was the
danger of dissolution of the Union, he hesi-
tated long in painful deliberation where he
should go, what' he could do to avert the
threatened incalculable disaster. He was in
broken health and in melancholy mood. In
the formation of a new party, which at first
must be geographical, he saw nothing but
evil. In the bright hopes with which other
men hailed the advent of a new party, hopes
that have since been more than realized, he
did not participate. And with gloomy fore-
bodings, looking about him- for those associa-
tions which in his opinion would enable him
to do most good in that crisis, he determined
to act for the time with the Democratic party.
And he has left us the reason that finally
detemined his course.
In his speech at Lowell, in the autumn of
1856, and during the presidential canvass of
that year, referring to the Democratic party,
and after saying that he had alfrays been a
Whig, and as such had always opposed the
domestic policy of the Democratic party, he
said:
"There was never an election contest that in de-
nouncing the particulars of its policy I did not
admit thatthecharactenstic of the Democratic party
was this: that it had burned ever with that great
master-passion this hour demands—a youthful .vehe-
ment,exultant, and progressive nationality. Through
some errors, into some perils, it has been led by it;
it may be so again; we may require to temper and
restrain it, but to-day we need it all, we need it all!—
the hopes, the boasts, the pride, the universal toler-
ence, the gay and festive defiance of foreign dictation,
the flag, the music, all the emotions, all the traits, all
the energies, that have won their victories of war
and their miracles of national advancement—the
country needs them all now to win a victory of
peace. That done, I will pass again, happy and
content, into that minority of conservatism in which
I have passed my life."
Assuming, as I do, that this great impas-
sioned orator did no more than justice to the
Democratic party in regard to its intense Ameri-
can feeling, its partisanship for own country as
against other nations, it is not difficult to un-
derstand that the Democrats in this Chamber,
though willing to see the Republican party
torn asunder by internal dissensions, though
beholding with pleasure the assault now being
made by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Summer] and the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schukz] upon a Republican Administration,
would nevertheless scorn to become a party
to an assault which would compel them to
take sides with another Government against
our own. They will doubtless circulate the
speeches of these attacking Senators, but
they will make no such speeches themselves.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
mer] yesterday, after having disposed of all
that had been said by Administration Sena-
tors on the subject,by pronouncing it "mere
words," says: "Now let us put words aside
and come to things;" and then the Senator
took up his written speech and proceeded to
deliver it. Coming to the pretended facts of
the case, he says:
"The case naturally opens with the resolution of
the committee of the French Assembly."
Yes, sir, the case naturally opened in France.
And it is to be regretted that propriety had not
been observed, and the case been permitted to
close in France. It is a humiliating spectacle,
an American Senate made the forum for pre-
senting complaints against our own country in
favor of a foreign nation which has itself made
no complaint. It is certainly gratifying to the
friends of the Administration that its oppo-
nents are driven to take grounds in favor of
other nations against our own; there is little
danger that an opposition so unpatriotic will
find favor with the people.
There was another remark of the Senator
from Massachusetts yesterday to which I must
refer. He is answering Senators who have
ventured to defend our country, and he does
it in this graphic and authoritative manner :
"The objection of Senators is too much like the
old heathen cry, ' Our country, right or wrong.'
Unhappy words, which dethrone God and exalt the
Devil."
Mr. President, if any man be authorized to
say ex cathedra what will dethrone goodness
and exalt evil, certainly a Senator who has
for two years been engaged in devising ways
and means, been employing his time, energies,
and ability to overthrow a good Republican
administration, even at the hazard of seeing
it succeeded by a Democratic administration,
that Senator is authorized to speak to that
point. It is in keeping with this proceeding,
which is designed to dishonor a great modern
military chieftain, that it should be supported
by theories, illustrations, and arguments which
strike down the fair fame of a great naval
commander long since in his grave.
Mr. President, the name and fame of Stephen
Decatur are a glorious part of our national
inheritance. His exploits upon the sea in the
infancy of the Republic were familiar to school-
boys in New England forty years ago; they
were told in our school-books; the ships of
war he had commanded were pictured on the
pages ; we saw the ships sailing, and the old
flag at the mast-head; and the name of De-
catur was repeated by fathers anxious to nour-
ish the patriotism and stimulate the ambition
of their sons. He has long since gone to bis
reward, but bis memory is embalmed in the
heart of the nation. And yet, sir, we have
lived to hear a New England Senator, in mak-
ing an assault upon General Grant, declare
with impartial injustice that Stephen Decatur
was an old heathen.
Let me read this passage of the Senator's
speech again, and examine the justice of its
bitter but unfounded denunciation :
" The objection of Senators is too much like the
old heathen cry, ' Our country, right or wrong.'
Unhappy words, which dethrone God and exalt the
Devil."
] t is barely possible that the patriotic phrase,
"Our couutry, right or wrong," may have
inspired some unpleasant reflections in that
Senator's mind. I can easily imagine that if
I were making an effort in this body, pro-
tracted through weeks, to put my couutry in
the wrong and subject her to the just censure
of the world, I should not sleep quite so
soundly after this phrase had been rung in
my ears. But I think I would not comfort
