1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2861
tion? Is it simply to deplete the Treasury?
Is payment of the debt an evil? Would not
every citizen rejoice at its diminution if
accomplished without taxation? Is not the
demand for redaction universal, because it
is known and felt that the duties are a tax
upon consumers? If foreign producers pay
the duties, as some protectionists claim, why
reduce them ? The bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means does not make as
heavy reductions as some perhaps may desire.
They have, perhaps, followed too closely the rec-
ommendations of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as to the amount that should be taken from
tariff duties. The reductions proposed in the
bill would, on last year's importations, lessen
the customs revenue nearly twenty million
dollars.
It seemed to the committee wise to apply
the reduction by a judicious and intelligent
revision of the rates of duties on leading arti-
cles in general use. They desired to leave
the duties upon such articles as were revised
at rates satisfactory to the country, and at
the same time consistent with the business
prosperity of the industries affected. Stabil-
ity is as essential to the manufacturer as rates
of duties, and the committee hoped that such
reasonable reductions would be secured as
would relieve such manufacturers from the
agitation of proposed changes by the next
Congress. They commenced with salt, coal,
leather, iron, steel, lumber, cotton, and wool-
ens, making some changes in chemicals, and
prepared a free list which embraced a number
of articles from which very slight revenue had
been collected.
The duty upon salt during the war was twice
largely increased. The commitree have reduced
it to Ipss than half the present rates. Upon
manufactured articles the committee could
have adopted the method proposed in the
Senate bill and preferred by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, scale down duties a given
per cent. But this would have been a con-
fession of unwillingness or incapacity to adjust
to a proper standard rates out of proportion
or exorbitantly high.
per cent. reduction.
On some classes present duties range above
one hundred per cent., while others are only
twenty or thirty, in the one ca«e the duty now
prohibitory would be still prohibitory ifredueed
ten per cent., and in the other, the lowest ra'os,
already perhaps too low, would be further
reduced. Would not the committee deserv-
edly have become the derision of the House
and the country had it stultified itself with a
report that, alter daily sessions and protract-
ed hearings for over four months, it was inca-
pable of making an intelligent revision or
readjustment of duties upon a few leading
articles? Well might the Senate assume 10
itself' the initiation of revenue measures, if
the House committee, organized solely to con-
sider such subjects, confessed its utter inca-
pacity. It would be idle for the House to
insist upon a constitutional prerogative which
its leading committee, or the House itself,
acknowledged its inability to exercise.
cottons.
In the adjustment of the tariff in 1864, the
specific rates on the cheaper grades of cotton
were advanced from one, two, three, and four
cents per square yard, according to fineness, to
five cents a square yard, and the more expen-
sive cottons from thirty per cent, ad valorem
to thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, this latter
being intended as the highest rate of duty.
With the decline in value the specific rate
became higher than the thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem, and now ranges from fifty to
sixty per cent. Raw cotton, both domestic
and imported, was taxed five cent per pound,
and was worth from sixty cents to a dollar a
pound. Cheap cotton cloths were worth from
twenty to twenty five cents per square yard,
and a duty of five cents per square yard
amounted only to an equivalent ad valorem
of twenty to twenty-five per cent., and those
rates were considered sufficiently protective.
Upon the more expensive goods, unbleached,
valued at sixteen cents a squareyard, bleached
at twenty, and printed, colored, stained, or
painted, at twenty-five, the higher rates of
duties were imposed at thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem,. The subsequent decline in the
price of cotton, and consequently of cotton
goods, bringing flown the cheap fabrics to ten
centsper square yard, brings the same specific
duty to an ad valorem, of forty-five to fifty per
cent., making the duties upon cheap goods
prohibitory and largely increasing their cost to
the poorer and naiddle classes who chiefly use
them. The bill before the House applies
these reductions to the exorbitant rates, leav-
ing the thirty-five per cent, duties unchanged
upon cotton fabrics.
wool and woolens.
The committee bill makes a reduction in
wool of twenty per cent, applied both upon
the specific and the ad valorem, reducing
wool costing less than thirty-two cents per
pound from ten cents a pound and eleven
per cent, ad valorem,, to eight cents a pound
and nine per cent, ad valorem. In the wool
tariff of 186f, wool manufacturer was com-
pensated for the supposed increased cost of
wool occasioned by the tariff by a specific duty
upon cloth of fifty cents a pound. The duties
upon woolen goods prior to the war had been
fifteen per cent, ad valorem, and during the
war increased to twenty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem. In asking for the enactment of this
tariff in 1867, the manufacturers claimed that
ten per cent, should be allowed them as com-
pensation for the internal revenue six per cent,
tax they were compelled to pay upon their
manufactures. They confessed that twenty-
five per cent, was all the protection they
required. They said in their report, asking
for the enactment of the present law—
"The provisions proposed by the committee, and
rendered necessary by the proposed change in the
duties on wool, aim to accomplish two objects: first,
to fix the specific duties at rateswhich shall be sim-
ply compensatory for the duties ou the wool and
other materials: and secondly, to establish an ail
valorem duty which, besides providing: for the rev-
enue tax on manufactures, shall leave the manufac-
turer simply a net protection of twenty-five per
cent. With some exceptions, the reason for which
will be specially explained hereafter, the ail vnlnrcm
duty on manufacturers of wool and worsted is fixed
at thirty-five per cent., ten per cent, being fixed as
an equivalent for the internal revenue tax of six
per cent, on manufactures and on articles consumed
in manufacturing, and twenty-five per cent, as pro-
tection to the maiiufaoturer."
The six per cent, internal revenue tax was
repealed in the following ycar. The commit
tee have not recommended at the present time
that this ten per cent, should be entirely re-
pealed. The bill proposes to take off but five
per cent, from this tax, leaving the duties still
specific and ad valorem, but reduced.
hides and leather.
Hides have been placed upon the free list,
and leather reduced from thirty to twenty per
cent., sole leather from thirty-five to fifteen
per cent. These reductions are in the interest
both of the manufacturers and consumers of
boots and shoes. The tanners appearing before
the committee conceded that if hides could be
free, ten to fifteen per cent, was all the protec-
tion that their business would require. These re-
ductions exhaust ten million dollars of thesum
proposed by the committee to be applied upon
the tariff duties. As the domestic production
of similar articles is from five to six times the
imports, the estimated advantage and real re-
duction of taxation to the people exceeds
$50,000,000.
The committee could have gone further and
made some reductions upon the excessive duties
upon glass, crockery, and many other articles
of ordinary use, but there has been a disposi-
tion to reduce, if not wholly repeal the duties
on tea and coffee. The committee did not
suppose that the House intended that all tariff
reductions should be made upon tea and
coffee.
I desire to say but a word more in conclusion.
It is not necessasy nor proper that I should
now enter upon a discussion of the details of
the bill that is before this committee. I have
endeavored to present the principal reasons
that actuated the Committee of Ways and
Means in adopting their method of making
reductions in the present tariff duties. A bill
is now pending which some gentlemen perhaps
advocate which proposes to put these redue-
•tions chiefly and firstly upon the internal rev-
enue system, and to make all thereductions that
are to be made upon, about the same articles
that the committee's bill proposes, but upon a
different principle.
We ask that, this reduction shall be applied
intelligently and wisely, so that the consumers
in the country may be benefited, while the
resources of the Treasury shall be as littla
inteifered with as possible. I have made these
remarks thus hastily at this time because ifc
seemed to be desirable that some of these
facts should be presented for the considera-
tion of this committee. I do not claim that
in all eases the bounty received is to (he ex-
tent of the tariff rate ; but the intention and
purpose is to give that bounty and protection,
and it is in that proportion. If the advantage
on cotton is to the manufacturer thirty instead
of forty per cent., the tariff rate, three'quarters
of the bounty, shown by these tables, go to the
eastern manufacturers, and are paid by the rest
of the country.
The reductions upon manufactures proposed
by the bill are not heavy. No industry can
be disturbed by them. Many Representatives,
perhaps a majority of the House, will feel that
the rates of duties should have been still
lower.
If the reductions proposed by the bill are
not sufficiently heavy, as appears to be claimed
by members of the committee, if it is de-med
prudent to reduce the revenues to the extent
of fifty or seventy-five million dollars, there
are other items, such as glass, earthenware,
and other articles of general use upon which
some of the present duties are exorbitantly
high. The five per cent, duties imposed by
the act of 1864 upon manufactures other than
those embraced in our bill might be reduced.
Thereductionsin the bill of the duties upon
but six classes of manufactures lessen the rev-
enue not quite ten million dollars, but lighten
taxation $55,000,000. A comparison of the
domestic production with the imports will show
as follows:
Reduction, on
Reduction of cat of do-
revenue. m-eslic pro-
duction.
Salt $615,522 $1,175,000
Leather  329,258 3,890.001)
Iron  2,135.223 10,583,000
Steel  745,539 1,7-iG.OC'O
Woolens   4,967,452 23,000,000
Cottons.  7iS8,724 5,000,000
Total $9,531,718 $45,333,000
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, mv col-
league on the committee, says ihat he d" sires
to reduce taxation $75,000,000. I desire to
reduce taxation double that sum 8150,000,000,
and itcaubedonewithoutreducingthe customs
revenues $30,000,000. He has offered his
scheme of reduction ; it is adroitly arranged to
avoid reductions upon manufactured articles.
Hisassaultsareintendedto be made firstly upon
internal revenue duties to deplete the Treasury
lest prohibitory duties should be lowered. He
would relieve suffering chewers and smokers
though their ill clad children are pinched with
cold. He would relieve §16,000,000 taxation
upon tea and coffe, costing each consumer bat;
fifty cents a year, but has no word of sympathy
for the burdened laborers, taxed four dollars
for each person they support on the clothing
