1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
Mr. WINDOM. I insist oil the regular
order.
Mr. BAYARD. This is not a land grant,
bat an opportunity to lot the party be heard
in a court of justice.
Mr. HARLAN. I am aware of that; but
it is in a case where the party has once been
heard. It revives the status of a party that
has once been heard. I perhaps shall vote for
the bill when I come to hear it explained, but
I am not willing to see it passed without an
explanation.
Mr. BAYARD. He has never been heard.
The claim was withdrawn under a misappre-
hension. This simply gives him an opportunity
of being heard so as not to lose the right of
appeal, which was lost under a misapprehen-
sion that he had a right to come in at a certain
time.
Mr. HARLAN, I prefer an opportunity to
examine it.
Mr. BAYARD, f withdraw the report for
to-day.
BEAK KlVIitt V ALLKV.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota, during the pendency of the
morning business, obtained unanimous con-
sent to consider a bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. If the morning busi-
ness is through, that bill is now before the
Senate.
The bill (S. No. S48) to provide for the
irrigation of Bear River valloy, in Utah Ter-
ritory, v/as considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands was read, being to strike out all after the
enacting clause and to insert a substitute.
Mr. WINDOM. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have instructed me to offer several
amendments, principally verbal, which I send
to the Chair.
The amendments were read and agreed to ;
and the amendment of the Committee.on Pub-
lic Lands, as amended, was to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert the fol-
lowing :
That Schuyler II. Ingham, Warren llussey, aucl
John Tiernan, of Utah; William M. Stone, James
A. Williamson, and B. F. Allen, of Iowa; James 0.
McGregor and Jacob D. Herkimer, of Indiana;
Elijah Sslis, of Kansas, and their associates .and
successors, are hereby created and declared to be a
body politic and corporate, in deed and in law, by
the name and style of the Bear Kivor Irrigation
Company; and by that name and style shall have
perpetual succession, and be able to suoand be sued,
plead and be impleaded, defend and be defended, in
all courts of law and equity within the United
States, make and use a common seal, acquire, hold,
and transfer property, and generally to perform all
acts relative to the object oi this organization which
is now or shall be lawful for individuals or bodies
politic or corporate to do. The officers of said com-
pany shall consist of a board of seven directors, a
president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer,
with suoh other officers and agents as the by-laws
may provide. The directors shall be chosen from
the stockholders, the president and the vice president
from the directors, and shall hold their respective
offices for the term of one year, and until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualilied. The secretary and
the treasurer shall give such bonds as the by-laws
may require, and shall hold their offices at the
pleasure of the board.
Sec. 2. That the capital stocK of said company
shall consist of ten thousand shares of $100 each, and
shall be subscribed for in not more than one thou-
sand shares by any one person, and shall bo there-
after transferable in such manner as the by-laws of
thecompany may provide. The first meeting of the
corporators herein named shall be held at the city
uf Omaha, in the State of Nebraska, at such time as
they or a majority of tbem shall designate in writing,
and not later than one month after the passage ot
this act; and at such meeting said corporators, or
their representatives by written proxy, shall organ-
ize by the selection of a chairman, secretary, and
treasurer, and proceed to open books for receiving
subscriptions to the capital stock of said company,
and so soon as the capital stock herein authorized
shall, in good faith, have been subscribed for, and
one dollar per share actually paid into the treasury,
as a majority of said corporators may determine,
the said stockolders, or their assignees and succes-
sors, shall thereafter constitute said body corporate
and politic; said stockholders shall then and there
proceed to elect a board of directors, who shall
serve until the annual meeting of the stockholders
in the year 1873; and the directors so chosen shall,
at their first meeting thereafter, elect a president
and a vice president, who shall serve for the same
term for which said directors were chosen, and
also a secretary and a treasurer. The meeting of
stockholders for the election of directors, and the
transaction of other business pertaining to the affairs
of the company, shall, after said first meeting, be
held at the city of Corinne, in Utah, on the first
Thursday in Juno of each year; and special meet-
ings of the stockholders may be called, when deemed
important, by a majority of the board, of which due
noticeshall be given to each stockholder; said com-
pany, at any regular or special meeting of the stock-
holders, shall have power to adoptby-laws, rules, and
regulations, as they may deem needful and proper,
touching the control and disposition of tho corpor-
ate property, estate, and effects of the company, the
powers and duties of tho officers, the prosecution
of its work, the issuance of bonds, and all other mat-
ters relating to the business and affairs of the com-
pany, not inconsistent with law or the provisions of
this act. The capital stock of said company may
be assessed, by direction of the stockholders, in any
amount not exceeding five per cent, in any one year,
unless all thcstockholders agree to a greater amount;
and if any stockholder shall fail to pay the amount
assessed upon his stock for more than sixty days
after the same becomes duo, the stock owned by him
may bo advertised and sold to the highest/ bidder
therefor, in such manner as the board may direct,
and the proceeds derived therefrom shall be piid
into the treasury, and treated as other funds belong-
ing to the company. In the election of directors,
and upon questions requiring a vote of the stock-
holders, each stockholder shall be entitled to one
vote for each share of stock owned by him. Amajor-
ity of the board, including the president, shall be a
quorum for the transaction of business. Dividends
may be declared by said company as a majority of
the stockholders may determine.
Sec.3. That the total indebtedness of 3aid company
shall not at any time exceed the sum of $500,000, and
the stockholders shall not be individually liable
therefor to an amount greater than the proportion
their shares respectively bear to the whole capital
stock beyond the unpaid installments assessed upon
their stock. All deeds, bonds, contracts, and other
instruments executed and issued by said company
shall be signed by the president, countersigned by
tho secretary, and authenticated by the corporate
seal; but no such instrument or obligation shall be
executed or issued until tho same has been ordered
by the board of directors, which order shall be duly
entered upon tho records ot the company. Tho sec-
retary shall keep an accurate record of the acts, reso-
lutions, orders, and proceedings of the stockholders'
and of the board of directors, which record shall be
subject, at all reasonable hours, to the inspection
of any member of said company, or of any bond-
holder or other person legally interested in the
affairs of said company. All bonds issued by said
company shall be and operate as a special lien upon
all lands of said company, and upon all other prop-
erty belonging to said company. The capital of
paid company may bo increased to fifteen thousand
Shares, of $100 each, upon a vote of two thirds ol'
the original stock authorizing such increase.
Si-:c. 4. That the object of this organization being
to irrigate the valley of Bear liver, in said Territory
of Utah, and to furnish water for mechanical and
other purposes, there is hereby granted to said com-
pany the right to construct a canal from some point
in or above the carton where said river debouches
through the Wahsatch mountains, and on either
side thereof, by tho nearest and most practicable
line, to the level or top of the plateau on the west
side of said stream, at any convenient point, and
from thence along said plateau, between said river
and the mountains, in a southerly or southwest-
erly direction across the line of the Central Pacific
railway, to that portion of Salt lake known as
Bear river bay; and said company, for said pur-
poses, shall have the right to construct such dam?,
aqueducts, and flumes across said river as may be
necessary to conduct and supply water for said
canal; and shall also have the right to divert and
take from s>aid nver the water necessary to fill
and supply said canal and branches, and shall
have the right to enter upon and take from the
public lands any rock, timber, stone, or other ma-
terial that may be required in the construction
of said canal, or the dams, aqueducts, flumes, gates,
and locks connected therewith. Said company shall
aiso have the right to construct a dam across the
Malade river at any convenient and practicable
point, and use the water of said stream, in aid of and
auxiliary to said canal. And said company shall
have the right of way through tho public lands for
said canal, not exceeding two hundred feet in width
on eithersido thereof, and shall also have the right
of way for the principal branches directly connected
with said main canal, not exceeding one hundred
feet on either side, unless a greater width not ex-
ceeding one hundred and fifty feet be required for
excavations and embankments; and in like manner
shall have the right of way over and through any
lands owned by companies or individuals; and in
case the owner or owners of such lands or premises
and the said company cannot agree as to the value
of the premises taken or to be taken tor tiie use ot
said canal and its said branches, it shall be lawful
for tho president or secretary of said company, upon
giving at least ten days' notice to the owner or own-
ers, to apply to one of the United States judges of
said Territory for the appointment of persons, resi-
dents of said Territory, to ascertain and determine
the value of such property; and thereupon the said
judge shall appoint three disinterested persons, who
shall, upon oath, assess the value of the property
so taken, which shall be assessed without refer-
ence to the increased value which the construc-
tion of said canal may give it; said appraisers
shall receive a reasonable compensation for their
services, to be paid by the said company. Said canal
shall be so constructed after reaching the plateau
aforesaid as to afford a water-level of at least ten
feet in width, four feet in depth, and with an aver-
age current of at least one mile per hour; and said
company shall construct such branches, laterals, and
distributing channels as may be necessary to con-
duct water to the lands within the current and flow
of water from said canal; and said company shall be
under obligation to keep said canal, its branches,
laterals, and distributing channols, in constant ana
suitable repair, so that every owner or occupant of
land within the flowage from said canal shall, during
every season, be able to procure hi3 proportionate
share of water therefrom for agricultural uses; and
if said company shall neglect, during any one entire
year, to keep said canal and its branches, laterals,
and distributing channels in such repair, unless pre-
vented by unavoidable causes, the franchise and
rights hereby created and conferred shall be liable
to forfeiture by proper proceedings to be taken by
the Attorney General in the courts of the Unitea
States, and, upon judgment being rendered in suoh
proceeding against said company, the said canal,
with all its appurtenances and incidents, shall re-
vert to and becomethepropertyoftheUnitedStates.
That said company shall not charge to any perion
obtaining water from said canal higher rates than
are charged by said company to the grantees of its.
own lands. That the construction of said canal
across theCentral Pacific railwayshall be after pro-
ceedings had as in other cases as in this section pro-
vided, and shall bo without injury or expense' to
said railway company: Provided, That the toll for
using the water of said canal or of the feeders, and
ditches, and the rules as to the mode of disposing of
the same, except as herein otherwise provided, shall
be subject to existing or future laws of Congress.
Sec. 5. That, for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of said canal and its branches, there is
hereby granted to said company lands equal to six
sections per mile for each mile of said main canal
constructed as hereinbefore required, and including
for the purposeof this grant, tho branch of said canal
constructed between the Malade river and the Bear
river; said lands to be selected from tho even-num-
bered sections lying nearest to and contei minou3 with
the line of said main canal, and within a distance
of twelve miles therefrom; and to be taken from
sections or parts of sections of the surveyed lands
of the United States not heretofore granted, reserved,
or sold, or to which preemption or homestead claims
have not been proved and established according to
the laws of Congress—mineral lands being excepted
from this grant. That so soon as said incorporators
shall file, in the Department of the Interior, a map
designating the line of said canal, and the branch
thereof between the Malade and Bear rivers, as near
as may be, the Secretary of the Interior shall there-
upon cause the lands hereby granted within said
limits to be withdrawn from market. Said company
shall also have the right to construct a dam across
the Malade river at any convenient and practicable
point, and use the water of said stream in aid of
and as auxiliary to said canal: Provided, That if,
by reason of prior grants, preemption or homestead
claims, the amount of lands to which said company
shall be entitled for the construction of said main
canal, and thebranch thereof between theMalade and
the Bear rivers, cannot be obtained from the even-
numbered sections within saidlimit of twelve miles,
selections may be made from the odd-numbered sec-
tions within said limit sufficient to make up the
amount to which said company shall be entitled
under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 6. That the surveyor general of Utah is here-
by constituted a commissioner to select the lands to
which said company shall bo entitled under the pro-
visions of this act, and shall, after said map has
been filed in the Interior Department, proceed to
select said lands within tho limits aforesaid, and
report a map thereof to said Department; and
whenever said commissioner shall bo satisfied that
any section of five miles of said canal has been com-
pleted in the manner required by the provisions of
this act, he shall forward a certificate of such fact
to the Secretary of the Interior, accompanied bya
plat of such completed section; whereupon said
Secretary shall cause a patent to be issued to said
company for the sections of land to which it shall be
entitled for such completed section of canal; and. in
like manner said company shall thereafter receive
a patent for every such section of completed canal
until the last section of said canal, being five miles
or less, shall have been completed as required by
this act; and if said canal shall not have been com-
pleted by the 1st day of July, 1870, then tho lands
hereby granted, and not already patented to said
company, shall revert to the United States and be
disposed of as other public lands. That said sur-
t veyor general, while acting as such commissioner,
i shall receive a per diem compensation of five dol-
lars. and his necessary expenses, to be paid by said
company.
Sec. 7. That the right is hereby expressly reserved
to Congress to amend the provisions of this act, so
as to secure the benefits designed to be conferred
upon the owners and occupants of said lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment of the committee being in the nature cf
a substitute, will be, for convenience, if there
be no objection, regarded as if it were an ori-
ginal bill, open to amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. As this is a new land
