122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
Sbjtaxe.
Sales of Arms to French Agents■—Mr. Carpenter,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
myself by declaring or even believing that
Decatur was a heathen until I had pretty
carefully considered whether this phrase, after
all, might not have an innocent meaning and
be reconcilable with the sentiments of a
Christian gentleman.
And before we concur with the Senator in
this wholesale denunciation, let ns examine
what is meant by the phrase in question. No
single remark, no single act can be fairly con-
sidered and correctly judged of without taking
into account its surroundings and concomi-
tants. I may take the Bible and read " there
is no God;" but if I examine the context, I
shall iind that the inspired writer is not mak-
icg such a declaration, but that he ascribes the
thought to a fool. With this view let us see
exactly the circumstances under which Com-
modore Decatur made use of the phrase which
troubles the Senator and lias driven him to
pronounce it heathenish. In a life ofDecatur
I find the following:
"In the succeeding month of April professional
duties called Decatur to Norfolk, toe birthplace ot
Mrs. Decatur, where they had resided severulyears,
and where they were welcomed by a large circle of
attached friends. The gentlemen of the place eagerly
took advantage of this opportunity to meet hiui in a
general reunion at the social board. Among the
appropriate sentiments which the occasion called
forth, were, the iollowing:
"'The Mediterranean; the sea not more of Greek
and Roman than of American glory.' " Tlieo^escent;
our stars have dimmed its luster.' 'National glory;
a gem above all price, and worthy every hazard to
sustain its splendor.' Decatur responded with a
sentiment which has since bceome memorable."
(This author was not aware that it was
heathenish!)
"'Our country; in her intercourse with foreign
nations, may she always bo in the right; but our
country, right or wrong.' May it ever remain the
rallying cry of patriotism throughout the land ; not
the lea&t valubie of the legacies left by Decatur to
his countrymen."
The Senator says, " I am for our country
with the aspiration that it may be always
right; but I am for nothing wrong." It is as-
tonishing how much depends upon the way in
■which you state a thing. I want to call atten-
tion to this famous toast of Decatur, and point
out what I understand it to mean, and then I
want, with that interpretation, to commend it
to the Senator from Massachusetts.
In the first piace, he was speaking at the
festive board where good feeling prevailed,
and where his friends and neighbors had met
to do him honor. He was-speaking, not of the
internal affairs of our nation, but of our inter-
course with foreign nations. He was respond-
ing to the toast " National glory; a gem above
all price, and worthy every hazard to sustain
its splendor." That toast must have called
to the old commodore's mind the achieve-
ments of himself and his brave companions
on the seas. He must have thought of the
old ship in which he had sailed, cf the flag
always waving over them ; and speaking of
the intercourse of our country with other
nations, he says:
"Our country; in her intercourse with foreign
nations may she always bo m the right
So far the Senator approves it, and hopes
she always will be in the right—
"but our country, right or wrong."
The Senator says he cannot subscribe to that,
because he cannot subscribe to anything wrong!
But does not the Senator perceive that there is
an important question back of this, namely,
who is to determine whether our country be
right or wrong? The United States has about
forty millions of people. Now, suppose our
country, the forty millions of its people unan-
imously—save that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts dissents—determine that it is right to
pursue a certain line of foreign policy, or sup-
pose that this people, by its representative, the
Congress of the United States, passes judg-
ment upon a certain controversy between us
and England, that we are right and England
wrong, and declare war to enforce the right ?
Now the question is, whether the Senator
from Massachusetts, an individual citizen of
the United States, may resolve himself into a
court of review, and reverse the determination
of the nation in regard to the rights of the
nation; and thereupon determine that he
cannot support what is wrong, and proceed to
oppose his own country. The Senator may
reply, that in determining what is right and
what is wrong every individual must exercise
his judgment in obedience to his conscience,
undoubtedly so far as his conduct as an indi-
vidual in matters of faith and Christian con-
duct is concerned. 1 am not discussing the
relations of a man to his Maker from a stand-
point of high ethics or religion. I am not
saying that as an individual Christian he may
not when smitten upon one cheek turn the
other also. But 1 am speaking of the rela
tions of a citizen to the Government which
affords him protection, and to which he owes
allegiance.
The doctrine of non-resistance, however
sound as a principle of religious faitli. and
however it may be bindiug upon the indi-
vidual conscience in matters affecting the
individual only, has not been ingratted upon
the law of nations; and no nation can exist
which recognizes the right of one of its citizens
to be at peace when it is at war, or to take
sides with its enemy in time of war. They who
enjoy the protection of civil governmeut are
bound to sustain that government when in
peril, and any man who cannot conscientiously
do this must abjure and depart from civilized
society, dress in goat skins,'and dwell in the
wilderness.
It is manifest that if a citizen may overrule
and disregard the judgment of the community
of which he is a member; if he may interpose
his individual private judgment against the
deliberate and pronounced judgment of the
nation; if in a particular instance, in which
his native country is engaged in war to enforce
what it has determined to be right, a citizen
may dissent from that judgment and contend
against his country, then he may carry that
opposition to the extent of taking up arms
against his country. The doctrine of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts condemns the Consti-
tution of his country, and all the well-settled
maxims of every Christian country upon this
subject.
ft is evident that Decatur entertained differ-
ent sentiments, and spoke from a different
stand-point. The sentiment which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has so bitterly con-
demned was uttered by a great naval com-
mander in the presence of a party of friends
assembled to honor him for his glorious ex-
ploits in foreign seas. And it may safely be
left to the people to determine whether ho
expressed sentiments worthy of a great naval
officer, worthy of every citizen of every
Christian country, or a sentiment which proves
him to have been a heathen.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not im-
agine any such case is before us now.
Mr. CARPENTER. No: I have tried to
show that there was not any particular case
before us that called for the criticism which
the Senator passed upon Commodore Decatur.
Commodore Decatur was not on trial by im-
peachment.
Mr. SUMNER. I made no allusion to
Commodore Decatur.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a species of
argument that would a great deal better be-
come some other men that I know of than the
Senator frotn Massachusetts. Here is a phrase
coined by Commodore Decatur which has
passed with commendation from that time to
this. The Senator quotes it, and in his re-
ported speech puts it in quotation marks,
and then pronounces it a heathen sentiment.
Mr. SUMNER. Because it has become a
common-place of vicious politics. I did not
attribute it to Commodore Decatur. The Sen
ator arrays the history and shows the sur-
roundings with which he originally utlered it.
I took it as it is afloat everywhere, a vicious
sentiment, to be denounced, not to be de-
fended by any Senator.
Mr. CAliPENTER. That explanation of
it makes the Senator's remark entirely proper,
for if there was any subject that ever was all
afloat it is the preamble of the Senator's reso-
lution, [laughter;] and anything which is
afloat also properly belongs to it, and is en-
tirely germane to the preamble. [Laughter.]
I will, therefore, pass the Senator's criticism
upon this sentiment, crediting the Senator with
baviug given the best apology for it that he
could give. The phrase is all afloat, and so is
liis preamble ; let them float together.
Mr. President, the principal motive Iliad in
addressing the Senate at all this morning was
to call attention to the precise question of in-
ternational law that is involved m the floating
preamble of the Senator from Massachusetts.
That preamble assumes, and the debate of
Opposition Senators supporting it has pro-
ceeded upon the assumption, that if the United
States sold these arms to France, or to any
agent of France, knowing him to be such,
that was a violation of the law of nations.
1 repeat, the iriends of the Administration
did not choose at that point to raise the legal
question, but preferred to concede that it was
so, and to meet the resolution by showing that
the facts alleged did not exist. That has been
triumphantly done. It may, however, be im-
portant that, before this debate closes, atten-
tion should be directed to the principle of
international law involved. Nothing can be
called trivial which affects the international
relations of a great people. The principles
we recognize here by concessions m debate
may come back to trouble us in future years ;
and T desire here to say, without intending to
prejudice any Alabama claim, that since 1861
the passion, the agony of this nation has driven
us into extreme grounds against the right of
neutral nations; and our later writers, the
American authors who are, I believe, the only
ones who give any support to the docrine of
the Senator from Massachusetts, have been
impelled to the extreme verge of doctrine by
the circumstances in which the nation has
been placed.
I never sympathized with that motive. I
never thought it wise for us with a view to get
a few million pounds sterling more or less
from England to abandon the high ground
which we ought to take as to the rights of
neutral nations.
In 1868, after the close of our war, when the
Government had a large supply of arms on
hand, Congress passed the law which has been
frequently read:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed "—
Thus leaving no discretion with him- -
" to cause to be sold, after offer at public sale on
thirty days' notice, in such manner and at such
times and places at public or private sale as he may
deem most advantageous to the public interest, the
old cannon, arms, and other ordnance stores now in
possession of the War Department, which are
damaged or otherwise unsuitable tor the United
States military service,'' See.
In the first placc, it is evident from this act
that Congress was speaking of arms that could
be sold. In other words, by styling them
"unsuitable arms" it was not intended to
advertise in advance that they were useless
arms. These arms were not condemned by
this act; the Secretary was not directed, as it
was said yesterday, to sell these arms .for old
iron, nor to destroy them, or abandon them.
He was directed lo sell them. Therefore, by
the word "unsuitable" it cannot be under-
