174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
of subordinate officers after due examination by
proper boards; their continuance in office during
fpccified term?, unless dismissed upon charges pre-
ferred and sustained before tribunate designated for
that purpose: and for withdrawing the public ser-
vice Iroui being used as an instrument of political
or party patronage.
I have already said that I believed there was
room for civil service reform. I am in favor
of reformation as much as any Senator upon
this floor j but I have not talked about it half
as much as some. There arc those here who
must have civil service reform for breakfast, for
lunch, for dinner, and for tea; they live, move,
and have the"'r being in civil service reform.
It is (he one great thing of all others that is
now agitating and stirring this country to its
very depths. I venture to say that no two of
them agree as to what it should be. At the
last session of Congress this question was re-
ferred by an act, which I ask the Secretary to
read, to the President of the United States, in
the following language.
The Chief Clerk read section nine of the act
of March 3. 1871, as follows;
" That the President of the United Sute? be. and
he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules and
regulations lor the admission ot persons into the civil
service of the United States as will best promote the
efficiency tnereof, and ascertain the fitness of each
candidate in respect to age, health, character, knowl-
edge. and ability for the branch of service into which
he to enter; and forthis purpose the President
is authorized to employ suitable persons to conduct
said inquiries, to prescribe their duties, and to estab-
lish regulations for the conduct of persons who may
receive appointments in the civil service."
Mr. MORTON. By that act the whole sub-
ject of civil service reform was referred to the
President of the UnitedStaf.es. Reappointed
a commission, consisting of five distinguished
men, for the purpose of considering it and
making a report to him; which report, when
made, he will no doubt lay before Congress.
These men have been in session upon this sub-
ject now about four months; I am told they
are nearly ready to report; but before the re-
port can be made, in anticipation of it. before
the world can'know the result of their labors,
the subject is again to be brought forward in
Congress, referred to a committee de novo,
who are to go to work just as if nothing had
been done.
Now, I make no imputations myself; I judge
not of the motives of men : but I undertake
to say that impartial observers who have no
connection with this matter will come to the
conclusion that the purpose is to ignore the
President in this whole business, to give him
the go-by. Impartial observers will say, and
it cannot be prevented, (and they will say that
much more readily than they are going to
Hitnhuie ro the majority of the Senate the
covering up of fraud,—impartial observers will
say that apprehensions are entertained that
the President will gpr the credit for civil ser
vice reform, and that it- is necessary to step in
before he docs that and bring the whole sub-
ject forward in the Senate for agitation, anil
if possible endeavor to wrest it from him.
Yv hat other purpose is there m this?
Mr. SCHCKZ. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana a-low me a word?
Mr. M 0 It T 0 X. Certainly.
Mr. SCHL'itZ. 'Ihe S enaror will remem-
berthat the ouiy civil service reform introduced
during this session. and I think during this
Congiess, was introduced by the Senator from
\ ermont in front of me, [.Mr. Edmcxds,] and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary :
and i nm somewhat inclined to tixink that the
Senator himself voted tor it.
-Mr. MOIl 1 ON. Voted for th,j bill?
Mr. SCHURZ. Voted for referring it.
Mr. MOill ON. I do not think tvj take
rotes on referring very often. It is occasional iv
done where there is a dispute between two
committees, 1 he Senatorfrotu \ ermont intro-
duced a bill of this kind, and I think he gave
lii.s reason for it at the time; bat here from
the very beginning we find an attempt made to
instruct a committee to consider this whole ,
question and present i; to the Senate. I ask'
what is the object of that? Why cannot these
gentlemen wait until we have heard from this
commission? They have given the subject their
undivided attention for months. I look for
their report with great interest. I expect to
find in it much that will instruct me. Five
able men have turned aside from the other
pursuits of life and the other questions before
the public and have been considering this ques-
tion of civil service reform; and when they
are nearly ready to report, an attempt is made
to instruct the committee to go forward and
examine the whole subject as if nothing had
been done. I ask why they could not have
waited until that report had been made. Was
it respectful to the President, who hud been
charged by a law of Congiess with this very
subject, to attempt to anticipate the whole
thing, acting just as if he had taken no steps
in the matter?
As I said before, the impartial observer will
say that apprehensions have been entertained
that the President will get the credit before
the country of making great reforms in the
civil service, and that it is important for polit-
ical purposes that that should be taken from
him. and the question brought back into Con-
gress before he has time to present to the coun-
try the labors of that commission. 1 am not
saying myself that that is the purpose ; I cast,
no imputations; but when Senators talk about
what the country will believe, I tell them the
country will believe that. And yet. because
we have not been willing to adopt this resolu-
tion with the instruction in it that this com-
mittee shall go forward and examine aga'n the
whole epiestion of civil service reform, it is to
go forth to the country that we are trying to
cover up fraud ; that we are trying to protect
the Administration against'examinations that
it cannot, stand.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the instruc
tions contained 111 the first clause of the reso-
lution of the Senator from Illinois, they ready
invdve, so far as retrenchment is concerned,
the examination of every branch of the Gov-
ernment. They do not involve the investiga-
tion of frauds that gentlemen talk so much
about. Is this discussion indicative of the
character of the next campaign? Is the next
campaign to be conducted by general charges
of frauds, and are these general and wholesale
charges of fraud to lake the [dace of princi-
ples and policy? The Opposition being unable
to present principles and policyto the country,
is the Administration to be borne down by
wholesale charges. And when it comes lo par-
ticular specifications. they at every Sew. There
has been one made during the course of this
debate in regard to the general-order system ia
the custom-house at New York.
I suppose it was the expectation that the
country would believe that we were afraid to
have an investigation upon that subject. But
t he Senator from New York has come forward
this morning, not with a general resolution
coveting all creation, but with a specific reao
lution instiucting the committee to go right to
this sore point and probe it to the very bot-
tom : and I wilt remark right here that this
general instruction to this Committee on lie-
trenchmeut. to examine the whole Government
in regard to the retrenchment of expenses
conies \ ery n°ar amounting to nothing, because '
it covers entirely too much. It is said that
it was lormerly the practice of the French
Academy of Science to instruct a particular {
member to examine and report to the acad-
emy upon some particular department of
science. But upon one occasion they in-
structed a learned member to report upon
the riv.^tery of the universe, and h>s answer
was. •• I shall die before 1 find out where 1
to begin. And here i  a committee in-
s'rucied to examine the whole Administra- ■
tion in every department of Government as to
whether "XpenteK can be retrenched, a.-, to
whether administration can be reformed and '
new methods adopted. I hope they will be i
able to do it ; I hope they will ! •> abb- to
present to lis new light Upon ovi-ty branch
of the Government; but thev will not have
time. One or two things ar>- ali they can do
during the course of a session.
Now, Mr. President, 1 want, to say, as did
the Senator from New York thi-i morning, that
I will go as far as tile farthest in the investi-
gation of fraud. Whenever any Senator rises
in his place here and asks that any particular
branch of this Government, any olliee or any
otlicer shall be investigated, and will say that
he has reason to believe that there is ground
for investigation, I shall \otn for it. We shall
go as far as the farthest; but I want to call the
attention of the Senate atrain to tin* fact that
that resolution, about, which so much ha-  been
said, and which ha- been presented heie as a
panacea for ali the evils exiting m the Gov-
ernment. does not even by implication author-
ize the committee to examine a case of fraud.
Now, if you want fraud to be examined, you
must, change }*>ur resolution : you must give
special instructions either upon some partic-
ular point, or directing this committee to
investigate wherever thev beli.rvi- there has
been crime, theie has been plunderin.', there
have been frauds committed. 1 his <ummt-
tce would not feel autuoiized under this
resolution to iuve-tit'ute a single case of
fraud. The most thev are called upon to do
is to reform the laws, to reform the modes
of administration, to find out whether some
offices cannot be abolished ; whether there can
he better systems of accountability adopted,
new check-; and balance- introduced into the
Government. That is the scope generally, and
the scope particularly of that re- nation. And
yet that has been the exeu-a- for charging the
majority of this Senate with desiuugto cover
up fraud and to present investigation.
To show that the view of the resolution I
am taking to-night is not n"w with m«. and
that I cannot be charged wi'h inconsistency
hy the Senator from Delaware. I will refer to
what I said the other day in regard to it.
Mr. BA\ AlUJ. I did not charge the Sen-
ator with inconsistency. That is his inference.
Mr. MORTON. T said the other day. m
speaking on the subject.:
^ "I want to call the attention of my friend, the
Senator from Illinois, to the fact that if that
power"—
That is, the power to investigate frauds—
" has ever been exercised for the hist five years by
tho committee, it was not ffiven by the resolution
creatine it. I think I have heard the S.-n.itor admit
the construction I have given to thi-= resolution,
that it conveyed no power of that kind, ami not
even by intendment did itin-truct the com in it tee to
make investigations of frauds and of wrono-=."
And the Senator from New -Jersev. I be-
lieve, called specific attention to it before I did,
on the very first day of this debate.
"The Seuntor understands me upon that i•• ,irit.
If the committee have exercised that power, they
have never drawn i_r from the lan«u.n?e employed in
this resolution. \\ bether the committer usurped
powers that did nor belong to it I will pot n  w un-
dertake to say. I make no charge* against it; but
what I do sayjs, t lut throughout this discussion this
resolution, ottered l>y the Senator from Illinois, has
been assumed to confer powers upon the emimuitrt
that it did not confer."
And 1 remark here that the mvestiga'ion
made bv the Senator fiom New Hampshire
in the New Yoik euslotn-house vva - undt r a
special instruction given bv the Senate. Am
1 correct in that?
Mr. PAT I'KRSON. Yes. sir,
Mr. MORTON. The Senator savs 1 am.
Mr. PAT FEUSON. I should like lo a-k a
question. The very first, or one of the first,
investigations made by the coniniitiee was in
relation to the issue ol curronev, made bv the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Kntirsiis, ] who
was the chairman ol ihe committee at that
time. Another luvi sti^ation was in relation
to frauds on the customs of the coimtiy oiithe
souiliwesK rn frontier, on the l.'io Giande. by
means of the " zona fibre." Now, were those
properly investigated by the committee under
that resolution?
