1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
grant, and as the lands proposed to be granted
by this bill are in the immediate neighborhood
of my own State, the first meeting of the cor-
porators being in my own town, I think it is
proper, if Congress is disposed to be still gen-
erous with the public lauds, that at least one
of the corporators named should come from
my State. I move, therefore, to amend the
bill by inserting as a corporator, after the last
name now in the bill, " P. 0. Hawes, of
Nebraska."
Mr. WINDOM. I hope this amendment
may not be adopted. The incorporators now
have already been at considerable expense in
preparing for this work, and I think another
ought not to be added.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
that the unfinished business be postponed for
the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT., The morning
hour has expired, and the tariff bill is before
the Senate. The Senator from Minnesota
asks unanimous consent that it be informally
passed over, subject to a demand for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this bill can be passed
without any further debate, I shall not object;
but if it is going to lead to debate, I must
insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill be
continued now, it will be subject to a demand
for the regular order at any moment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This bill cannot be
passed without several amendments being
offered by myself, and it will require some
discussion. I demand the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ That is in the
nature of an objection to passing over the reg-
ular order. The tariff bill is now before the
Senate.
cheat kig0m5t bridge.
Mr. WEST. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No.
251) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter, constructed,
a post road, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 2, 18G8, was passed. It was
passed inadvertently while we were consider-
ing the business of the Committee on Com-
merce,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered on the Journal.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. 11. No.
1192) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the yeai ending June
30, 1878, and for other purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
792) in addition to an act to amend an act
entitled "An act /or the removal of causes in
certain cases from Stale courts," approved July
27, 1806, approved March 2, 1867.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 447) to enable
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United States.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 859) to change the time
for holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the western district of
Wisconsin at La Crosse ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1588) to change the time
for holding the spring term of the United
States circuit and district courts at Harrison-
burg, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) to author-
ize the erection of a colossal statue of the
late Admiral Earragnt.
. senator from norte carolina.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to-the Senator from Pennsylvania that
he is reminded by his rising that he was en-
titled to the floor several days since at the close
of the session when this bill was before the
Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will give way
for a moment, I desire to make a proposition
to the Senate. I wish to see if an agreement
cannot be made in reference to the election
case from North Carolina. It will Jake but a
moment.
Mr. SCOTT. I yield to the Senator.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 gave notice to the Senate
on Thursday or Friday last that I would call
up this case immediately a''ter the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce had had a day
for the disposal of bills from his committee;
but finding this morning that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thubman] is not in his seat, and
learning from one of his friends that he is quite
unwell and notable to be in the Senate, know-
ing he desires to participate in the discussion
of this question, I should like after consulting
with the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Car-
penter] to have a day named on which the
Senate will be willing to have this question
taken up and disposed of. It ought to be done.
In my opinion it ought to be a privileged ques-
tion, but it seems it is not in the Senate. It
is one of great importance. I should like
to know if the Senator from Ohio has any
definite idea as to when the tariff bill will
be disposed of, for I do not wish to suggest
a day that will interfere with him or with
anybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
any day being fixed for that case that the Sen-
ator may desire. 1 have uo idea as to when
the tariff bill will be disposed of. Every Sen-
ator can form as good an opinion on that sub-
ject as I can. But 1 think we ought to stick
to it until we get through with it.
Mr. LOGAN. I dislike to be compelled to
urge this matter so often, but I do not know
when the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
will be in health to be in the Senate and par-
ticipate in the discussion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to suggest
to the Senator from Illinois to say Tuesday
next. That will probably enable the Senator
from Ohio to be present. It is desirable that
some day should be fixed in advance so that
we may all know it. I do not care what day
it is.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to any
particular day.
Mi\ HILL. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that, since it is so uncertain what day
will suit the convenience of the Senator from
Ohio, we had better not fix a day. However,
I will not object to Tuesday next.
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest to my colleague
on the committee, the Senator from Georgia,
that unless a day be fixed in advance, there is
no telling when we can get this subject up.
Mr. HILL. Very well; I will not object to
Tuesday,
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois to say next Monday.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I am willing to
say Monday, if that will suit the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly. jj
Mr. LOGAN, That will be satisfactory to ||
me if the Senate will agree to take it up on
Monday after the morning: hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless by unani-
mous consent the fifteenth rule ot the Senate
in regard to unfinished business, shall be spe-
cifically suspended, the unfinished business at
the close of the present week must come up on
Monday next atone o'clock ; but the Chair will
recognize the Senator from Illinois at one
o'clock on Monday next to move to set aside
whatever shall then be in order for the pur-
pose of taking up this election case.
Mr. LOGAN. Cannot the motion be made
now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Probably the Senate
would give unanimous consent now and dis-
pose of this matter at some time. Let us fix
a day when we will consider it, and have no
more squabbling about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
its being made a special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not give unani-
mous consent to dispose of it on a certain day,
and have no contest about it? It has got to
be settled at some time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] the other day gave a
very good reason, although in that case it was
against my wishes. He said he would not give
unanimous consent so as to preclude the
Senate from doing anything it chose at any
time. I have no objection to this being made
a special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not want to have
this struggle about the floor. The Senator
from Ohio knows that we waste a great deal
of time in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
knows that the whole temper of the Senate
•would be, if in the mean time something had
occurred to make it necessary to take up some
other matter, when Monday came, notwith-
standing there was unanimous consent, to take
up the other matter. Besides, this is a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate by unani-
mous consent make it a special order for Mon-
day next, that does not prevent the Senate
from laying it aside if it chooses, but I hope
the rule will not be suspended which gives the
unfinished business advantage of it in case the
Senate do not decide otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Ohio if a state of things arose
such as he suggests, and the Senate wanted to
do something else, we could move to lay this
on the table and take up the other matter
although there might be unanimous consent to
consider this. After we had commenced to
consider it, a motion to lay it ou the table
would be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senate by unan-
imous consent agrees definitely to take up a
subject against the unfinished business I think
a Senator in duty to his conscience ought not
to call up anything else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it would be
proper to move to lay it on the' table after it
had been considered a short time if the Sen-
ate so desired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the rule which limits the action of the
Senate. It is the fifteenth rule, which it is a
historical fact was debated a long time before
this language was adopted years ago, and it
finally settled down into this definite under-
standing about the business of the Senate:
"The unfinished business in which the Senate
was engaged atthe last preceding adjournment shall
have the prcforeuec in the special orders of the
day."
The construction of which is that it has pref-
erence over special orders. The fifty-third rule
says:
No motion to suspend, modify, or amend the
rules, or any_ thereoi, shall be in order, execpt on
one day s notice in writing specifying the rule to be
suspended, modified, or amended, and the purnose
thereof,"
