2862
THE CONCESSION AL GLOBE.
April 27,
they wear, to pay $120,000,000 annually to
cotton and woolen manufacturers and their
operatives while the Treasury receives but
$40,000,000. If tea and coffee can be made
free, Pennsylvania's annual iron bounty of
$20,000,000 perhaps will remain unharmed.
Do gentlemen propose to reduce the taxes
on tobacco, which are paid by the consumer
and not in the. States where the tobacco is
raised, and leave these high bounties on
manufactured products ? Do the Representa-
tives of the southern States suppose it right
that there should be no reduction of duties on
woolens, and on cottons, and that the whole
reduction shall be made on tobacco and the.
internal revenue system ? Do they propose to
aid any plan to further that idea?
I appeal to New England. Her career has
been glorious in the past in her resistance to
wrong and oppression ; her voice loud and earn-
est in protest against injustice and the infringe-
ment of per onal rights. Do her Representa-
tives insist upon the maintenanceof thepresent
excessive duties ? Must other portions of the
Union continue the annual tribute of $56,000,-
000 on but three items of her manufactures,
paper, cottons, and woolens t Is not eighteen
dollars bounty for each of her inhabitants
more than she should exact? Will Massachu-
setts Representatives not accept the olive
branch this bill offers, or do they desire to
await the statistics of the Census Bureau to
arouse a tribute-paying people? Shortsighted
is the protectionist's policy who refuses mod-
erate reductions toward a revenue standard.
Wise and timely concessions have averted
revolutions.
The Republican party increased these duties
during the war on account of the necessities
of the Government. Being no longer re-
quired for revenue, a Republican Congress
should propose their reduction. Legislators
of every political faith ought to unite in an
honest effort to reduce excessive and unneces-
sarily high rates of duties and equalize the
burdens of their taxation.
Mr. SLATER. Mr. Chairman, now that
a general revision of our tariff laws is under
consideration, it will be well to consider the
condition of the country as affected by its fis-
cal operations and legislation in the past and
up to the present tiiue. It is a time, sir, that
should engage the attention of each member
upon this floor, and should secure his best
efforts to correct acknowledged wrongs and
manifest abuses, which affect the country
through its legislation and the administration
of its affairs.
It will not be denied, I think, that there is
discontent abroad in the land, that the people
are chafed and wearied with the burdens
which the laws and their administration im-
pose upon them. This is fully attested by that
cry which comes up to this Capitol implor-
ing and demanding relief, retrenchment, and
reform.
Wherefore, sir, is it that our ship-yards are
idle, that our commerce has declined, and
that our carrying trade is now in foreign
hands? How is it that the profits of labor
and capital are so unequally divided, that
capital concentrated in monopolies is favored
and protected, while labor is forced to an
unequal contest and with difficulty ekes out
a scanty and precarious subsistence? These,
sir, are the questions of the hour; they con
cern the people, and the evils they suggest
find their root in your fiscal legislation, and
their thrift in an extravagant, profligate, and
vicious administration of public affairs.
It is not enough that your Treasury is filled
to overflowing by excessive taxes wrung from
the sweat and toil of the people, but, after all
the legitimate needs of the Government are
supplied, swelled to extravagant proportions
there is retained in its vaults from year to year
a surplus of many-millions of the public funds,
equaling forty per cent, of our annual reve-
nues, which is thus rendered unproductive
and idle, for no other apparent reason than
to invite to extravagant appropriations and
reckless expenditure. Spies and informers
stalk abroad, infesting every avenue of busi-
ness, filching through moieties, fines, ana pen-
alties, wrung from their victims, often by re-
ception, bribery, and corruption. Incompe-
tent and dishonest men find asylum and omce
in every grade of the civil service, while the
Federal Executive and his chief officers are
openly accused, and not without reason, of
complicity with rings formed or existing for
the purpose of furthering peculating schemes
upon the Treasury. Sir, this is a picture of
the demoralization of public affairs more
truthful than pleasing, and presents a condi-
tion of the country, in all its varied machinery
of governmental administration and its multi-
plied relations with business, which challenges
the considerate attention of its legislators,
both as to the cause of these public disorders
and as to the remedy to be made use of to
effect their cure.
It requires no argument to demonstrate the
proposition that if the ills and misfortunes
which now afflict the country are to be cured
or abated, it can alone be done by a prompt
and effectual removal of their promoting cause.
This maybe said to be self-evident. Wisdom,
then, would dictate that thorough search be
made for such promoting cause, and when
found, that it be at once and effectually re-
moved, root and branch.
Mr. Chairman, it may be boldly asserted as
a proposition susceptible of proof to reason-
able minds that the disorders and evils so
much complained of, such as the depression
of labor, the rapid growth and dominance of
monopolies, the decline of American tonnage
and commerce, and the unequal division of
the joint accumulations and profits of labor
and capital, have their origin directly and
solely in the financial legislation of the coun-
try and in the administration of those laws.
An examination of the financial operations
and fiscal legislation of the country for the
past few years will most fully verify this
declaration.
At the close of the last fiscal year the vol-
ume of currency in the United States could
not have exceeded $1,000,000,000. In this are
included gold and silver, national bank notes,
currency, and fractional currency.
Over $700,000,000 of this volume was the
representative of money, a mere shadow of the
substance, and rested for its ultimate redemp-
tion upon less than $300,000,000 of metallic
currency. The fiscal operations of the Gov-
ernment for that single year required seventy
per cent, of all the gold and silver in the coun-
try to pass through the hands of its receivers
of customs in payment of the duties upon for-
eign importations, and full thirty-eight, per
cent, of all the money in the United States,
whether metallic or paper, was required of the
labor and industries of the country in the
payment of Government taxes.
But we gain an inadequate conception of
the magnitude of these fiscal operations, and
their necessary effect upon the business of
the country, if we confine our view to a single
year. It is only when a period of years are
grouped together that the vast proportions of
aggregates and results are clearly made appa-
rent. The last six years of fiscal operations
in the United States present, in the magni-
tude of results and effects, a spectacle with-
out a parallel in the history of fiscal opera-
tions in this or any other country. The value
of figures is lost in the magnitude to which
aggregates are swelled, as the mind is incapa-
ble of grasping the total of results.
During the period of six years ending June
30, 1871, and to the present time, there has
been no want of experiment in the direction
of taxation. Under the operation of your
fiscal legislation the tax-gatherer has been
omnipresent, exacting tribute from every class
and condition of society. He has been made
to relentlessly pursue the peopje, and to exact
contribution of their substance in the increased
cost of every article of prime necessity or luxury.
Rising up or sitting down, waking or sleeping,
in their enjoyments and in their necessities, in
health and in sickness, in life and in death,
they have known no escape from assessments
and exactions made and effected through the
operations of your laws. Excessive taxation,
producing enormous revenues, has invited its
concomitant evil, extravagant and reckless
expenditure ir. wasteful and unusual appropri-
ations of the public funds; and yet, with all
the profligacy of a confessedly corrupt ad-
ministration of the public revenues, there has
been for the past six years constantly retained
in the Treasury unused a vast surplus of pub-
lic funds.
Mr. Chairman, during the past six years
ending June 30, 1871, there was drawn from
the labor and industries of the country from
all sources of taxation the sum of $2,608,-
823,003—a sum equal to more than two and
a half times the entire volume of the cir-
culating medium of the country, including
all the gold and silver, with all the green
backs, all the national bank notes, and all
the fractional cmrency of the country. Of
this amount the sum of $1,180,780,027 was
derived from duties upon foreign imports,
and was paid in gold, being an amount equal
to about four tunes the volume of the metallic
currency in the United States. It is also to
be remembered that during this entire period
from thirty to forty per cent, of the metallic
currency, and from twelve to sixteen per cent,
of the combined currency of the country was
withdrawn from circulation and business and
retained in the Treasury.
This surplus so withdrawn from circulation
and the business of the country is stated by the
Secretary of the Treasury at the close of each
year of this period. The balance was, in—
1866   $160,817,097
186 7  198.076,337
186 8  158.930,082
186 9  183,781,985
187 0  177,607,512
187 1  138,017,122
Making an average surplus of $141,437,265
constantly retained in the Treasury after de-
ducting the sum of $28,101,122 deposited with
the States. Is it a matter of surprise that there
is a restiveness among the people in view of
these facts? Is it to bs wondered at that the
industrial interests of the country are and have
been depressed, and that a demand comes up
from the toiling millions, and is somewhat im-
perative, for immediate relief, when the mag-
nitude of the burdens imposed upon them by
legislation here enacted is considered?
Mr. Chairman, let us glance at some of the
industrial and commercial interests of the
country and see how they have prospered
during this period of excessive taxation and
enormous fiscal operations, and discover, if
possible, to what extent these interests have
been depressed by taxation. In the year end-
ing June 30, 1865, the year preceding the
commencement of the period referred to, the
Register of the Treasury reported our total
tonnage at 5,096,781 tons. The same officer
reports our tonnage in 1871 at 4,282,607 tons,
showing a decline in our tonnage of over
800.000 tons, equal to fifteen per cent, of our
entire tonnage.
But while this positive decline resulted in
six years there was an increase in our popula-
tion of at least fifteen per cent.; so that to have
maintained our relative rank of tonnage with
population there should have been an increase
in our tonnage corresponding to the increase in
our population. It is therefore apparent that
the actual and relative decline of our tonnage
in the six years was equal to thirty per cent.
From the same source we learn that in the
year 1865 the tonnage of vessels built in our
