1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
196?
That seems to have been adopted for the
purpose of restraining such an order as Ihe
Senator from Illinois now desires to make un-
less it shall be placed in writing and specific-
ally suspend the fifteenth rule for Monday.
But the Chair will state that by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate on Monday at
one o'clock, whatever may be the unfinished
business, the Chair will recognize the Senator
from Illinois, who gives notice that he will move
to lay on the table whatever is then the unfin-
ished business for the purpose of considering
the North Carolina election case, which he now
understands he has the unanimous consent of
the Senate to do.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, sir.
FRENCH SPOLIATION CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I am not going to inter-
fere but a moment with my colleague. I wish
to say that on Tuesday next I shall desire to
bring before the Senate the French spoliation
bill. I have been trying all the winter to get
it up; at least I have been waiting for an
opportunity to do so. I think it will not take
long to consider it; I hope it will not. I
trust, therefore, that on Tuesday morning next,
immediately after the morning business has
been disposed of, I may be allowed to call up
this bill, and I should like to have it made the
special order for that day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the day before, which, probably,
will be the North Carolina election case,
would, under the fifteenth rule, have priority
on Tuesday at one o'clock, if not disposed
of on Monday; but the Senator can give notice
of his intention to move on that day, or as
soon as possible thereafter, to lay on the table
whatever may come over from the previous
day, in order to take up this bill. The Sen-
ator frotn Pennsylvania gives notice that 011
Tuesday next, or as soon as possible there-
after, he will move to lay 011 the table what-
ever may then be pending for the purpose of
taking up the bill to provide for the French
spoliation claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot object to
the Senator's giving notice, but 1 certainly
object to any consent being given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. TRUMBULLL. I hope the time of
the Senate is not to be taken up by those
claims, which have been pending here and been
discussed for weeks and weeks for the last fifty
years.
Mr. MORTON. Probably the Senator from
Pennsylvania desires to submit some remarks
upon the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; he desires to pass
it.
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly [ do; but I
shall first expect to submit some remarks in
support of the bill. I am sui prised that the
Senator from Illinois should make an objec-
tion to the bill because it has been before the
Senate for so many years. That is the very
reason why we ought to pass it.
Mr. SUMNER. What day does the Sen-
ator name ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tuesday next,
or as soon as possible thereafter. The North
Carolina election case may come up on Tues-
day, if not decided 011 Mouday.
Mr. CAMERON. A new generation has
come into the Senate since the bill for the pay-
ment of these claims passed three or four
times in this body. Everybody admits that
the claims ought to be paid, but nobody seems
willing to act at the proper moment. I am
sure that the Senator from Illinois, when he
comes to thinkon this subject, will forego all
opposition to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that I con-
cur most cordially with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and I am sorry any Senator should
hastily throw any reflection upon that measure.
I believe that never have any claims come
before Congress more truly sacred than those
claims. There are none where the obligation
of our country is greater.
Mr. HAMLIN. None where it is as great.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
is perfectly just when he says that there are
none where the obligation is as great. I am
sure of it. I hope the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will press his bill.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 173) to repeal theduties on salt, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont, to strike out the sec-
ond section of the substitute reported by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not desire to make any
extended remarks on this second section, but
simply to observe that if the motion succeeds
it will strike, out duties which, computed on
the basis .of last year's importations, wdl
amount to over eight million dollars. The
action of many Senators in this body would,
perhaps, be very much governed upon the
striking out of this section by the temper
which shall be manifested by the Senate with
reference to the final disposition of the duties
on tea and coffee, and also the amendment
with regard to the repeal of internal taxes.
Now, in order that one of the subjects may
be definitely disposed of, and that the tea and
coffee interests of the country may bo quieted,
I suggest to the Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, that he in-
formally lay aside the general tariff bill this
morning and permit me to move to take up
the House bill repealing the duties on tea and
coffee, so that it may be passed with an amend-
ment fixing the time when it shall go into
operation. That will probably enable the
Senate to reach a conclusion much more sat-
isfactory upon the other points involved in
the bill. If I can have the assent of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to informally lay aside the
general bill, I trust a very short time will
develop the disposition of the Senate by a
final action on the tea and coffee bill to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The situation of the tariff
bill is just this: if the amendment adopted by
the Senate on Friday is adhered to, it compels
some modifications of the existing bill, and I
take it that a vote so decisive as that on Fri-
day will probably not be reversed. In the
meantime, the whole business interest of the
country engaged in the importation of tea and
coffee is suspended; lam assured it is par-
alyzed ; that 110 person is now buying tea or
coffee, or dealing in them ; that all are wait-
ing until the action of the Senate is known.
Therefore, in order to ascertain the will of the
Senate, which to me is law in the conduct, of
its business here, although it may decide against
my own judgment, I have no objection to
allowing the tea and coffee bill to be taken up ;
and if the Senate shall pass that in such form
as they may choose to pass it, so that we shall
exclude tea and coffee from all our calcula-
tions, I believe it will simplify the rest of our
action on the tariff bill. I shall not vote for
the repeal of the duty on tea and coffee, but I
have 110 objection at ail to the Senator's hav-
ing an opportunity to take up that bill and
testing the sense of the Senate 011 passing it
as a separate proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to lay on the table
for the present the tariff bill, for the purpose
of taking up House bill No. 1537 to repeal
the existing duties on tea and coffee. If there
is objection to the proposition, it will be sub-
mitted to a vote of the Senate; if not, it will
be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to unanimous
consent being given, because it might be in-
ferred from that that we agreed to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio stated that he was willing the tariff
bill should be informally passed over to take
up this other bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can only be done by
the consent of the Senate. It is not for me to
say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say he would vote against
this proposition, and I do not wish to have the
unanimous consent of the Senate given to it.
I do not want to delay action. Let the Chair
submit the motion, and let the Senate vote
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to lay the tariff bill on the table
with a view of taking up the bill indicated by
him.
The motion was agreed to.
TEA AND COFFEE DUTIES.
Mr. SCOTT. I now move to take up House
bill No. 1537.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal
existing duties on tea and coffee.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the bill so
as to make it read:
That on and after the 1st day of July next all
tea and coffee imported from foreign countries into
the United States shall be admitted free of duty;
and that all tea and coffee which may be in public
stores or bonded warehouses on said 1st day of July
next shall not be subjected to duty upon the entry
thereof for consumption; and all tea and coffee re-
maining in bonded warehouses on said 1st day of
July upon which the duties shall have boon paid
shall be entitled to a refund of the duties paid.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to offer an
amendment now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania has been
offered and is now pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the particular
amendment?
Mr. SCOTT. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that the amendment fixes the
1st day of July as the day upon which the
act shall go into effect. It provides that all
tea and coffee which shall be in bonded ware-
houses on that day shall not be subject to duty
upon being entered for consumption, and that
all in bonded warehouses upon which the duty
shall have been paid upon that day shall be
entitled to have those duties refunded, so as to
put all tea and coffee upon an equality on that
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will move to amend
the amendment by adding these words;
And thatfromand after the passageofthisact salt
sbali be placed 011 the free liat, and na further im-
port duties shall be collected upon the same.
Mr. HAMLIN. And coal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One at a time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the Senator
from Illinois will allow this amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, formal in its
character, to be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object in offering
this proposition at jhis time is to have it as an
amendment to an amendment, so as to bring
the Senate to a direct vote on salt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I offered it as a sepa
rate proposition there would be an amendment
to it. This will test the sense of the Senate
on the question whether they are disposed to
repeal the duty on salt as a distinct proposi-
tion; and by offering it as an amendment to
an amendment, no other amendment can be
proposed to it. That was the reason I had
for thus offering it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, by which, after the 1st day of July,
salt shall also be free.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me, the reason I gave way on
