2864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21
$G8,254,946 in coin, and by the enhancement
of these great leading and primary article? of
consumption produced and manufactured at
home they also paid to the American ^pro-
ducer and manufacturer the sura of $262,500,-
000 in currency.
It may be urged that these estimates are
more of a theoretic character than a matter
of actual or practical result under the opera-
tions of our revenue laws. But, sir, whether
the amount of $202,500,000 is l'eally a correct
estimate and measure of the actual profits and
clear accumulations of those engaged in these
manufactures or not, it cannot be doubted that
it does represent the amount which these
products and manufactures have been in-
creased in cost to the consumer.
When you lay forty-three per cent, protective
duty upon the importations of iron and steel
and their manufactures as a means of protect-
ing the American producer, it cannot be
denied that such a regulation enables him to
sell for one hundred and forty-three cents that
which without such protection he must other-
wise sell for one hundred cents. And when
you lay sixty-three per cent, upon wool and
the manufactures of wool coming into our
markets from foreign parts, it cannot be denied
that you put it in the power of the home manu-
factui er to compel the consumer to pay one hun-
dred and sixty-three cents for that which in the
absence of your tariff he would be able to buy
atone hundred cents; and so of every other
article which is the subject of protection by
the imposition of a tariff duty. This is the
very intent and purpose of the law; this is
what protection means when stripped of all
its sophistry and false reasoning and assump-
tions.
Mr. Chairman, I have here a list of articles
of every-day consumption with the per cent,
of duty which each article pays annexed. I
have prepared it with care, and it will be found
correct, I think:
Per cent.
Salt 85i@1391-6
Plain blenched domestics 37}
Plain brown domestics 50fr
Dcrmns, bed-tickings!, and ginghams 30
Prints 55 ($ COS-
Linens 30 @ 10
Gla>a, common window 49*
Gunpowder 30 @ 49i
Hats and bonnets of straw, chip, or palm-
leaf  40
Gumiy-elolh and gunny-bags OS
Iron, nig 40?
Iron, bar 50i @ 64$
Iron, iuilroad 43
Iron, boiler and other plate 3U
Iron, halter and traco-cliains 49i@ 60&
Steel  42 @ 5?>i
Leather 30 ($ 35
Wool, raw @115&
Wool, cloth I38j
Wool, shawls 533
Wool, flannels   65i@113i
Wool, hats 61 j @101
Wool, clothing ready made 53
Wool, carpets 40 @ 89
It requires but a glance at this list to be able
to see the extent to which the consumer is
burdened by tariff duties winch relentlessly
exact tribute from the wants and necessities
of the people instead of the wealth of the na-
tion to supply your Treasury. All, the poor
as well as the rich, must eat, be clothed and
have shoes upon their feet, while the artisan,
the mechanic and the farmer must have the
necessary implements to pursue their avoca-
tions, and it is upon these necessities that the
heavy hand of protective exaction is placed,
so that pressed upon the one hand by their
daily wants, and upon the other by taxation,
which only makes their needs a greater bur-
den, the middle and poorer classes of the
country are ground as " between the upperand
nether millstone," while wealth, aggregate,
corporate and individual wealth, enjoying an
immunity of protection, laughs at their op-
pression, and year byyear makes newadditions
of ill-gotten gains.
To further illustrate the operation of the
tariff laws under which we have been living
and are now living, I have prepared a table,
or rather bill of goods which every mechanic
and farmer having a family must frequently
procure. The price of each article, the per
cent and amount of duty upon each, and cost
without duty, is given :
Coat of wool cloth ready made $12 00
Duty 53 per cent  4
Cost without duty ^
Pair of woolen pants ready made !>6 00
Duty 53 per cent  2 08
Cost without duty 92
Knit drawers and undershirt of wool  $3 00
Duty 86 6-7 per cent  1 40
Cost without duty SI 60
"Wool hat  03
Duty 01 3-0 per cent  1 1°
Cost without duty  SI 85
Vest of wool cloth  00
Duty 53 per cent • 1 3J
Cost without duty  $2 61
Twenty yards of flannel at 60 cents $12 00
Duty 65 per cent  4 73
Cost without duty  $7 27
Twentyyards unbleached domestic, 12i cents. $2 50
Duty 35 per cent  65
Cost without duty  SI 85
Twenty yards calico at 15 cents  S3 00
Duty 60 per cent  1 12V
Cost without duty    $1 87V
  42 50
  90
Ten yards delaines at 25cents...
Duty 65 per cent 
Cost without duty  1 51
One pair ton-pound all-wool blankets rilO 00
Duty 10H per cent  5 01
Cost without duty  $4 96
Twenty yards common wool carpet $20 00
Duty 89 percent    9 42
Cost without duty $10 58
Total cost without duty   $45 86V
Mr. Chairman, the injustice of such a sys-
tem of taxation is difficult of reconciliation
with any principle of equity or just statesman-
ship,, and can in fact only be justified upon
the principle that might makes right. I know
that the plea is made in favor of high tariffs
as a means of protecting American labor
against the pauper labor of Europe and to
sustain our own industries against the cheaper
industries of other countries; but., sir, pro-
tective laws defeat their own declared object,
except so far as they are the means of filling
your Treasury with gold wrung from the labor
of the country. Ever since the close of the
war of 1812 we have been experimenting with
tariff legislation. We have had high tariffs
and low tariffs, protection and free trade, and
the statistics of fifty-six years, from 1816 to
the present time, alternating with periods of
protection and non-protection, will verify the
statement that our greatest strides of pros-
perity aud the most rapid development of our
industrial and commercial interests have been
notably during non-protective periods, or in
times of our lowest tariff laws.
And, sir, an examination of the workings,
and even the principles as claimed of protect-
ive tariff's will at once disclose the reasons for
this. A high-tariff law is enacted, laying
duties upon a wide range of articles professedly
to foster industrial pursuits. Everything it
touches is enhanced, for this is the purpose and
object of the law, and also its necessary effect.
Now, mark the results. The mechanic, artisan,
and operative having to pay higher prices for
all they consume, must have higher wages in
order to keep body aud soul together, the
effort to secure higher wages not unfrequently
ending in strikes and- a general interruption
of business. On the other band, the manu-
facturer, paying more for his labor, higher
prices for the materials which enter into his
manufactured products, must charge all these
advances in the cost of Ins wares, only to fiud •
that when be thought himself securely pro-
tected the foreign manufacturer enters the
market, paying high duties, and sells in com-
petition with him at. the very door of his own
establishment, and forthwith the home manu-
facturer flies to Congress for more protection.
As an illustration of this fact look at the
statistics of only the last fiscal year. ^ Take the
article of leather. Nearly everything which
enters into the manufacture of leather is taxed
from ten to thirty eight per cent., and the
currier, working under a tariff averaging from
forty-four to forty fight per cent, upon over
three thousand articles, finds his labor en-
hanced in cost, and when his leather is ready
for the market, he enjoys thirty-five per cent,
protection, and yet the French, the German,
and other foreign manufacturers pay this
thirty-five per cent, duty and compete with
him in his own market. Follow the product
into another form of manufacture, boots and
shoes. Nearly thirty pt-rcent. additional mate-
rial is used which pays duty or is enhanced in
value from twelve to one hundred per cent.;
new additions of labor are made, also enhanced
by the operations of tariff laws; so that at
every change in the form of the product the
weight of tariff exaction is increased, and it is
found necessary to give additional protection,
and yet after jou have piied proteciion upon
protection, repeating it ateveiy stage of trans-
formation fumi the ciude material to the fin-
ished article, the American manufacturer finds
the foreign article paying all your duties and
competing with him in the market, while all
export is rendered impossible. Why, sir, in
1871 the foreign imports of leather and the
manufactures of leather which went into the
consumption of this country, paying all your
duties, were $10,552,135.
Take the article of wool and manufactures
of wool. You impose a duty ranging from
forty-two and a half per cent, on unwashed
wool to one hundred and fifteen and a half on
washed, as a protection to wool-growers. The
manufacturer of woolen fabrics pays heavily
in advance cost of his machinery into the con-
struction of which iron so largely enters wnich
is heavily protected ; he employs labor which
is necessarily enhanced in price by a tariff
upon everything the laborer consumes. Thus
taxed at every turn, upon his raw material,
upon his machinery, and his labor enhanced
in cost, he finds, when his fabrics are ready
for the markets, and his profits addetl, that a
proteciion of sixty three per cent, upon his
manufactured product will not keep out the
foreign fabrics. Why, sir, with ail your ma-
chinery of tariff duties to prop, sustain, and
encourage American manufactures of woolens
and to hold the home market for home man-
ufactures, foreign importations keep a steady
pace w ;h your tariff laws.
In 1871 there was consumed in the United
b ntes §42,860.037 worth of foreign woolen
fab: >s, paying an average of forty-three per
cent, duty, which aggregated $29,024,372;
and witu gold at 112 these products estimated
in currency could not have been worth less,
with importer's profits added, than $80,000,000.
In this I have not included the raw wool
imported in that year which amounted to
$9,906,031, and paid $4,515,103 duty. If we
look at our iron manufactures and their sta-
tistics we shall find similar results.
Ihe first form of the crude material, pig
iron, is protected by a tariff of forty and seven
eighths per cent. It goes to the rolling-mii.,
is transformed to bar, rolled, or hammered
iron, and is again protected from fifty and one
eighth to sixty-four and three quarters per
cent., according to size and shape. If wrought
into railroad iron it is protected forty-three
per cent. And yet, sir, with all this imposi-
