3760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of monument grounds, grading
road, walk, draining, purchase and hauling gravel
for walks and roads, trees, and shrubs, as per plan,
$15,000; and said grounds shall be considered as a
portion of the public grounds of the city of Wash-
ington, and shall be under the control of the officer
detailed by the chief engineer of the Army to take
charge of the public buildings and grounds in the
city of Washington, in conformity with the act of
March 2,1867.
Mr. AMBLER. I raise a point of order on
that paragraph. I understand that these grounds
are not now public grounds, and that this is an
appropriation not in accordance with existing
law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is mistaken as to the fact. The grounds about
the monument clearly belong to the United
States. It is true the Monument Association
have certain rights and easements there, but
they do not own the fee of the ground. In
order that we may not appear to be waiving
our real rights there, this clause was put in by
the committee as a mere assertion of what we
believe to be true. It can do no harm and we
thought it best to put it in. It does not change
the law as we understand it. The United
States never ceded this ground ; it only gave
the Monument Association the right to put up
such works around the monument which are
necessary for its construction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. If the purpose
be what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] has indicated, I do not see the neces-
sity for making the appropriation $15,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say that the grounds
about the monument form the connecting links
between the executive grounds and the
grounds lying between the Executive Mansion
and this Capitol. And the moment these ten
or fifteen acres are put under fence as pro-
posed here, aud the street is cut through from
the Executive Mansion across the canal, now
being filled up, and the improvements are
completed which are now being made, we
shall have a continuous line of public grounds
from the Executive Mansion to this Capitol.
Mr. F1NKELNBCJRG. How about the
railroad depot?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is not in
this proposition.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman
spoke about continuous grounds.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Continuous as
it has been hitherto, I think the casement
which lias been granted for that railroad com-
pany has been granted unwisely. But that is
not now involved.
The putting these grounds into proper con-
dition will be an act of long-delayed justice.
1 feel ashamed every time 1 look upon these
grounds, and see how the nation has allowed
them to remain till this time around that iong-
beguu monument.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to strike out this
paragraph. As I understand it, it is in the
direction of what has been talked about very
frequently for a few years past, the construc-
tion of a magnificent park out of the mud-
holes between the Capitol and the monument.
In my judgment, we had better never com-
mence that park. For one, I was very glad
indeed to vote to give a railroad company the
right to make some sort of use of a portion of
this ground, and I would be very glad to vote
to anybody else the same right..
Now, the idea of expending $15,000 to
commence the grading and cutting down of
the grounds around the monument—for that
is what this means and nothing else—is to my
mind an absurdity that we had better avoid.
I hope never to see the day when we shall
have any such proposition carried into effect
as this parking proposition. I therefore move
to strike out this paragraph, because I under-
stand it to be a step in that direction.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that motion will
not prevail. No one who has had occasion to
go into that part of this city, as most of us at
one time or another have done, and see that
magnificent structure, begun by the patriotic
spirit of the country years ago, and which the
patriotic spirit of the country will eventually
complete—no one has been there and not been
pained at witnessing the state of neglect and
disrepair in which those grounds have been
left for so many years. It is unworthy of the
Government, a source of regret to the stran-
gers who come here to visit the capital. It
is desirable in every respect that those grounds
should be taken charge of and put into proper
condition, not as a portion of a splendid park,
because I sympathize very heartily with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] on that
subject. But they should be put into the
same condition that a gentleman of taste would
like to put his own private grounds in. I
trust, therefore, that the Committee of the
Whole will concur with the Committee on
Appropriations in making this appropriation.
When the proposition shall be presented for
constructing the park which has been referred
to, I will stand shoulder to shoulder with my
friend from Ohio in opposition to it.
Mr. AMBLER. I am much obliged to my
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] for his
promised assistance in the future. But, let me
remind him that, such things are not done im-
mediately and directly, but by indirection from
time to time. This is a step in a direction
which will eventually involve the expenditure
of hundreds of thousands of dollars for the
construction of a park.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 suppose my friend from
Ohio would hardly refuse to pay for blacking
his boots, because it might be regarded as a
step in the direction of ultimately purchasing
a silk dress for his wife. [Laughter.]
Mr. AMBLER. Certainly not, my dear sir.
But on the other hand I do not propose to
commence an improvement of this kind, when
in my judgment the best thing we can do is
to get rid of this land as soon as possible, for
it will never be anything but a nuisance while
it is the hands of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending proposition.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. The gentlemen who have
reported this hiII claim something, I believe,
on the score of economy. Now [ have had
the curiosity to look back to the appropriation
act of June, 1860, and to compare it with the
present bill in regard to appropriations for the
President's grounds, &c. 1 find that the appro-
priations in this bill for fuel, repairs, and gas
for the President's House and the grounds
about it, as well as for refurnishing it and for
constructing a sewer for drainage, amount to
nearly $150,000 ; whereas in the old and better
days when we had an unassuming style of
living in the Executive Mansion, the expense
for fuel was but $1,800, while now it is $5,000.
Why is so much more caloric needed now
than formerly ? I am sure the present Presi-
dent of the United States does not stay as
much at home in the Executive Mansion as
some of his predecessors.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Wehave passed
those paragraphs. We are on the Washing-
ton monument now.
Mr. COX. Iain coming to the monument;
I will be along there in a moment. Then
again take the item of repairs. In 1860, $0,000
was appropriated for this purpose ; now the
appropriation is $10,000. There is a corre-
sponding increase in the appropriation for gas.
Why, sir, in 1860 the appropriation for gas
for lighting the Capitol, the President's House,
the public grounds, executive offices, Penn-
sylvania avenue, Four-and-a-half street, and
other public places about the city was only
$42,000. Now we have an appropriation of
$45,000 for gas for lighting only the Capitol,
Executive Mansion, and public grounds. In
1860, $250 was appropriated for a library of
the White House. I do not see in this bill
any appropriation which indicates any increase
of intelligence in the White House.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman object
to putting the White House in repairs, if any
of his friends are to come into it? [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Why, sir, if we had there a ,
plain, unpretending man he would take a J
pride in staying there; he would emulate the
simplicity of Jefferson and Madison ; he would
have no cottages by the sea. Why do you not
make an appropriation at once for Long
Brauch? Be bold about this matter as you
generally are.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Blair, of Michigan, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, pursuant to the order of the
House, had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
public land at plattsbdrg, new york.
Mr. WHEELER. As I am obliged to leave
the city, I ask the House as a favor to allow
me to introduce and put upon its passage a bill
which was read this morning. Since that time
I have changed its provisions so as to obviate
the objections then made.
There being no objection,
Mr. WHEELER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2858) authorizing the Secretary of War to
release twenty five acres of the lands of the
United States at Piattsburg, New York, to the
New York and Canada Railroad Company,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment.
Mr. TYNER. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. A session has been ordered
for this evening. We should take a recess.
Several Members. Let us adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn takes precedence of a motion for a
recess.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 83, noes 39.
Mr. LEACH called for tellers.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to make an appeal to t.he House.
Several members objected.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Tyner was agreed to;
and accordingly (at four o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees *
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Cau-
doce M. Millen, widow of John Millen, de-
ceased, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Moses Hughes, for com-
pensation for quartermasters' stores furnished
to the United States Army.
Also, the memorial of John T. Burchell, of
Knoxville, Tennessee, praying that Congress
grant him arrears of pay.
