icy?2
IB® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. SCHURZ. And that this difference
between the sum total and the sum which you
find when figuring up the several iteius by the
prices fixed in the price list is the dark and
Mysterious point in this transaction. So that,
as it would appear from the prices received on
the one and paid on the other side, no money
oft.n have remained in the hand of an interme-
diate party, while at the same time taking the
aggregate sums a great deal more was paid on
one side than was received on the other.
Mr. MORTON. I uhderstand the Senator's
point, and did before, and was just coming to
the same thing. His argument is that because
the prices received by our Government corre-
sponded with the itemized prices paid by the
French Government, therefore the arms were
not sold to a merchant that had his profits to
make, but were sold direetly to a French agent,
who only got his percentage. The argument
is good so far; but the Senator wholly fails to
make it of any value by wholly failing to show
that our Government knew that the purchaser
was a French "agent, whereas the evidence
shows that our Government did not know it.
It is a case where the -negative is proved.
There is no presumption that our Government
knew that the purchaser was the agent, but on
• the contrary all the evidence goes to show that
our Government did not believe that, and if
our Government did not know it, it does not
make the slightest difference. Our Govern-
ment is not responsible for the fact of the
agency, but only responsible for the guilty
knowledge. It is a case where the guilt rests
upon knowledge ; and if that knowledge can-
not be brought home, as it has not been in any
manner, there is no responsibility whatever
attached to our Government. But now I call
the Senator's attention to one fact: while he
makes an argument to show that the arms
most have been sold to an agent directly, be-
cause there is no intermediate profit, I ask
where the charge of jobbery comes in ? The
Senator leaves that out by an unfortunate
omission right there.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator forget
that I called his attention just now to the very
curious and startling circumstance that when
taking the lots item by item, looking at the
prices here and there, they agree, and yet that
a much larger sum is paid on the one side than
is received on the other ?
Mr. MORTON. Paid to whom ? To our
Government? Not a word of it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Paid to Mr. Remington by
the French Government, and received 
Mr. MORTON. But paid by Mr. Reming-
ton.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me to finish the sentence? Certainly, I know
I am under obligations to him for permitting
me to speak at all. I say paid by the French
Government to Mr. Remington, and received
from Mr. Remington, or through his sub-
agents, by the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I come right to that point
again. The Senator says the French Govern-
ment paid to Mr. Remingtons larger sum than
our Government received for the arms. Mr.
Remington did not cheat the French Govern-
ment because, according to the Senator's
own statement, he furnished the true prices to
the French Government, and accounted to the
French Government for the prices that were
paid in this country. Therefore Remington
did not cheat the French Government. They
knew what he paid for the arms. Now, if
they paid Remington more money than was
required to pay for the arms according to the
prices furnished to the French Government by
Remington himself, I ask what they paid it
for, and how they came to pay it? I ask if
the French Government has been cheated by
anybody? Mr. Remington, in his own state-
ment, furnishes to the French Government
the true prices, just what our Government
got, and then he goes on to say that Reming-
ton got more money than those prices gave ;
but how did he get it? The Senator has no
evidence of that fact. I imagine there is no
evidence of it. If there is, I imagine there
is an explanation for the over-payment or
over-draft, as the case may be, and the state-
ment that the prices correspond takes all in-
sinuations of a job on the part of a military
ring or anybody else entirely out of this case.
The argument is felo de se ; it destroys itself.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I suggest to the Sena-
tor that what he does not see the committee
of investigation may possibly find out ?
Mr. MORTON. It will be a pretty sharp
committee that finds out what does not exist;
and it is" hardly worth while to appoint a com-
mittee to find out something of which there is
no probability of an existence, and the exist-
ence of which is contradicted bythe Senator's
own argument; for I undertake to say that if
his argument is good for anything, and I have
read it fairly, he himself leaves out of this
whole case the idea of a job, because he makes
it impossible.
Mr. President, I have said more than. I
expected to say in the course of this case.
As I appealed to my friend from Massachu-
setts sitting nearest to me, while he was out,
and made a statement on his authority, I wish
him .to correct me if I am wrong. It was that
Count Bismarck has vvritten a letter in which
he stated that he did not want these arms at
an advance of fifteen per cent, over what our
Government sold them to private parties for;
he did not believe there was any violation of
the law of nations in that sale; that he could
get the arms cheaper by taking them from the
French on the banks of the Loire. I stated
that on the authority of my friend. If I have
misunderstood him, he will please correct me.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I send to
the Secretary to be read the evidence in this
case, being a letter from the Treasurer of the
United States, General Spinner.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury of the United States,
Washington, February 16,1872.
My Dear Sir : It has occurred to me that the fol-
lowing facts might be of interest to you, in connec-
tion with the debate which has taken place in regard
to the sale of arms by the United States to alleged
agents of the French Government during the late
war between France and Germany.
During my European tour last summer, I saw in
several German newspapers a statement substan-
tially as follows:
Baron Gerolt, it was said, had called the attention
of Prince Bismark to tbe fact that agents of the
French were large purchasers of arms and monitions
in the United States, which he was informed were
intended for the use of the French army of the Loire.
Believing this to be in violation of both the law of
nations and treaty stipulations between Prussia and
the United States, he deemed it his duty to call the
attention of his Government to the facts and to ask
for. instructions as to the course which he should
pursue. Should it, however, be concluded that his
judgment as to the violation of law and treaty
stipulations was erroneous, he desired to say that he
had been assured that he could prevent the arms in
question from going to Prance and obtain them for
his own Government, upon payment of an advance
of fifteen percent, upon the price which the French
had agreed to pay.
To this communication, the German chancellor
was said to have.replied that in his opinion, after
due examination and: consideration, the reported
sales of arms to France Were in violation of neither
the law of nations nor any treaty stipulations with
the United States, and that, as to the prehase of the
arms at an advance- of fifteen per cent, or at any
other rate, he saw no reason for authorizing it, since
the German troops Would doubtless be shortly able
to obtain them for nothing by picking them up oa
the banks of the Loire!
I also wish to say that a hasty examination of the
accounts of the Department shows a difference of less
than six thousand dollars between the amounts
reported by this office and by the ordnance depart-
ment as received from the sales of arms and from
other sources by that department during the last
fiscal year; and that this small discrepancy will
doubtless disappear upon further examination. The
apparent discrepancy referred to in the debate in
the Senate arisesfrom the facts that the receipts
which are reported in one item of $9,960,895 97 in
the report of the chief of ordnance (Report of the
Secretary of War, vol. 1, p. 249,) are reported by the
Treasurer under the various heads of " ordnance and
ordnance stores," "arsenals," "national armories,"
"arms for volunteers and regulars," and "arming
and equippingmilitia,"(Finance Beport, p.277,)anu
that a large amount reported by the War Depart-
ment, although properly deposited in the Treasury,
was not technically covered into the Treasury dur-
ing the fiscal year. _ •  
very truly, yours, E. B.SPINJiER,
Treasurer of the United States.
Hon. IXesbv Wilson, United States Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I would observe that it is
not an ordinary way o,f becoming informed of
a diplomatic feet from so important a person-
age as Count. Bismarck—a hearsay report at
best.
Mr. MORTON. I agree with the Senator,
and I will say furthermore, that the informa-
tion with regard to the dispatches sent from
here to France, and what took place there, is
not in the ordinary way.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that
when the Senator from Indiana alluded to me,
I did not know exactly in what terms he had
dene so. This statement went the rounds
last year in Europe; it was published over
and over again in the European press, and
was also published here; I was not here to see
it. General Spinner, who was in JEurope, not
only read it in the papers, but discussed the
matter with bankers and other men there. It
was a matter that created some little talk and
merriment by the-.manner in which Bismarck
spoke, that he would not buy these arms at tin
advance of fifteen per cent, over what these
persons bought them of our Government, or
buy them at any price, for he could get them
cheaper on the banks of the Loire!
Mr. MORTON. I am very sorry that Mr.
Spinner in'this communication made any ref-
erence to the discrepancy. I do not see any
use in mauling the corpse of that discrepancy.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. The discrepancy part of
the matter was the thing in Which I took espe-
cial interest. I wish to say further, that in the
House of Representatives a day or two ago
a speech was made in which the Treasury
Department was arraigned for discrepancies,
and it was shown that under Mr. Chase in 1863
there was a discrepancy between him and the
Register of $123,000,000, and that m 1869
there was a discrepancy between Secretary
Boutwell and Register Allison of $167,000,000,
and in 1870 of $91,000,000. So it appears
that there are a great many discrepancies; but
discrepancies between these accounts neither
prove fraud nor corruption nor error.
Mr. MORTON. In dealing with diserep*
aneies, perhaps the Treasurer of the United
States had in mind a story I have heard the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] tell about a
man who Was pounding a dead badger for
the purpose, he said, of convincing that
badger that there was punishment after death.
[Laughter.]
A few words further, Mr. President, and I
am done. The results of this Administration
so far are so magnificent that they can neither
be concealed cor denied, and there is nothing
left to its enemies but to raise a prolonged
howl of corruption. I shall not undertake
any vindication of it to-day. We have in this
resolution had the attack that has been ex-
pected for months. I heard of it before Con-
gress met; I heard it was coming. I have
heard of it from time to time. I have under-
stood it was a great mine by which the
Administration was to be blown into air, and
that after this mine had been exploded, Gen-
eral Grant could no longer be regarded for
a moment as an available candidate for the
Presidency. Well, sir, the mine has been
exploded. Instead of General Grant being
hoisted, I think it is the engineer. [Laughter. 1
We shall hold a convention in Philadelphia
on the 6th day of June, the Republican party
of these United States. Until that conven-
tion takes place the question as to who shall
be the candidate is ■ a proper and legitimate
subject for discussion among Republicans.
They may have different opinions upon that
question. I have no cause of quarrel with any
man because he may differ with me. I am
unequivocally for General Grant. I am for
