1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
tion of duties as so many securities to our
iron interest and its attendant industries, and
with twenty-five per cent, natural protection
in addition, foreign importations are not less-
ened but constantly increase. The statistics
of our customs show that in 1871 we consumed
of foreign iron and steel and their manufac-
tures $68,084,172 in value, which, if reduced
to currency, and importer's profits added, would
have made the foreign product in value not
less tban $76,000,000 or $80,000,000.
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in his last annual report very tersely states
the condition of our shipping interests in these
words:
"Returns for the fiscal year 1870-71 show that the
ocean commerce of the United States is passing
rapidly into the hands of foreign merchants and ship-
owners." * * * * "The historyof ourown
commerce, as shown in the statistics already given,
renders it certain that without some efficient action
on the part of the Government, the entire foreign
trade of the country will soon pass into the hands
of our rivals.
"The monopoly of the trade between the United
States and Europe, by foreign merchants and ship-
builders carries with it the monopoly of ship-build-
ing for the entire world, and, as a consequence, the
Atlantic trade, the trade of the Pacific, and the seas
adjacent thereto, will be carried on in Bnglish-built
steamers."
Mr. Chairman, this is a very plain statement
of an unpleasant fact. A little over ten years
ago we ranked side by side with England as a
maritime Power,but now we are officially told
that "without some efficient action on the part
of the Government the entire foreign trade of
the country will soon pass into the hands of
our rivals." By what means, sir, have we
reached this deplorable condition ? The hon-
orable Secretary says the causes are twofold:
"First, the destruction of American vessels by
rebel cruisers during the war ; and secondly, the
substitution of iron steamships for the transporta-
tion of freight and passengers upon the ocean, in
place ot sailing vessels and steamships built of
wood."
The first of these causes, however potent
it may have been during the late war, ceased
to operate when the Alabama went down before
the Kearsarge.
The statistics of American shipping and
ship-building show that confederate cruisers
had far less to do with the decline of American
commerce than your tariff laws. At the close
of the fiscal year 1861 the tonnage of the
United States was 5,539,813 tons. At the
close of 1865 it was 5,096,781 tons—a decline
of 343,032 tons in four years. In the next
four years, ending with 1869, our tonnage had
declined to 4,141.639 tons—a decrease of over
one million tons in four years. During the first
four years referred to, there were transferred
of American tonnage to foreign nations
774,652 tons ; and there was built in our ship-
yards tonnage to the amount of 1,285,506 tons.
From 1865 to 1869 the tonnage sold to foreign
countries was 64,025 tons, and the tonnage
built in our ship-yards was 1,180,210, showing
that the decline has been more rapid since the
close of the war than during its progress.
Mr. Chairman, the "efficient action on vhe
part of the Government" now proposed as a
means of stopping further decline in Ameri-
can shipping and of regaining our commercial
rank is the subsidizing of American-built
steamships at the rate of thirteen dollars per
ton for five years. It has come to this, that
, while we have been protecting every other
industry and interest, our shipping interests
havebeen perishing, and Congress is now asked
to increase still further the burdens of the peo-
ple by subsidizing ship-bnilding to save Ameri
can commerce already dying under American
protection.
From 1846 to 1861 the tonnage of the United
States rose rapidly from 2,562,084 tons to
5,539,813 tons—a commercial growth unparal-
leled in any age of the world. This rapid growth
occurred under a strictly revenue tariff, which
was so low as to be stigmatized as a British
free-trade tariff. From 1846 to 1857 the aver
age duty was twenty-four per cent, and from
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 180.
1857 to 1861 only 13.8 per cent, upon all im-
ports, and nineteen per cent, upon dutiable
goods. Then our ship-yards were busy; night
and day the sound of the shipwright was
heard all along the indented Atlantic sea-board
from Maine to Georgia. Our ship-builders
and artisans were prosperous and contented,
and our seamen laughed to scorn the boasted
supremacy of the cross of St. George.
After sixteen years of low tariffs there came
in an evil hour a change. In 1861 the tariff
was revised and increased to an average of 26.7
per cent. ; in 1862 it was further increased to
an average of 32.2 per cent.; in 1863 it was
again further increased to an average of 37.2
per cent. ; in 1864 it was again increased to
43.7 per cent. ; in 1865 to 46.06, and in 1867
finally raised to 47.86 per cent. And the
statistics of ship-building during these ten
years of high protection show that just in pro-
portion as we have increased our tariff exac-
tions, in that proportion have our shipping
interests declined.
EVom 1846 to 1861, at least for a greater
part of this time, ships could be built in the
United States cheaper than in any part of the
world, and a considerable per cent, of our
ship-building was tor foreign countries; but
since the protective era began all this is
changed. And how could it be otherwise,
when everything of which ships are built must
pay heavy tariff duties? Why, sir, the very
timbers which enter into the construction of
ships so largely must pay 20 per cent, duty;
its iron not less than 43 per cent.; cables and
chains, 44 per cent.; copper,45 per cent.; hemp
cables and cordage, 37|-per cent.; rope from
17J to 27J per cent.; sail ducking,35 percent.;
oils and paints from 37 to 51 per cent.; and
the very bunting which floats at the mast-head
is taxed 117J per cent.
Depression, decline, and decay of our com-
merce is the legitimate and necessary results
of these high protective tariffs, as they are
termed. This conclusion is abundantly sup-
ported by the statistics of our shipping and
ship-building all along from 1816 to the pres
ent time. These records show that under low
tariffs our commercial interest and ship-build-
ing have prospered most, while they have in-
variably retrograded or come to a stand-still
during periods of high tariffs.
We are told, however, that it is not the tariff
which so injuriously affects our ship-building,
but that its decline in late years is entirely
owing to the change from the use of wooden to
iron ships for ocean service, which these apolo-
gists say occurred in the early years of the war.
A slight examination of this apology will at
at once dispel the illusion.
The building of iron ships began in 1855,
aud not in 1861. In 1856 the building of iron
ships had so far succeeded in England as to cause
a marked decline in ship-bui!ding in the Uni-
ted States, which decline, accelerated by the
financial crash of 1857, continued until 1859,
after which ship-building began to revive, and
at the opening of the war iron ship building
had been successfully and profitably entered
upon in oui yards. But since the war, under
the operations of our excessively high tariffs,
the building of iron steamships has aimost, if
not quite, ceased. There is no good reason
why we cannot build iron ships as cheap as
any other nation upon earth. No other coun-
try has the material in such inexhaustible
quantities as ours, and our laborers and arti-
sans are certainly not behind any in the
world; in fact, a superiority is almost univer-
sally claimed and accorded to them.
Why, sir, before the revolutionary war we
produced iron for export to the mother coun-
try, and since the organization of the Govern-
ment under the Constitution its production
has always steadily, and 1 may say rapidly,
increased under low tariffs; in fact, it is shown
that the production of pig iron has increased
more rapidly in periods of low tariff than in
periods of high tariffs. Thus, from 1832 to
1840 there was an increase in the amount of
pig iron produced of seventy-three and a half
per cent., and from 1852 to 1860 there was
an increase of seventy-five per cent. Both
periods were under low tariffs, the last being
the lowest of any since 1816, while from 1860
to 1869 the highest estimated increase is sev-
enty-seven per cent, for nine years, being a
less average per cent, than in either of the
other cases.
The average price of pig iron in the city of
New York, from 1850 to 1860, was $26 39 per
ton, and sold in the last year, 1860, at an
average of $23 15 per ton. This was under a
low tariff, but under the increased tariff it rose
to $46 25 per ton in 1865, equal to thirty dol-
lars coin, and is now selling for fifty dollars,
equal to $44 64 coin, an increase of nearly
one hundred per cent. These facts and figures
demonstrate that there is but the one obstacle
in the way of the successful and profitable build-
ing of iron or wooden ships in the United States,
that is our tariff laws. With an average duty
of forty-three per cent, upon the materials
which enter into the construction of shipfe,
and labor enhanced at least thirty percent, by
tariff exactions, it is not to be wondered at that
American ship-building has declined. If we
would revive our commerce, we must repeal
our protective tariff laws and return to low
and strictly revenue duties. If we do this we
shall again see our flag upon every ocean. The
proposition to subsidize the building of Amer-
ican ships to engage m foreign commerce as a
means of regaining our lost commercial rank
is the crowning act of this vicious system,
and a fitting end to this comedy of errors,
Mr. Chairman, another plea that is always
in the mouth of the protectionists is the sav-
ing of our laborers rrom competition with the
pauper labor of Europe, and doubtless this
argument has drawn more support to the side
of high tariffs than any ot her, and yet, sir, what
benefit results to the laborer to increase his
wages from one dollar per day to $1 50 or two
dollars per day, if at the same time the cost of
living is so increased that his increase of wages
will have no greater purchasing power than
his lower wages? This is precisely the result
and working of high tariffs. A careful exam-
ination of the wages in I860, and the price of
necessaries and cost of living, as compared
with 1871, will disclose the fact that the day's
wages of 1871 will buy scarcely so much of the
necessaries or luxuries of life as the day's
wages would in 1860, and this is not only the
practical but the logical working of protective
tariffs.
There is another class, however, larger than
all the others combined, which constitute by
far the larger part of the great body of con-
sumers, which have not been remembered by
the protectionists. They are that large class
engaged in agricultural pursuits If they have
been remembered it has been only that they
could bear burdens and pay taxes. I know,
sir, that it is claimed that by fostering our
manufacturing interests, higher prices are
secured for farm products. Here, again, the
sophistry is answered by the fact that that
which the farmer and farm laborer must pur-
chase is also enhanced, often even beyond any
incidental increase of the value of the pro'
duct of their labor. Besides, sir, the great
staples of the farm and plantation, such as
wheat, corn, and cotton, must always, at least
for a long period of time to come, depend
upon foreign markets.
The history of tariff legislation and the oper-
ation of tariff laws entiiely refute and over-
throw the idea that protection has ever in
any way benefited agricultural pursuits. It
may be shown that in addition to tlie increased
cost of everything, the farmer must buy under
high tariffs, his staple productions have almost
j invariably brought him a lower price in pro-
I tective periods than in periodsof non-protee-
i tion. As au illustration of this I have here a
1 table which gives the prevailing price of wool
