1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
how the views of Senators have changed, and
I am gratified at the discovery that has been
made by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton,] who seems to have received peculiar
light upon this subject, and he has discovered
that the resolution amounts to very little. He
has discovered that an inquiry into the " meth-
ods of procuring accountability in public offi-
cers or agents in the care and disbursements
of public moneys," "and to what extent the
expenses of the service of the country may
and ought to be curtailed," does not authorize
an examination of fraud. The word "fraud"
seems to haunt him.
N ow, suppose you call it "an abuse'' instead
of "a fraud." I suppose the resolution would
authorize investigation into abuses; and if it
should turn out, when the committee makes an
investigation, that agents and officers having
the care and disbursement of public money
have been using it improperly, if some agent
or officer in the custom-house at New York
has been paying out public money for the pur-
pose of hiring delegates to go up to the Syra-
cuse convention, I do not suppose the Senator
from Indiana would call that fraud! But if a
trustee having charge of his money were to
use it in that way for improper purposes, to
convert it to a use for which it was not placed
in his hands, very likely he would consider
that a fraud. I think the resolution is very
broad and covers a great deal of ground, and
was so intended originally. The motion now
pending is to strike out from the instructions
proposed to be given the committee these
words:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the pub-
lie service are now made as to provide for with-
drawing the public service from being used as an
instrument of political or party patronage.
It is said that is the civil service reform
proposition, and that that is covered by a law
of Congress. The law of Congress has noth-
ing in the world to do with it, Mr. President.
The act passed March 3, 1871, authorized the
President of the United States to prescribe
rales and regulations for the admission of
persons into the civil service. That is all.
Mr. MORTON. That is not all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I will read it:
the President is by it—
"Authorized to prescribe suoh rules and regula-
tions for the admission of persons into the civil ser-
vice of the United States us will best promote the
efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness of each
candidate in respect to age, health, character, knowl-
edge, and ability for the branch of service into which
he seeks to enter."
And for that purpose he is "authorized to
employ suitable persons to conduct said in-
quiries." What inquiries? The inquiries as
to providing some way to ascertain the fitness
of persons who apply for office, to prescribe
the duties of the commissioners, "and to estab-
lish regulations for the conduct of persons who
may receive appointments in the civil service.''
He is to appoint this commission to help
him in regard to ascertaining who ought to be
appointed to the civil service, by prescribing
rules to ascertain their qualifications, &c.
What has that to do with assessments upon
the officers of the Government herein the De-
partments, and throughout the country, for
political purposes ? What has that to do with
the cases which were testified to in the report
which is on our tables, and to which attention
has been call'ed, where officers in the custom-
house in New York were assessed a certain
amount of money for political purposes?
What has that to do with such a case as I
will read to show the Senator from Indiana
what the condition of the public service in
some cases is and has been? Mr. R. M.
Kelly—I hope the Senator from Indiana will
listen to this, because this is under that
civil service system which he thinks is the best
on earth!—Mr. R. M. Kelly was collector of
internal revenue in the seventh district of
Kentucky. Mr. A. L. Thompson was a United
States storekeeper in the same district, and
42d Con&, 2d Sess.—No. 12.
on the 18th day of February, 1870, Mr. Kelly,
collector, writes to Mr. Thompson as follows ;
I will read the whole of this letter :
United States Internal Revenue,
Collector's Office,
Seventh District Kentucky,
Lkxinrton, February 18,1870.
Inclosed please find check for $33 36 and receipt
of Louisville Commercial for thirty dollars, amount
assessed against you and deducted from your pay
account on the recommendation of Willard Davis,
esq., member of Republican State Executive Com-
mittee from seventh district of Kentucky. Address
'Publisher Louisville Commercial, Louisville, Ken-
tucky," for your papers.
R. M. KELLY,
Collector Seventh District Kentucky,
a. L. Thompson, United Slate« Storekeeper.
That is an official letter from the collector
written to a subordinate storekeeper, officially
designated as a storekeeper, telling him that
on the recommendation of a member of the
Republican committee of the seventh con-
gressional district of Kentucky he had taken
thirty dollars out of $63 36 that was coming
to him for the purpose of paying for papers.
I understand this Mr. Kelly was about to estab
lisli a newspaper. This is a sample of one of
the abuses that ought to be corrected.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask the Senator
one question. I want to ask him if the thing
that he refers to was not a violation of existing
law? The collector had no right to reserve
that money. And can the Senator make it
any more a violation of the law than it was at
that time? Had not the man a right to keep
his money ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is no use to try to
cover up these things by saying they are vio-
lations of law. Does not the Senate under-
stand it, and does not the Senator from Indi-
ana understand it, and does he not know that
if that storekeeper, Mr. Thompson, had not
submitted to it he would have been turned out
of office? How long does he suppose the men
that refnsed to pay their assessments in the
custom-house at New York would have retained
their offices?
Is it this system that the Senator from Indi-
ana commends as the best in the world ? Why,
sir, is not the Interior Department full of it?
Did not the former Secretary expose it? 1
have known of officers, postmasters, and other
officers, receiving letters from some political
committee telling them that they had been
assessed a certain amount or per cent, on then-
salaries for party purposes. Officials have told
me they disliked to lose their places, aud sup-
posed they had better pay their assessments
than have difficulty about it. I have known
hundreds of dollars to be assessed against offi-
cials in this way; and what next? Then the
officers, part of whose salaries are taken to pay
political assessments, come to Congress and
ask us to raise their salaries. Not a session
passes that applications are not made here to
raise the salaries of your clerks, your auditors,
and other officials in your Departments. Why
are you asked to raise their salaries? Because
they have to take a part of them to pay the
assessments of some party committee. What
is this but taking the people's money to sup-
portaparty? TheSenatorfrom Indianawant.s
to know if such practices are not contrary to
law? That is what I want the committee to
ascertain, and, whether contrary to law or not,
to take measures to have them corrected. To
apply a remedy we must know of the abuse.
Did the Senator from Indiana know of Thomp-
son's case?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Illinois
knew about it. It does not require a commit-
tee
Mr. TRUMBULL. The facts of that case
have come into my possession since this debate
began. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] asks to look at the letter, as if he
was a little surprised at it. Is this the first he
has heard of this practice? Well, he never
heard of that case, but he must have heard of
a great many others, if he has read the report
of theformer Retrenchment Committee. Why,
sir, I have been told that the question has been
asked in the New York custom-house as to
the political influence a man could have, if he
was appointed, in securing a delegate to some
convention. Now it is proposed to strike out
from this resolution any inquiry in regard to
this matter. If it would not take up too much
time, I have got another letter here that I
might read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not believe it is
best to read it. It comes from the land of
Canaan, from Essex county, in the goodly
State of Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the letter
from Canaan, by all means.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take rather too
much time to read the letter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Be kind enough to give
it to me. As I represent Canaan, I ought to
have an opportunity to see it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my friend from Ver-
mont will pledge m e in advance that the gentle-
man who has written me the letter shall not
be persecuted or turned out of office just for
writing it, if he will stand by him and sup-
port him, I will hand him the letter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will depend on
whether he has told the truth. If he has lied,
he shall be turned out; if he has told the truth,
he shall not be.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (handing the letter to
Mr. Edmunds.) Then you may look at the
letter. I assume that he has told the truth.
Now, Mr. President, what is proposed to be
done? This resolution authorizes what ssrt
of inquiries? It authorizes this committee "to
inquire into the expenditures in all branches
of the service of the United States." The
Senator from Rhode Island is willing that they
shall make that inquiry. "And to report
whether any and what offices ought to be abol-
ished." He is willing that that inquiry shall
be made. He agrees that the committee shall
inquire "whether any and what salaries or
allowances ought to be reduced." He agrees
that they may inquire " what are the methods
of procuring accountability in public officers
or agents in the care and disbursements of
public moneys, and whether moneys have
been paid out illegally." He agrees that they
may inquire "whetherany officers, or agents,
or other persons, have been or are employed
in the public service without authority of "law
or unnecessarily." He agrees that they may
inquire "generally how and to what extent
the expenses of the service of the country may
and ought to be curtailed."
But when you come to touch this sore about
the use of the offices for partisan purposes—
and I wish they were never used for worse
than even partisan purposes ; but unfortunately
they are frequently used for personal and indi-
vidual purposes—when yon come to inquire
into the expediene.y of " withdrawing the pub-
lic service from being used as an instrument
of political or party patronage," the Senator
from Rhode Island rises and moves to strike
that clause out of the resolution. He does
not wish the committee to inquire into that
matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of that
investigation more than anything that precedes
it, and I voted to refer that matter to the com-
mittee of which the Senator from Illinois is
the chairman. That whole subject embraced
in the bill introduced by the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmcxds] is now before the com-
mittee of which the Senator is chairman, and
he now comes forward and asks us to refer to
a new committee not yet appointed a matter
which is in his own hands, is lie unwilling to
investigate it himself? 1 would vote to give
him power to send for persons and papers, and
to employ as many clerks as he wants for that
