1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
liim because of his distinguished services to
the nation. I am for him because of the dis-
tinguished merit of his Administration. I am
for him because I believe implicitly in hia
integrity and in his ability, and because I
believe he can get more votes than any other
man who can be put in the field. But other
men may differ with me, and they have a
perfect right to differ up to the time that
the nomination is made; but after that time,
if they are good Republicans* and claim to
hold the principles of the Republican party in
higher estimation and greater value than they
do mere personal preferences, then I say they
should go in cordially and harmoniously in
support of that nomination. And, Mr. Pres-
ident, the contest will be between the nom-
inee of that convention and the nominee of
the Democratic convention, not yet called.
Let no man deceive himself with the idea that
a third party is to come up and nominate a
ticket, and that the Democratic party will rally
to- the support of that ticket. The Demo-
cratic party will not be a tail to the kite of
any third party that may attempt to rear itself
between the two; and if they were, as the Sen-
ator from Vermont suggests, it would not help
them. If the Democratic party were to make
an attempt of that kind to carry their forces
over to the support of the candidates nomin-
ated by the convention in Cincinnati on the
1st day of May, the result would simply be that
they would not carry a State in the Union. We
should get at least one third of the Democratic
party, and I think we should get the best part.
No, that would be suicide; the Democratic
party will make no effort of that kind; but I
will tell you what they are doing. They are,
to use a phrase that is now in the newspapers,
not very elegant, "playingthe possum;" they
are, to use a common phrase, "laying low."
They are letting us do all the fighting here among
ourselves. As I observe, they have scarcely
opened their mouths this session, except in
regard to ordinary business. They have man-
aged this matter very adroitly. 1" give them
great credit for the skill with which they are
conducting affairs; but I tell them they are
going to fail, beyond all question. Their policy
is this: "let the Republicans fight among
themselves, as they will, we can- encourage
them by not saying anything ourselves," be-
cause my friend from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
and my friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
know very well that if they were to get up
here and make party speeches that would tend
to array party lines. They are trying to avoid
that just now; they want this convention to
be held in Cincinnati; they want a party call-
ing themselves Liberal Republicans to meet
there and nominate candidates.
I will not quarrel with that party about its
name. I call them what they call themselves.
They call themselves " Liberal Republicans."
I will not quarrel with them about their name
or about their purpose, nor about the men who
compose it. They are acting in the exercise of
legal rights. 1 find no fault with them on that
score, but I have a light to speak of the effect
and of the result of their action. The Demo-
cratic party want this convention to nominate a
ticket for President and Vice President, and
when they get us fairly together by the ears,
some time in the latter part of June they will
call a convention to meet somewhere in July or
the 1st of August, and place a straight-out
Democratic ticket iu the field, and then they
will get the advantage, as they think, of all
that this third party can take from the Repub-
licans. But the contest is between the Dem-
ocracy and the Republican party after all; be-
tween the nominees at Philadelphia and the
nominees of the Democratic convention, where
ever that may be held. Let no Republican
deceive himself on this subject for a moment
that he can go for the third ticket with any
chance of success. Rely upon it. The Demo-
cratic party polled, I believe, in 1868 over
two million and a half yotes. They cannot
42d Cong. 2d Sess.— $To. 68.
carry their two and a half million votes in this
country over to a small third party. They
do not intend to do it; they simply intend
to reap all advantages that can be obtained
by encouraging those men to go forward and
place a third ticket in the field; to get us to-
gether in conflict, to get us embroiled and
play over the same that was played in 1848
when Martin "Van Buren was nominated by one
wing of the Democratic party, and the result
was the election of the Whig ticket. I tell
them they cannot play it. It will not work.
The purpose of it is plain, transparent, and
nobody is going to be deceived. It is either
the election of the Republican candidate or the
election of the Democratic candidate; and if
anybody hates General Grant so badly that he
prefers the election of a Democrat he can con-
tribute to that result in one of two ways: either
by going directly into the Democratic party,
or doing what amounts to the same thing,
going into the convention at Cincinnati and
taking part in putting a third ticket into the
field. I am not talking about anybody's
motive; I am not impeaching the integrity
of anybody; I am only talking about results.
I now warn Republicans everywhere that, say
what they will, every road out of the Repub-
lican party leads into the Democratic. There
is no middle ground upon which a third party
can stand with any show of success. If the
third party amounts to anything, it will simply
be to damage the Republican party, that is
all; and it is just playing into the hands of
the Democracy as effectually as if they went
directly into the Democratic camp, and per-
haps even more so, by creating some loss of
prestige or bringing about some demoralization.
But, Mr. President, I desire to say right
here that the platform upon which that con-
vention has been called in Cincinnati is essen-
tially Democratic. It was adopted the other
day by the Democratic convention in Con-
necticut, I believe, without any change. They
accepted it as the platform of the Democratic
party in Connecticut; and why? Because it is
Democratic throughout. I desire to read one
resolution in that platform, and call the atten-
tion of the country to the ground upon which
the so-called Liberal Republicans have placed
themselves. Among other things, the persons
adopting that platform placed themselves dis-
tinctly upon this ground:
"That local self-government, with impartial suf-
frage, will guard the rights of all citizens more
securely than any centralized authority. It is time
to stop the growing encroachments of the executive
power: the use of coercion or bribery to ratify a
treaty"—
That is a stale old calumny. The gentlemen
who made that platform cannot give it respect-
ability by picking that calumny out of the
gutter and putting it into their resolutions.
"The packing of a Supreme Court to relieve rich
corporations."
Here is the statement that the President of
the United States has packed the Supreme
Court of the United States to relieve rich cor-
porations. That is a calumny that has not a leg
to stand upon, not a circumstance to justify it.
Again, and this is the material part:
The resort to unconstitutional laws to cure the
Ku Klux disorder, irreligion, or intemperance; and
the surrender of individual freedom to those who
ask that the practice or creed of some shall be the
law of all,"
That is the vital point; a declaration that
the Ku Klux law is unconstitutional and void;
a declaration that the General Government
shall not interfere to protect the colored and
the white loyalists of the South; a proclama-
tion to the Ku Klux themselves that there is no
law by which they can be restrained, so far as
the General Government is concerned; a proc-
lamation of non-interference. Why, sir, the Ku
Klux of the South can stand on that resolution.
It is entirely acceptable to them. What is the
result? If that doctrine should be recognized
by the people of the United States, if the Dem-
ocratic party should come into power pledged
to that doctrine, then there are from four to
five million people in the South who have no
protection for civil or political rights; the
white Republicans, if you please, must go into
exile and the colored man must submit; there
is no protection for them. It is a declaration
of abandonment; and how can that declara-
tion be made in the face of the terrible rec-
ord that the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott] is about to submit to the Senate, of
more than ten thousand pages, that reads like
so many leaves torn from the very chronicles
of hell! Who can read that terrible record
without shuddering, and who, after reading it,
is prepared to say, "We give notice that we
abandon the people of the South to the merci-
less cruelty and to the crimes of this organiza-
tion commonly known as the Ku Klux t" We
shall have that record before us in a few days,
and we shall then understand it better.
Mr. President, I have no fault to find with
the liberals of Missouri, or of any other part
of this country. I only call attention to this
great fact, and I desire to sound a note of
warning that whatever may be the effect of
that convention, if it has any effect, it will be
to redound simply to the success of the Dem-
ocratic party. It is not a movement simply
against General Grant; it is a movement
against the Republican party, because those
men place themselves upon ground upon which
the Republican party can never stand.
Mr. President, I have spoken longer than I
intended.
Mr. TIPT0N obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. If it does not interfere
with the Senator I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the pending resolution. It is to insert
after the word "parties," where it occurs in
the third line from the last of the resolution,
the following:
And that said committee also inquire and report
whether any member of the Senate, or any other
American citizen, is or has been in communication
or collusion with the Government authorities of
France, or with any emissary or spy thoreof, in
reference to the said matters.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I did not
expect to take part in this discussion, and have
not looked at the argument proper, and shall
not at the present time; but inasmuch as the
distinguished Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] has determined to give this debate entirely
and exclusively a political turn, I propose to
make some brief and broken remarks in regard
to that part of his argument.
He takes advantage of the presentation of
this resolution for the purpose of notifying the
country that General Grant is certain to be
reelected President of the United States, and
he also desires to notify my constituents, and
your constituents, fellow-Senators, of a fact
which he supposes he has discovered, and of a
conclusion that he finds it is very important
that he should come to, namely, that only ten
thousand Republicans refuse to follow the
standard of General Grant.
There is something very strange just at this
time in the political condition of this coun-
try, and you all know it. The impression
has gone abroad through the country that
the President cannot survive the present polit-
ical situation unless he is suddenly cut loose
from his advisers on the floor of the Senate,
and from his supporters in the United States
generally. The position is taken before the
country that he cannot be reelected unless
you can separate his friends from him. Here-
tofore the presumption in early days was that
if a man had friends he could be elected; but
the Administration journals everywhere have
undertaken to prove that if a man has such
friends as General Grant has he is gone before
he starts. [Laughter.]
I may as well, when I make a charge of this
kind, produce the documentary testimony.
The only trouble is in regard to what to select,
for it is so piled around us here that we have
to remove a very large amount of it and make
a very select selection.' These gentlemen, not-
withstanding what the honorable Senatortrom
