126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
be very useful to a nation which must have
them or fare worse. As was well said by the
Senator from Iowa yesterday, a flint-lock mus-
ket would be very unsuitable now for us; but
if we had nothing better it would have to serve
our purpose. So would a pitchfork, or a scythe,
or a club, or a carving-knife, anything which
wilt let, blood is better than nothing in a con-
test where blood must be let.
Suppose a war breaks out to-morrow between
France and England, another between Austria
and Germany, another between Italy and Tur-
key, here we have in our ranks subjects from
every one of those nations; here we have men
in full citizenship, and may have them from
every one of those nations in the Senate of
the United States. Is it to be tolerated by
Americans that we, because we have these
different classes of citizens, are to pursue a
different course than we otherwise would?
Such a doctrine cannot "be tolerated, because
it would lead to great embarrassment. Men
of these nationalities come here and are ad-
mitted to citizenship upon the theory that they
renounce in fact as well as form all allegiance
to their own country, and cast their lot with us,
their interests the same with ours, their rights
the same under our Constitution. The national
policy which is good for the American is good
for the German citizen; and here he is an
American, no longer a German.
Whatever policy America should adopt to-
ward Germany is as much for the interest of
the German-American citizen as for any other
American citizen. As an American ciiizen,
whatever touches our interests as against Ger-
many, concerns the German as well as the
American citizen.
In this connection let me say that I am not
considering the Alabama claims, nor have I
considered, nor do I care what might be the
effect upon those claims of the doctrine for
which I contend. And speaking here for one
American citizen, binding nobody else, and, I
trust, prejudicing no one else, let me say that
I take no stock in those claims, i or in the case
which we have made against England to be pre-
sented to the board of arbitration in Geneva.
If I could have had my way, the United States
should have ascertained and paid all those
claims and charged the amount over against
Great Britain. It would have been a bond
against that nation to keep the peace, worth
ten times the amount of those claims. If
England could abide by the principle of neu-
tral obligations as illustrated by her conduct,
lam certain we could. And if England to-day
would, as there has been some apprehension,
repudiate that tieaty, I would tender her my
personal thanks. 1 feel that, with a view to
the prosecution of those claims, we have
shackled our country. Our legal writers have
contended for restrictions upon the rights of
neutral nations which we cannotafford to have
ingrafted into the law of nations, and for
which ten or twenty or fifty million dollars
would be poor compensation. Situated as our
country is, the English doctrine of neutrality
is far more beneficial to us than our own, and
I deeply regret the treaty which attempts to
ingraft upon the law of nations principles
which I believe to be most detrimental to us.
Mr. President. I leave here the discussion
of the principle of international law involved
in the preamble and resolution before the
Senate
But, sir, I cannot refrain from expressing
the regret inspired by the debate which has
occupied the Senate these many days. There
are circumstances connected with it which I
fear will exert a baleful influence. I shall not
imitate the example which has been set by
other Senators. I shall not say to the Senator
from Missouri, as he said to the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] that I pity him for
the course he has taken. That Senator saw fit.
to indulge in a strain of debate never before
witnessed on this floor. Years ago Mr.
Webster resented as unparliamentary the
words " match, and over-matchbut, sir, the
Senator from Missouri, assuming to descend
from a superior plane of intelligence, ex-
pressed his pity for the Senator from New
York_, that he had so grievously erred in offer-
ing his amendment to this resolution. "How
oft would I have gathered you into the fold of
wisdom ; but ye would not. Senator from New
York, I pity you." This is the language held
among equal Senators. I refer to the law when
I say " equal Senators." I know there may be
great distinctions as regards learning, intellect,
and influence; but as regards the courtesy due
from one Senator to another, there is no dis-
tinction among the members of this body, and
such arrogance of language is as reprehensible
as it is discourteous. But, sir, I regret this
debate o« account of the evil influence it can
hardly fail to exert upon the American people.
I hav.e already acquitted the Senator from Mis-
souri of a want of patriotism in promoting this
preamble and resolution upon the ground that
he believes they rest upon no foundation of
fact, and that he is simply attempting to pro-
duce political effect by debate in advance of
investigation. But all men may not be as
charitable as I am. The mass of our citizens
do not know that Senator as well as I do, and
may not reason as technically as 1 have done.
The theory of our naturalization laws is
that the German immigrant, landing upon our
shores, and being admitted to citizenship
under the United States, renounces in fact as
in form all allegiance to and partiality for his
native land, and becomes to all intents and
purpose an American ; an Ameiican in inter-
est, in principle, and in feeling. If this theory
be found not to be vindicated by the fact, then
our naturalization laws will go to the wall.
If a German, landing upon our shores, seek-
ing and obtaining admission to our nationality,
and elected by our people to this Senate; a
man of experience and cultivation, is not able
to cast off his allegiance to his native land, and
so far to divorce himself from affection toward
his own country as to consult the interests of
America even as against Germany; if he, in
the American Senate, he a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and as such
having access to the archives of the State De-
partment and to all the secrets of our foreign
policy; if he cannot rise above the feelings
of partial love which, it may be charged, must
bind every man to his native land, then it
would follow that the theory upon which our
naturalization laws rest is not supported by
facts, and it would merit serious consideration
whether those laws should not be changed.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will permit
me, I just came into the Chamber when he
commenced that passage, and I did not hear
what preceded it. Did I understand the Sen-
ator to charge that I have not cast off my
allegiance to any foreign country ?
Mr. CARPENTER. When I want to charge
that, I will say so.
Mr. SCHURZ. I merely asked you whether
that was what preceded the last sentence ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask the Sen-
ator another question just as pertinent as that:
Does he mean to charge me with committing
murder?
Mr. SCHURZ. I heard the Senator say, "if
he cannot east off his allegiance to another
country," and T asked the Senator simply
whether he had in any previous sentence
charged me with any such thing.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator heard all
that is material. I acquitted him in the out-
set of what would be the serious charge that
he was actuated by partiality for his native
country by the charitable presumption that he
did not believe that the United States had vio-
lated its neutral duties. But I said, as near as
I can recollect, that I regretted this debate on
account of the influence it would exert upon
the people. I then referred to our naturaliza-
tion laws, and stated the theory upon which
they rest—that the foreigner naturalized here
could, and did, so far lay aside his affection
for his native land as to take part with
America even against that native land. And,
speaking of the manner in which the people
would reason upon the subject, I intended
to say, what I now repeat, that the fact that
a native of Prussia, a naturalized citizen and
a Senator of the United States, taking part
in promoting this preamble and resolution
might be considered by the people, who do not
understand as well as I do that the object of
this proceeding is to make political capital
in our own country by unfounded accusation,
without expectation that the investigation will
show that our nation hasbeen in fault in regard
to its neutral duties, would be considered, un-
justly in fact, but still considered, as evidence
that a naturalized citizen would take the part
of his native country against our own ; and
thereupon the people would question the wis-
dom of our naturalization laws.
Having repeatedly disclaimed the intention
of fixing upon the Senator from Missouri the
charge that he has been unfaithful to his oath
of allegiance to this country, 1 shall be under-
stood when I say that I fear the people will
not reason as charitably as I do, and that for
this reason our American citizens may be
poisoned against the policy of our naturaliza-
tion laws, as they would not be if they knew
that the Senator from Missouri was laboring
in the capacity of an American politician to
produce an immediate effect injurious to Gen-
eral Grant, without the slightest expectation
that the investigation would establish any just
ground for Prussia to complain against U5.
Mr. President, let no man infer from this,
and, most of all, let no man charge me with
being a Know-Nothing. I have vindicated my
friendship for the naturalization laws every-
where and always. I have always voted in
this Chamber to enlarge and never to restrict
the scope of our laws upon naturalization. I
have always voted with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Scmner] against excluding
John Chinaman from the privileges of citizen-
ship, though I believe the Senator from Mis-
souri (but I am not sure of this) has voted
against me upon this subject. I have always
voted to open our doors to all nations and to
all men, because I have ever believed that the
great mass of naturalized citizens were as hon-
estly devoted to the interests of our country
as the native-born citizens. And I do not
believe that the mass of German-American
citizens will follow any leader in a crusade
against our own country or its Administration
upon the ground of partiality for the father-
land.
Why, sir, what is meant by allegiance? Al-
legiance is an old term of the law. Fealty
was sworn in a certain solemn, prescribed
manner by the tenant to his immediate lord,
but when his oath of fealty had to be taken to
the superior lord, the king, then it was called
the oath of allegiance, and that oalh, as admin-
istered in England for six hundred years, con-
tained this promise :
"To be true and faithful to the king and his heirs,
and truth and faith to bear of life and lnnb and ter-
rene honor, and not to know or hear of any ill or
damaee intended him without defending him there-
from."
Our statute in regard to naturalization was
intended to secure this fidelity on the part of
the naturalized citizen toward our country. It
is provided:
" Firxt. ile shall have declared on oath or affirma-
tion before the supreme, superior,.district, or circuit
court of some one of tho States or of the Territories
north, west, or south of the river Ohio, or a circuit
or district court of the United States, three years at
