10tf4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Indiana says, have no bond of union holding
them together; they are all at loose ends ; they
are all on wheels; they are all floating ; and
there is no such thing as homogeneity among
them. I quote now from the Tribune and
Republican of the city of Omaha, and State of
Nebraska, a paper which finds fault with me
for the position that I occupy on questions
that have just been before the Senate; but
when it begins to look at the interests of Gen-
eral Grant, and comes to contemplate the con-
dition of affairs and his supporters in the Sen-
ate of the United States, it then certainly
gives me great gratification to peruse its edit-
orials. Under the heading of "Questionable
Fellows'' it says:
"This is the just phrase with which the Boston
Transcript, a strong Republican journal, character-
izes  ; and the Hartford Post says, 'The
President's next friends in the Senate* * *
* * ' are making more headway against his
renomination than all the opposition to him through-
out the country.5 "We are not disposed to apply
harsh or disrespectful epithets to men occupying
the high and honorable position of United States
Senators; but it is very clear that a few violent
extremists in the Kepublican party should not be
allowed to put themselves before the country as the
special champions of the President."
In other words, this Republican editor says,
"Gentlemen, get out of the way; you shall not
damage our chief; you are nothing but a few
impracticable schemers and extremists." The
article proceeds:
"Nothing could be so fatal to the prospects of his
renomination as such a state of things. For these
men cannot be accepted as the fair exponents of the
party. They are known to be ambitious, single-
barreled demagogues."
That is the language of the Administration
organ in the city of Omaha, and that is what
the editor says of the leading, controlling spirits
in the movement that is so dear to his heart.
He says:
"They are known to be ambitious, single-barreled
demagogues, neither great men nor especially
patriots—with, perhaps, a couple of exceptions."
_ He does not specify the exceptions among
his brethren here:
" They are men with whom President Grant can
have naturally very little sympathy, for he is one of
those wisely conservative men whose whole history
shows that he believes neither in hasty nor extreme
action, but in that which is safe and well considered.
On the other hand is a boisterous, reck-
less, prejudiced extremist, whose counsels it would,
inline cases out of ten, be quite unsafe to follow.
" If, instead of such men as have hitherto forced
themselves into that position, the President would
ca.ll about him as advisers the able and truer and
tried men of the party, those representative of the
great popular conservative sentiment of the coun-
try,nothing could prevent his triumphal reelection."
That is the position taken by the organ of
the Administration in the State which I in part
represent, and it is an utter repudiation of the
leaders here, saying substantially that unless
President Grant can shake off these men he is
gone. I wish Senators to understand what the
editors of the country, their own friends, think
of the position in which they put themselves
here when'they undertake to teach the people
that " all is lovely," and that they are certain
of a future triumph.
Further, the Chronicle, of this city, within
a few days past published an article on the
subject of the collector of customs in the city
of Philadelphia having resigned that position,
and says that—■
"He"—
Meaning Colonel Forney—
"feels that it is time to cry 'halt!' onee more to
the desperate men who are trying to use the name
of General Grant to keep them ia or help them to
office."
He feels that these men who are trying to
keep in office and clinging to General Grant
are mining the General, and therefore he pro-
poses to cry "halt." Then after he has lost
all the friends who are in office, as one editor
says, and then has lost all who are trying to
get in, he will be strong, when his friends are
gone, and he will be reelected !
The honorable Senator from Indiana did not
call our ^attention to the Indianapolis Journal.
The Indianapolis Journal I have always under-
stood to be a stanch Republican paper, pub-
lished in the city of Indianapolis, the residence
of the Senator. That paper not long since
expressed its strong preference for the renom-
ination of General Grant, but in the light of
recent developments it sees proper to make
this important proviso:
" Quite a number of Indiana papers have spoken
favorably of Mr. Colfax's candidacy for the Pres-
idency. For him it is claimed that he would have
more friends and supporters among the disaffected
elements of the Republioan party than any one who
has been named. The friends of Tbumbull, Schuez,
Sumner, Logan, Benton, and Greeley would, it is
said, all cordially unito in his support, and it is
becoming a serious question whether Grant or any
other man can be elected in spite of their opposition.
It is also urged that ever since the death of Mr.
Lincoln the Republican party has been divided, and
that the renomination of Grant would not be likely
to heal our dissensions."
Then, sir, I find also an article on that re-
markably harmonious brotherhood, taken from
a Republican paper in the State of Iowa, the
Marshall (Iowa) Times, which, in canvassing
the grounds for the presentation of that popular
Iowan, James F. Wilson, for the first place on
the ticket, acknowledges a preference for Gen-
eral Grant, but thinks that it would be the
part of wisdom to put this choice aside if his
renomination worked peril to the Republican
party. It says:
"The first question, then, is, can we succeed with
President Grant? It would be folly to deny that
there are considerable elements in the Republican
party that are dissatisfied with the Administration,
and tosuch an extent that they have already called
a Liberal Republican convention, and should that
convention nominate some such man as Trumbull,
Wilson, or Davis, it would not be at all strange
if, under the watch-words of 'reform,' 'revenue,'
' tariff,' Jte.—the common slogans of a party—they
might not succeed. The work of the Republican
party should be to place such a man in nomina-
tion as will^hold the greatest number possible in
the party, instead of driving over more. As we
have said, if we can hold as many Republicans with
Grant asany other man, then we say Grant, if not,
not. It is a plain case. We cannot ignore the fact
that the Germans are a large and powerful element
in the Republican party, and that as a class they are
a3 patriotic and country-loving as the natives them-
selves. Weknow that theirsympathies are with the
great representative man—and, by the way, he is a
man they need not be ashamed of, for he is the peer
of any man in the nation. Cam, Schukz will not
support Grant, for he has said so. Here goes the
great German vote of America against us. Illinois,
whose Legislature passed a resolution indorsing the
one-term rule, is another unfavorable symptom for
Grant, for those favoring the one-term rule are only
using it to defeat Grant."
That is the evidence of harmony that comes
up from the State of Iowa, when they canvass
the present condition of alfairs and the ter-
rible extremity of the party.
I hold in my hand also a leader from the
Providence Press, which I understand to be
a Republican paper in the State of Rhode
Island, in which the editor says:
" General Grant has been in the hands of thieves
and swindlers, and is still in the same position.
Ihese corrupt villains have managed not only to
control by their influence the appointments, but
have put the thumb-screws on some of the Secre-
taries who are the President's advisers; and, still
not content, have evidently obtained such an influ-
ence over a majority of the Administration Sena-
tors as to make them fly to the protection and cover
of these cormorants when their thieving trade is in
danger of exposure. We expressed the sentiments
ot all honest Republicans, and our peoplegenerally,
at the time when an investigating committee was
moved by Senator Trumbull. His motion had the
same effect as the explosion of a bomb-shell in the
Senate, at the White House, and in offiee-holdin"
circles in New York. The Administration Senators
ran hurriedly to their caucus council and confessed
their weakness m the vote to table the proposition
of Mr. Ieumbull, and thus prevent investigation,
-then came the unparliamentary and disgraceful
dodge of appointing a committee suited to the situ-
ation of affairs, Messrs. Trumbull and Schukz not
being named upon it. That investigating commit-
tee are making trouble for the ring. They are send-
ing distress into the bosoms of certain Administra-
tion leaders m the Senate and House, and they are
i profoundly disturbing the Cabinet and General
j Grant himself. The people are getting their eyes
open to the fact that our national affairs have be-
come corrupt, and that a ' ring' has control of nearly
every department."
I have any amount of such comments as
those before me from the very papers that are
appealed to by these men, and are brought in
proof here of the popularity of their candidate
and the soundness of their cause to-day.
Now, sir, I desire to say distinctly to the
honorable Senator from Indiana that I have
been of the opinion for some time that one of
the difficulties in the way of his contemplated
success is that the people of this country have
looked into this Chamber, and they have come
to the conclusion that there is established hero
to all intents and purposes a tyranny over the
opinions, the freedom, and the rights of the
men they have sent here to represent them ;
and I shall address myself to that subject for a
short time for the purpose of proving to his
complete satisfaction and the satisfaction of
the Senate and the country that that conclu-
sion, to a very alarming and disgraceful extent,
is true.
On the 5th day of March, 1869, the first bill
offered in the Senate was one for the repeal of
the law "regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices." By that law the right of the Senate
was declared to exercise control in removals
from as well as appointments to office ; but
the self-constituted friends of the President
sought the repeal of the law, so that he might
remove independent of the Senate. This bill
for repeal was presented on the first day after
the inauguration of President Grant, and the
subject came up for action in the Senate on
the 16th of March, 1869, being twelve days
after the inauguration. Up to this time there
had been no discussion in the Senate indicat-
ing opposition to the President.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
moved to take up House bill No. 3, of the
same character with Senate bill No. 1, stating
that the Committee on the Judiciary proposed
an amendment to strike out the word "re-
pealed" and insert "suspended till the next
session of Congress."
On this proposition a debate ensued, in which
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] said:
" The proposition made by the committee, I re-
peat, is indorsed upon its back by the words 'dis-
trust,' .trial,' and 'probation ;' and although it was
not so intended, although it was presented by an
ttblfe committee in this Senate, than which there is
none abler, it is scarcely less than offering an indig-
nity to the President of the United States."
Senator Yates, of Illinois, said:
" I am not in favor of any mere suspension of this
act." *«****«.:*
That itself, as has been well remarked by tho
Senator from Indiana, is aproclamation of distrust."
**« *♦ „**
'Sir, lean only,I might say express my abhor-
rence of the distrust wnich is arising toward the
administration of the President of the United States,
even before there is the first suspicion of dishonesty
or improper conduct on the part of,that Administra-
tion.
Again he said:
"f ?r??os?; ar? to have an organization
cfile1" President, that it shall be upon priu-
Other Senators followed in the same strain,
indicating plainly that non-concurrence in the
views of a few assumed leaders would cause
the dissenting Senators to be branded before
tho President as his enemies, who are showing
their " distrust" of him by attempting to place
him "on trial, on probation;" and would
reveal to him his true friends filled with
"abhorrence" at the "indignity offered him."
On that day, then and there, was distinctly
marked out the line of conduct to be followed
up toward Senators who should be tardy in
granting the demands of the President, made
in person or by proxy.
But tho manly, independent sentiment of
true representatives of States and Constitu-
tion, found utterance in the words of Senators
Howard and Fessenden. Mr. Fessenden said :
J™whn£leonsiaor 'hat in,y man hel'° a right
to say that thesuspension of tho law would bea reflcc-
of0thePPrcsidcnteSldent 01 *"* ®xpression of distrust
t think the day has gone by when with good
tasto we here ra the Senate should think it neces-
sary to be continually slavering the President, and
vietonos andhis baltles'and a"
I think, sir, that wo should have some respect
for ourselves, and when a matter of legislation i*
proposed affecting the great interestsof this coun-
try, we, as Senators, should look not to a coordinate
branch of the Government to inquire what our duties
