2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
27
a
281-
in the city of New York from 1825 to 1860, by
periods of time corresponding to the continu-
ance of the different tariff enactments :
Common. Merino. Pulled.
Cents. Cents. ('ents.
1825 to 1828, high tariff  28i 423 27
18^9 to 1832, high tariff  26 44i 38r
1833 to 1841, low tariff  34 49 4:
1842 to 1840, high tariff  23i 32
1847 to 1856, low tariff  32 39
1857 to I860, low tariff  35t 44-
These prices are the averages for each pe-
riod. Now compare the prices of wool in the
same city in 1860, at the close of sixteen years
of nou-protection, with the price in 1801), after
eight years of protection :
1860. 1869—gold.
Saxony flecce SO 54@S0 58 $0 46 @3.0 50
FulU.lood Merino  48® j2 3111 ® 44
Extra pulled  42® 46 AJM 37.
Superfine pulled   3ite 40 So ft 38
No. 1 pulled    28/f 30 i> @ 27s
California unwashed. .. . -46x oZ Ll («✓ lo
Aa u further illustration, take thft article of
wheat. The market reports of our principal
cities show the remarkable fact that with re-
markable regularity for more than fifty years
this staple product of the farm has uniformly
gone up as our tariffs went down, and declined
as our tariffs advanced. I jiave here a table
showing the price of wheat in the city ol New
York from 1820 to 1809 by periods of ten years:
1820, under protection per bushel SI 00
1830, under protection per bushel 1 Oti
1810, nun-protcction per bushel 1 10
lHoO, non-protection per bushel 1 2o
18(>0, non-protection per bushel 1 50
1869, protection, gold, per bushel  1 06
I have here anot her table which I find in a
work entitled "Does Protection Protect?"
from which also the data in the two last tables
I have given were taken, giving the price ot
flour duimg various periods from 1839 to 18G7 :
Avcr<((jv price of jloui\
l^our years, from 1839 to 1842, (fteo trade,) $5 45
Four years, from 1X4.> to 1HHi. (protection,)  4 46
JOifflit years, from 1851 to 1801, (froo trade,)  4 47
tfix yours, trom 18(52 to 18l>7, (protection,)  4 91
Average prico lor twolvo years under free
trade 0 13
Average price for ton years uuder protection.... 4 <o
These illustrations might be extended, but
they lire quite sufficient to establish the fact
that the great staple products ot' the farm have
always found the best market under the lowest
tariff; and therefore it is true that every
effort to levy protective duties is so much tax
upon agriculture.
But, Mr. Chairman, the whole burden is not,
as I have heretofore shown; confined to the
duties levied. Who, sir, can estimate the
burden which is imposed upon the agricultur-
ists of this country in the increased cost in the
removal of their products to market caused by
the enhanced coat of railways, every mile of
which pays some $3,000 duty upon its iron,
or what is equivalent, if of American manu-
facture, the enhancement in price to the full
margin of its protection; with which, enorm-
ous us it is, the iron-masters are not content,
but having grown insolent with their accumula-
tions, have the impudence and audacity to ask
that new lines of projected railway, seeking
congressional action, shall not have the poor
privilege of paying the duties and laying down
foreign iron, but have been required as a con-
dition upon which the favors of Congress have
been awarded that they shall lay down none
but iron of American manufacture?
Mr. Chairman, having referred to the con-
dition of the country and the effect of tariff
legislation, 1 desire to say in conclusion that
the reforms which are demanded as the neces-
sity of the hour are radical in their nature, and
should be thorough and sweeping in t.heir
application if relief to an overburdened peo-
ple is to be expected as a result. In the last
fiscal year our receipts from customs revenues
were $206,270,695, being an average of forty-
four per cent, upon all dutiable goods. The
bill now uuder consideration proposes a reduc-
tion in gross of $18,952,438, which is not one
third of what it should be. Sir, a reduction
of at least $60,000,000 of the customs duties
should be at once effected, or upon such notice
to the country as not to too suddenly disturb
the business of the country.
Twenty-five per cent, duty, as an average,
upon foreign importations would give a rev-
enue, upon the basis of lastyear's imports, pf
§130.000,000; but with the known elasticity
of the revenue, as evidenced in past, years,
together with the increased importations of
articles now practically prohibited, we might
with certainty expect the revenue from cus-
toms in the first year after such reduction to
reach at least $150,000,000. This amount,
with our revenues derived from internal taxes,
oven after the reduction proposed by the pend-
ing bill, will give $280,000,000, a sufficiency
for an economical administration of the Gov-
ernment and the payment of the interest upon
the public debt.
Then, sir, having put your system of taxation
upon a sound basis, thrust the pruning knite
of reform into the civil list. Turn out the
supernumeraries who infest every department
of the civil service. Dismiss the incompetent
from place, thrust from office with the brand
of dishonor the dishonest mercenaries who
cling to power "that thrift may follow fawn-
ing." Break up the plundering rings which
infest your capital and pursue their nefaiious
schemes ofpeculation upon iheTreasury. Give
amnesty to the South in the removal of their
disabilities, and peace to the country, and then
reduce your standing Army for which you will
no longer have need except upon the Indian
frontier. These reforms effected and you will
have from $25,000,000 to $40,000,000 to apply
to the reduction of the national debt. Public
confidence will be restored, the industries of
the country will no longer be depressed ; labor
no longer plundered by your unjust and iniqui-
tous tariffs, will receive a fair recompense in
the just divisions of its joint earnings with
capital. Yonr ship-yards will again resound
with the clangor of the shipwright, and our
national ensign will again float from the masts
of our ships upon every sea.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Soo-
fieli) reported that pursuant to the order of
the House the Committee of the Whole on ihe
state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
more particularly the bill of the House (No.
2322) to reduce duties on impoits and to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
leave oe absence.
Mr. DU BOSE was granted leave of absence
for ten days from Monday next.
- Mr. YOUNG was granted leave of absence
for three days.
Mr. BEAITY was granted leave of absence
for one week.
Mr. GARRETT was granted leave of absence
for fifteen days from Monday next.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Members will take notice
that on and after Monday next the House will
meet at eleven o'clock a. m.
'The motion to adjourn was agreed to ; and
accordingly (at four o'clock and twenty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned until
Monday next at eleven o'clock'a. m.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of J. M.
Curry, J. M. Watson, Minor Colvin, and 60
others, growers of and dealers in leaf tobacco
in the county of Pendleton and State of Ken-
tucky, protesting against any advance on the
present tax on smoking tobacco, &c.
Also, the petition of T. J. Oldham, W.
H. Roberts, A. I. McKinney, and 59 others,
o-rowers of and dealers m leat tobacco in
the county of Pendleton and State of Ken-
tucky, protesting against any advance on the
present tax on smoking tobacco, &c.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Mrs.
Emma Husgrove. widow of E. R. Husgrove,
of company F, eighth Tennessee cavalry pray-
ing Congress to remove her political disabili-
ties, by reason of which she is prevented from
drawing a pension.
Also, the petition of William R. Duncan, of
Tennessee, late of company G, third Tennes-
see volunteers, asking Congress for a pension.
By. Mr. i£. H. ROBERTS: The petition
of citizens of Utica. New York, for the increase
of pensions to soldiers of the Union perma-
nently disabled during the war by the loss of
eyes or limbs.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 29, 1872.
Prajer by Rev. Joseph M. Trimble, D. D.,
of Columbus, Ohio.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of the proceedings of Saturday last.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia objects, and the read-
ing will be proceeded with.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
order of business.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, after the morn-
ing business is concluded, to call up Senate
bill No. 522, the bill legulating the sale of
coal lands.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. Pending the
call of petitions, the Senator from Nevada
asks unanimous consent to take up ths bill
in regard to the sale of coal lands, subject
to the morning business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 object to that, not
because I have any objection to the bill, but
because I think we can get on best by fol-
lowing the tegular course of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. Petitions and memorials are in order.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Wiley A. Hagler, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
He also presented the petition of Claude H.
Masten, praying payment for the use of a pri-
vate hospital occupied by officers of the Uni-
ted States Army in 1865; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the
memorial of George W. Anderson, asking for
reimbursement of proceeds of the sale of cer-
tain mining stock sold under illegal decrees of
the United States district court for the south-
ern district of New York ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
and merchants of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, .
praying the removal of the political and civil
disabilities of Presley T. Glass, of Lauder-
dale, Tennessee; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present a memorial
very numerously signed by officers of the Navy,
headed by the Admiral, respectfully but
earnestly remonstrating pgainst the transfer
or restoration of officers from the retired list
to the active list without recommendation
from the Department; and also against the
practice of advancing officers by personal legis-
lation over their seniors without reoommenda-
