1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
arranged as to give employment to his constit-
uents, and to get at as low a rate as he could
everything that anybody else supplied to his
constituents. I found they were all playing
that, game, Democrats and Republicans alike.
So it is all over the United States. You can-
not make a political platform out of the tariff,
because in making a tariff everybody wants to
promote his own prosperity, and sometimes
I fear many seek to cut off the prosperity of
others. Members of Congress will try so to
arrange it as to have as cheap as possible
everything that will benefit their districts by
being cheap; but when it strikes their own
constituents, they are fierce tariff men so far as
relates to the industries in which their own
constituents are concerned. On the occasion
to which I refer, I listened to Democrats when
they were trying to give some reason for pro-
tecting a particular article in their district.
They gave many reasons, but when all argu-
ments failed the general idea seemed to be,
"If you are going to have a grab game, I want
to be in." So it is here. When manufactures
are springing up all over the South and West,
the members from there seek to promote their
prosperity ; they want to see their people em •
ployed, and when that is the case all over the
country, you cannot, get up any general excite-
ment on the tariff question.
In my country we manufacture very few
things ; we are mostly consumers. There are,
however, some items in the tariff that benefit
our region. There is the tariff duty on wool.
On the Pacific coast an immense woolen in-
dustry has now been built up. The region all
through the mountains, from the Laramie
plains west, is a good wool country, and Cali-
fornia is particularly adapted to the growing
of wool. I was there a few days last, summer,
and my friends called on me about this wool
question and wanted to know if it was going
to be disturbed. The way they are producing
wool there now, they will soon bring down
the price. The country there is as good for
producing wool as any part of South America,
and it can be produced as cheaply. The only
point is to get the interest established there.
Let it once be established, and there will be
competition enough in a few years to bring
down the price of wool. Those manufactur-
ing wool need not be alarmed about it, be-
cause we have there a great country fit for
growing wool and nothing else. The mountain
region is particularly adapted to that business.
We will have plenty of wool in this country and
plenty of competition in a few years, and the
price of wool will go down. The little impetus
of the tariff duty on wool makes those people
go into it, and the result will be in a few years
to bring about a great reduction in the price
of wool. I suppose there are now three or
four limes as many sheep raised m California
as there were when the present tariff was
passed.
The people in that region are in favor of a
tariff on wool, no matter what their polities
are. Plenty of wool-growers are Democrats ;
they are mixed up, Democrats and Repub-
licans, and so it is throughout the various dis-
tricts of the country. The price of wool is
going to be regulated by the production in this
country, and there will be plenty of compe-
tition in that particular. With our country
large as it is, with the varied resources it has,
competition will reduce prices no matter what
tariff yon put on. 1 do not see any force in
the argument that the tariff duties are charged
on the price of the article sold in the country
as so much additional cost to the people. Iu
point of fact, there is no doubt that a tariff
duty frequently cheapens an article. The fact
that our great iron resources are developed,
the fact mat our mountain regions are grow-
ing wool, the fact that other industries are
developed in this country, producing a greater
amount of the various articles in the world,
has a tendency to reduce prices. If you leave
the manufacture of any one article exclusively
to a particular country they have control of
the question and can regulate prices. England
to-day wants to raise the price on her articles
because her labor is very much disorganized ;
she is having labor strikes; she is havinggreat
difficulties to keep up her labor system for
want of a market. Give her the markets of
the world, and she can raise the price of labor
there. That is what she says; but I prefer to
raise it here and let the laborers come here.
"VVheu I was abroad, one gentleman said to
me, " We took the tariff off corn in England,
and it did not hurt us," and he thought that
that was certainly a knock-down argument. I
said to him, "Why, my dearsir, it was very'well
for you to take the tariff off corn; you have
no place to grow corn ; you have to buy it for
your own use." That was just such a proposi-
tion as we are talking about here now to take
the tariff off tea and coffee. It is well enough
for them to put on the free list things they
cannot produee at home in sufficient quanti-
ties; things that do not come into competition
with their own labor. They have not land
enough to support their own people ; and the
same reason which justified England in taking
her tariff off corn, of which so much has been
said, applies now to our taking the tariff off
tea and coffee. The tariff duty on tea and
coffee is adead, coldtax, without anyresulting
benefit to anybody. If you proceed on that
principle in the United States, to levy dead,
cold taxes, without giving any relief in any
direction, without reference to benefiting any-
body, you will have very severe financial
troubles. Our country under the present tariff
has prospered as no country ever prospered
before. Our success is perfectly marvelous.
It is a marvel to the whole world.
Mr. SHERMAN. And yet we have a tax
on tea and coffee.
Mr. STEWART. We have prospered in
spite of that. I am speaking only of the prin-
ciple. You cannot prove that a tax on tea
and coffee has done us any good. We have
prospered because we have protected home
industry ; we have not prospered because we
protect the Chinese ; we have not prospered be-
cause we protect the laborers in South America
and in the islands where they produce coffee.
We have prospered because we have built up
the iron interest; because we have built up the
woolen interest; because we have built up the
manufacturing interest generally ; because we
have been enabled to keep up the price of labor.
It is because we have been able to draw Irom
the labor centers of Europe two hundred and
fifty or three hundred thousand laborers, be
cause we pay them more, because we have had
something for them to do in this country, and
because our farmers have had a market at
home. The market, for our products abroad
is a mere trifle compared with the market at
home. You feed a thousand mouths at home
where you feed ten abroad. The men who
have immigrated to this country during the
last ten years iu consequence of your high
tariff, consume more of your products, buy
more of your wheat and corn, than all you
send to Europe, and you create a better market
every year by your tariff than all that they take
from you. England only takes from you occa-
sionally in a bad year what she capnot get
from other countries where there is cheap
labor. That demand cannot be depended
upon ; but when you have them here produc-
ing what you use, when the country itself is
self-sustaining, you have a continuous market
on which you can rely.
I must confess that I cannot sympathize
with the idea of levying our taxes in such a
maimer as to benefit foreign countries. I
want them levied to benefit our own people.
I have submitted these rough reflections that
happened to occur to me while this discussion
was going on, and 1 will listen now and see if
I can understand the rest of the argument.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to take
any time iu the discussion of the tariff ques-
tion ; but beginning where the Senator from
Nevada left off, I thought perhaps I might be
able to speak upon one point, because the
tariff is so extensive and varied that if we
undertake to speak upon the whole of' it, we
never shall finish. I am encouraged to do
this because there is now before the Senate
one distinctive proposition. The Senator from
Illinois has moved as an amendment to an
amendment, that we add salt to the free list-
In illustrating the effect of the tariff, perhaps,
for a moment, we can consider that one ques-
tion atid see what it is. The Senator from
Nevada has very well said in making a tariff
we ought to discriminate so as to protect labor;
but where raw materials, like tea and coffee,
are not produced in this country, there is no
advantage to the laboring man in protecting
them, and they might as well come in on the
free list.
But is that true of salt? What is salt made
of it; in its value, I mean ; I am not talking
about the quality of the salt ? What are the
component parts of its price? It is not much
of a raw material. Salt is made up for the
most part of labor and coal, and coal is almost
entirely made up of labor and transportation,
in its value, I mean. We give seven dollars
a ton for coal, and all but a dollar and a quarter
of it is labor and transportation. Wegiveacer-
tain price for salt, and all but five cents 
Mr. SHERMAN. No coal in the world costs
a dollar and quarter at tiie mine.
Mr. CONK-LING-. Including royalty, some
say it is $1 20.
Mr. SHERMAN. One dollar a ton is all
the miner gets.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no five cents
on salt. It is wholly labor. I can show you
a tract of country one hundred miles in diam-
eter whore you can bore anywhere and get the
richest salt. It is all labor.
Mr. POMEROY. I am only arguing on
this question for the sake of illustrating the
point; I did not suppsse I was exactly definite
in regard to price. That is not the point; but
the Senator from Michigan is not right in say-
ing it is all labor. It is not quite all labor.
There is about one cent on a bushel in New
York that the taw material is worth.
Mr. CHANDLER. But we have no such
tax. It is all labor with us.
Mr. POMEROY. But it is so nearly all
labor, that when we come to talk about the
value of salt it is made up of labor in one
form or another to a great extent. Now, the
question comes in regard to a tariff. _ What
kind of protection will you give? Will you
protect those articles the component parts of
which are mostly raw material gathered from
other countries, or will you protect those arti-
cles the very elements of which are made
up of the labor of our own people? That is
the simple, plain question, as well as I can
state it.
I know that there are only a few places in
the United States where they manufacture
salt, but it is an immense interest notwith-
standing. There are a great many places
where they would manufacture it if the j>r'ice
would justify it. There are in the center of this
continent vast salt basins where salt could be
quarried in immense quantities, as well as in
the islands of the sea, if it were not for the
cost of transportation. The Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] says it is so in Louisiana.
Now, shall we so cripple the interest in this
country, and so depreciate its price, that it will
not be any object for anybody to manufacture
it here? That is the question.
1 know that the State which I am trying m
part to represent has a little salt interest.
Several new salt manufacturing establishments
are trying to get into lile there, and they have
to struggle against the great monopolies in
New York and Kentucky, and then they have
to struggle against low prices, because the fact
is that these great monopolies which aie man-
ufacturing salt will put it down in the ueigh-
