1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
are, but look to those duties themselves, to what the
interests of the country require; and even if we feel
called upon to do something that may be disagree-
able to the Chief Magistrate of the nation, much as
we respect, and much as the people love him, that is
the misfortune of our condition, but our duty is to
do it, and not to inquire whether the President is a
man very much beloved or ortherwise, bufto do our
duty here in relation to that matter, as to all others."
Whoever remembers—and we all remem-
ber—th e purity of taste and propriety of dictio n,
the princely bearing, and dignified courtesy
that invariably attended this lamented Senator,
will infer the great provocation that caused
him to designate the course of the active Sen-
ators as " slavering."
Mr. Howard said:
"For myself I mast protest against the imputa-
tion, so often thrown out by the honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton! and by th© honorable
Senator from Illinois, (Mr. lates.) that those of us
who do not favor the absolute repeal of thetenure-
of-office act, or its suspension even, show a want of
confidenec in the present Executive of the United
States. Sir, there is no foundation for this.
" Let me say here that neither the present Exec-
utive nor any other human being shall ever cause
me to swerve a hair's breath from that line of legisla-
tive duty which I feel resting upon me. I have not
been taught, and I will never learn the lesson, God
helping me, to
" ' Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee
Where thrift may follow fawning.'"
That was the quotation made by Senator
Howard on that day. When it was attempted
in this Senate to brand him as unworthy of the
confidence of the President of the United
States if he undertook to legislate on any ques-
tion that had not been cut and dried for him,
he declared that whatever other Senators might
do, he would never
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee
Where thrift may follow fawning."
Worthy words! Worthy to be inscribed on
any monument that shall hereafter be reared
to the name and to perpetuate the memory of
so high-toned and independent an American
Senator.
It is, then, very evident that the impression
was made in the Senate, so early as the second
week of this presidential term, that there was
an effort made to have Senators retaember
that difference of opinion could be charged up
against, them at the White House, and the
safest, course of action was to take their polit-
ical pabulum straight, " asking no questions for
conscience sake." Often, on occasions since,
whon i-t has been deemed important to prevent
investigation or silence out-spoken Senators,
the same line of defense has been adopted, as
in the case of Davi3 Hatch, of Connecticut.
A Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Perry]
presented the petition of Davis Hatch, who
alleged that he had been imprisoned in San
Domingo, and held there'in durance vile, so
that he could not return to the United States
and operate against the San Domingo treaty.
But inasmuch as he charged that General Bab-
cock, who negotiated the treaty for the Pres-
ident, was accessory to his detention, the
ground was at once taken in the Senate that
to investigate the case of this persecuted Amer-
ican citizen was an " indirect way of assailing
the President or any person who has been
connected with the negotiation." To this
allegation I myself replied as follows, (see
Globe, part five, second session Forty-First
Congress, page 4200:)
" I do not foel that it is a legitimate mode of dis-
cussion among Senators to intimate that our action
is to be construed at all by anybody as against
the President of the united States. I do not think
it is fair or legitimate; but I do think when a
Senator stands here, and, upon his honor as a Sen-
ator, asks an investigation in behalf of a citizen
whose reputation he pledges is as pure as his own, it
is not my business to ask where this investigation is
to bring up; it is to hear my fellow-Senator and to
accede to his request."
And so this became a very popular mode of
degrading certain Senators in the eyes of the
Executive, and of publishing the fidelity of
the ever-faithful informer.
_ How many Senators have been forced into
silence, how many driven from the post of
duty, or how many may have repented and
received absolution, on account of this over-
ready instrument of attack and torture, I can-
not say; but the inference is that it has met
the most sanguine expectations of its inventors
and patentees, from the fact that very recently,
when frauds were to be exposed by the ap-
pointment of a Committee on Retrenchment
and Keform, the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] proclaimed with terrible solemnity
and thrilling sorrow—
" I am not mistaken about the whole drift of this
debate. It has been to show that there is corruption
existing under this Administration, and gross cor-
ruption."
From all this it is evident that the mode of
chastisement is still to be followed to the end
of the term. I know it is not desirable to have
your constituents perpetually warned that you
are refusing to sleep with the President; but I
do know that mine would give the lie direct
to any man who should affirm that I would
barter their interests or my own honor for the
beggarly crumbs of executive favor.
From the subsequent course of the Presi-
dent, there is no doubt but that he passed
under the influence of these mercenary ap-
peals and stood ready to visit political punish-
ment upon all men who doubted his immacu-
late infallibility. Fearing that this first mode
of intimidation might lose its influence upon
Senators who supposed themselves under some
obligations to their States and the United
States Constitution, as-well as to the Presi-
dent, a new rule of authority was adopted,
namely, informing our constituents that Dem-
ocrats were voting with us.
And when was this adopted? And why was
it adopted? It was adopted as soon as the
discovery was made that the President's body
guard intended to make the first object of their
reconstruction laws the perpetuation in power
of the Republican party of the South, then in
the hands of the carpet-baggers and newly en-
franchished negroes, while liberal Republicans
declared their object to reconstruct in such a
manner as to restore every State to all the
powers allowed any one State under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and to leave all
political parties free to occupy only such posi-
tions as the people should assign them. Ex-
clusive, special political action was defended
by all the extreme Radicals, and was opposed
by all the liberal, independent Republicans and
Democrats, Hence the foolish charge of
alliance with Democrats only because Demo-
crats refused to sustain their positions.
Another instrumentality which was expected
to complete the work of subjugating independ-
ent senatorial action was the party caucus,
invoked sometimes to initiate measures, and
again to terminate action in the Senate when
the reins of power and direction had been
snatched by unhallowed hands from the grasp
of audacious self-constituted control. In one
memorable instance, that of deposing the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scm-
nek,] the cool infamy of the system had a
most degrading triumph.
From the caucus expression as published in
the papers the Senator's friends were only six
in the minority on a Republican count; which
showed plainly, as many thought, that in open
Senate they would be in the majority by the
accession of the Democratic vote. There was
then no doubt but he would be sustained, for
the Senate was in his favor. But all good
Republicans were called on to submit, not to
the will of the Senate, but to the will of a party
caucus, and vote against their convictions, or,
as a minority of the party, sit dumb at their
desks and allow a majority of their associates
to vote down the Democrats and strike down
the man who had fallen under the ban of the
Executive and the delicate displeasure of the
festive Secretary of State. Having cast twenty-
one votes in the caucus in favor of Mr. Sttm-
ner's retention on his committee, they tried
their strength in the Senate, sustained by ten
Democrats, and could only raise in all sixteen
votes. The demoralizing influence of the cau-
cus is best illustrated by the words of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman :]
"Ido here repeat what I have said in other places
that I regard this change as unjustifiable, as impol-
itic, as unnecessary, and that no reason haa been
given which ought, in my judgment, to induce the
change. I feel it nccessary, for my own personal
consistency, to say that while I shall vote to confirm
the report, which displaces the Senator from Massa-
chusetts from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
yet after a full consideration, and hearing all the
arguments that have been made, pro and eon, there
is no reason which in my judgment should have
induced the majority to make this change."
Finally he said :
'• Therefore, sir, while I feel bound to utter my
opinion that this is an unwise proceeding, made
without sufficient cause; yet, in my judgment, it
ought not to be debated here. It is settled."
_ So, then, though "unjustifiable," "impoli-
tic," and "unnecessary;" and "without rea-
son" and "unwise," he would sustain the act
because "it had been settled." Where set-
tled? In a party caucus, thereby showing
that the United States Senate could not unset-
tle the higher decisions of a party caucus. In
the caucus where this settlement was effected
I entered my protest and said I would reserve
my vote and voice to be used in the Senate in
giving expression to the indignation of my con-
stituents against the act.
In a recent debate in the Senate the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] gave
vent to his indignation at the tyranny of the
party caucus in the following strain :
"By calling your little meetings and seeking to
direct everybody, no man can be an independent
man in this Senate. Why, sir? If he gets out of
the traces the least bit, according to a certain few,
you call a caucus on him, [laughter;] you will settle
him at once. Then you will send it out to the coun-
try that ho is not obeying the dictates of a Repub-
lican caucus—a caucus about what? A caucus to
advance the interests of the country? No, sir, but
a caucus to advance the interests of individuals and
to strike down others; and if a man refuses to vote
as you direct he is counted out. I must admit that
there are not very many gentlemen who like to jump
against a caucus. I have always been strange in my
notions, and especially in wot doing what others try
to force me to do; and I say to you now that I shall
vote for the resolutions again in this Senate if they
are offered, irrespective of caucuses or anything else,
because I think it is right.
" But to run a party you must have a caucus, if
some Senator does not vote for a resolution that
some other Senator offers you are to call a caucus.
If he votes against something that somebody else
has offered, call a caucus and settle him by your
ea-ucus. It reminds me a good deal of school-boys
playing marbles, and some chap in the crowd hop-
pens to strike what they call the ' middle man' a
little more centrally than the rest, and they get to-
gether and read him out of the game, and take his
marbles and play at the game themselves. [Laugh-
ter.] This is what you ealt honest political action,
and every man who does not come up to the mark
must be read out, and I am one of them."
On the same occasion the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] said:
"Allow me to make one remark before this debate
closes, if it ever shall close. Something has been
said about senatorial caucuses. Now. I shall make
no revelation, but I shall repeat what for ten years
I have said in this Chamber as often as occasion
allowed. _A senatorial caucus is simply a conven-
ience. It is in no respect an obligation on anybody.
To hold that it is, is infinitely absurd and unconsti-
tutional. I mean what I say. It is infinitely absurd
and unconstitutional. We are all under the obliga-
tion of an oath as Senators obliged to transact the
public business under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. We have no right to desert this Cham-
ber and go into a secret conclave and there dispose
ot the public business. I say it is absurd and un-
constitutional to pretend that you have.
'' I make a great, broad, clean distinction between
a nominating convention outside, or a caucus out-
side and a senatorial caucus. A nominating con-
vention or a caucus outside is held in the light of
day; it is open, there are reporters present; it is
under the direct eye of the people. I think tbat all
patriot citizens are beginning to recognize that even
that is a very questionable torm of proceeding, and
I know that there are many who are looking about
anxiously for some way m which to supersede it.
But there is an immense difference between such an
assembly and a senatorial caucus. S'he senatorial
caucus is secret; it is confidential, if you please; it
has no reporters present; it is notm the light of
day. Why, sir, to take the public business fiom this
Chamber and oarr,y it into such a caucus, is a de-
fiance of reason and of the best principles of gov-
ernment. A Senator has no right to abdicate his
duties here in this Chamber. He has no right to go
into a secret chamber and there constrain himself in
regard to the public business.
" What I say now I do not say for the first time m
