1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3763
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2582) making
appropriations for tbe payment of claims re-
ported allowed by the commissioners of
claims under the actof Mareh3,1871, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2421) referring the claim
of the heirs and legal representatives of Colo-
nel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court of
Claims for adjustment, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 403) forthe relief
of Rufus M. Pickel, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 847) for the
relief of Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn,
Overall & Clark, and J. N. Henderson & Co.-,
pf Louisiana, Missouri, asked to be discharged
from it's further consideration, and that it bo
referred to the Committee on Finance; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1131) authorizing the Secretary of
War to correct an Army officer's record,
reported it without amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. STOCKTON asked, and by unanimous
couseut obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1143) for the relief of James D.
Willoughby, ofVineland, New Jersey; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to in-
troduce a bili (S. No. 1144) to give the bark
Jewess an American register ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee orf Commerce.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1145) for the relief of Christian W.
Mornhinoeg ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. NORWOOD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introdude a bill
(S. No. 1146) granting aid to the Atlantic and
Great Western canal; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1147) for the
relief of J. L. Henry ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1148) to
amend the organic act of Montana Territory ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
kentucky" war claims.
Mr. STEVENSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (S.
No. 1054) to reimburse tbe State of Kentucky
for moneys expended for the United States
in enrolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying,
aiming, equipping, paying, and transporting
militia forces to aid in suppressing the rebel-
lion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
supplemental apportionment bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the District school
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a bill already up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont had unanimous consent for the
remainder of the morning hour for the consid-
eration of the apportionment bill. There seems
to be no further morning business.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1343) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act for the apportionment of Represent-
atives to Congress among the several States
according to the ninth census," the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Morton, to strike out the words "to the
Forty-Third Congress only," in line fourteen.
Mr. NORWOOD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will send it to the Chair, the Chair will see
whether it is in order or not.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert at the end of the bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would not
be an amendment to an amendment. It will
be in order after the question shall have been
taken on this amendment. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must ask for the yeas
and nays on that.
The yeas and nays was ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to spend
any time over this, but only to say that the
Senator from California and others yesterday
were mistaken in supposing that this was
giving an unlimited liberty to nine States to
have Representatives by fractions, and to elect
the members at large; but, as a matter of
fact, it will only apply to two or three States
that have already under the law of February
made their distribution of districts, until they
shall be able to make a redistribution, just as
was provided for ten years in the case of Illi-
nois, so that the matter, as a practical matter,
has not the large proportions that Senators
supposed it had. I hope, in order to accom-
modate the difficulty arising from the fact that
some districts have already been adjusted
under the act of February, there will be no
particular opposition to this, because Con-
gress can at any time, at the next session, if
they find any State unreasonably delays a
further apportionment, provide that it shall be
made.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I understand the
matter, the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana allows the States an indefinite option
for the next ten years whether they will elect
at large or by districts the extra Representative.
That applies to all the States where an appor-
tionment was made previous to the allowance
of the additional Representative.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, it only applies to the
additional member provided by this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Precisely, and, accept-
ing that explanation, it corroborates entirely
what I say, that in each of the nine States
where an apportionment has been already made
the effect of the amendment is to leave it open
to the State for ten years to come, that is, un-
til another congressional apportionment is to
be made, to elect by the State at large or else
to provide a district for the Representative
allowed by this bill. I am not mistaken as to
that position of the whole subject; and that
is the particular view with which I oppose the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
I stated the other day at some length what
I regarded as the evils of the practice of elect-
ing a Representative by a State at large. I
shall not, of course, detain the Senate now by
repeating them.
Mr. CONKLING. The other day, when
the Senator from California explained the
objections to this amendment, I could not see
any better than I am able to see now the
force of them. He says truly that the purpose
is to give for ten years to each of the States
affected the option to choose by particular dis-
tricts or this one added Representative upon
a ticket at large. What is the objection to that ?
The Senator discusses it as if he could find
something in the Constitution or at least in
the genius of our Government rendering such
an arrangement abnormal, objectionable, and
yet we know it is not so.
There is nothing in the Constitution, we can
find nothing in any law, to prevent any State in
the Union choosing Representatives located
where she pleases, in the district choosing them
or anywhere else. This must be very familiar
to every Senator. It must be especially familiar
to the Senator from Massachusetts, because a
distinguished chief magistrate of his Common-
wealth, now' no more, in a very able veto mes-
sage, defeated a bill passed by the Massachu-
setts Legislature to which he found no objec-
tion excepting that it required Representatives
to be elected each in the district for which he
was chosen, and he rested his veto upon the
ground that the Constitution first and last fixed
the qualification of Representatives, and inas-
much as it nowhere required that they should
reside in this district or in that, the act of
the Massachusetts Legislature was not merely
a work of supererogation, but was in controven-
tion of the Constitution. In that it had the
very qualification which the Senator from Cali-
fornia seems now, in fact, to deem so import-
ant. Why, Mr. President, in practice it is
not true that constituencies choose Representa-
tives in all cases from the district choosing
them. It has scarcely been true of tho Sena-
tor's party in my own State once for a decade.
I doubt if it has occurred a single time in the
State of New York that the Democratic Rep-
resentatives in Congress have resided in the
districts in which they were chosen.
My friend [Mr. Pomeroy] reminds me of
an occasion when a citizen of New York rep-
resented Oregon in a convention; but I need
not come to that. That same citizen is now
the candidate of the Senator's party or of one
wing of his party, having been repeatedly a
candidate for Congress, but I believe never
ran in the district in which he resides, and
although I am not sure how the fact is, my
impression is that on the occasion when he
was chosen to fill a vacancy he was not chosen
for tbe district in which he lived. Be that
as it may, nothing is more familiar than such
occurrences as I speak of. Martin Van Euren
was chosen by the county of Otsego a delegate
in the constitutional convention. He did not
live in Otsego at all. But do not let me multi-
ply instances. We all know that neither the
Constitution nor the theory of the Govern-
ment prohibits at all or stands in conflict with
the idea that representatives may be chosen
not residing in the district which selects them.
So, too, they have been formerly, and have been
recently chosen upon a ticket at large. My
honorable friend from Illinois, whom 1 do not
see in his seat at this moment, [Mr. Logan,]
was elected from his State as Representative
at large, and did anybody find objection to it?
Not at all that ever I heard of.
Now if there be no objection in law, no
objection in fact, to allowing this option to a
State, what is the occasion and the use of
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana?
Simply this: in certain States, not in all those
to which this applies, the Legislature has gone
through the labor of establishing districts in
the State. The effect of the amendment will
be to exempt those States from the obligation
to go right over this ground again ; that is all.
livery State that chooses to do it, every State
in which the adverse party can obtain a ma-
jority in the Legislature in the next year, or
the next year, or any succeeding year, will have
the power to do it. The adverse party will
have the power to do it. Therefore if it be
supposed that there is partisan advantage in
this, there is none. Of course, if parties in
Legislatures remain as they are, they will have
the power to do it; only under this amend-
ment we commit to each State the question
whether she will undergo the inconvenience
of a rearrangement, of a new turmoil, of a
fresh grapple in the State for paitisan advan-
tages or for other advantages where such may
be gained by the establishment of districts;
or whether, avoiding that labor, avoiding that
difficulty, she will stand where she is, and
elect, as California did for years, a Represent-
ative at large, elect, as Illinois did for years,
