1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I2T
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Amendment to the Constitution—Mr. Hay.
Ho. of Reps.
least before his admission, that it was. hona fide, his
intention to become a citizen ol the United States,
and to renounce forever all allegiance and fidelity
to any foreign prince, potentate, State, orsovereignty
whatever, and particularly, by name, the prince,
potentate, State, or sovereignty whereof such alien
may at the time be a citizen or subject.
" Secondly. He shall, at the time of his application
to be admitted, declare on oath or affirmation, be-
fore some one of the courts aforesaid, that he has
resided within the United States, five years at least,
and within the State or Territory where such court
is at the time held, one year at least; that he will
support the Constitution of the United States; and
that he doth absolutely and entirely renounce and
abjure all allegiance and fidelity to every foreign
prince, potentate, State, or sovereignty whatever,
and particularly, by name, the prince, potentate,
State, or sovereignty whereof he was before a citi-
zen or subject, which proceeding shall be recorded
by the clerk of the court,
" Thirdly. The court admitting such alien shall
be satisfied that he has resided within the limits
and under the jurisdiction ot the United States five
years; and it shall further appear, to their satisfac-
tion, that during that time he has behaved as a man
of good moral character, attached to the principles
of the Constitution of the United States, and well
disposed to the good order and happiness of the
same.
" Fourthly. In case the alien applying to be ad-
mitted to citizenship shall have borne any hereditary
title, or been of any of the orders of mobility, in the
kingdom or State from which he came, he shall, in
addition to the above requisites make an express
renunciation of his title or order of nobility in the
court to which his application shall be made; which
renunciation shall be recorded in the said court."
The Senator from Missouri, in common with
every other Senator on this floor, and in com-
mon with every American Senator, if he learn
of any damage intended to our country by
Prussia, is bound to defend us against it. He
is placed by his oath of allegiance under as
solemn a duty as was imposed upon Macbeth
while Duncan slumbered beneath his roof. It
is his duty as to all accusers of our nation '' to
shut the door against our accusers, and not to
bear accusation himself."
And I trust, sir, that the great body of our
German-American citizens will see their true
interests too plainly to be led away from the
Administration upon any such grounds as have
been suggested, even if those grounds were
well founded in fact; and especially do I hope
and trust that they will not allow themselves
to be led away from the Administration by a
totally unfounded complaint that our Govern-
ment has dealt unfairly toward their native
land. My trust is that the German-Americans
are too intelligent not to see that in this mat-
ter they owe their duty to America, and not to
Prussia.
Amendment to tlie Constitution.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN B. HAY,
of illinois,
In the House op Represbxtatites,
March -2, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. HAY said:
Mr. Speaker: The subject upon which I
propose to address the House is one embodied
in a resolution which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows ;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of America in ilon<jre.sa
assembled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,)
That the following amendment to the Constitution
of the United Stages be, and is hereby, proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States:
Akticle —.
AHcivil officers of theUnited States, except judges
of the supreme and interior courts, the heads of
Liepaitments, and those whose duties are temporary
in their character, shall hold office for a term of four
year:', unless a longer term shall be fixed by law.
Oongiess may by law provide tor the election, by
the people, ot postmasters, and ottier officers whose
duties are to be performed within the limits of any
State or part of n State; but the President shall
have the power #ot removal ot any such omcer,
whether appointed or elected, lor any cause affect-
ing the incumbent's character, habits, or other qual-
ifications, excepting political or religious opinions.
Mr. HAY. This resolution was introduced
by the honorable gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
McCrary,] and I desire here to say that I am
in favor of its adoption. It has been, I under
stand, referred to the committee appointed
by the order of this House on the reorganiza-
tion of the civil service, and I am informed is
now receiving the serious and earnest consider-
ation of that committee, and I hope it will he
favorably reported on for our action. It is not
a new proposition, originating for the first time
with the gentleman who introduced it. This
question has been for years before the public
and frequently discussed, and a somewhat
similar proposition was introduced on the 4th
of January, 1871, during the third session of
the Forty-First Congress, by the gentleman
fiom Indiana, [Mr. Cobuiin",] and, so fat as my
knowledge extends, I know of no reasonable
and well-founded objection that has ever been
urged against it. This is a Government, as
that great and good man, Mr. Lincoln, very
happily expressed it, of the people, by the
people, for the people.
Sir, as the people are the source of all power
under our system of government, no one can
question the right and propriety of their so
amending the Constitution as to reinvest them-
selves with the exercise of some of the powers
which they have in that instrument conferred
upon the President, and certainly much less
can any objection be raised against their Rep-
resentatives submitting the proposed change
to them for acceptance or rejection. I am,
sir, for submitting this proposition to them,
and I have but little doubt as to what will be
the decision.
Mr. Speaker, the more one considers and
reflects upon this subject, the more anomalous
and unreasonable does it-seem that the people
should be debarred from selecting the persons
to fill the Federal offices embraced in this res-
olution. The officers whom it is proposed to
make elective by this amendment to the Con-
stitution are those United States officers whose
duties are to be performed within the limits
of any State or part of a State; in other words,
in close proximity to and under the eye of
the people who are to choose them.
If the people of this country can by their
free suffrages name the person who is to fill
the office that is the most exalted under our
Government and the highest in their gift; if
they can select their Governor and the other
State officers; if they can elect their judiciary ;
if they can choose their Legislatures which elect
United States Senators, whose position and
rank, in the estimation of the public, places
them next to the President; if they can elect
the members of this body, whose exclusive
power it is, under the Constitution, to ori-
ginate all measures of revenue and taxation—
measures which Burke thought involved the
whole business of good and wise government—
why may they not elect the thirty thousand
nine hundred and fifty postmasters throughout
the country, more than twenty thousand of
whom are not paid a salary of more than two
hundred dollara per annum, and whose duties
do not require any more intelligence and in-
dustry and character than are found in the
humblest officers under our -State govern-
ments?
If the people may choose an assessor and
collector to assess and collect the revenue for
the State, why may they not choose the assessor
and collector to assess and collect the revenue
for the Federal Government? If they can
elect a sheriff to serve the process and exe-
cute the judgments of their State courts, why
may they not elect the United States marshal
to serve the process ami execute the judgments
of the Federal courts within the district where
they reside? We often hear, Mr. Speaker, that
the people will elect incompetent and- unfit
persons to discharge the duties of these offices.
Now, all must admit that this objection strikes
at the foundation of our whole system of gov-
ernment, and goes entirely too far. It is also
said that politics would govern too much in
the choice of these officers by the people.
The same objections, that lhe people would
not select competent and fit persons.for these
offices, and that politics would control too
much in their choice, will apply to the election
of President, to the election of members of
Congress, and to the election of all State offi-
cers, from the highest to tbe lowest.
Sir, in my opinion, the very fact that the
people would have the right to say who should
fill these offices would prompt them to take a
greater interest in elections than they now do,
and especially in regard to the election of
persons to fill these offices.
Mr. Speaker, there is not a member of this
House who does not agree with me when I say
that one of the most difficult tasks he is called
upon to perform is by his recommendation to
settle a controversy in a community as to who
shall be appointed postmaster there. The Pres-
ident and the Postmaster General and his as-
sistants can rarely if ever acquaint themselves
with the merits of such a controversy, and tliey
must necessarily call upon the member of Con-
gress to advise them, or leave it wholly to him
to settle. And in a contest such as often
arises as to which applicant for the office
shall be appointed, the Congressman feels the
same embarrassment when he is called upon
to act as the President and Postmaster Gen-
eral would experience if they should under-
take to make the selection. If the Congress-
man do not recommend the appointment arbi-
trarily according to his notions as to which
applicant is the most fit and competent, and
the most likely to be the choice of the people,
then he must rely upon the information to be
derived from petitions. We all know how
easily signatures to these petitions arc pro-
cured, and how little consideration is really
bestowed upon them by many who sign their
names to them, and how often these petitions
wholly fail to express fairly and properly the
views and wishes of the people in reference to
appointments.
Mr. Speaker, it is truly stated by the civil
service commission that it has often been sug-
gested that the postmasters throughout the
country should be elected. I have noticed one
objection urged by the gentlemen composing
that commission, and that is that party spirit
would decide the choice rather than local con-
venience. There is, however, one other objec-
tion urged by them against making postmasters
elective, and that is that the limits of a post
office constituency are so vaguely defined that
it would be difficult to determine who might
rightfully vote upon the question. I do not
think there is any force in this objection.
While it is true that usually the delivery limits
of a post office are not very precisely defined,
yet the question as to the right of a voter to
vote for any particular postmaster could be
made by law to depend upon his own choice
and action. Every voter could be required by
law to elect to what post office constituency he
would belong, and be compelled to register
himself as such before voting, and then by ref-
erence to the registration book his right to
vote could be veiy easily determined, and, as a
matter of course, all fraudulent violations of
the law punished. Undoubtedly all good citi-
zens would be watchful and interested.enough
to see that the laws were enforced against
offenders. .
Mr. Speaker, there is another part ot this
proposition that I wish to call the attention of
members-to, and that is that part that provides
that every civil officer whose office is to bo
made elective shall hold his office for a certain
fixed term. This will secure to each officer
thus elected by the people a permanency of
