2868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
if a Senator desires to make a prepared
speech on the general subject of the bill, or
upon any subject indeed, he can do so on an
appropriation bill; but when amendments are
pending it is much better to confine the debate
upon the pending amendments strictly to short
speeches of five minutes. I think the practi
cal working of this rule, (which only applies
during this session, and only to appropriation
bills,) which has been so beneficial in the past,
•will be found equally so in the future.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 must call my friend from
Ohio to order. I agree with him entirely, hut
he is evidently discussing the merits of the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will slate his point, of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is that the Senator is
making a very powerful argument in favor of
the thing that we propose to take up.
The, VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio has resumed his seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
gave as a reason for taking up this resolution
that this had often been done. There cer-
tainly would be an issue between the Senator
and myself upon that point. If a thing of this
kind was ever done it was never done with
my knowledge. We have sometimes had some
understanding by unanimous consent, or per-
haps by agreeing that a motion might be made ;
but a geneial rule appplicable as this is to all
appropriation bills was never adopted to my
knowledge in the Senate, and I think it would
be a waste of time to force such a rule upon
the Senate now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution of the Senator from Peim
sylvauia.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Pennsylvania now modifies the resolu-
tion as he has stated, and it will be read as
modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That, (luring tho present session it shall
he in O'der. pending an appropriation bill, to movo
to conlino debate on umomlnieiits thereto to live
in in ill e.s by miv Sen.it or on the pencil lis motion ; and
the molion to limit debate shall be deeided without
debate.
Mr. OASSEiiLY. The vole for taking up
the resolution of ihe Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] is of such a character as to
make me apprehend the adoption of it. 1 shall
regret such a result. Tho Senate has never
been found unwilling, whenever the condition
of businoss required ii, to adopt by unanimous
coni-eui the tive minutes rule upon appropria-
tion bills It has done it several times—f do
not now remember how often—during my time
in (he Senate. 1 am sute there is no disposi-
tion with the minoiiiy of tins Senate to refu.se
such unanimous consent iu any proper case. I
think had it been ask^d for by the chairman of
the Commit tee on Appropriations, [Mr. Cole,]
really ask^d for by him, it would have been
conceded at I he proper time on any one of his
bills. I believe he once suggested it, but failed
to press it, in such a manner as to make the
Senate understand that he regarded it of much
consequence at that time, if I am in error, I
shail be very happy to be corrected. I see my
colleague rising as if to say something.
Mr. COLE. I was going to remark that I
have seen the necessity of this rule for a long
time, ami have called the attention of the Sen-
ate to it more than once, and 1 have urged it
over and over that there should be some limit
to debate on appropriation bills. My colleague
will allow me to add, that during the session
thus far the taking up of an appropriation
bill has been the signal for general and pro-
tracted discussion. I do not know that such
is the case, but possibly propositions have
been moved on the appropriation bills for the
purpose of leading to discussion, for the pur-
pose of affording an opportunity for speeches
perhaps. I am certain the Senate need no
argument to convince them of the necessity
of some such rule as thisto apply to the appro-
priation bills
Mr. CASSEKLY. I ask my colleague
whether he wishes to be understood that, he
ever duiing this session pressed a mntion or
reqiu St. for limi'ing debate to five minutes by
unanimous consent? My point is, that if my
colleague had really uiged such a limitation of
the debaie at any proper stage, the Senate, I
doubt not, would have conceded it to him.
Mr. COLE. I have not presented this rule ;
it was reported by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania; but I have suggested to the Senate and
urged upon them the necessi'y of having a
rule of the kind, and I remember now that I
once suggested to the Committee on Rules pub-
licly in the Senate the adoption of a rule like
this. I think I have on more than one occa-
sion, two, three, or four times, mentioned the
propriety of something of the sort. Have 1
answered my colleague fully ?
Mr. CASSE11LY. The statement of my
colleague leaves my impression about, as it
was That is to say, that my colleague did
not expressly call for a limitation of debate to
five mmutes by unanimous consent. I think
if he had, so far as the minority are concerned
there would have been no objection.
Mr. COLEl- I certainly have asked that
very thing. My colleague was absent during
a portion of the session attending to duties iu
another city, and it may have occurred during
that time: hut I have asked uuanimous con-
sent of the Senate for that very thing, and 1
think t.wo or three times, but it was always
refused because of the opposition of some one
Senator.
Mr. CASSEltLY. My colleague says amend-
ments have been put upon appropriation bills
as if to provoke debate. 1 beg leave to remind
my colleague and the Senate that such amend-
ments did not come from the minority. t'hey
came universally trom some Senator of the
majority here. In nearly every instance they
were amendments in the highest degree, objec-
tionable, because they were new legislation.
The veiy amendment which is now hanging
over the Senate on a motion to reconsider is
of that class. It produced a debate which
extended through more than a week of the
tune of this body.
An amendment still more objectionable in
every respect was the amendment which the
Senator trom Oregon, [Mr. Coubett,] now
absent from his seat, put upon the deficiency
bill last Friday. That was a case of legisla-
tion pure and simple, which by no possibility
could have any reference to the appropriation
of money or the expenditure of money. It
was a measure changing for the benefit of a
special class in the State of Oregon the entire
system of naturalization now in force in this
country, declaring a number of British sub-
jects to be citizens without any proof of resi-
dence or choice. That amendment did lead
to some discussion. It would have led to
more but for the very late hour of' the day
when the Senator from Oregon brought it for-
ward, and in a thin, perhaps an inattentive
Senate, succeeded in getting it upon the bill.
The real evil lies there, 1 beg my colleague to
remember, in the practice of putting new and
inappropriate legislation upon appropriation
bills. The function of an appropriation bill is
to supply the moneys necessary for subjects
of expenditure which have already been made
a part of the law of the land.
Mr. COLE. I suppose my colleague does
not. refer to me now as holding me responsible
for legislation upon appropriation bills?
Mr. CASSEltLY. Not in the slightest de-
gree. But my colleague seemed, though re-
motely, to imply that Senators with whom I
act iu this body were responsible for the prac-
tice which he condemns, and justly con-
demns, of introducing general amendments
to appropriation bills as if for the purpose of
i producing a prolonged debate. Hence I thought
it necessary to say what I have said, to unite
my voice with his in condemnation of the
practice, and to vindicate the conduct of the
minority. I repeal, wh. never my colleague
will  ive the Senate to understand that, the
necessities of the Government, the necessities
of the country, and the just economy of the
time of this body require a limitation of de-
bate upon amendments to appropriation bills,
J think it will not be on this side of the Cham-
ber that he will meet objection.
Mr. President, standing here, one of a slen-
der minority, less than one fourth of the Sen-
ate, 1 am, of course, deeply interested in the
freedom of debate. It is in fact, the only
power we have in this Chamber to affect legis-
lation beyond the accidental circumstance
of our votes, independent of the will of Sen-
ators on the other side m politics. For that
reason I am against this resolution. I am
glad to see that it applies only to this session
and is not to be a standing rule of the Senate,
as Iliad at first supposed. But I suggest to
my friend from Pennsylvania, of whom 1 am
happy to say here and always that I never
have witnessed in him the slightest disposition
to limit or embarrass the entire freedom of
debate upon any subject, whether he may not
safely rely on (lie same fair and candid pur-
pose ot the Senate which has been manifested
so often a'ready in giving unanimous consent,
at all proper tunes, for the five minutes limit-
ation of debate. Tho Senate has more than
once very emphatically expressed its prefer-
ence for making such a limitation of its own
freewill, that, is, by its unanimous consent at
the lime, rather than by the will of a majority
vote, and still less by means _ of a standing
resolution. I submit to my friend who has
offered this resolution whether the method of
unanimous consent is not far more consider-
ate of the rights of the minority, more condu-
cive to freedom of debate, and more in accord-
ance with the practice, the traditions, and the
dignity of the Senate.
Mr. TliUMBULL. Mr. President, I regret
that this proposition should be brought seri-
ously to the notice of the Senate. Since my
service here there have been on one or two or
perhaps more occasions suggestions that it
would be well to limit debate in this body;
but after some little discussion or consider-
ation the effort has always been abandoned,
and it has been thought better to leave it to
that sense of propriety and decorum which
has always governed the members of this
body to determine for themselves how long
and when each member should speak. When
we have had (which has been very seldom)
the case of an attempt to prolong d< bate and
impede and obstruct the transaction of busi-
ness, theie has been such a public sentiment
in the Senate as has enabled it, though with
some inconvenieuce to its members, to bring
the question to an issue by doing what is called
•'sitting it out," and it takes a very bold Sen-
ator to stand up in this body against the public
sentiment of the body and attempt, to prolong
the action of the Senate by irrelevant matter
and simply interposing delays.
I shall regret very much when an arbitrary
rule is adopted in this body putting it, in the
power of the majority, as is intended here, to
force through any measure without discussion.
We have in this body no rule prohibiting the
offering of amendments to appropriation bills.
Some of the most important measmes that
have ever passed this body have been in the
shape of amendments to appropriation bills.
The rules are adopted here chiefly for the pro-
tection of minorities. Although it may be
very convenient and very pleasant for the
present majority of the Senate to force meas-
ures through Without allowing the minority to
discuss them, the time may come and will
come when those in the majority here will be
in a minority. The political character of the
Senate has changed many times since its or-
ganisation, and the rule that is to be applied
