1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2869
to minorities to-day may to-morrow be ap-
plied to those who are in the majority now;
and the question is, shall the Congress of the
United States, shall this body legislating for
this great people, in both its branches adopt
rules by which a majority may force to a vote
without consideration and without discussion
any measure they think proper?
If this resolution is adopted it is the beginning
of an arbitrary rule that shall crush out debate
in the Senate. Why, as I said, some of the
most important measures that ever passed this
body have passed upon appropriation bills.
The Senator who sits near me [Mr. Wilson]
got a bill reorganizing the whole Array passed
on an appropriation bill within the last two
years. Am T not correct?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; itwasoffered
as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
Why, sir, any bill of a political character, or
of any character, may be offered as an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill, and then a ma-
jority can adopt the gag rule upon it, and but
five minutes' debate is to be allowed in refer-
ence to it.
Is the Senate prepared to adopt such a rule
as that? Is the Senator from Pennsylvania
whose service in this body, although it has
been short, (for he is serving I believe his
first term in the body,) has been one of great
distinction and great credit to his constituents
and to the country, to come in here and adopt
a rule that shall choke down discussion? I
beg of him to desist. I beg of him not to
attempt to enforce such a rule here.
It was said by the Senator from Ohio that
this had been done before. I dislike to raise
any issue with the Senator 111 regard to a mat-
ter of fact, but I really think he must be mis-
taken. I hope he will turn to the rule, if
there ever was such a one adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say the Senate
had adopted a rule of this kind, but I said the
Senate had on particular measures adopted a
limitation of deba.te precisely like this; that
is, a particular proposition as applied to a
particular measure, and the Senator will see
that this is applied only to appropriation bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been done,
and I was coming to that to show that there
was no necessity for this rule. We have pend-
ing here a deficiency bill; and I apprehend
that if the Senator having that matter in
charge had asked in reference to amendments
to that bill, assuming, of course, that they
would be amendments having some connec-
tion with the bill, debate should be limited to
five minutes, we all would have assented to it.
Sir, it has been the boast, and to the great
credit of this Senate, that it has always been
ready by the unanimous consent of all its
members to adopt any reasonable rule for the
transaction of business. We have never had
a rule that would compel the attendance of a
Senator here. There is no such thing known
of the Senate of the United States as a call
of the Senate that shall force members to
attend, and fine them if lliey do not attend.
But have we had any difficulty about a quo-
rum? Why, sir, in the other House of Con-
gress, where they have a rule that enables the
officer of I tie House to go and drag members
by force into the Chamber and fine them, they
have calls of the House and much more diffi-
culty in keeping a quorum than we have in
this body. Here a Senator stands on his
honor, and when notified by the Senate tnat
his attendance is desired he hastens to his
place m the Sena'e; and the time never has
been when we have had any considerable dif-
ficulty in having a quorum of this body. They
have had far more difficulty in the other House
and calls of the House much more frequent
than in this body.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Illinois
permit me to call his attention to whatl think
is a misapprehension as to what is proposed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. The resolution does not pro-
pose an absolute limitation upon debate, but
it only puts it in the power of the Senate, when-
ever we shall arrive at that time when we
think the limitation ought to be imposed, to
make the motion, and then all the considera-
tions which the Senator is urging can be urged
upon the Senate at that time; but as we are
now situated, when we are considering an
appropriation bill, we have all seen that a
limitation upon d'-bate is desirable. Now,
however, the rules of the Senate prohibit the
motion being made. This resolution simply
permits the motion to be made; it does not
put. it in force absolutely as a rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that; but
it puts it in the power of a majority of the Sen-
ate to enforce a gag upon the Senate at any
time it thinks proper. Let me appeal to the
experience of the Senatortrom Pennsylvania:
has there been any difficulty in coming to a
reasonable understanding in reference to an
appropriation bill in his whole experience
here? His experience is shorter than mine ;
but I cannot now recall the case where it has
seemed to me that there has been an effort to
protract debate by Senators throwing obsta-
cles in the way of action. The debate that we
have had on this deficiency appropriation bill,
the Senator must be aware, has been legiti-
mate in reference to a controverted question.
I do not know w'ho has taken up most of the
time; I am sure I have occupied but little
in reference to it; but I cannot recollect the
remarks of any Senator that seemed to me to
be protracted after he had expressed what
was legitimate and pertinent in his opinion to
the pending measure.
Mr. SCOTT. I would answer that appeal
made to tne, by the Senators permission, bv
recalling the fact that there has been at least
one effort made to fix the time when the ques-
tion should be taken on that amendment; my
recollection is that there were two, but there
certainly was one, and we failed in the effort
to secure any agreement whatever as to limit-
ing the time when that debate should cease.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may have been. It
is often difficult to fix a time when you shall
vote, but it is never difficult when reasonable
and fair debate has ceased upon a question to
agree as to its disposition. This is an attempt
in advance, before your appropriation bills
are considered, before the subject nas been
brought up and we know what the questions
are to be, to put it in the power ot a majority
of the Senate to fix a limitation the moment
that a bill is called up, and then to spring
some amendment of the most important char-
acter. I instanced the case a moment ago of
the bill reorganizing your whole Army which
was offered as an amendment to au appropri-
ation bill. I may offer as an amendment to
an appropriation bill a provision that shall
remodel the judicial system of the United
States. We have bills now pending here effect-
ing very great changes m the judicial system.
I may offer them as an amendment to an
appropriation bill, and if ! can get a majority
of the Senate to stand by me on a five min-
utes' discussion, 1 may put through those bills
without their being understood scarcely by
the Senate, and without their ever having been
subjected to the discussion which bills of that
character ought to receive before they are
voted upon in either House of Congress.
Now, sir. if this was confined to a particu-
lar bill, it would not be so objectionable ; but
it is in reference to all appropriation bills, and
it is at a stage of the session before any day is
fixed for adjournment. Now, in April, with-
out any time fixed for adjournment, while we
are sitting here*ndefinitely, it is proposed to
introduce this new proposition into the Sen-
ate. I plead, sir, in behalf of minorities, for
whose protection our rules were established.
The majority can always take care of it self:
but if minorities are to have an opportunity to
understand the measures that are brought for-
ward, they must not be limited to five minutes'
consideration of a bill that is presented here.
Be not misled, Senators, by what is said in
reference to this resolution applying only to
an amendment to an appropriation bill. Re
member that you may put upon an appropria-
tion bill any bill that, ever passed this body,
and you may be forced to vote upon it under
a five minutes rule if this amendment is per-
mitted to be adopted. Remember further.
Senators, you are reversing the practice and
the rales of this Senate from the foundation,
and you are doing it without any necessity for
it; you are doing it at a time when there has
been manifested in no portion of the Senate
any disposition unnecessarily to protract the
business of the Senate. You are attempting
to enforce such a rule upon a minority which
has not obstructed public business. When
they shall do so, when the time comes that a
few Senators in this body and a minority set
themselves up by useless, irrelevant discussion
to protract the business of the body, I will
unite with the Senator from Pennsylvania to
devise some means by which we can bring
questions to a vote in that particular case ; 1
will sit with him through the night. I have
often done it at personal inconvenience. I
have remained here through the night until
the sun rose m order to obtain a vote upon a
bill; and I would rather subject myself to that
inconvenience two or three times during a
session than to adopt a rule which shall prevent
the discussion of questions which may come
up in the Senate or that shall put it in the
power of a majority to adopt such a rule. What
the Senator from Pennsylvania called my at-
tention to is only a mode of doing this thing
by indirection. When it becomes in order for
a Senator to rise and move that debate be
limited to five minutes there is no protection
for the minority.
I shall regret exceedingly, Mr. President, if
this rule shall command a majority of the Sen-
ate. I move that the further consideration of
it be postponed until to-morrow, that the Sen-
ate may reflect upon the importance of the
step some Senators seem disposed to take.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with the
Senator from Illinois, that it would be very
improper for the Senator from Pennsylvania
or any other Senator, whether his service be
long or short, to attempt to force this rule
on the Senate. I do not suppose the Senator
from Pennsylvania proposes to do any such
thing. 1 do not know of any way in which he
can do it. I suppose that he proposes to have
the Senate decide whether it will force that
rule upon itself or not.
Now, Mi. President, we have a rule, and I
think no Senator here would desire to repeal
it, which allows us to dispose of an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill without any de-
ba'e at all, and this rule proposes to give every
Senator five minutes to speak, and if every
Senator speaks five minutes it will take two
days for the amendment to be disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Rhode island allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. AN PHONY. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He certainly does not
wish to be misunderstood He does not mean
to say that we have a rub' that enables an
amendment to be disposed of without debate,
except by a motiou to lay it on the table; but
you cannot pass it without debate. If this
rule is adopted, you must pa^-s the most im-
portant bill that was ever m this body on a
five-minutes debate.
Mr. AN PHONY. Not unless a majority of
the Senate wish it.
\tr. TRUMBULL. Of course, I know that.
That is what, I object to.
Mr. AN PHONY. This only cuts off debate
on amendment*. When th" appropriation bill
is on its third reading or has been passed to its
third reading, it is open to debate as long as
any bill is now, without anv restriction, and the -
debate can be upon any particular amendment
