1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3765
same manner will have thirteen times that
amount of dignity. Let us by all means have
the greatest amount of dignity that can be
thrown around this office, even if in doing
that we entirely subvert the whole theory of
republican institutions!
My friend, the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton,] reminds me that the act of
Congress for the election of Representatives
by districts is older than I supposed. It was
passed in 1842. It is now thirty years old.
I'he country has acquiesced in it. The results
of the law have proved its superior wisdom.
Here is a proposition on some fancied ground
of convenience, in a State here or there, to
establish a precedent in defiance of that sys-
tem and of the judgment of the American
people which has so amply sustained it.
As the measure came from the House it
was eminently proper in the particular now in
hand. The proviso is in these words :
Provided, That in the election of Representatives
to theForty-Third Congress only, in any State which
by this law is Riven an increased number of Repre-
sentatives, the additional Bepresent.it.ive allowed to
such State may be elected by the State at large,
unless the Legislature of said State shall otherwise
provide belere the time fixed by law for the election
of Representatives therein.
The manifest effect of that is to give to every
State which has not already provided for the
election of the extra Representative by a dis-
trict two years within which to conform its
apportionment to this law. What is the ob-
jection to that? Is not the time sufficient?
The time is more than two years from the pas-
sage of this law. The Representatives of the
Forty-Third Congress will mainly be elected
this year, and after that from the time of that
election there will be two years in every State
witliiu which the State may, and if the House
proviso is adopted must, conform its legislation
to the general system.
I repeat, sir, the district system is a good
one. It is one now of thirty years' standing;
it was established after full debate, and as the
result of a pitched battle between the two
great parties of the country. For. thirty years
the House of Representatives has been elected
under that system. No one has ever proposed
a change so extensive as is now proposed.
There is no call for it from the people, no
demaud anywhere, no discernible public ob-
ject to be subserved by it. The objections to
it are manifold. I shall not repeat them. I
have once stated them, but far less strongly
than they deserve. The House proviso gives
ample time for every State to accommodate
its legislation to' the law of Congress on the
subject. The question now is whether you will
adopt an amendment which for ten years per-
rnitsa number of States, which may be variously
estimated from six to a dozen, practieaily to
defeat the law of Congress, and the whole
object of it and the whole system instituted
under it in regard to the election of Repre-
sentatives at large.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, to
strike out in line fourteen the words "to the
Forty-Third Congress only," upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkhng, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill ot Yermorit, Morton, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sehurz. Seott,
Sumner, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Wmdom—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Oasserly, Cole, Cooper. Davis of
"West Ynginia, Fenton, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hili, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Ran-
som, Spraguc, Stockton, and Viekers—15.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky,
Ferry of Connecticut, Harlan, Howe, Nye, Poineroy,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer,
Stevenson, Stewart, Xhurman, Trumbull, and
Wright—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move to amend the
bill in line twelve by inserting after the word
" Alabama " the word " Nebraska."
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will pardon
me one moment I suggest to the Senator having
charge of the bill, I believe the Senator from
Vermont, that there are four or five words
there which should be stricken out. They are
only surplusage now and look awkward in view
of the amendment we have adopted. They are
the words "and be elected by separate dis-
tricts, asin said act directed," for the proviso
immediately is that any State may do the con-
trary. They are not needed, and therefore I
suggest to the Senator they had better be
stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will look at it while the
amendment of the Senator from Nebraska is
being considered.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Nebraska the ground on which
he makes his motion ?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. So far as the official
returns of the census of 1870 go, there is no
fractional excess of representative population
in Nebraska, and therefore on that basis we
have no ground for asking an additional Rep-
resentative in the Congress of the United
States; but believing as I do from personal
knowledge of the facts that my State is to-day,
on the basis of the present apportionment,
entitled to one additional Representative, I
feel it my duty to offer this amendment, and
to state a very few facts in support of the
claim for this amendment.
At the time the census was taken in June,
1870, Nebraska was on the threshold of a new
era of development and growth and prosperity.
At that time there was but one railroad in
operation within her limits. The Union Pa-
cific, stretching from east to west, running five
hundred miles across her territory, was the
only railroad in operation within the limits of
the State. To-day there are ten others in
operation to a greater or less extent. To-day
we have nearly eleven hundred miles of run-
ning railroad within our State. Each of these
roads have land grants. Each of these roads
are corporations interested in inviting emigra-
tion from the East and from Europe, and hav-
ing agents in the East and in Europe for that
purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
my friend, the Senator from Nebraska, if he is
asking for an additional member to the one
already apportioned to the State of Nebraska ?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I notice by
the report from the Census Bureau that
Nebraska is even short for the one she has.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. That is precisely what
I have stated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course
the Senator will see that anything of that kind
would defeat a bill of this sort entirely.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I stated at the outset
that on the basis of the report of the census
of 1870 wehad.no excess and claimed no
ground for this additional representation ; but
1 stated that I proposed very briefly to present
three or four facts and leave the matter with
the Senate.
I stated that we had eleven railroads in
actual operation within the limits of our State;
that each of these railroads owned lands; each
of them had at the East and in Europe agen-
cies to bring emigration to that State. Within
the few hours that I have been aware that this
bill was to be acted on in the Senate, I have
been unable to obtain from these railroads the
exact amount of lands disposed of by them
siuce the taking of the census, except in two
instances. I have a report by telegraph from
the Burlington and Missouri River railroad
extension in our State. They tell me that
they have sold within that time two hundred
and eight thousand acres of land. The Pacific
Railroad Company have sold also within that
time some five hundred and thirty thousand
acres of land. This land is sold mainly to
actual settlers. The other eight railroads I
have been unable to hear from ; but assuming
that they sell one fourth the amount sold by
the two railroads from whom I have heard, it
is safe to say that at least five thousand fami-
lies within that time have purchased homes
on the lands donated to these railroads.
Now, sir, I have a report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office giving me
the actual number of preemptions, home-
steads, and cash entries on the public domain
made during the twenty-one months since the
taking of this census, and the actual number
of preemptions was 8,319, of homesteads
10,905, and of cash entries 4,672. That
amounts to 25,000 families actually settled
upon the public lands and upon lands owned
by the railroad companies in the twenty-one
months since the taking of this censu3.
Thirty thousand families, estimating four to
each family, would be 120,000 people; and
here I say is a basis that is sufficient and these
statistics alone present a reasonable ground
for a claim for the amendment I move.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall occupy the time
of the Senate only to say that under the Con-
stitution it is totally impossible, in the first
place, to do this thing, the Constitution re-
quiring that Representatives shall be appor-
tioned upon an enumeration, to be made
under the authority of Congress, of the whole
people of the United States, and therefore it
has to be made one enumeration and at the
same time. That the Constitution absolutely
requires, and therefore States increasing in
population in this way—and there are many
such, of course—have to submit to that
inconvenience, their people having been mem-
bers of other States when the census was
taken, until the time comes around again;
there is no help for it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the statement of
the Senator from Nebraska is an entirely truth-
ful one. I know, so far as relates to my own
State, both Nebraska and Kansas have in-
creased very largely in population since the
census, I suppose full as many as the Senator
has represented; and yet I could not see how I
could move for a.n additional member for my
own State. I suppose the State which I try to
represent here in parthas bilf a million of peo-
ple; it is so represented in our papers ; and yet
the census does not show that by more than one
hundred thousand. But I do not know any
basis on which I could move for a new mem-
ber. I think, however, the Senator has made
a very decided statement, showing the amount
of public lands that have been entered, and that
and the number of homesteads show an actual
settlement, even though the census does not
show it. The amendment, however, does not
come within the provision of the Constitution
which says that the enumeration shall be taken
by the Government. This is an enumeration,
1 believe, made by the Senator from Nebraska.
I think that equitably Nebraska and Kansas
are entitled to an additional member each, but
I do not know on what basis we can move for it.
Mr. MORTON. Under the Constitution and
the law the apportionment for representation
must be made according to the population in
1870, not 1872. If Nebraska had acquired
five hundred thousand people since that time,
it would give her no right to have an appor-
tionment made for that five hundredihousand.
It must be made according to the population
of 1870, and there cannot be another appor-
tionment made until 1880, no matter how many
people may settle within her borders.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator if there is no in-
stance where that apportionment has been
made in the interest of the Government ?
Mr. MORTON. For an increase of pop-
ulation afterward ?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Yes, sir.
