1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
107?'
handed manipulator of contracts, jobs, and
political tricks in the custom-house at New
York; and at every advance we make the
whole nation hears them exclaim, " Strike at:
your peril, for that is the President." They
have done all thisbecause they Were tender of
his intsrests. He has been thankful for their
services, and sustained them in all things.
Mr. President, these honorable gentlemen
are too sensitive. If I -were "to speak of a re-
ceiver appointed by a court, they would charge
that I meant that the President was a receiver.
If I should speak of a man who '' spoke horse;
language" they would make the same charge,
while I wrmld only he quoting from the Ebg-
lish Dance of Death. The quotation runs thus:
" Sam Jehu was, 'tis said, well known
As the best whip about the town;
Ilis father had been proud of thriving^
But Sam was proud of naught but driving."
" To-d-ay he drove his matchless grays.
To-morrow his fast-trotting bays;
And, in the way of common hacks,
lie had a famous set of blacks.
He knew horse-language to the letter,
Not Gulliver could speak it better;
Could swear, drink drams, and chew a quid,
Proud to do all that coachmen did.
And calmly did his teeth displace.
That he might spit with better grace;
Delighted that no one could scan
He had been bred a gentleman.
And as he drove his steeds along,
This was the burden of his song:
' When house and lands aro gone and spent,
Driving will be most excellent;
And when all other fortunes fail.
Thank Heaven, I can drive a mail.'"
Now, Mr. President, these sensitive gentle-
men are alarmed even at a poetic quotation
from so old a writer as the author of "the
English dance of death." "The king can do
no wrong," is an old maxim of tyranny ; but
I believe it never extended to the acts of his
subjects, until under this Administration, or
assumed to punish for want of fealty and affec-
tion to them.
The fond child exclaims, "Love me, love
my dog," while the President changes the
pertinent quotation—"Love me, love .my sat-
ellites;" whilethe disciplinarians shout, "Let
it be done as pleaseth the king."
I will not do them the delightful service of
leaving this allegation without ample proof.
In the celebrated war waged upon the senior
Senator from Massachusetts, in order to sub-
serve the interests of the San Domingo in-
iquity, while the country knew perfectly well
why he was attacked with such political mal-
ice, the leaders in the Senate determiqed to
rest their case on the most impregnable found-
ation. And hence they set forth as their cause
of justification the charge that the honorable
Senator [Mr. Sumner] was not on terms of per-
sonal friendship with the Secretary of State.
But the Senator proved that he had declared
himself ready and willing 'to meet that Secre-
tary of the President, and discuss with him all
questions of public interest. Nevertheless
they pressed the point that the fact of a want
of personal cordiality was ground sufficient for
his rejection from the place he had so long
adorned, to the honor of his State and the glory
of his nation. When the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] had asked him whether he
wa.s on friendly relations with the Secretary
of State, the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
said:
" My friend from .Massachusetts would not say
that, becauso he is a truthful man. Then, I assert
tho fact is patent. The reason is given with the
change."
Bnt the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Losan]
said:
"Mr. President, areyou not qualified or competent
to perform your duties as a Senator becauso you are
not on good personal relations with some member
of the Cabinet? If not, your constituents should
be informed that you are not, and that you cannot
therefore be a chairman of a committee of the Sen-
ate, and they should ask you to resign, that they may
elect somebody who is on good terms with all these
gentlemen, somebody that may be invited to dinner
parties and between whom and all the members of
the Cabinet the best personal relations may exist.
X do not believe in that theory."
It was not only the> shadow of the President
that fell upon the Senate that day, but the
shadow of his shadow, that of the Secretary,
the high clerk of the President. Humili-
ated Massachusetts had to behold the gar-
lands plucked from the brow of her idol and
cast at the feet of the President's clerk, to
atone for a want of cordial relations between
her Senator and a citizen of New York 1 There
was a time in the early days of the Republic
when a President dared not obtrude his power
or will or wish upon the Senate in any snch
offensive manner, when States stood here in
the persons of their Senators; but since States
are superseded, and delegates to a national
political convention are enthroned, the whim
of the master becomes the law of the whim-
sical subject.
An honest, humble, faithful man, a route-
agent on tho Union Pacific railroad in Ne-
braska, was expressing his preference for a
distinguished citizen of that State who aspired
to the Senate in place of a Senator who was so
subservient to the demands of the President.
The Postmaster General ordered a letter to be
written him, stating that the Senator was his
personal and political friend, and he could not
allow one who was receiving the patronage of
the Government to denounce the Senator.
Feeling that a poor man ought to have some
rights that a Postmaster General might respect,
lie as an American voter continued to use his
powers of speech, and soon received another
document announcing that his services were
no longer needed.
So the office-holders of the West were in-
formed by this act that the rule of "cordial
relations" was of general application. Here,
then, is evidence that Senate and Cabinet
concur in punishing freedom of speech and
action, regardless of the elevation or humility
of the Subject. Will the honest, independent
members of the Republican "party allow men
to be stricken down in the assertion of their
privileges and manhood? Is there a man be-
hiud the plow, or the counter, in the shop
or manufactory, who would not resent such
authority assumed over himself? If there is
no redress let the collar become the badge of
the party, and the crown the symbol of the
Executive.
The subserviency of the majority to the will
of the President, and the hearty cooperation
of the President in all the partisan schemes
of these leaders, emboldened the corrupt car-
pet-baggers and designing tricksters and igno-
rant freedmen to do and dare whatever cupidity
and avarice dictated.
In this confidence came the State of Geor-
gia to Congress, through her Governor and
other State officers, after she had been re-
admitted to the Union for two years, and im-
plored Congress to declare the previous two
years under the constitution of the State only
as a provisional term, and allow the officers to
bold on through another term, without any new
election by the people, because the political
tide was turning against them. They had,
under cover of law and legislation, robbed
the people and squandered the resources of
the State till all was going d«wn in one com-
mon wreck.
"Allow us to violate the plain, undoubted
provisions of our constitution, or the people
will rise in their majesty and sweep us from
power, and your Republican party will suffer
the defeat," was in substance the villainous
demand. Men nearest the President fought
their battle, and only after one of the most
bitter contests on record were the independent
Republicans and Democrats able*, with the aid
of a few others, to defeat their assumptions
and save for an hour the honor of Congress.
Had we not made a vigorous fight, they
would have succeeded. Only baffled, and
relying on the President and his special fol-
lowers, they returned to Georgia, and believing
that the Legislature which would be "chosen"
preceding a coming vacancy in the Senate,
would be Democratic, and would elect a Dem,
0 emtio Senator, they elected the Senator
out of time, and repealed the law governing
the Legislature, so that they might get their
Senator • in before the rightful Legislature,
could get together and fill the vacancy.
Their Senator appeared at Washington, and
demanded admission, and received,a favorable
report from the newly-created Committee ou
Privileges and Elections, and'had his case
tied up with another applicant, in the same
resolution, so that a valid claim might, carry
him through without examination in opgn Sen-
ate'. But fire was opened upon the vulnerable
breastwork behind which'he was intrenched,
and again his claim was held in check till the
rightful Legislature convened and elected the
constitutional successor of a previous Senator.
In the mean time, the plundering Governor
of Georgia escaped impeachment by resigna-
tion, and having come into power poor, left a
nabob and millionaire. Had not a few men
stood firm and disregarded the abuse of bribed
papers and political accomplices these results
could not have been achieved.
And now comes the New York Tribune and
says:
" Four or five years ago the Republicans carried
Seorgia by a majority of eight thousand. That
majority has been squandered by mercenary, cor-
rupt officials, some of whom havo had the decency
to run away, and who have ruined the party's pros-
pects almost beyond redemption."
Mr. President, I say, then, in concluding my
remarks, that the manner in which a political
tyranny was early enthroned in the Senate,
the manner in which honest differences of
opinion havo been met, and efforts made to
stifle freedom of speech in this body, cannot
now be atoned for. Their results have been
produced, and all this display of apparent
confidence, therefore, in the face of the strict-
ures of the people on the conduct of those
who bold the reins of power in this Chamber,
is for the purpose of making a false impression
before the country.
When I came into the Senate this morning,
although.I make some little show of prepara-
tion here, I did not intend, and I did not ex-
pect for one single moment that I should
occupy any portion of the time this day. But
the course taken by the Senator from Indiana,
as the course taken by other Senators recently
of glorifying the position occupied by them
politically, has caused me to utter here this
day that which I believe to be true, and which
1 believe will come back indorsed by a large
portion of the Republican party of the United
States. I have not heretofore, until I felt
compelled and driven into it, occupied the
time of the Senate, and the Senators know it,
unless I felt that I was clearly within the rules
of the strictest parliamentary propriety; and
it is reluctantly that I have undertaken this
day to make what seems to some like a polit-
ical speech in the Senate of the LTnited States.
But hereafter I shall consider it my privilege
to take my full share of the time of the Senate
if it is to be devoted to political discussions to
be heard at all times when I shall desire to
explain my views in opposition to those enter-
tained by such leaders as the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 16, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butlek; D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BELIEF 01 OFFICERS Of THE ARMY.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 804) declaring the
