1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
what the country understands. Now I will
put aside this veil. I have a right to do it in
justice to myself and to every one of my asso-
ciates. When that caucus is arraigned for
considering this question I have a right to ask
of that Senator who first carried it there and
gave it jurisdiction, and the Senator ought to
answer in frankness, and if he did he would
answer that not one of the majority whose
action he has arraigned here to-day was re-
sponsible for the first introduction of that thing
into caucus. The Senator knows who it was
that did it. If he does not choose to answer,
I leave it there. One Senator, the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] tells that he has
seen it stated in the papers that it was first
carried into caucus by the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will al-
low me, I will state my action. When the
Republican Senators met for the formation of
the committees of the Senate, which is usual,
which I think is a proper matter for party con-
sideration, no members of the Committee on
Retrenchment were proposed. I moved sub-
stantially—I do not remember the words, but
substantially—that the committee that was
forming the committees be directed to report
a Committee on Retrenchment. I was re-
quested by a Senator to withdraw it for a mo-
ment in order to have the other committees
formed, not to delay action. I did so. As
soon as they were announced, however, as
soon as the committees had been raised, I
renewed my motion for a Committee on Re-
trenchment. A motion was immediately made
and carried that the caucus adjourn.
Now, if the Senator from Indiana does not
see the difference, I am sure an intelligent
public will. I regarded it as very proper before
the matter had been considered here at all, to
move to have the Committee on Retrenchment
continued which expired on the 4th of March
last, to have the same committee fill up the
names as far as the Senate was concerned.
Of course it would have to go to the House of
Representatives, being a joint committee; but
so far as the Senate was concerned, to present
the names of Senators for that committee. I
think that would be proper enough in a caucus.
Now, however, when the caucus did not act in
reference to the matter, I think it is a very
different question, when it comes here and is
presented in the Senate as to having investiga-
tions, from what it would be in arranging our
committees originally, as is the custom of the
majority party at the assembling of each ses-
sion.
Mr. MORTON. It is true, as the Senator
says, that he did move for the appointment of
a committee, by, according to my recollection,
bringing forward in caucus the identical reso-
lution that he introduced into the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh,no; no resolution;
simply a motion for the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I thought the Senator had
a resolution in his hand, and commenced
reading it, if I remember correctly. I maybe
wrong.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I had no resolution
there.
Mx\ MORTON. Now, Mr. President, the
Senator, in justification of what I regard as
an attempt to take the whole subject of the
reform of the civil service out of the hands of
the President, and to ignore him now before
the country after all has been done that we
know of, says that what 1 shall now read is
not embraced in the law which commits this
matter to the President. I will read what is
in his resolution :
Aud also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the pub-
lic service are now made as to provide for withdraw-
ing the public service from being used as an instru-
ment of political or party patronage.
The Senator says that is not comprehended
or embraced in the act of which he himself
was the author. I can only say that if it was
not, that act was exceedingly lame, and came
short of embracing the principal thing that he
had talked about in this Senate for a long time.
I undertake to say, and I challenge a success-
ful contradiction from the reading of this law,
that it does embrace the precise matter con-
tained in this resolution, how to divorce the
civil service system from politics. I will read
the law as it passed:
" That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules for
the admission of persons into the civil service of the
United States as will best promote the efficiency
thereof, and ascertain the fitness of each candidate
in respect to age, health, character, knowledge, and
ability for the branch of service into which ho seeks
to enter; and for this purpose the President is au-
thorized to employ suitable persons to conduct said
inquiries, to prescribe their duties, and to establish
regulations for the conduct of persons who may
receive appointments in the civil service."
This law authorizes the President to pre-
scribe rules for the admission of persons into
the civil service; in other words, for their ex-
amination and appointment upon questions of
fitness wholly independent ot politics. Is not
that the power conferred ? Was not that what
everybody understood at the time, that there
were to be such regulations made for exam-
inations and for appointments as would remove
these appointments from the incidents of polit-
icalservice? Weallunderstandit, and clearly
that power is conveyed by this law, and from
what I have heard, that is one of the most
important considerations which the commis-
sion appointed under it has been considering.
Then, in conclusion, it provides that the Presi-
dent shall have power to provide regulations
for persons who may be appointed, to control
their conduct, whether they shall take part in
politics, whether they shall contribute money
for political purposes. He is authorized to
prescribe reguiations for their conduct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator would
read the clause that authorizes him to do that.
Mr. MORTON. Here it is :
"And for this purpose the President is authorized
to employ suitable persons to conduct said inqui-
ries, to prescribe their duties, and to establish regu-
lations for the conduct of persons who may receive
appointments in the civil service."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
see that the commissioners whom the Pres-
ident is to appoint are to do that? That is
not in reference to the officers appointed. The
last clause is merely telling for what purpose
the President may employ commissioners. He
may employ commissioners to assist him in
making regulations.
Mr. MORTON. Precisely. And if they suit
him he has power to apply them. It author-
izes him to call to his aid commissioners, and
they are to present for adoption rules for the
conduct of the persons in the civil service;
and furthermore, to prescribe rules for the
admission of persons to the service, so that
their appointments shall be removed from polit-
ical influence. That is the power; that is the
thing that we know was contemplated when that
law was passed; but now the Senator denies
that it is embraced in his law. I can only say
that if it was not, his law was lame ; it was the
play of Hamlet with the part of Hamlet left
out; he unfortunately omitted the most im-
portant and material thing, according to his
own construction, that was embraced in the
reform of the civil service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was as much as I could
do to get that through.
Mr. MORTON. Well, sir; you got it all,
and I never heard it denied until to-night that
this law referred the whole subject to the com-
mission; and, asl am informed, the commis-
sioners have so understood, that this whole sub-
ject was referred to their consideration. And
now, after this thing had been so fully com-
mitted to the President, and he has been act-
ing upon it, and this learned board has been
sitting so long to consider it, will not impar-
tial observers say that the attempt is made at
the last hour to wrest the whole subject from
the President, that he may not have the credit
before the country of reforming the civil ser-
vice?
One word further in regard to the power of
the committee and what I said the other day.
As I read to the Senate a little while ago, I
said that this resolution gave no power to that
committee to make investigations in regard to
frauds and crimes, but I said it was assumed
that it did, and I discussed it upon that hy-
pothesis, and here is my language in the Globe
to show it. But I from the first denied that that
resolution gave that power, and it seems to me
the Senator has abandoned it to-night in his
speech. He says they should have power to
send for persons and papers, to ascertain what
offices can be abolished. If they cannot ascer-
tain without sending for persons and papers
what offices can be abolished let them have that
power. If they cannot ascertain how the
methods of accountability can be corrected or
improved without having the power to send
for private papers and for persons, let them
have it.
But, as I understand the Senator's speech,
and he cannot do otherwise, the claim that has
been made throughout this whole discussion,
that this resolution gave the power to investi-
gate frauds and crimes, has been abandoned;
and I say in conclusion that every imputation
which has been made upon the Senate, in it or
out of it, that the majority were resisting the
investigation of frauds and crimes, falls to the
ground, because confessedly the resolution that
has been contended for does not give that
power.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr President, I only pro-
pose to occupy the attention of the Senate
for a very few moments; nor would I venture
to speak at all at this time were it not for the
fact that on Thursday last, while temporarily
absent from my seat, at the time the proposi-
tion to raise the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment was being discussed, the
honorable Senator from Missouri, whose seat
is upon the opposite side of the Chamber, [Mr.
Blajr,] took occasion to allude to the action
of the President in suspending two United
States officials in the State of Arkansas. I send
to the Secretary's desk a copy of the Globe,
and I ask to have read so much of the Senate
proceedings of that day as is marked on the
fourth page.
The Chief Clerk read as follows ;
11 .Mr. Blair. "Will the Senator yield to me a
moment?
" Mr. Wilson. Certainly.
" Mr. Blair. The Senator from Massachusetts is
very boastful about this Administration, and its
vigor in prosecutions. I should like to call his at-
tention to the case that recently occurred in Arkan-
sas, where the district attorney and marshal were both
removed after procuring an indictment against an
offender against the laws of the United States.
"Mr, Soott. If the Senator fioin Massachusetts
will permit me, I think I can answer the inquiry.
" Mr. ¥ilsos. Very well.
" Mr. Soott. That has been a subject which has
been before tho public to some extent, and it has
been a matter of investigation to an extent which I
am not permitted to speak about here, but I may say
this much, and the knowledge which I have on the
subject enables me to say, that the measures for the
removal of the district attorney and the marshal re-
ferred to, were taken long before the indictment was
found against, the officer referred to.
" Mr. Blair. If the Senator will allow me another
word in answer to that, I will say that I thmk the
Senator from Pennsylvania is entirely mistaken. I
have the same means of knowledge on the subject
that he has, and my memory is not as he has stated.
The officers, as i understand, and as I think the Sen-
ate will very soon have occasion to know, were
turned out of their offices for finding an indictment
against a person for violating tho laws of theUnited
States."
Mr. CLAYTON. Now, Mr. President, if
the understanding of the Senator from Mis-
souri is correct, if it is true that the President
in the exercise of his high functions has turned
out of office two officers from the State of
Arkansas simply because an indictment was
found through their instrumentality against a
person for a violation of the United States
laws, then indeed has he been guilty of a grave
