1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
ing the tariff as provided in the amendments
reported by the Committee on Finance to the
bill then under consideration, especially in the
second section of their amendments. I stated
then that I would vote to repeal entirely the
duties upon tea and coffee, because I believed
we could do that and at the same time make
the other reductions in the tariff proposed by
the committee in the rest of their bill, but that
if we could not do that, I should consider the
question whether I would vote for the entire
repeal of the duties on tea and coffee. I said
so then, and I say so now. If it shall be determ-
ined that in consequence of the total repeal
of the duties on tea and coffee we can make
no other reductions of the tariff, I am prepared
to change my vote upon the question and vote
for the entire amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to consider
whether we can make the reduction contem-
plated by the second section of the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance,
and at the same time repeal entirely the duties
on tea and coffee. It was stated by the chair-
man of the committee that we could not; and
immediately after the vote was taken upon
repealing the duties on tea and coffee the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] made
a motion to strike out the second section,
because, dispensing with the revenue upon tea
and coffee, we could not also dispense with the
amount of revenue we should lose by taking
ten per cent, of the duties off the articles spe-
cified in that section, leaving ninety per cent,
to remain. Now I want to consider that ques-
tion as to how much we shall lose, if anything
at all, by taking ten per cent, of the duty off
the articles included in the second section of
the amendments of the Committee on Finance.
I submit the proposition that in point of
fact there will be no reduction of the reve-
nue arising from taking ten per cent, off the
duties from those articles and leaving the
ninety per cent., and I think I shall be sus-
tained by the documentary evidence that I
can present to the Senate upon that ques-
tion. Suppose we take ten per cent, ot the
duties off those articles : the annual increase
of importations for the last five years has
been more than five per cent. In fact the
annual increase of importations during the
last two years has been over two per cent.,
and if the same increase of importations con-
tinues during the next two years that has
taken place during the last two, there will
be an absolute increase of the revenue not-
withstanding the reduction of tea per cent,
in the rate of duties.
I find by reference to an official document
prepared by the Bureau of Statistics that the
aggregate imports for the year 1869 were
$414,256,248 ; that the value of the imports
for 1870 was $452,875,665, being an increase
of a little more than ten per cent. I find that
in 1871, the next year, the imports were
$518,759,000, an increase of over eleven per
cent, from 1870. The customs revenue in
1869 was §176,577,583. In 1870 the customs
revenue on the same articles, without any
change in the rate of duties, was $191,513,000.
But m 1870 we made a reduction of the tariff
that reduced it au average of over ten per
cent, upon all the duties. We took off $23,-
000,000 of duties in 1870, an average of
twelve per cent, of the whole range of duties.
Now see what was the result. After that re-
duction took place, the revenue went up from
$191,513,000 in 1870 to $202,446,000 in 1871,
being au increase of between live and six per
cent, m the actual amount of revenue re-
ceived, notwithstanding an average reductiou
of twelve per cent, on the whole rate of duties.
Now, sir, if we shall reduce the duties ten
per cent, upon the articles named in section
two of the amendments of the Committee on
Finance, judging from these figures, and the
figures from 1850 up to 1859 show^ a still
larger increase in the rate of importation and
of revenue, we shall still derive a larger rev-
enue from the remaining ninety per cent, on
those articles than wo do now from the one
hundred per cent. There will be an increased
stimulus of importation from the reduction of
the duty ; something can be counted on upon
that score ; but there will be a natural increase
of importations perhaps of ten per cent, with-
out reference to the rate of duty. The increase
of importations from 1869 to 1870 upon the
same rate of duties was a little over 'ten per
cent. ; and from 1870 to 1871, counting the
fiscal year, over eleven per cent. I have here
a statement made out at the Bureau of Statis-
tics, bringing down the amountof importations
to the end of the calendar year instead of the
fiscal year, tbe fiscal year ending on the last
day of June, 1871, and the calendar year end-
ing on the last day of December, 1871. The
statement is that up to the lstday of January,
1872, the imporations for the calendar year
18il were $572,506,930; showing an increase
of nearly twenty per cent, in the importations.
Looking at these figures there is no ground,
in my judgment, for saying that the reduction
of ten per cent, on the articles embraced in
section two will lead to any reduction of the
revenue. Therefore, we can repeal the duly
on tea and coffee and take off that ten per
cent., considering the ten per cent, as not
affecting the amount of revenue at all. It sim-
ply brings back the question as to whether we
can take the duties off tea and coffee. I do
not want to strike out section two.
I am opposed to the theory advocated by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mi-. Trumbull.] I
believe it is unsound; I believe it is illogical,
and I think it is contradicted by the entire
experience of this country. But, sir, 1 am in
favor of putting the duties at that point where
there shall be a fair and generous competition
between the home and the foreign producer. 1
believe that is the true theory. Where there is
a fair and generous competition between the
home and foreign producer, 1 believe that com-
petition produces those results that contradict
the free-trade theory from beginning to end.
The free-trade theory, as advocated here to-
day, is contradicted by our experience in re-
gard to the history of the tariff from the first.
Where the tariff produces competition, builds
up manufactures at home that come in com-
petition with those abroad, the effect of that
competition is to bring prices down below the
point where they would be if there was no tariff
at all. That is the result of experience, and
experience is better than all argument. A
theory that comes in contact with the facts is
worthless; and this whole free-trade theory is
one that is contradicted by the facts, and con-
tradicted at every point.
But, Mr. President, this reduction of ten
per cent, can be made without impairing the
industries that are comprehended in that sec-
tion. We have the report of the committee
to that effect. The Committee on Finance,
with I believe the exception of but one mem-
ber, have reported that that reduction of ten
per cent, can be made without impairing those
industries. If it can, it ought to be made. It
ought to be made upon principle ; it ought to
be made as a matter of justice; and it ought
to be made for political considerations.
Every line of this tariff bill is a political
measure. There is no question that can come
before the Senate which is more thoroughly
political than the tariff. If this reductiou
of ten per cent, can be made upon principle
consistent with the due encouragement of
our industries, consistent with a fair, generous
competition, then it ought to be made for
those reasons, superadded to which are the
highest political considerations, which we
cannot afford to lose sight of.
The same argument that has been made here
to-day is to be made all over the country in
the coming canvass, and those who make it
will have the advantage of the report of this
committee to this effect, for the committee
have reported that this reduction of ten per
cent, can take place without impairing the
industries affected by it. The committee
having made that report upon full examina-
tion, I believe we should act upon it. While
I am opposed to reducing the tariff so as to
cripple our industries, to break them down, to
give a monopoly to tha foreign producer, I am
still for reducing the tariff from time to time
in such a way as shall take from it the char-
acter of monopoly.
As I said before, I am opposed to foreign
or domestic monopoly. I would give neither
one nor the other. By placing duties too high
you give a domestic monopoly; by placing
them too low, you give a foreign monopoly.
I am equally opposed to both. I would so
provide as to both that there shall be fair and
generous competition. The committee have
reported that we can reduce the duties ten per
cent, upon the articles named in the second
section and preserve that fair and generous
competition. I think there are the highest
considerations therefore that we shall pass no
bill which does not contain the substantial
provisions of the second section. For that
reason I am not willing to act upon this tea
and coffee bill, leaving the oihers to depend
upon future action. 1 think they should go
together. I think we can stiike out tbe internal
revenue taxes, such as were contemplated by
my amendment the other day, and strike out
this ten i>er cent., because that makes no dim-
inution of the revenue, and strike off the duties
on tea and coffee, and still pay $50,000,000 on
the public debt. But if it should turn out that
the revenue should fall six or eight millions
short of enabling us to reduce the debt fifty
millions a year, 1 would be in favor of taking
that deficit of seven or ten millions from the
surplus funds in the Treasury.
There is a large surplus of money in the
Treasury, and there is a variety of opinions as
to whether it is proper to maintain it. I have
not said much upon that subject heretofore,
but I find by the last monthly statement that
there was in the Treasury on the 1st day of
this month a surplus of $124,868,745 ; of that
amount $110,405,000 was coin. There are
$32,000,000 of gold certificates outstanding.
After paying them there is still $80,000,000
of coin in the Treasury.
Now, if it should turn out that the revenue
should fall short seven, eight, or ten millions,
the Secretary of the Treasury can with perfect
safety, and perhaps with great propriety, and
perhaps he ought to do it anyhow, take that
amount from the surplus coin in the Treasury
for the purpose of keeping up the reduction of
our debt, paying that fifty millions a year. I
have no apprehension upon that subject. The
revenue is going to overrun all the calcula-
tions that have been made about it. I find the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] the
other day using the following language in re-
gard to it, and I think he is entirely correct:
" The Secretary of the Treasury, in his estimates
for the year ending June 30, 1872, placed thereeeipts
irom customs at ^175,000,000. l?or the eight months
that, have passed ot that fiscal year, the receipts,
according to a table furnished by the Commissioner
of Customs, are $145,453,170, making a monthly
average of $18,181,000. It that average be main-
tained
And it is more likely to be increased than
diminished—
" during the year, the receipts from customs, instead
of 6175,000,000, as estimated, will be Sj18, 179,000, or
an excess of $43,000,000over the estimate." .
And the Senator from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, in his speech
in the opening of this debate, used this lan-
guage, and 1 think with entire propriety:
"Again, the effect of tho repeal and reduction of
taxes has always been overestimated, lhe decrease
of a tax rarely produces a corresponding decrease
of the revenue; in some cases causing an increased
importation of the foreign fabric and a falling off
in the domestio fabric; in some cases causing an
increased consumption of the article."
Then he goes on to give a statement of the
increase of revenue from 1868 up to 1871, being
