2870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
that has been adopted, and then if any Senator
can convince the Senate that the amendment
ought not to have been adopted, ho can move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed to its third reading and the amend-
ment can come before the Senate again with
a. full knowledge of the information which ho
has given the Senate upon it, or (he whole
bill may be defeated.
This does not cut off debate in any sense to
the impediment of business. We have repeat-
edly had five-minute debates in this body, and
they are the best debates I ever listened to. I
remember well a five-minutes speech that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton']
made; and it is saying a great deal when I
declare that it, was the best speech I ever heard
hira make here. The debates under the five-
minutes rule have been always confined to the
subject; and if any Senator had anything to
say upon the subject pending which he could
not say in five minutes, 1 never knew unani-
mous consent to be refused to him to proceed,
and ( should be quite willing to have the pro-
posed rule so amended that a Senator might
proceed by a majority vote if that vote could
be taken without debate.
There is no disposition in this body, there
never has been any disposition since I have
been a member of it, to cut off any debate
that was really intended to throw light on the
subject, under discussion ; but I think it is time
tliat we cut off debate on matters irrelevant;
and although it may not be the intention of
such debate, the effect, of it is merely to post-
pone business and to retard the operations of the
Government. Take the ease of the deficiency
bill, which ought, to have been passed a fort-
night ago. The Senator from California [Mr.
Casseiily] says that not the minority but the
majority have been to blame Cor bringing for-
ward these irrelevant matters, or matters not
proper to be considered on the deficiency bill,
and for consuming time. I quite agree with
him. It, is not because the minority have
sinned against the restriction of this rule that
I wish to have it adopted. It is the majority
that, we are alter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, to
postpone the further consideration of this reso-
lution until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion
for the purpose of receiving an amendinentthat
the Senator from Maryland wishes to offer.
Mr. ViCKERS. I move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting, after the word ''thereto,"
in the third line, the words "germane to the
subject-matter of the billso as to read :
That during the present session it shall bo in order
ponding an appropriation bill, to move to confine
debate on amendments thoroto, germane to thosub-
ject-matter of the bill, to live minutes by any Sena-
tor. &c.
THE VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
The question being put, it was declared that
the "noes" appeared to have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The vote on this amend-
ment discloses what the intention is. This
amendment proposes to limit the debate to
five minutes on_ matters germane to the bill,
if I understand it, and it is now proposed not
to adopt it; and then what is the intention ?
I he intention is to have a rule by which you
can put any sort of legislation on to an appro -
priation bill under a five minutes rule and not
allow debate on it. 'If this amendment is
voted down, it shows that an arbitrary and
despotic rule in reference to measures not
germane to the appropriation bills is to be
enforced here for the purpose of forcing them
upon the country without discussion. Let us
see if the Senate of the United States is pre-
pared to vote that matters not germane at ull
to the bill, and which can be laid on the table
on motion, are to be forced through this body
under a five minutes rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I think
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland
is eminently just. When an appropriation
bill is before the body the general scope of it
is intelligible. Amendments, therefore, that
are germane are also to be understood almost
as soon as presented. As to them, therefore,
there may be some color for a limitation of
debate. Bur, Mr. President, was itever before
heard of in a body claiming freedom of debate
that an amendment not germane, an amend-
ment which is puie legislation on some sub-
ject a thousand miles away from an appro-
priation bill, should be put through under a
limitation of debate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired, and the unfin-
ished business of Saturday is before the Sen-
ate, being the deficiency bill, the pending ques-
tion being on the motion of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] to lay on the table the
motion of the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Frulinghuysex] to reconsider the vote by
which the so-called Morrill amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SCOTT. I think the experience we
have already had upon this deficiency bill
will justify me in moving to lay it on the
table for the present, that we may dispose of
this resolution.
Mr. COLE. Let it pass over informally.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; let it pass over
informally.
Mr. TRLJMBULL. I object to its passing
over informally.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I move to lay it on the
table for the purpose of proceeding with the
consideration of this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the deficiency
bill be laid on the table.
Mr. CASSliRLY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY, I wish to state on behalf
of the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
that his absence this morning is accounted
for by the fact that the state of his health
has obliged him to go to Philadelphia to con-
sult a physician.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ^8, nays 14; as tollo'
Kellogg, Morton. Nye, Poiucroy, Pratt,, Ramsey'
h.uvyor, bcott, Sherman, Stewart, Windom, and
Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. C.isserly. Cole, Davis of
West Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
Norwood, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull'
and \ li-kers—It.
AIJSKNT—Messrs. bayard, Iilair, Brownlow,Cald-
well, Cameron, Clayton. Cooper, Oorbett, Oragin,
in vie nf U nn tr„ , u« „ „ .f n **  i >
Pool, Ransom, lliee. Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz'
Spencer, Sumner, Tiiunnan, Tipton, West, and
Wilson—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the resolution sub-
mitted by me.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland, upon which theyeasand nays
have been ordered..
Mr. CASSERLY'. The Senator from Uliuois
was undoubtedly right when he said that the
vote on the amendment of tlie Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Vickers] would be a test of
the objects of the majority in offering t.he reso-
lution for the five minutes limit. And now, sir,
we have had another vote, which is, if possi-
ble, a more emphatic and significant test of
those objects. Why, sir, whatdoesit all mean?
[Laughter on the Republican side.] When I
came here this morning 1 beard around the
Capitol riimois of one of those dark assem-
blages for eoercingand whipping in the majority
by means not known to the Constitution norto
the laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And in violation of both ?
Mr. CASSERLY. It may be, though I do
not say in violation of both ; but they do not
help either. They are a standing menace, if
not an obstruction, to both the Constitution
and the laws, just as they have been, as I once
had occasion to show, a menace and an ob-
struction to all freedom of opinion in legisla-
tion in this body, to all free action on the part
of Senators in this body. Sir, as we all see
now, there can be no doubt of the truth of the
rumor. There was a caucus of the majority in
the Senate this morning. The first vote, solid,
compact,, all but unanimous, from the other
side of the Chamber in respect of the resolution
gave strength to the rumor. Now, I have no
doubt of it.
What is it that is going on before our eyes?
Here is the Senator from Pennsylvania in front
of me, [Mr. Scott,] of whom we thought a
few days ago that he had but one object in life
in staying in the Senate, and that was to get
his free tea and coffee bill up and passed,
as the sole relief of a country shrieking in
agony. On the other hand, there is my col-
league, who has not been precisely "shriek-
ing in agony" over his appropriation bills,
though he has been very near it. 1 may say
in justice to him that in season and out of
season he has been pressing his appropriation
bills upon the Senate, urging them early and
late, the first thing in the morning and the
last at night; yet the very moment it is sug-
gested to him by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia that he wishes to get up his resolution, he,
too, discards at a word his pressure in favor
of the appropriation bill for the resolution
to which my friend from Pennsylvania had
already sacrificed tea and coll'ee and a shriek-
ing community. The wonder of it all is that
the resolution is by no means pressing. If it
should not pass before to-morrow 1 do not
fear that the Capitol will fall in, nor thai the
Union will be in danger of dissolution. Even
the Administration part.v will manage to
survive the delay. So far as the new rule
is concerned, as a very distinguished citizen
used to say, "there is nothing a breaking or
a burning" that anybody should get m a
tempest over it. My colleague for once yields
at the word, and gets out of the way of this
resolution. ^ It is true, he voted against the
motion to lay on the table, hut it was a very
safe vote with such a majority as was shown
on tlie other side of the Chamber.
fhe programme was perfect and the per-
formance complete. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, at the expiration of the morning
hour, moves his lesolution putting aside my
colleague and his appropriation bills. Prom
his seat, the Senator from New York [Mr.
CoxKLixy] exclaims •' that's right!" "What
Cato did and Addison approved cannot be
wrong." What the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Scott] moved, and the Senator
from New York [Mr. Conklixg] indorsed,
went through by a great majority.. The ma-
chinery works to perfection.
^ONKLING-. Does it not?
• . It does ; no doubt about
it. Ihe chief engineer yonder has reason to
be proud of his work.
Now, sir, we of the minority have little, if
anything, to do with the private arrange-
ments, the secret caucuses, of the majority
here, in or out of the Capitol, except all good
men must deplore the dangers of such forcing
processes iti legislation. What is plain to us
all is that on no other ground except the co-
ercion of a caucus can we explain the votes
given here this morning. Senators have voted .
tor tins resolution who never would cast such,
a vote except iu the bondage, if we can judge
