130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Service JReform—Mr. 8peer.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
When that paragraph was penned the author
probably thought there was a possibility of
the Democratic party obtaining possession of
the Government at the next election, and in
that event the United States Government
would be managed with the same ability which
has characterized the government of the city
of New York, if such were the apprehensions
of the commissioners that paragraph does
them great credit, and tends to put the coun-
try on its guard against so deplorable a result.
But as it is morally certain that the Repub-
lican party is yet high in the confidence of the
American people and destined to control the
affairs of the nation for years to come, I insist
that paragraph is wholly inapplicable and not
warranted by the record of the party since its
accession to power..
But, sir, not only are we to have offices
multiplied and " incessant temporary employ-
ments" and vast deficiency and supplement-
ary appropriation bills, but "meanwhile the
influence which has obtained the office, not
for the public service, but as a private reward,
will be slow to see inefficiency or actual dis-
honesty in the conduct of the incumbent."
If the "influence" will be slow to see
these defects, an enlightened public and a
free press, the pride and boast of free Amer-
ica, will not be so slow to make them known,
and such shafts of condemnation will be lev-
eled at the inefficientand dishonest incumbent
that not only lie, but the "influence" which
retains him in office likewise, will be hurled
from power by an indignant and an honest
people. No " influence " will sacrifice itself
in an attempt to shield incompetency and dis-
honesty, when such a course can but result in
disaster and ruin. There is nothing in the his-
tory of the Republican party which shows that
in any instance has it shielded the unfaithful
public servant from the disgrace and punish-
ment which his infidelity merited. On the
contrary, the settled policy of the party has
been to visit the penalty of the law upon any
man, be he high or low, who has betrayed the
trust reposed in him by the people or by the
Government. That this policy will be continued
by the party, and that the future will prove the
civil service commissioners to have been false
prophets, at least in this regard, I have no sort
of doubt.
I have considered briefly that portion of the
report that treats of the civil service system
as it now exists, and the results which these
commissioners think will surely follow if their
scheme is not adopted. I will now review the
plan the commissioners lay down, and con
sider it in its practical operation.
The first fruits of the commissioners' plan
would be a bureau of examination, with an
advisory board, of unknown and indefinite
power, at the head, and a vast army of examin-
ers, of unknown and indefinite expense, at the
tail. It would be a very easy matter to estab-
lish this costly concern by the appropriation
of a few millions dollars. The expense of
this bureau alone would be no small item were
this plan put into operation, even admitting
that it will bear a practical test. I fear the
" deficiency and supplementary appropriation
bills" would be more needed then than they
are now under the present "evil system."
Where we now lose only one fourth of the
revenue in the collection we would lose it all
and run in debt in our vain efforts to keep up
this elaborate system now proposed.
We are told that in England such a system
is in full operation. Possibly so ; but did the
commissioners remember that the area of the
United States is nearly sixty times that of
England? So what can be done in England
and what can be done in this country are
wholly different questions both as to practi-
cability and expense.
Now, to successfully carry out this commis-
sion scheme there must necessarily be several
local boards of examination in each State, or
there must be several itinerant boards travel-
ing from one part of the country to another
for the purpose of examining applicants for
office.
It would be necessary, in the first instance, to
have more than one board in each State, for
the reason that men who are very learned in
the different branches of literature are not apt
to know much about the collection of customs
or revenue, or the duties of a light-house
keeper or a postmaster. Now, if a board to
examine applicants for each of these depart-
ments of the public service be maintained in
each State and Territory,'the aggregate num-
ber of persons composing the examining boards
will by far exceed the aggregate number of
persons now in the civil service of the Govern-
ment. If on the other hand itinerant boards
are employed, their traveling expenses will
about equal the cost of sustaining the several
local boards.
One of these two expensive plans must
needs be adopted, or all applicants for office
must come to Washington to be examined,
which is condemned by its very unreasonable-
ness.
Thus it is that at the very start there is an
establishment which will take annually large
sums from the public Treasury. This is a
very inauspicious beginning, and is not calcu-
lated to add a very great deal to the popular-
ity of this scheme to reform the civil service.
If after an examination is had, in which
twenty-five applicants for an office are exam-
ined, and ten of them are found equally qual-
ified for the office, are the names of the ten to
be sent to the President for his action'? No !
an irresponsible examining board arbitrarily
selects the names of three of the ten, which
three names are presented to the President,
who from them arbitrarily selects one. If it
is so detrimental to the public service for the
President to make an arbitrary selection from
the people, is it not more detrimental for that
irresponsible board to make an arbitrary selec-
tion of three, and for the President to make
another arbitrary selection of one? The ob-
jection to an arbitrary selection applies with
more vigor to the plan proposed than to the
present "evil system," torunder the new sys-
tem there will be two arbitrary selections, while
now there is but one.
But this system of examinations, and these
two instead of the one arbitrary selection
under the present system, is not innovation
enough to satisfy this commission ; for after a
man has passed through this fiery ordeal as a
recompense for his mental suffering and anx-
iety, he muSt have a vested right in the office.
The very offices which commissioners claim
to belong to the people, and not to individuals,
are to be made by their system almost the
absolute property of individuals. Why not
carry it further, and make the office heredi-
tary ? This is the logical sequence of the
scheme.
An individual who passes the examination,
receives the appointment, and has been con-
firmed in his office, is to be kept there perpet-
ually. The commissioners say:
"A discretion of removal in such cases, if so
guarded in its exercise that it is not liable to be
abused, is most desirable in every office."
The people are to become so distrustful of
the President of the United States after the
adoption of this scheme of reform that when
they vest in him a discretionary power to re-
move the aristocracy from office, that this
power must be so guarded that it is no longer
a discretion to remove but a prohibition against
removal at all. The commissioners presume
a President of the United States will abuse the
power of removal if untrammeled. They pro-
pose to give him no opportunity, when his term
of office shall have expired, to say to the peo-
ple, "I have exercised this power only when
my country's good demanded its exercise."
They say in effect to the President, here is a
power incident to yotir office, but you cannot
abuse it; we have anticipated you there, and
covered it all over with "guards." The Pres-
ident should at least have the presumption in
his favor that he will faithfully perform his
duty in accordance with his oath of office.
While these commissioners are endeavoring
to hatch a plan to make the small offices in
the civil service of perpetual tenure, there is
another faction seeking to restrict the tenure
of the presidential office to a single term of
four years. Thus, if both of these plans suc-
ceed, the tree of civil service will have its root
and trunk cutaway every four years, while the
twigs and branches are to Vemain unpruned,
as it were, forever. A strange anomaly 1
If all the minor offices in the country are to
be held by perpetual tenure, what reason is
there for the discrimination against the greater
and more responsible offices? In my opinion,
when we make the tenure of any civil office in
this country perpetual that is not so now, we
take a great stride toward the overthrow of
republican government and the establishment
of a monarchy. The framcrs of the Constitu-
tion carried that principle as far as the nature
of our Government will allow when they
placed the provision in that instrument making
a judgeship a life-office.
The only essential difference between a
republic and a monarchy is ihis: the one is a
government of the people, and the other is a
government of the officers. Sir,'when we
tread upon the ground these commissioners
have marked out for us, we are on the high
road to ruin. When we begin this wayward
course the tendency will he to tear off the forms
of republicanism and assume those of monarch-
ical government! Indications of thisare to be
found even now in the report of these com-
missioners. They recommend in a great meas-
ure the plan of civil service which has obtained
in England. If it goes that far now, does not
that indicate the tendency to go still farther,
and imitate the entire Government of Eng-
land? Aside, therefore, from the impracti-
cability of the scheme, it is obnoxious to the
objection of being, if not absolutely'anti-
republicanin itself, directly so in its tendencies.
The commissioners predict a most extra-
ordinary result to flow from the adoption of
their scheme, which deserves at least a passing
notice. According to them, when this new re-
form shall have received the sanction of law,
the crime of conspiracy is to become unknown,
the subtle tongue of slander to be forever
hushed in death! These are consummations
devoutly to be wished, but are as likely to
result from anything else as from a reform of
the civil service.
If any abuses exist in our present system of
the civil service I will do all in my power to
correct them, but I am not willing, under the
guise of reforming the^civil service, to saddle
upon the country the expensive, impractica-
ble, anti-rcpublican, and un-American scheme
which the civil service commission has pro-
posed. The true way to reform the civil ser-
vice, if any reform be necessary, is to visit
the severest penalty of the law upon a wrong-
doer. Let it be known to office-holders that
any act of theirs in violation of law or detri-
mental to the public service will be followed by
the severest consequences to themselves. In
this, and in this only, will be found the true
reform.
For myself, I am content to leave the con-
trol of the civil service unfettered where it
now rests by constitutional provision, ccifi-
