182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
and serious offense; but I undertake to say
that the facts in the case do not warrant any
such conclusion, but, upon the contrary, that
they were of such a nature as to have made it
the imperative duty of the President to sus-
pend those two officers.
If the honorable Senator from Missouri will
pardon me, I will venture to suggest that if he
had shown a small portion of that zeal which
usually characterizes his investigations, espe-
cially into the alleged short-comings of this
Administration, before this charge was made
by him, in an attempt to ascertain the real
motives of the President, I do not believe he
would ever have made that charge upon this
floor. If he had taken the trouble to have
3one to the Attorney General's office, he could
have there learned that on die 14th day of April,
six weeks before these suspensions took place,
a Senator of the United States, representing
in part the people of Arkansas, did prefer
charges against those two officers; and upon
further inquiry he could have found out that
documents were left on file there in substan-
tiation of those charges, and that those charges
were not based upon the ground that an in-
dictment had been found against any person.
I hold in my hand a copy of one of those doc-
uments. It is a report of a committee on be-
half of the senate of the State of Arkansas,
who were authorized, in conjunction with a
like committee on behalf of the house, in re-
lation to election frauds in Pulaski county,
Arkansas, committed at the November elec-
tion in 1870. I should be glad, if the time of
the Senate would permit, to have this report
read, but as it is late, I will only ask to have
30 much of it read as I have marked, and I
will say that both branches of the General
Assembly, by a large majority of each house,
adopted the report.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Your committee are informed that no mm con-
nected with these frauds and outrages has been
arrested or indicted, anil that the participants
therein openly boast that the clerk and sheriff of
Pulaski county will never let a grand jury be im-
paneled that would indict them. Not one offieer
clothed with the majesty of the law. from Marshal
Catter on down to his lowest deputy, discharged his
sworn duty, but, on the contrary, used it to aid in
the acre of fraud and violence to which we have
culled attention. The deputy sheriffs, like the dep-
uty marshals, were often one and the same person;
if any one of the latter class performed the duty
enjoined on them by the law of the State we have
been unable to learn his name.
" Your committee are of opinion that it ought to
bema&e a peua^ offense for a person acting as a
deputy ^heriif to, at the same time, exercise the
powers nnfl duties of a deputy United States mar-
soal. lee combination of the two offices in one per-
ecn was one of the means by which these frauds were
consummated.
"Yourcommittee would further recommend that
thought ne <riven as to the propriety of separating
toy election of State and county officers from the
election of members of Congress. If this should
be done the United States marshals would have no
excuse for interfering and overriding all law for'the
purpo-io of forcing obnoxiou-s men, not into Con-
gress, but mto the Legislature of the State, as was
'he object in the late election."
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the mar-
shal referred to in this report a9 having used
his office to aid in the perpetration of frauds
and outrages is one of the officers alluded to
whom the President has suspended. Now, [
ask the honorable Senator from Missouri
whether, with such information, emanating
from the very highest authority in the State of
Arkansas other than the people themselves,
laid before the executive department of this
Government, he is still of the opinion that this
officer was removed because and for the single
reason tnai a:; indictment had been found
«« >( some individual?
Mr. RLAIIL Mr. President, the informa- i
tion that I have upon the subject to which the ;
Senator alludes was from testimony taken i
o?f.jr« the Committee on Alleged Outrages \
in the South. Certain witnesses were called '•
b'sbre that committee and gave their tests- I
fiony, and if, was to the effect that I stated to !
the .Senate the other day, that these removals |
had been made because a certain individual
had been indicted for a violation of a law. of
the United States. Inasmuch as the indi-
vidual was the Senator himself who has just
addressed the Senate, as he was the person
indicted, and as upon the trial of that indict-
ment a motion was made, a technical motion,
by which he was discharged, and his trial was
never gone into, that has strengthened my
faith in the testimony given by the witnesses.
The ground taken was that the Senator, who
was then Governor of the State of Arkansas,
was not such an officer of elections as was em-
braced or named in the enforcement law, as it
was called, and hence, not being such an officer,
he could not come within the purview of the
statute. If he bad stood his trial upon the
facts, it might have changed my opinion in
regard to the testimony of those witnesses.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I have
abstained from referring to what may have
taken place before a committee which has not
yet reported to this body. I am, it is true, a
young member of this body, and before pro-
ceeding further I should like to know from the
Chair whether the report of a committee which
has notyet finished its investigation, but which
will probably go further into investigations of
these facts, can be known at this time in
open Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands not.
Mr. CLAYTON. Very well, sir. Then
although, as I said before, I am a young mem-
ber of this body, I do not intend to follow the
example of the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, and infringe upon its rules if I know it.
I will say this much, however, as through the
courtesy of the chairman of that committee
that report is furnished to me, I undertake to
say that it does not establish what the Se'nator
from Missouri has stated; but from the investi-
gation had there, the ex parte investigation
of one of the officers who were suspended, it
is shown that three weeks before the indict-
ment was found against me measures had been
taken for the removal of those officers and that
the remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] on the occasion referred to were
perfectly correct in that respect.
I have shown you, Mr. President, what the
nature of those charges was. This officer was
charged with using his office as United States
marshal in the perpetration of frauds and vio-
lence in the State of Arkansas. A great deal
of clamor has been made of late by a certain
class of politicians about what is termed the
unwarranted interference of Federal officials
in the affairs of the States; and yet when a
case of this kind, as clearly substantiated as a
case can be which has not been adjudicated
by the courts, is brought to the knowledge of
the President and the officer so interferring
unwarrantably is suspended, these same gen-
tlemen raise a hue and cry ail over this coun-
try, that an officer has been suspended simply
because an indictment was found against a
certain individual!
Now, one word in relation to the indictment
itself, as the Senator has seen fit to allude to
it. It ought to be a pretty good argument with
a State-rights Democrat, if with no oue else,
that an individual exercising the powers and
functions of Governor of a State owes some
duty to his State. I venture to say that the
first step the gentleman himself would have
taken, it' he had been Governor of a State and
had been called into a Federal court to answer
for what he did while Governor of that State
under the laws of his State, would have been
to deny the jurisdiction of that court. He
would have said, "You have no right to bring
me into your court and ask as to how f enforced
the State laws."
Mr. President', I should like to allude to the
removal of this district attorney, but I for-
bear. But 1 f,ay that from thecommencementof
the measures to bring about his removal—and
it was six weeks before the i emoval took place—
there was not one word said about an indict-
ment having been found against the individual
now addressing you ; and he was not removed
for any such reason.
I do not make these remarks in vindication
of the President of the United States. That
distinguished officer requires no vindication
from me. It has been said that actions speak
louder than words. His actions in the past
and his actions in the present speak for him
and are his vindicator, and they speak in tones
loud enough and clear enough to be heard all
over this country, from one end to the other,
and the patriotic citizens of this country, from
the highest to the lowest, at the proper time
will respond to that language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is upon the amendment offered by
the Senator from Rhode Island to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I rise to make
a single remark on that question. I am op-
posed to the proposition oi the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island for this reason: as I
understand the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois, it proposes to clothe the committee
with power to examine whether the patronage
of the General Government has been brought
iuto conflict with the right of suffrage and for
purposes of general corruption. I think that
there can be no more legitimate subject for
inquiry connected with the duties of this com-
mittee. There is no Senator who would not,
in theory at least, condemn the bringing of
the patronage of the General Government into
conflict with the freedom of suffrage and to be
used for purposes of general corruption.
Now I understand that one of the branches
of the resolution of the honorable Senator
from Illinois directs, empowers, requires this
committee to inquire whether the patronage
of the General Government has been brought
in conflict with the freedom of suffrage or has
been used for purposes of corruption gener-
ally. I think, sir, that that portion of the
resolution contemplating such an inquiry
ought to be retained, and it probably will be.
as valuable or more valuable than all the rest
of the resolution besides.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say but a single
word. I feel myself compelled to vote for the
amendment moved by the Senator from Rhode
Island. I feel under obligations to do so; but
I wish to say now, distinctly, that if that amend-
ment succeeds, I shall vote for the other por-
tions of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois whenever they are presented,
whether to-day, to-morrow, or any other day;
and shall vote for any proposition couched in
proper language, moved by any Senator, Re-
publican or Democratic, in this body, to invest-
igate the affairs of our country anywhere.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the
amendment reported on which we are to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that the Secre-
tary put the whole subject before the Senate
by reading first the resolution of the Senator
from Rhode Island, and then the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the entire proposition.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
is as follows:
Rvmlvtd, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be ooraposed of the following
Senators: Mr. Buckinmiam, (chairman,(Mr. Pratt.
Mr. Howe, Mr. Hmts, Mr. Ptkwart. Mr. Pool.
and Mr. Bayard.
That resolution was amended by adding the
name of Mr. Casskrly to the committee.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tri'mbvll]
proposes to amend the resolution by adding to
it the following words:
And that said committee of Investigation and
ttetrenehment be instructed to inquire into the
