3766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Mr. MORTON. I think not.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. In California.
Mr. MORTON. I should not understand
how it could be. Sometimes there has been
a Representative allowed subsequently for a
fraction at the time the enumeration was
taken, but not for a subsequent increase of
population, because that would be unconstitu-
tional.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
That if prior to December, 1873, it shall bo shown
by a census taken by the authority and at the ex-
pense of the State nf Nebraska that the population
of said State is sufficient to entitle her on the basis
of the present enumeration to an additional Repre-
sentative in Congress, such Representative shall be
allowed her, who may bo elected in accordance with
the provisions of this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is the same ob-
jection to that. It is right in the face of the
Constitution.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
LABOR COMMISSION.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 374, to provide for the appointment of a
commission on the subject of labor and the
division of profits between labor and capital
in the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
South Carolina, after he takes up his bill, to
allow it to lay aside informally, that I may pass
two or throe private matters, to which there is
no objection, two little pension bills and one
other bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall have no objection
if this bill can be taken up and considered as
the unfinished business at the close of the
Bession.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to proceed to
the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSKN. After that bill
is called up I desire to have it laid aside in-
formally, with the consent of the Senator from
South Carolina, and take up the bill that has
been partly considered in relation to the transit
of cattle.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my friend will
not make that suggestion until I can get a hear-
ing about what I previously asked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The motion was agreed to.
L. ADEMA FOSTER.
Mr. CONKLING. Now there are on the
Calendar two little pension bills which were
passed over by mistake, as the chairman of
committee explains to me. There will be no
objection to them whatever. There is also a
bill reported from the Judiciary Committee
which they are quite anxious should go back
to the House, which the Senator from New
Jersey remembers, will take but a moment,
about Simpkin's sureties. Therefore, I ask, if I
may be allowed to do so, that these three bills,
which I am sure will not lead to a moment's
debate, be considered ; and I ask first to take
up Senate bill No. 1063, reported from the
Committee on Pensions, granting a pension to
L. Adelia Foster.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York asks that the pending
bill be informally laid aside for the purpose
of considering the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave notice yesterday,
and repeated it again to-day, that immediately
after the morning hour 1 should ask the Sen-
ate to go into executive session. I gave way
this afternoon at the request of the Senator
from Vermont, in the belief that but a very
few moments would be occupied by his bill.
I now desire to have an executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
buSiH6SS
Mr. CONKLING. I ask my friend to allow
a vote to be taken on these bills. If there is
any debate upon them I will not ask him to
forbear any longer. They will not take three
minutes, and I am sure he will not interpose
against a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw his
motion ?
Mr. CAMERON. I will withhold it. If
there is any debate at all I shall renew it.
Mr. CONKLING. There will not be any
debate. These are a couple of pension bills
which have been passed over by mistake by
the Committee on Pensions.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
1003) granting a pension to L. Adelia Foster,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of L.
Adelia Foster, widow of George Foster, late
acting major of the sixty-seventh regiment
New York volunteers, and to pay her a pension
as the widow of a major, in lieu of the pension
of the widow of a captain, which she is now
receiving.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. W. CRONKITE.
Mr. CONKLING. The other ponsion bill
is Senate bill No. 1064, which I now ask to
have taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the pending bill will be laid aside
informally and the Senate will proceed to con-
sider the bill indicated by the Senator from
New York.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1004) granting a pension to J. W. Cronkite
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of J. W. Cronkite, late acting lieutenant colo-
nel one hundred and twenty-first regiment
New York volunteers, and to pay him a pen-
sion as a lieutenant colonel in lieu of his pen-
sion as a major.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JESSE J. SIMPKINS.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, the only remaining
part of my request is that the bill in reference
to Simpkins' sureties be taken up and the
amendment reported by the committee con-
curred in, so that it may go back to the House.
The bill has been reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1390) for the relief
of the sureties of the late Jesse J. Simpkins,
deceased.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and to insert the
following:
That the Attorney General of the United States
is hereby authorized and required to demand and
receive from the State of Virginia all moneys de-
posited with the State treasurer of said State by
Jesse J. Siuipkins, late of Norfolk, Virginia, de-
ceased, and, when received, to pay over the same
into the Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 2. That the sureties of the said Jesse J. Simp-
kins, upon his bonds as collector and public deposit-
ary in said Norfolk, sh:iil. upon the payment of said
moneys by the State of Virginia, and the receipt
thereof by the United States, be released and dis-
charged from liability on said bonds to the United
States, to the extent of the moneys so received by
the United States, and no further.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. While the doorsare being
closed, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 2332, to fix
the salary of the members of the Board of
Health of the District of Columbia. I do not
think that there will be any objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. You cannot pass that
bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas object?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. I ask leave to introduce a bill,
and desire to ask for its immediate considera-
tion. I should like to have the attention of
the Senate while I make a statement in regard
to it. This bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
is in executive session, and the motion of the
Senator from Georgia is not in order.
Mr. HILL. I did not know that.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and after one hour and
twenty minutes spent'therein, the doors were
reopened.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I move to take up the fortifi-
cation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
make that motion. It will take but a moment
to dispose of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Question on the motion
to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The fortification
bill was called up with the understanding that
the labor commission bill would remain as the
unfinished business, and it is so understood.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
appeal for one moment to the Senator from
Texas. ["Question 1" "Question!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas does not seem inclined to yield. The
Chair must put the question on the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to make a motion which is
necessary to be made now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Texas denies me the courtesy of a motion,
I will divide the Senate.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have no objection to
a motion being made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas withdraws the motion to
adjourn.
SIMEON SAVAGE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
bill (S. No. 649) for the relief of Simeon
Savage be recommitted to the Committee on
Patents. It is necessary that it should be done
now, in order that the bill may be considered
to-morrow. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be so ordered.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator to yield to
me for a moment. I will state that the fortifi-
