1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Tax on Tobacco—Mr. King.
Ho. op Reps.
dent that he who now exercises the great pre-
rogatives of appointment and removal would
not at this time by the abuse of this power
eneloud the most brilliant and successful rec-
ord of the age!
Tax on Tobacco.
SPEECH OF HON. ANDREW KING,
OE MISSOURI,
In the Hoxtse of Representatives,
March 2, 1872,
On tlie tax levied upon the manufacture of to-
bacco.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, the object of tax-
ing the manufacturers of tobacco has attracted
a large share of public attention, as well as the
legislation of Congress, since the internal rev-
enue laws were enacted. The legislation of
Congress on the subject has not been satisfac-
tory to the people, and therefore agitation is
kept up and the subject is still before Congress.
Numerous petiiions, largely signed, irom man-
ufactuiers of tobacco in the West, and- South
have been sent up to this body during the
present session, praying for a change of the
revenue laws in regard to the tobacco tax.
The Committee of Ways and Means have had
the subject before them for weeks, and have
recently made their report to the House, which
will come up for consideration and action in
a short time. Some features of the existing |
law are proposed to be changed bj- said report.
But the great change a^ked for by said peti-
tioners, namely, unilorrmty of taxation, is not
recommended by said report.
I have the honor to represent, sir, one of
the best tobacco-growing districts in the Uni-
ted States, and therefore I propose to submit,
briefly, some remarks to the House and the
country upon the subject of this tobacco tax.
And now let us inquire what are the causes
of dissatisfaction that keep up this agitation
among the manufacturers of this great staple ?
ILLICIT AND FRAUDULENT OPERATIONS.
One of the grounds of dissatisfaction is found
in the fact that the laws are not so framed as
to guard against and prevent illicit and fraud-
ulent evasions of the law by dishonest manu-
facturers. And here I will present an extract
from one of the petitions that has been placed
upon our desks bearing on this point ;
"Among the honest tobacco trade there seems to
be several causes that keep up the agitation, but the
one, and that the main one, is the still illicit opera-
tions going on under the present system in all ot
the several branches, witli the exception ot one
grade, and that is the smoking (trade, where every
package is only allowed to be sold to the consumer
in a stamped condition. In the line-cut chewing
considerable illicit operatious are going on, owing
to the dealer (retailer) being allowed to sell out ot a
broken package to the consumer, like that ot the
plug tobacco. In the plug branch there is a good
deal more fraud committed than m that ot the nne-
cut chewing at this time.(the reason why will be set
forth hereatter;) but in the plug branch itself there
is at this time more Illicit work going on than would
reasonably be supposed to be the ease. the reason
why there is less lraud committed in the tine-cut
chewing branch than in that of the plug-chewing
branch, is owing to the following reasons: in the
first place, to go into the line-cut. chewing branch
requires a certain amount of machinery to start on;
for inst-mcc, that of a boiler, engine, and a costly
cutter. Then, again, all fraudulent operations hav-
ing censed m the fine-cut smoking branch, with the
exception of the grading portion thereof, has taken
awns the mam lover and curtailed the illicit oper-
ations in the cutting line pretty much to that of
the* fmc-cnt chewing tobacco and that called fine-cut
Sb"Thus the chances to swindle having, been nar-
rowed down so close in that of the cutting .line, as
stated, causes less fraudulent operations m that
branch; in addition add the discrimination made
between that of the tine-cut smoking and against
that of the plug, all in tavor ot the fine cuttei—the
tax on the line-cut smoking being but sixteen cents
per pound, while that on.thc plug tobacco, no mat-
ter if lotten, compared with that ot the outti iff, is
thirty-two cents a pound. And what uakeo it.till
worse than all on the plug men, is the less protec-
tion given them to that of the fine-cut smoking de-
partment, which is and has proven so protective
to the Government and to the fine-cutters that it
has proven itself almost perfect. The fine-cut de-
partment having thus the advantage in all and
every instance, has proven itself to be very remun-
erative to the fine-cut trade: and no wonder that
they should make such a great effort to hold their
advantageous position as long as they possibly can.
In that of the plug branch it is quite different,
"In the first place a person can and may start with
a mere nominalcapital,sayfroin$100upward, as the
case may be: for instance, one set of tobacco molds,
say six-inch size and twelve frames to the set, may
be boughtfrom twenty-five dollars upward: one to-
bacco screw-press, say thirty dollars; in addition he
needs a kettle, table knite, sugar, licorice, a few
empty boxes, a few hundred poundsof raw leaf (say
five hundred pounds to start on") at an average price
of, say eight cents a pound, making forty dollars, and
you have a tobacco manufacturer in a small way
under full headway. Now, suppose for a moment
that a not over-scrupulous'individual ison the look-
out for business and how to make money fast; say,
per accident as it were, his attention-is called to that
of manufacturing tobacco. lie examines the tax
system and ten to one be comes to the conclusion
that he should have long since been in that business.
After thus having once concluded, no earthly power
could keep him out of the business to manufacture
tobacco, and m particular that of the plug branch.
The tobacco plug manufacturers on the ono hand
being thus exposed to all the ills are naturally seek-
ing relief and to be placed on an equal footing with
their fellow fine-cut manufacturers both in uniform
late and protection alike to all the honest trade."
UNIFORM RATES.
Another cause, Mr. Speaker, of this agita-
tion is the want of equality and uniformity in
the tax imposed upon manufacturers, discrim-
inating in favor of one class and against
another class. And on this branch of the sub-
ject there is very great dissatisfaction on the
part of the manufacturers of plug tobacco, they
being the class discriminated against. And
here t will introduce extracts from some of
the petitions before the House bearing on this
point:
" Itis a fact patent to all in any way familiar with
the trade, that the plug interest is in a very de-
pressed condition, on the point of ruin and extinc-
tion, while the cutting interest is in a most nourish-
ing state.
" We firmly believe that the cause of this state of
affairs may be found in the present discriminating
rate of tax, it being thirty-two cents per pound on
plug, and but sixteen cents per pound on cut smok-
ing, and fine-cut short*.
"It is asserted by the cutters that their product
will not bear a higher rate ot tax than sixteen cents.
We might answer that our product will not bear
more, and for proof point to our present deplorable
condition. If their assertion is true, why not put
us on an equal footing, making our tax sixteen
cents; or if that is impossible, still trpaf, us alike,
and let them carry their portion of the load? Re-
duce our tax. raise theirs, and give us a lair field for
competition, allowing us to supply that very large
class of laboring men, including^ailors, lumbermen,
farmers, and railroad men with a common plug
tobacco, which was formerly used indifferently for
chewing or smoking purposes, being preferred, on
account of its compact, solid form, to the cut, but
which they are now denied the privilege of using,
unless they choose to pay an additional tax of six-
teen cents per pound for the favor.
41 Why should the chewer be taxed higher than the
smoker of tobacco ? Why should the same quality
of leaf tobacco, when cut or granulated for smoking,
be taxed sixteen cents, but when pressed into plugs
for smoking or chewing purposes, an additional rate
of ei ht or sixteen cents per pound must be levied (
All manufacturers of tobacco use low grades, more
or less, in proportion to demand, and to make one
class pay sixteen cents tax.andanother class a higher
rate, on the same material, is clearly unjust and
oppressive to the latter.
" For the Government to demand a higher rate of
taxes from one citizen than from another, on the
same quality of tobacco, simply because one prefers
his tobacco pressed into plugs, and the other prefers
it cut up or granulated, is manifestly unjust.
" Another grievance of which we complain, tho
result of the discrimination against u?. is the fact
that smoking tobacco is gradually being introduced
to the consumer as an article quite good enough tor
chewing, and it is f-trongly suspected thatsome lac-
tones are putting up an article unaer the sixteen
cent tax with a view to its u*e either for chewing or
smoking, thus making an effort to deprive us ot the
onlv branch of the trade now left to us.
""We theundersigned, tobacco manufacturers ana
leaf dealers of the State of Virginia .would most
respectfully ask of your honorable bodies that 50a
will take up and act upon this question at the ear-
liest possible moment, as our trade and that 01 an
other plug manufacturers in the entire country is
completely paralyzed by the uncertainty as to what
the rate will be fixed at. Not only is this a great
hardship upon us, but it is more so upon the thou-
sands of operatives who are thrown out of employ-
ment; many of whom in our State are really in a
suffering condition, are unfitted for any other occu-
pation, and have no means of subsistence but their
daily labor, and only in this particular line of busi-
ness, and mustnecessarily remain unemployed until
this question is settled.
"We would further beg leave to say that we be-
lieve a uniform tax to be absolutely necessary to
prevent the gradual and finally utter ruiu of the
plug manufacturers of the country. That our busi-
ness is not prosperous, and is gradually declining,
there can be no doubt, and that its upprosperous
condition is owing more than to astythi'ng else to a
graded instead ot a uniform tax, is a matter that
will admit of as little doubt, a graded tax being
nothing more or less than a discrimination against
the plug manufacturers of the country, whose pro-
duct pays more than two thirds of all the revenue
raised from tobacco, exclusive of cigars.
"The Commissioner of Internal Revenue,.being
familiar with the wants of our trade and the best
interests of the Government, recommends in his
hist annual report a uniform rate of taxation on
all descriptions of tobacco entering the market for
consumption, and fully recognizes the fact that a
graded tax opens the door to informality, fraud,
and injustice."
THE IMPORTANCE OF STAMPS.
Another defect in the law ip, that it does not
provide for, nor require stamps to be placed
upon plug tobacco, whereas if the law required
plug tobacco to be stamped, (each plug.) it
would secure the collection of the ta^ and
prevent the evasion of the law; and hearing on
this point I make following extracts from west-
ern petitions:
"We, the undersigned, tobacco manufacturers of
the city of St. Louis, State of Missouri, most respect-
fully represent to your honorable committee that
from a long experience as tobacco manufacturers,
under the operations of the revenue law, we have
become fully convinced that the true and correct
method of compelling payments of the tax on plug
tobacco will be to affix a stamp to each plug. #
Adopt this system, and it will be morally impos-
sible for any evasion of the tax to occur, as every
commissioner, manufacturer, retailer, or consumer
can easily see whether each plug has been properly
stamped or not, as every plug offered for sale will
teil its own story.
" In illustration of this proposition, your petition-
ers would refer to the fact that ever since the adop-
tion of the plan of stamping each package of smok-
ing tobacco, evasions of the tax law and all swindling
in this branch of tobacco manufacturing have^ en-
tirely ceased, except in reference to the grading;
and had the grading been made uniform, either at
sixteen, twenty-fuur, or thirty-two cents per pound,
no swindling would have been possible, except ill
the use of counterfeit stamps. As the law now
stands, a sixteen, cent stamp is provided where a
certain portion of stem is ground in with the leaf,
and a thirty-two cent stamp where no stems are so
ground. Experts have decided that oecular demon-
stration will not show whether any stems have been
ground in or not; this can only be_ determined by
smoking the sample. Therefore, it is easy for man-
ufacturers to affix a sixteen cent stamp on a package
which should bear a thirty-two cent stamp, and, m
the opinion of your petitioners, this is often done,
as it is almost next to impossible to determine how
much of the stem remains, or hovy much has been
taken out of the manufactured^article.
"But, to return to the consideration of the tax
on plug. Your petitioners hope to be able to show
to your honorable committee^ that under the pres-
ent application of the law it is almost impossible to
protect the interests of the Government and the in-
terests of thehonestmanufacturer. no matter how
zealously tne officer may try to do his duty, for the
law invites, and in a measure protects, its own in-
fraction ; and therefore the revenue officers make
but feeble headway against the sharp practices 01
dishonest manufacturers, which bear equally hard
upon honest manufacturers as upon the Govern-
ment. ^ ,. .. « ,
" In inquiring into the causes of this evil, we nnd
that, the stamp upon the original .Package, as put up
by the manufacturer at Jho tirn&it was made, is tho
only evidence that the tax has been paid upon any
specified lot of plug tobacco, and the package once
opened no evidence can be produced to show whether
the Mx upon the plugs sold out ofthat package was
ever paid or not. It may be the tobacco originally
contained in the stamped package, 01 it may be to-
bacco put in from time to time, upon which no tax
ever has been paid,- even the empty packages may
be used over again without restampmg. Abat
such practices are more or less frequent throughout
the country, is too well known to be denied, , A wise
and judicious Government will hardly continue m
force a law which tends to corrupt its own citizens,
especially-when by proper amendments the interes
of the law can be secured much better, and all temp -
tation to wrong-doing at the same time removed.
