1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL < GLOBE.
10W
any language of which he will disapprove. I
do not intend to use any billingsgate; I would
not if I could. I intend to put myself right,
if I can, and do not propose to reflect upon
•anybody beyond what is absolutely necessary
for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the rules
of the House, as I understand, forbid any
reference in debate to a member of the other
House.
Mr. BECK. On matters of business merely.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will state the nature of the matter upon
which he wishes to speak, it is very likely there
will be no objection.
Mr. BECK. The nature of it is a personal
explanation, made necessary in consequence
of statements that have been made whicli are
calculated to impair my usefulness as a mem-
ber, and to make me a subject of ridicule and
reproach before the country—statements made
with reference to action taken in this House.
Mr. BANKS. Where were those state-
ments made?
Mr. DAWES. I trust the House will per-
mit the gentleman from Kentucky to proceed.
He understands the rules of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
the gentleman will be allowed to make his
personal explanation.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky understands the rules of the House, and
I think can be trusted to make a personal
•explanation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Kentucky to make a
personal explanation, subject to the rules of
the House?
Mr. STEVENSON. I want a definite an-
swer to my question.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Kentucky
has stated that he desires to make a personal
explanation. The moment he transcends the
rules he can be stopped.
Mi-. STEVENSON. I do not understand
the gentleman from Kentucky as promising
not to violate the rules. I ask that the rule
on this subject be read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man from Kentucky can be called to order
whenever he violates any rule.
Mr. DAWES. When a gentleman, under
his responsibility as a member and subject
to the rules of the House, asks to make a
personal explanation, I do think the privilege
ought to be accorded to him by his fellow-
inembers so long as he keeps within the rules.
When he violates the rules any member of the
House can call him to order, and ought to do
so ; but we ought to trust enough to his sense
of honor and responsibility to allow him the
privilege of proceeding.
Mr. \V. R. ROBERTS. The gentleman, as
T understand, wants to reply to an attack made
upon him as a member of this House, and I
trust no gentleman will refuse him that priv-
ilege, which has always been accorded to a
member under such circumstances.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] says the gentleman from
Kentucky has not promised not to violate the
rules. Sir, I would not be willing under such
circumstances to make a promise beforehand.
If the House could not trust me without a
promise, I'would not accept the privilege of
making a personal explanation.
Mr. McHENRY. No gentleman has the
right to assume that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will violate his privilege in making this
explanation.
Mr. BECK. I hope the Chair will call me
to order the moment I violate any rule of the
House. I want to put myself right as a mem-
ber of the House ; that is all. I am not going
to descend to personal attacks on anybody.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again
submit the question. Is  there objection to
the gentleman from Kentucky having the right
to make a personal explanation ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the reading
of the rule.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indi-
cate the rule to which he refers?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not recollect the
number of the rule. It is the rule forbidding
reference in debate to members of the other
House.
Mr. COX. It is on page 84 of the Digest.
It does not apply to this case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is familiar
with the rule. It will be read, as requested by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevensok.]
' The Clerk read as follows:
"It is a breach of order in debate to notice what
has been said on the same subject in the oth«r House,
or the particular votes or majorities on it there; be-
cause the opinion of each House should bo left to its
own independency, not to be influenced by the pro-
ceedings of the other; and the quoting them might
beget reflections leading to a misunderstanding be-
tween the two Houses."—Manual, page 81.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think there is another
rule which forbids reference to a member of
the other House.
Mr. COX. Why anticipate that now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot refer
to any other rule regulating the intercourse
between the two bodies.
Mr. BANKS. That is the only rule..
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio will indicate any other rule pertinent to
the subject, the Chair will have it read.
Mr. BANKS. I would be glad to say a
word on this question. The rule read refers
to ordinary legislation, but if there should beau
occasion in this House or in any house else-
where, when reflections are made on a member
of this House, I think it is perfectly proper for
us to give him an opportunity to explain his
position in regard to that affair, provided he
does not get so far as to make a breach of the
good feeling between the two Houses. I hope
no objection will be made to the gentleman
from Kentucky making a personal explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Kentucky having the oppor-
tunity to make a personal explanation. [After
a pause.] The Chair hears no objection, and
the gentleman from Kentucky is allowed the
opportunity of making a persoual explanation.
In advance of the gentleman from Kentucky
speaking, the Chair begs leave to submit a re-
mark personal to himself. There are certain
violations of the rules of the House which the
Chair himself is not in the habit of checking
otherwise than upon the point of order being
made upon the floor, but violations of this rule
it is the habit of the Chair to correct instantly.
And there seems to have been a misapprehen-
sion in some minds that on a previous occa-
sion when the gentleman from Kentucky made
his remarks of which the Chair presumes the
remarks of this morning will be in continua-
tion, the Chair did not call him to order.
On the occasion of the remarks being made
by the gentleman from Kentucky the follow-
ng proceedings took place, which the Chair
will direct the Clerk to read in vindication of
the House from reflections made upon it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Speaker. The gentleman is out of order in
that remark.
"Mr. Garfield, of Ohio. I call the gentleman to
order.
" The Speaker. The Chair ha.s already called the
gentleman to order. His remark is clearly out of
order.
"Mr. Beck. Is it not in order to say that these
men are seeking a refuge in the Senate ?
" The Speaker. The gentleman in that remark
reflected upon the coordinate body, and he knows
well enough that that is not in order.
"Mr. Beck:. I will be permitted to say that the
men who have thus obtained control of the southern
States have plundered them till they are on the
verge of bankruptcy."
The SPEAKER. The Chair _ has never
during his occupancy of the position he now
holds allowed a remark reflecting on the Sen-
ate of the United States, or auy member of it,
to be made without instantly calling the gen-
tleman making it to order.
sharpshooters' festival.
Mr. HAY. I hope the gentleman will
suspend for a moment until I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House. The gentleman
from New York withdraws his objection to
my proposition of this morning, and I hope
that it will be again put to the House.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Did the gentleman
refer to me as making objection ?
Mr. HAY. No, but to the gentleman's col-
league.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois this morning proposed that a commit-
tee of five be appointed on the part of the
House to attend the sharpshooters' festival.
Is there objection ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
objection, if I am supposed to have objected,
for I find there is precedent-for what has been
proposed by the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. If there be no further
objection, the order will be made.
There was no objection, and the order was
accordingly made.
personal explanation.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the House
for the courtesy they have shown me fallow-
ing me to make a personal explanation.
Several Members called for order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will suspend till members resume their
seats.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, as I have already
said, I thank the House for the courtesy they
have shown me in allowing me to make a per-
sonal explanation. This is the first time I
have ever asked such a privilege, although I
am serving my third term, and I had hoped I
would never be compelled to ask of this House
opportunity to make an explanation personal
to myself. And I assure the House now, as I
said before the consent of the House was given
to my making this statement, that I do not
intend to use any billingsgate or slander, nor
to degrade this House by any allusions which
members of it will not say are eminently proper
under the circumstances. It is more import-
ant for me that I shall be right, and that the
House shall say that I was rignt in the remarks
for which I have been arraigned by a gentle-
man elsewhere, than «ny mere personal matter
can possibly be. My standing and usefulness
in this House depend upon it.
In the speech which I made in this House,
I said that Governor Bkowxlow, of Tennessee,
had, while in office, made a Pandemonium of
that State. I had been on the committee to
investigate the condition of the southern States.
I had been specially charged to make a report
upon the condition of the finances and the
election and registration laws of the various
States. And when I came to look over the
condition of things in Tennessee, for four
years following the close of the war, I saw such
a condition of things there as existed nowhere
else upon the American continent. It was
because I did find that state of things so exist-
ing that I made the remark I did. If those
facts did not exist, then I was guilty of slan-
der. If they did exist, and if I told the truth
to the House, that Tennessee had been by
misrule a Pandemonium for four years after
the war closed, then I was not guilty of any
slander. I stand either as a willful and mali-
cious libeler, or I stand confirmed by the facts
as they may be shown.
Therefore, before I say a word as to the per-
sonal attack upon myself, I want to prove to
this House that I was right in saying that Ten-
nessee had been a Pandemonium for four
years, for on that fact all else hinges.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKJ2R. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] rises to a question of order.
He will state it.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is whether, upon a
persona! explanation, the gentleman has a
