1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
The Senate, following two decisive votes in
the House, has by a great majority, I think
nearly three to one, expressed its deliberate
judgment in favor of exempting tea and coffee
altogether. As a practical business matter in
the dispatch ot the subjects before us, I accept,
and I think every other Senator who voted as
I did against free tea and coffee ought to accept
as final a judgment so pronounced. If it is
final, and I say to the Senator from Indiana it
cannot be that he seriously supposes that a
vote of three to one, with all the facts before
us, would ever be reversed by any argument
or contingency which can arise in the course
of this discussion ; if it is to be treated as final,
then there are many reasons why the bill as it
came from the House should be completed,
and I have heard of not one reason to the
contrary.
The Senator from Indiana argues that in
addition to the exemption of tea and coffee
we can dismiss other duties. I agree with
him, and I shall be surprised if I find myself
among those intimidated or terrified by esti-
mates and by fears of deficiencies hereafter.
I do not believe a word of it. I believe with
the Senator from Indiana that the growth of
business in the country is going to compensate
in a far greater degree than we see allowed in
these estimates that are made.
And I say here, as I do not intend to detain
the Senate again, and now but a moment, that
I shall vole for reductions in addition to tea
and coffee, and then I shall vote for dismissing
every internal tax except the tax on malt and
spirituous liquors, the tax on tobacco, and as
to stamps I reserve my judgment; but if I in-
clude stamps, then I have enumerated every-
thing which will remain taxed by any vote of
mine. In that way I will vote to consolidate
districts and disband the remnant of that army
of tax-gatherers and internal revenue officers
of which we have heard so much.
Nevertheless, Mr. President, I shall vote
against this amendment with the distinct un-
derstanding that it is to be taken up in the
other bill, and every Senator, by a vote or
otherwise, enabled to express his opinion in
regard to it; and that, I submit to all Senators,
involves no inconsistency. We do not choose
to consider it here for an obvious reason, be-
cause we want the tea and coffee bill to be
finished; we want to make an end of that.
Frotanio this subject lias been disposed of;
and, as the Senator from Pennsylvania has
•well explained to us, it is wholly unnecessary
to insnarl that subject, which has been com-
pleted by itself, with the residue of the tariff
question. So I shall vote against this amend-
ment in order to preserve so much of this
legislation separate and intact. Then I shall
vote with the Senator from Indiana and the
Senator from Ohio, who has indicated his pur-
pose to take up the other bill, to consider
everything involved in this. amendment, to
vote for the whole of this reduction if we can,
and if not, for so much of it as we can favor.
In that I see no reason why the Senator from
Indiana should insist upon his amendment
now, and certainly none why I or any other
Senator who agrees with him in wanting to
make these reductions should refuse to ac-
cede to the request of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania. Therefore I shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana; but I say again that that vote will
not commit me at all against that amendment
when it comes up at a convenient season for
consideration.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 22, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Cooper, Davis of West
Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,Hamilton of Texas,
Humlm, Hill, Kellogg, Logan, Marion, Pratt, Rob-
ertson, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, West, Windom, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole. Conkling,
Corbett,Cragin, Fenton.Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Patterson, Po'meroy, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart,
andWilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Casserly, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Howe, Johnston, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborir, Pool, Kamsey, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and
Vickers—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I offerthe following amend-
ment to come in as an additional section:
That all acts and parts of acts requiring stamps
and imposing taxes thereon, except in regard to
spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco, snuff, and cigars,
and all acts and parts of acts imposing taxes upon
gas, are hereby repealed, to take effect from and
after October 1,1872.
Mr. SCOTT. While I shall probably vote
for that in a separate form, I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Indiana and of
the Senate to the fact that if any proposition
will-raise constitutional objection in the House
it will be that one. The bill before us proposes
to repeal customs duties, and here is an amend-
ment to repeal internal taxes. I trust it will
meet the same fate as the other amendments,
and that we shall pass the bill as it stands.
Mr. MORTON. The House sent us a bill
to repeal a tax on imports, and we propose to
amend that by repealing an internal tax. Is
it not germane entirely? The fact that one
is a tax on imports, and the other an inter-
nal tax, certainly can make no constitutional
objection.
Mr. SCOTT. I agree with the Senator that
this is so in principle, but the House will not
agree with us. They stand upon that ground.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana, abolishing certain internal taxes specified
in his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend that amendment by inserting the free
list which has just been rejected in the motion
just voted upon as a substitute for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to amend the amendment by
striking out all after the word "that," and in-
serting the free list to be found on the seventh
page, and so on to the end of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance
to House bill No. 173.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say a single word in relation to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Indiana. I think
there is a general unanimity of sentiment in
the Senate on the question of the repeal of
the internal taxes; but manifestly, as prudent
legislators^we ought to see what the effect of
our work will finally be. It is clear that the
Senate are disposed, by an overwhelming
majority, to make tea and coffee free, and
possibly some other articles; and it will be
necessary to have something more than a
single Senator may be able to get up to make
the proper and complete legislation for this
session. I think the subject of internal rev-
enue taxes has to be adjusted in proportion
to what we do in relation to the tariff. Now,
I appeal to the Senate whether it will not be
better to adopt the proposition which I make
of the free list, which takes out of the number
of taxable articles something like three hun-
dred, and yet reduces the tariff in avery incon-
siderable manner, and leave the other prop-
osition to be more carefully matured?
Mr. BOREMAN. I expect to vote for the
repeal ot these taxes, yet it is my desire, as it
is the desire of those who have been support-
ing the original bill to repeal the duty on tea
and coffee, that that bill be put through pure
and simple. We understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance that the
committee will report a bill on the subject of
internal taxation, and that bill will probably
repeal the taxes that are enumerated in this
amendment. I propose to wait for that, and
to take the bill in regard to the repeal of the
duty on tea and coffee just as it came from
the other House, in order that we may get rid
of that, and settle these other questions sub-
sequently.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word.
Reference is made to the strength of the vote
here in favor of repealing the duties upon tea
and coffee. I voted to repeal those duties
entirely, believing we could do that, and at the
same time make the other reductions contem-
plated in the amendment brought forward by
the Committee on Finance. I would not have
voted in that way if I had understood that
that was to be made an excuse for refusing to
make any other reductions in the tariff.
Mr. WINDOM. If the Senator will allow
me at that point, I desire to say that I voted
for the repeal of the duty on tea and coffee for
precisely the same reason. I desire now to
vote the other way if I can obtain an oppor-
tunity to so vote, if we are not to be permitted
to reduce the tariff on any other article.
Mr. MORTON. One word further and I
am done. The question of tea and coffee is
taken separately and independent of all other
articles. When that has passed and become
a law, we can have no doubt the total repeal
of the duty on tea and coffee is to be used as
an argument on this floor for refusing to make
any other reductions. I am sorry that the
thing has taken that shape. They ought all
to be considered together. It is a matter of
justice to Senators who voted as they did on
last Friday, and I am one of them, and there
are several other Senators here in the same
situation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a few
words, but principally to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Vermont. If the free list
of the bill of the Committee on Finance is to
be added to this bill, he should include in his
amendment the filth section of the commit-
tee's bill in regard to bonded goods so as to
allow goods put on the free list,which may be in
bond on the 1st of July next, to come in free.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accept the
suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, from the'
seventh page to the close, is iucluded in this
amendment. That will cover the fifth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe there is not a
single item on this free list to which any Sena-
tor will object. So far as I know, every item
about which there is any controversy, with,
perhaps, a single exception, was stricken out.
This free list embraces two or three hundred
articles, mostly of raw materials which can-
not be produced in this country, which enter
more or less into our manufactures, and which
also enter into the common consumption of
the people, such as medicines and a great
variety of articles. My impression is that in
any tariff bill we pass this free list ought to be
included.
Mr. CONKLING. How much does it re-
duce the revenue?
Mr. SHERMAN. About three million dol-
lars altogether, the heaviest items being
mostly articles of medicine, paint, and dye"
stuffs. There can be no possible objection in
the House of Representatives to this free list
because it conforms very nearly, with some
slight difference perhaps, to the free list pro-
posed already in that House; so that if any
bill is passed, as there is no doubt of the pas-
sage of the tea and coffee bill now, from the
™'es taken, this free list might as well be
added. It can create no objection in the other
House, I think. I shall therefore vote for this
addition of the free list.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me suggest to the
senator that if this is adopted now as an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
h'?ra Indiana, then, if that amendment fails,
tfill 8 t&ils too*
