14380
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
right to proceed into a general discussion of
the condition of the State of Tennessee?
The SPEAKER. It has been repeatedly-
ruled in the House that when the House
gives the riglft to a gentleman to make a per-
sonal explanation, if it does not limit him as
to time, he is entitled to one hour, and in
occupying that hour his line of remark is
within his own discretion, subject, of course,
to the rules of the House.
Mr. BECK. I desire to make the statement
because that is the great point in this matter.
I deny the right of any man to claim or ask for
the privilege of this floor to malign or slander
any man outside of it, because he has a right to
speak here; and whatever I have said upon
the floor of the House I have said upon my
responsibility as a man and as a Represent-
ative. The truth or falsehood of the statement
I made must acquitor condemn me. If, being
attacked, I am not prepared to prove that my
statement was true, I stand confessed as a will-
ful and malicious slanderer, and deserve to be
denounced.
I said that Tennessee had been in that deplor-
able condition, and I say so now. I turn to the
history of that State, and I will refer to and
ask leave to print a carefully prepared article
giving Jts political status from the time of the
inauguration of its government up to 1868,
wherein it is shown that the men who took
control of its Legislature in the spring of 1865
passed a series of acts unparalleled in Amer-
ican history. Constituting themselves and Gov-
ernor Bkowni.ow masters of the situation,
although as a body they did not represent one
tenth of the people, and were neither elected
nor appointed under any of the forms of law,
they passed the old sedition law almost in the
very words of the act of 1798, making it a
highly penal offense to speak disrespectfully
of the powers then controlling the government.
Emerson Etheridge was tried before a military
commission because lie had dared to do so.
Outlawry of the person, outlawry of speech,
of the press, outlawry of the franchise, out-
lawry of everying that did not bow to the orders
and succumb to the mandates of the men then
iu power was the order of the day.
The first thing, as I have said, was the sedi-
tion law, which I hold in my hand, and will
have incorporated with my remarks in the
Globe, in order to prove the facts. That sedi-
tion law, passed on the 3d day of June, 1865,
provided that whoever should be guilty of
uttering seditious words or speeches, spread-
ing false news, writing or dispersing mali-
cious libels against the State or Government,
&c., shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
if convicted, shall be forever held unworthy
of holding any office of profit or trust.
Then followed in a few days the law limit-
ing the franchise. I wish gentlemen to know
that I am now referring to official documents,
among others to the statutes of Tennessee and
the records in the case of Thomas vs. Arnell,
(Miscellaneous Documents Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, No. 72,) and to the case of Sheaffe vs.
Tillman, (Miscellaneous Documents, No. 53,
second session of Forty-First Congress,) to sus-
tain all I say.
After the sedition law was passed the act
limiting the franchise followed, wherein every
man who had been in any shape or form con-
nected with the rebellion, or rather all they
said had been, was disfranchised by this self-
constituted Governor and Legislature. Section
three of the act provides that "all other per-
sons except those mentioned in section one
of this act are hereby and henceforth excluded
and denied the exercise of the privileges of the
elective franchise under this act for the term
of five years from and after its passage." The
first section having limited the right to a very
limited number, and the second having made
a sweeping exclusion of participants in the
rebellion, the third was a general drag-net.
That act disfranchised seventy thousand men.
The county court clerks were appointed regis-
trars, and they registered men who were op-
posed to the then ruling dynasty, which soon
became extremely odious. The result was
that, when they saw that power was departing
from them, the Legislature, by an act passed
May 3, 1866, set aside the whole registration
that had been made, and put the power of
appointing registrars into the hands of the Gov-
ernor.
This law annulled and declared void all the'
certificates issued under the first law, and thus
disfranchised every man in the State, notwith-
standing they had acquired a right under the
law of the Legislature to vote—a right that is
regarded in England as sacred as the right to
property. Under this law the Governor ap-
pointed the commissioners of registration, and
experience has shown that he selected for this
position men who generally had more regard
for making Radical voters than to fairly exe-
cute the law. It soon became evident, how-
ever, that even under this law, administered
as it was in the interest of the Radical party
and not of the people, the Radicals could not
retain the power they had so outrageously
abused, and a new and more stringent and
sweeping disfranchisement became a party
necessity. This resulted in the passage of
the franchise law of February 25, 1867, which
again disfranchised every man in the State,
and under which large numbers of gien who
had certificates could not be again registered.
But Radicalism did not stop her?. Fearing
that even under this law they could not get
a majority of the white voters of the State
to sanction their outrageous usurpations,
the Radicals enfranchised the negroes; and
lest this should not serve the purposes of the
Brownlow dynasty, they passed a law author-
izing the Governor to set aside the registra-
tion of any county, and then appoint a more
pliant tool to do the dirty work marked out
for him.
It was so apparent that the first laws would
not accomplish the purposes intended that the
Governor, of his own motion, disfranchised
twenty-eight of the great counties of Tennes-
see by one sweeping edict because they had
voted for men hostile to him and the crea-
tures he wanted to keep in power.
In his message to the Legislature, dated
November 23, I860, the Governor said :
"Believing that an applicant for registration must
either be known to have been a man of publicly-
known Union sentiments at all times, or must pro-
duce proof under oath that he eomes within tho
provisions of the law, X have, in the application of
this construction, 'thrown out and not taken into
account' the votes cast in the following counties
as illegally registered, namely: Hawkins, McMinn,
Monroe, Meigs, Grundy,Van Burcn,White, Putnam,
Jackson, Macon, Coffee, Franklin, Marshall, Ben-
ton, Williamson, Davidson, Sumner, Robertson,
Cheatham, Maury, Humphreys, Montgomery, Stew-
art, Lawrence, Gibson, Weakley, Madison, and
Lauderdale.
"The entire vote of the State is 61,783; omitting
the vote illegally registered, it is reduced to 39,509.
But I must repeat that there can be no doubt but a
large portion of tho voters in the counties I have
been constrained to reject were justly entitled to
certificates if the law had been complied with. I
sincerely regret that loyal men should be deprived
of their votes by the fault or mistake of others. The
remedy lies in a new registration, which I hope will
be at once ordered, for having acted in this matter
with deliberation and from a sense of right, I shall
be compelled hereafter to disregard elections held
in the counties indicated in this report as illegally
registered."
This would not save them, and the other
laws I have referred to were passed, whereby,
when registrars thus appointed by the Gov-
ernor saw fit to register a man, under all the
limitations and restrictions imposed upon them,
still, power was given by the Legislature to the
Governor to set aside even that registration
and to appoint other registrars in their places.
I will refer particularly to only one of the
largest counties in the State, the county of
Henry. The registration was set aside in that
county, which contained three thousand legal
voters, only a few days before the election and
a new registrar was appointed, who only regis-
tered nineteen men, and the county of Henry
could oaly cast that vote! During the time
all this was going on, when all these arbitrary
powers were given to the Governor, he him-
self was a candidate for election; and in 18G7,
when the Legislature was elected that sent him
to the Senate, and at which he was elected
Governor, the State was disfranchised down
to the very lowest possible point. Hardly any
man was allowed to vote unless he was known
to be in favor of the Legislature and of the
Governor, and opposed to everything that they
did not order.
Sir, these laws of the State of Tennessee are
all to be found in your " annual cyclopasdias,"
which you all have in your libraries, if you
will turn to them. They will all be found among
the laws of Tennessee of 1865, 1866, and 1867,
and you will find there that while that Gov-
ernor at first bitterly opposed the right of the
negroes to vote, while he denounced them as
unfit to exercise the right of suffrage, while he
spoke of making arrangements for sending
them away from the State and forcing them
to settle elsewhere, yet when he found that
with all his registrations, with all his removals
and reappointments, and all his disfranchise-
ments of counties, it was impossible for the
Legislature aDd himself still further to retain
power, he appealed to the Legislature in the
fall of 1866, or the spring of 1867, when the
House had rejected universal amnesty and
universal suffrage, to come to the rescue and
put the ballot into the hands of the negro,
which they of course did. The Governor said:
"I must therefore bo permitted to express tho
hope that this General Assembly will not cease its
present session without the passage of the bill
granting suffrage to all loyal males properly quali-
fied by age and citizenship. 'Onward'is the watch-
word which shields and inspires two continents 1
Now is tho time for Tennessee to show to the world
that she belongs to the advance guard on the great
question of equal suffrage. With the loyal men of
the State allowed to vote, the government thereof
will remain in loyal hands. Without their votes the
State will pass into disloyal hands, and a reign of
terror, not so easily described as realised, will
result."
Mr. GARFIELD, of .Ohio. I rise to a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to ask a
parliamentary question, which may be a point
of order or not, as the Chair shall rule. 1 un-
derstand the spirit of the rule that authorizes
a personal explanation is that a member shall
have the right to explain that which is personal
to himself, purely personal. Now, it seems to
me that if under the cover of personal explan-
ation a man may make a general' speech on
the tariff, or on general politics, or on the
currency, or on any topic of general discus-
sion in the House of Representatives, then
the original purpose and meaning of personal
explanations fail altogether. I understood
that the gentleman desired to explain some-
thing purely personal to himself.
Mr. BECK. I do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have listened
to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
with great attention, and with the exceptiou
of the first two or three remarks that he made
there has not been one word uttered by him
that seems to me to be any more personal to
him than it is to me or to any other member
of this House. I therefore raise the point for
the Speaker to determine, that we may know
what we mean when we grant to a member tho
privilege of making a personal explanation.
Mr. BECK. The offense which I have been
charged with committing as a member of this
House is that of falsely charging, in a previous
speech, a Senator from Tennessee with certain
acts. Now, I want to show that I told the
truth and did not lie at the time I made my
former statement.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the Speaker
will allow me, I will say that I was urgent that
the gentleman should be heard, because I
understood that something had been said
somewhere reflecting personally upon the
gentleman from Kentucky.
