1<82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. ob Reps.
Public Building at Syracuse, New York—Mr. Dwell.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
"Your petitioners would further respectfully repre-
sent to your honorable committee that they are of the
opinion that in addition to affixing a stamp on each
plug of tobacco the outside paekagestamp should be
also retained, for the following good and sufficient
reasons: first, it will indicate the net stamped
weight of the tobacco contained in each package;
secondly, it will regulato the selling of the tobacco
according to the weight, as thfr stamps inside and
outside must correspond; thirdly, the outside and
plug stamps will each prove a check upon the
other, as their cancellation must correspond m
date, and in date of entry upon the books of the
manufacturer, who, to make either available, must
purchase and charge up both outside and inside
stamps at the same time, in order to keep his books
in order and make his cash balance.
"Your petitioners might adduce several other good
reasons why the outside package stamp should be
sontinued along with the plug stamp, did they deem
it necessary, or that they had not cited sufficient to
fully sustain their positions.
" Your petitioners would further respectfully rep-
resent that the selling of untaxed raw leaf tobacco
to consumers is a grievous injury to their business
and an improper evasion of the revenue law. In the
opinion of your petitioners the tobacco tax _ was
levied by the Government for the purpose of raising
a given amount of revenue_ out.of the_ total amount
of tobacco consumed; and if this opinion be correct,
then all raw tobacco offered for sale to consumers
should pay the same tax that a like quality of man-
ufactured tobacco is compelled to. Onefurtherrea-
son why raw leaf sold directly for consumption
should be taxed, is that in manufacturing tobacco
remunerative employment is given to thousands of
men, women, and children, who depend upon their
skill in this business for a livelihood. The prepar-
ation of raw leaf for consumption requires no capi-
tal, no skill, and comparatively no labor; and if it
is permitted to go untaxed it will compete with the
dearer manufactured and taxed article, and defeat
it to the injury of the dependent class named. _
" It is the opinion of your petitioners that if the
Government will adopt a uniform rate of taxation
on alf grades of smoking and chewing tobacco, and
provide for affixing the stamps according to the
prayer of this petition, two great and important
ends will be gained and two evils forever overcome.
The temptation to defraud the Government is now
so great, and the chances of detection so remote,
owing to the defective law we have mentioned, that
many manufacturers and others heretofore honest
are led into evil practices through a hope of the
great gain held out, and gradually become perma-
nently corrupt. Amend the law as we suggest and
this evil will be wiped out, and the Government will
collect ever-y dollar of revenue it is entitled to upon
tobacco. Believing that it is the design of the Gov-
ernment neither to impede the workings of its own
laws, nor to maintain laws which through their im-
perfections tend to corrupt the weak-minded, while
they at the same time entail loss upon honest man-
ufacturers, we, your petitioners, tobacco manufac-
turers of St. Louis, State of Missouri, confidently
submit this our earnest prayer, that the amendments
to the revenue law herein suggestedwill be cordially
recommended by your honorable committee or some
other law adopted which will fully overcome the
evils we complain of."
A word in conclusion. From all the inform-
ation that I have acquired on this subject, I am
satisfied that it is of the first importance to all
tobacco manufacturers, but especially to those
engaged in the manufacture of plug tobacco,
that the legislation stated and asked for in the
above argument should be enacted at once.
The capital and interests involved in this great
staple demand uniformity of taxation upon a
reasonable and just basis, sufficient guards to
prevent evasions and frauds upon the law, and
in short, the whole subject placed upon such
just and equitable grounds as will quiet this
long protracted agitation and satisfy the peo-
ple. The people will not be satisfied with any-
thing short of uniformity of taxation in this
raattsr, and that, too, at a rate below twenty-
four cents. The agitation will go on unless this
is granted ; business will be crippled, and the
revenues arising from this tax will be reduced.
I have a statement irom an experienced
manufacturer in my district to the effect that
the returns from the fourth tobacco district of
Missouri would have been thirty-three per cent,
greaterfor the three months prior to February
last than they were, had it not been for the
suspeusion of trade consequent upon the agi-
tation arising from what is regarded as an
unjust and oppressive law. It is believed that
this tax can and ought to be adjusted so as to
produce to the Governmentfully as much rev-
enue as is now received from it, and yet be
uniform and just to this great interest and the
large laboring class that is dependent upon it
for their daily bread. I hope this subject will
be taken up and acted upon by the House
without delay, so that the spring business of
the tobacco men may be commenced at the
proper time and upon a just and equitable law.
Public Building at Syracuse, New York.
SPEECH OF HON. R. H. DUELL,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
March 2,1872,
On the bill (II. R. No. 1089) to authorize the erec-
tion of a Government building at the city of Syra-
cuse, Now York, and appropriating $250,000 for
that purpose:
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Speaker, I embrace this
opportunity to submit some remarks to the
House on the bill to provide for a public build-
ing at the city of Syracuse, New York. The
provisions of the bill are few and simple. It
provides that when the corporate authorities
of that city shall cede to the United States a
suitable site within the business limits of the
eity free of expense, then, and in that case,
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed upon the
site so conveyed a building for the accom-
modation of the post office, internal revenue
Comparative statement of population.
offices, and United States courts, to cost not
more than $250,000,
My object in entering upon the discussion
of the proposition at this time is to call atten-
tion to the measure, and to state some facts
for the consideration of the House showing
the reasons why this bill should become a law.
Syracuse is the chief city of central New
York, and has a population of about 47,000
people, and is rapidly increasing in popula-
tion. It is largely engaged in manufacturing,
and in no place of its size in the Union are
greater business transactions carried on, or
larger amounts of money and property chang-
ing hands. With its central position in the
State, with its many railroad facilities, the
Oswego canal from the North running into the
Erie Canal from the West; with its natural
resources in its salt marshes and stone quar-
ries, its future prospects are of the most en-
couraging kind.
In 1845 Syracuse had a population of only
0,000, while in 1871, as shown by the census
taken by Mr. Andrew Boyd, the population
was 46,9-44. The village of Gedde^, lying on
the west bounds of the city, and which is really
a part of Syracuse, has a population of 5,000,
which added to the population of Syracuse
proper would give a population of 51,949. In
order to illustrate still more the rapid growth
of the place, i append a statement of the
population by wards since 1855, taken from
the census returns:
Wards.
1855.
1860.
1865.
1868.
1869.
1870.
1871.
3,597
3,468
3,870
4,158
4,354
4,653
4,891
3,437
4,010
4,681
5,475
0,242
7,134
7,723
2,260
2,269
2,473
3,193
3,354
3,631
3,790
4,167
4,292
4,880
5,903
6,277
6,764
7,030
Fifth 
2,063
2,680
3,749
5,353
5,731
6,ISO
6,455
3,256
3,817
3,514
4,031
4,084
4,248
4,378
4,165
5,136
5,027
6,474
6,799
7,290
7,604
2,162
2,411
3,010
4,423
4,609
4,896
5,078
Total 
25,107
28,119
31,784
39,010
41,450
44,796
46,94'J
In this connection I quote the words of
Andrew Boyd, esq., who has compiled direct-
ories for nearly all the large cities in the
State of New York. Mr. Boyd says:
" No city within the writer's knowledge is making
such rapid strides in improvements as Syracuse.
New houses and handsome blocks of stores are going
up on every side; the founding and building of the
Syracuse University is a settled thing; new streets
are being laid out and old ones improved, while it
may fairly be said the course of human progress
marks it way."
Dr. William Elder, a prominent writer on
political economy in our land, writes that our
population doubles every twenty-three and a
half years, Jand that is the calculation now
universally adopted. Taking the calculation
of Dr. Elder as being correct, may we not
assume that before the century expires more
than one hundred thousand people will occupy
the present area of the city of Syracuse ?
It would be impossible, Mr. Speaker, within
the limits of the hour allotted to me, to trace
in detail the development of the various inter-
ests which have contributed to build up and
sustain this rising young city. Probably the
Brie canal, opened in 1825, almost the first m
that great system of internal improvements
now so fully developed over the whole coun-
try, was one of the most important elements in
the rapid growth of the city. Yet the.Erie
canal has now become of secondary import-
ance, so largely do the railway facilities of
communication with every part of the West
interfere with its traffic. To the great manu-
facturing interests which have recently sprung
up in Syracuse its rapid growth and great, pros-
perity must, however, be imputed.
Mr. Speaker, I have referred to the railroads
of Syracuse, and I will now speak of them
more in detail There are seven entering the
city; first,, the Syracuse and Northern railroad
to Watertown, just completed and opened this
winter; second, the New York Central, ca3t, to
Utica and Albany; third, the Syracuse and
Chenango Valley, running southeast to Mau-
lius, Cazenovia, &c.; fourth, the Syracuse,
Binghamton, and New York railroad, running
south through a rich section of country and con-
necting with the Erie railway at Binghamton ;
fifth,the Auburn road,running through Auburn,
Geneva, &c.; sixth, the direct road following
the line of the Erie canal west to Rochester
and Buffalo; seventh, the Syracuse and Oswego
road, running north to the city of Oswego.
A large business is carried on at Syracuse in
the manufacture and sale of salt. The Onon-
daga salt springs arewellknown throughout the
United States, and, I might add, the whole
world. The salt woikslie in a crescentof about
six miles, in the salt marshes bordering the
southeastern end of the Onondaga lake, and
