1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vm
Mr. BECK. I will connect my remarks
with that in a few moments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire that
the gentleman shall have full opportunity to
state whatever may be merely personal to
himself. But I, for one, did not consent that
a general speech on southern polities should
be brought m here, under cover of the right
to make a personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to say, if the
gentleman from Kentucky will allow me, that
iu withdrawing my objection I did so on the
understanding that what he had to say was
personal to himself.
Mr. BECK. It is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I tliink that was the
understanding of the House, and not that it
was a personal matter involving the correct-
ness of the gentleman in some former state-
ment he may have made, and about a mat-
ter concerning which we might talk, any of us,
any day, for any length of time, to show that
we were right in some statement made on some
former occasion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the Chair
to decide the point I have raised.
Mr. BANKS. The remark of the Chair a
few minutes since is consistent with the uni-
form practice of the House, that where a mem-
ber is given leave to make a personal explana-
tion the matter of that personal explanation is
left entirely to the gentleman speaking, unless
during his remarks he may infringe some rule
of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have reduced
to writing the question which I would be glad
to have the Speaker answer.
Mr. BANKS. I object to any interrogatories
of this character. If there is any point of
order to be raised, let it be raised. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is in order
under the rules and practice of this House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let my ques-
tion be read as I have reduced it to writing.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whether the consent by the House that a member
have leave to make a personal explanation is not
given on his implied pledge on his honor that he
will use the privilege only for personal explanation
and not for general political speoeh ?
The SPEAKER. That still leaves the ques-
tion just where it originated, as to what the
gentleman himself may regard as a personal
explanation. The members of the House
will bear witness that the present occupant
of the chair has endeavored on several occa-
sions to circumscribe and confine what are
termed personal explanations somewhat more
in bounds than the usage of the House has
heretofore allowed them to be. Bnt the
Chair recalls a ruling on one distinct occa-
sion of his immediate predecessor, and he
thinks he could refer to rulings of another
predecessor, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] when he occupied the
chair, that where consent is given for a per-
sonal explanation it is within the discre-
tion of the gentleman to whom this privilege
is granted to use it as he chooses, subject
to the rules of the House. That is correct
according to the precedents of the House. In
the judgment of the Chair, the abuse is one
which ought to be corrected; and the Chair
has several times heretofore indicated his
belief in that direction ; but at the same time
he cannot in this case sustain a point of order
made against the line of remark which the
gentleman from Kentucky has been pursuing.
Mr. BECK. I hope I shall not be inter-
rupted further. If I had not been interrupted
I should have been through before now with
this branch of my remarks.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a parliamentary point.
It is that the gentleman from Kentucky is not
making a personal explanation; that he has
not connected himself personally with what he
is saying, either by reason of any accusation
against himself or in any other manner, so as
to bring his remarks within the category of a
personal explanation. He says that he pro-
poses to do that by and by. I, for one, ask that
he do it now.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hali] has misapprehended what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky has said—that he had
on his responsibility as a member made certain
allegations in relation to the government of the
State of Tennessee; that his statements have
been controverted in a manner offensive to
him, and that he is now proceeding to verify
those statements.
Mr. HALE. Then I ask that the gentle-
man state (for it seems to me clear the Hoase
has the right to have him state) where those'
former remarks have been called in question,
so that we may determine whethsr or not the
gentleman is speaking within the rules of the
House. It seems to me clear that the gen-
tleman must connect himself with these gen-
eral statements as to the condition of Ten-
nessee, otherwise he is not making a personal
explanation. Now, where have those state-
ments of his been controverted in such away
as to bring him now upon the floor of the
House to make a personal explanation?
Mr. BECK. I will answer that in the proper
time; but I will not answer it at the dictation
of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. HALE. I do not, of course, attempt
to dictate to the gentleman, but I hold, as a
parliamentary point, that the gentleman must,
if requested, state where his declarations have
been controverted, so as to bring his present
remarks within the character of a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair, neither the gentleman irom Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] nor either of the gentlemen from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield and Mr. Stevenson,]
can dictate to the gentleman from Kentucky
the line of his argument.
Mr. BECK. Now, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon of the House. I
do not seek of course to dictate to any mem-
ber ; I should be the last man to do so ; and I
do not think that was the purpose of either of
the gentlemen from Ohio. But the question is
whether or not the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky constitute a personal explana-
tion ; whether the gentleman is connecting
himself personally with what he states.
The SPEAKER. The Chairdesires to have
this matter fairly understood. Was the gen-
tleman from Maine in his seat when thegentle-
man from Kentucky asked unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation?
Mr. HALE. I was.
The SPEAKER.' Did the gentleman from
Maine hear read, at the request of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] the rule
in regard to references in debate to the other
branch of Congress ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine must know that the gentleman from
Kentucky desires to answer some reflections
on his character made outside of the House.
Mr. HALE. I have understood that he did,
but that he intended in his remarks not to
trespass upon the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair submitted,
three distinct times, the question whether
unanimous consent should be given to the
gentleman from Kentucky. It was within the
power of any member of the House to have
prevented the gentleman from proceeding.
The Chair does hope that the next point of
order raised on the gentleman from Kentucky
will be a point of order under the rules of the
House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to appeal to
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. COX. I object to the gentleman from
Ohio taking up any more time, as he has not
yet raised any question of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to appeal to
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. BANKS. So do I, unless he rises to a
point of order.
Mr. BECK. I wish to finish this point, and
I would have been through long before this if
I had not been interrupted.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then the gentleman
refuses to yield to me?
Mr. BECK. No, I do not like to do that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I waive nay objection
on his behalf.
Mr. BECK. I do not like to refuse to yield
to him. What is his appeal?
Mr. STEVENSON. The consent of the
House was given with the understanding that
his explanation was to be properly a personal
one.
Mr. BECK. It is. I can say, Mr. Speaker,
that the great point I desired to make in mak-
ing a personal explanation was that I had not
falsely charged any man when I stated a Pan-
demonium had been made in the State of
Tennessee. If I had omitted to use the more
refined word, and had said the condition of
things in Tennessee was a bell on earth, I
should hardly have gone beyond the truth.
Mr. STEVENSON. And the gentleman
might have stated, made so by demons.
Mr. BECK. I can go over the record of
the State of Tennessee and show, step by
step, how that thing was done; how men were
disfranchised; how irresponsible and plunder-
ing militia were organized and put over the
people of that State to cnforce obedience to
political mandates; how military orders were
executed; how proclamations were made;
how martial law was declared, and how all
these things were done upon the simple dicta-
tion of the Governor of Tennessee, backed and
supported by a Legislature representing a very
small minority of the people. I will not take
up the time of the House in reading them,
but I will incorporate them as a part of my
remarks. Then gentlemen will see that what
I have stated of the State of Tennessee in that
connection was strictly true; that it was the
worst-governed State upon the American con-
tinent, her people disfranchised, and disorders
prevailing because of it, a hundred thousand
of her men kept from the polls, a militia respon-
sible to no one but the Governor sweeping the
State from end to end, and candidates thrown
out whenever it suited him. I have before me
the testimony of the most loyal men of the
State, men like Mr. A. A. Steele, whose state-
ments I will not take time to read, but as they
are very brief I will take the privilege of in-
corporating them as a part of my remarks.
I will also incorporate the statements of Hon.
Edmund Cooper, himself a candidate for Con-
gress, showing that all these men were dis-
franchised, and all these things wete done, all
this disturbance created, the militia ordered
out and men kept from the polls, all simply
for the purpose (and for no other purpose)
of electing a Legislature and a Governor who
were creating all these disturbances and com-
mitting all these outrages. I will incorporate
this testimony in my remarks in the Globe, so
that there may be no mistake made about it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to give the gen-
tleman notice that I will object to printing any-
thing which has not been read on.the floor of
this House.
Mr. BECK. Then I will read them. They
are very brief, but they are o fficial papers to the
point of verifying every assertion 1 have made.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to printing
documents which have not been read;
The SPEAKER. Nothing can be incorpor-
ated in the Globe as a part of the gentleman's
remarks which has not been read unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. BECK. I suppose what I have passed
does not come under that ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rule,
objection being made, that the gentleman froin
