186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
telling why or wherefore A B or C D did
or did not wish to do it. I only speak for
myself, and speaking for myself I defend the
propriety of consultations, among people who
wish to attain a common end, as to the best
way of doing it, and I defend also the pro-
priety, so tar as it appears to myself, of not
disclosing what friends agree upon or why
they agree upon methods or refuse to agree
upon methods, until I have a right to speak of
them.
Another thing has been said which I think
is a iittle overestimated—and I am not going
10 take up much of your time, sir, in speaking
of it—-and that is about what the country thinks.
Mr. President, I do not quite feel willing yet
to put myself in the condition of a culprit or
of a prosecutor standing before the bar of the
country, as it is sometimes called, either to
condemn anybody else before the country or
to be condemned myself; but I will say that,
as the experience of a hundred years has shown,
since the introduction of newspapers particu-
larly, and of the telegraph especially, it is very
easy indeed for a small body of men to make
it appear (if you take a printed paper which
is sent around to a large number of people as
evidence) that the country is deeply moved
upon a particular subject, when, in point of
fact, the country is attending to its business,
has some little faith in its own representatives.
Even if the newspapers were to misrepresent
my honorable friend from Illinois, agood many
people in Illinois, even if they read these news-
papers, would be quite likely tosay, •' Weil, we
have elected the honorable Senator who was
alluded to, because we knew him; we knewthat
he had fidelity ; we knewthat he had integrity ;
we knew that he had intelligence; and what-
ever some one man may write in the gallery of
the Senate and send by telegiaph to a news-
paper in Illinois will not change our opinion of
bim or of the wisdom of what he does m public
affairs, until he comes home and we hear what
he has tosay about it." Therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent. I do not think that this body need be
largely alarmed because we are told over and
over again tfcat the bar of public opinion is
waiting for us, and that the majority of tbis
body, because, as I said before, it wishes to do a
good thing in the best way, is to go down into ;
obscurity or oblivion with the btaud of public ^
indignation marked upon it, rather than that '
it should do what my honorable friend from j
Illinois wishes it to do, a good thing in the I
wrong way. j
Mr. President, my friend from Illinois has i
given the narrative, as he Calls it, of this res-
olution, which really brings us down to the
meritof the proposition. He says that this res-
olution was introduced in 1866, and passed, ,
and amended, and all that. That is true. He .
has forgotten what, perhaps, I had ailuded to '
in a word before, that this resolution, when it
was adopted in 1866, stated in advance, by
way of preamble, the high grounds of public
expediency, and the extreme crisis of public j
affairs which would justify them in reposing in ]
a joint select committee of the two bodies the -
extraordinary powers which were then con-
ferred. That preamble my honorable friend •
from Illinois has not read. That preamble he i
has not brought into this resolution at this i
time, which is not to continue a committee •
then created, as a matter of course, because I j
have told you before, the committee did not '
exist; it expired with the expiration of the ,
Forty-first Congress, and no man proposed to '
raise it. Now, what was that preamble? ;
" Whereas the financial condition of the United ■
.States demands theexerciseof arigid economy in all
departments of the Government, in order to Pit"- '
tain the credit uf the United States, and to relieve ,
the people at the earliest possible day from the bur-
dens of excessive taxation
So far, it. is true yet—
" and whereas there 1.3 roason to believo that in
many departments of the civil service abuse.-* have
for a. long time existed, and still exist, in the per-
petuation of useless offices and sinecures, in extrav-
agant salaries, and in other unnecessary and waste-
ful expenditures: Therefore,
" Resolved,'' &o.
The critical point in this resolution, the one
which justified its passage, was in the two or
three last clauses there, (preceded as they are
by a truth that is true always as to the neces-
sity of economy and a reduction,) in accusing
the then existing Administration as abody and
upon a reason—a belief which both Houses
committed themselves to—that the whole body
of the civil administration under Mr. John-
son was in a corrupt, extravagant, and waste-
ful condition, and the public knew and under-
stood it; and therefore it was that the two
Houses resorted to this extraordinary measure.
My honorable friend has said, in addition,
why do we complain of loading up this com-
mittee with so many subjects of inquiry when
we did it before? My honorable friend will
find that when an amendment was proposed to
this resolution, even in 1866, to add to it some
of the things which he insists upon adding
now, I opposed that amendment upon the
ground that it was overloading the committee
with duties that ought to be performed by
other committees of this Chamber, and it
would be loading them with so many duties
that my friend from Rhode Island, "at the
request of the Senator from Missouri, (Mr.
Brown,") offered an amendment directing an
inquiry into the appointments and dismissals
from office, and a variety of things of that
kind, after the resolution had been reported
from the committee, to which I am roported
as making this objection—the very one that I
have made to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Illinois when he offered it as an
original resolution, and that is all of it:
"It appears to me, and has appeared to other
gentlemen with whom I have consulted upon the
subject of the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, for it has been talked about, that if this
committee properly perform the duty which the
resolution already provides for it will have suffi-
cient labor on its hands from no\v till the 1st of
December, during all the time it would be willing
to work. By providing for too many subjects of
inquiry we are. Ifear, likely not to accomplish any-
thing. I would prefer, therefore, that tbis amend-
ment should not be adopted to thi 8 resolution ; but
I should most heartily go for it as an independent
proposition committed to some other committee, so
as to be sure to have the service performed; for it
i  very important, certainly sufficiently important,
to engage the attention ot a special committee on
that subject alone."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Vermont—as I presume he desires to be accu-
rate—srate the fact that this committee was
raised without the preamble both at the
Fortieth and Forty-First Congresses?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. TRllMBULL. He seems to attach im-
portance to the preamble. It was raised with-
out any preamble in the Fortieth and Forty-
First Congresses. Here is the record of it.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I rose for the singular
purpose of endeavoring to state the facts.
That is what I am up for at the present time.
[Laughter.] But I cannot state all the facts
at once, if my honorable friend will pardon
me. I have not that facility and felicity of
language which my fiiend has, which enables
him to say everything at the same time. I was
just commencing, in imitation of my honorable
friend, with the beginning of this committee.
Then I was about to go on, if he would have
done me the honor to wait for a minute or
two, to state what occurred afterward.
This committee thus raised, and having the
same objection made to this universal enlarge-
ment ot its powers then that I make now,
went forward to perform what duties it could.
It could not perform one tenth, not one twen-
tieth of the duties which the generality of the
language creating it authorized and seemed to
require it to perform ; but we worked all the
time and did the best we could, and we trust
that we did a good deal of good.
Then, when we come to the next Congress,
there was a revival and continuance of the
committee by a resolution which only referred
to the preexistence of the committee,and which
therefore took up by implication and adoption
the same grounds for its creation and contin-
uance as existed before. Then we came to the
termination of the administration of Mr. John-
son. Then the chairmanships of committees
changed, and, as strange and awful as it may
appear, the chairmanships are always changed
in a caucus effectively. Some four or five men,
as my honorable friend from Illinois farthest
from me [Mr. Logan] I believe is represented
as stating, as was mentioned to mea little while
ago 
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, I thought you did not
hear me!
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not hear you. Do
I misquote you?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, then. Iflhave
the favor of knowing what my friend said with-
out hearing him, I have the advantage of ac-
quit ing knowledge in two places at once while
being in only one of them. [Laughter.] It
almost always happens that some four or five
men in a certain sense regulate affairs; that is
to say, inasmuch as forty men cannot conven-
iently look over the list and place gentlemen
in the most effective and agi eeable positions on
both sides of the Chamber, it is usually com-
mitted to some four or five men to have them
report what is satisfactory to the whole body.
Then it becomes the act of the whole body. It
looks very much like what we do in the public
sessions of the Senate. We commit to a com-
mittee of four or five or seven men the most
important topics, and it almost always hap-
pens that their say-so is finally observed.
But to return to this committee : the chair-
manships changed, and then a new administra-
tion coming in, and that feeling of brotherhood
and good will which exists in this body at all
times, and never more so, I takeit, than to-day,
thought it a wise and fit thing to keep that
committee right on, and to make my honorable
friend from New Hampshire its chairman. He
had been a highly honored member of the
House of Representatives. He had been a
member for some time of this body, an able
member on the Committee on Retrenchment,
and it was thought suitable that that honor-
able gentleman should "have a committee."
as the saying is, and that committee was con-
tinued, and he was made its chairman. Very
well.
Then we come down to the next Congress,
which began it3 sessions in March last. Then
the committee again expired, and then, I repeat,
(because it seems to be entirely forgotten by my
honorable fiieud from Illinois.) wher, accord-
ing to the rules of this body, we again met m
the 4th of Mai ch, and the House of Repre-
sentatives met, no man again proposes in this
body or in the other to continue or to revive
that committee: no man felt that there was
any public expediency of any kind which re-
quired the exercise of the extraordinary powers
which had been brought into life in the ad-
ministration of Andrew Johnson and by general
consent——
Mr. THURMAN rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does theSenator ask me
to yield ?
Mr. THURMAN. I thought the Senator
had finished the sentence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will finish the sentence
when my honorable friend puts his inquiry.
Mr. THURMAN. If he will allow me lo
interrupt him, he has said, and repeated it, that
nobody thought of the revival of that com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I did not say that
nobody thought of its revival, I dare fay my
honorable friend did.
Mr. THURMAN. Then nobody proposed
its revival, he said.
Mr. EDMUNDS, f raid that.
Mr. THURMAN. Nobody, I suppose, did
