1U
AtTENDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 12,
Ho. of Reps.
Contested Election—Mr. Arthur.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Newspapers and miscellaneous matter delivered by
earners  650,672
Add number delivered at the office  52,000
Total  702.672
Stamps canceled during the year, value  $58,000
Number of letters mailed from this office,... 193,333
Stamped envelopes sold during the year  $55,000
There are dispatched from this office at the pres-
ent time six tons of newspapers per week. Money-
order business for one week averages as follows:
number of orders issued, 146; amount, $2,030 56:
fees, 817 65; number paid, 186; amount, $2,834 86;
amount issued and paid, $4,865 42. The business
now aggregates over two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars per year.
The collections under the internal revenue
act in the twenty-third district have been very
large. The office of the collector and assessor
appointed under that act are kept at Syracuse.
The population of the district by the last cen-
sus was about one hundred and thirty thou-
sand. There are three distilleries in operation
in the district, and the amount of distilled
spirits produced upon which a tax is collected
by the Federal officers is immense. There are
also several breweries in operation, one of
which (the Greenway brewery) is the largest
in the State. There are also a large number
of cigar manufacturers carrying ou business
in Syracuse, and in other portions of the dis-
trict, all of whom report to and buy their
revenue stamps of the collector of internal
revenue. The records and papers that accu-
mulate in these two offices are valuable to the
Government, and in case of fire the loss would
be a serious one.
Considering the magnitude of the business
necessarily transacted through these two offices,
and the necessity of preserving the valuable
papers daily accumulating, I respectfully sub-
mit that the Government ought, in justice to
itself, provide a suitable public building for the
use of this branch of the service.
The following statement will show the re-
ceipts from internal revenue in the twenty-
third district of New York from June 30,
1863, to June 30^.1871:
For the vear ending—
June 30,1863  $313 926 50
June SO, 18b4   959,832 96
June 30,1865  1,164,44-1 28
June 30, 1866  1.650,556 98
June 80,1867  1,086,56400
June SO, 1868   451,860 06
June 30,18b9  654,227 04
June 30,1870    779 029 19
June 30,1871   439,304 06
Total #7,399,755 07
The interest felt by the people of Syracuse in
this, to them, vital subject, bas shown itself
in the resolutions which I hold in my hand,
passed at a public meeting presided over by
the mayor of the city, in which they earn-
estly ask for this appropriation. They have
united also in a petition to the same effect,
which is now with the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. That petition is signed
by the merchants, the bankers, the manufac-
turers, the mechanics, and the laboring men
of the city to the number of over one thousand,
and it is accompanied with the pledge that the
corporate authorities will convey to the United
States a proper and convenient site, free of
expense, for such public building.
While the people whom I have the honor to
represent pay cheerfully for the support, pro-
tection, and advancement of the interests of
every portion of our common country, and
have spent freely to uphold the glory and
honor of the Union which our fathers estab-
lished, they feel justified in asking from Con-
gress this small appropriation. Understand,
we desire to take not one dollar back which
we have advanced to forward our nation's
safety or honor. We glory in the power, the
grandeur, and the stability of this Union ; and
whatever tends to add to its prosperity or ele-
vate it ire the rank of nations we desire above
•11 things shall be speedily and promptly done.
And we desire this at all times, at any expense
of blood and treasure, believing that "he that
soweth bountifully shall reap bountifully, and
he that soweth sparingly shall reap spar-
ingly."
Mr. Speaker, allow me, in conclusion, to add
that if the question of expenditure is to con-
trol the decision of this question, and I am
to be met with the argument that the money
cannot be spared from the Treasury, I will
Suggest that if the Government will appropri-
ate its revenue for a single year from the city
of Syracuse alone to this object the citizens of
that city will erect a fire-proof building of the
largest dimensions, located in the most con-
venient and central point in the business part
of the city, the title to which shall be forever
vested in the United States and set apart for
its sole tise. We only ask that a small part of
the millions which we have contributed to help
other localities shall be appropriated in our
midst.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that we have a
great national debt hanging over us, and that
the condition of the national finance is such
that the Government should embark in no
useless projects of improvement. There is
an enormous public debt, which the people
have got to pay; but to pay it easily and
promptly the people are entitled to the foster-
ing care of the Government, in order to enable
them to pay it. As a Representative in Con-
gress, I have resisted, to the extent of my abil-
ity, all corrupt and profligate expenditure of
the people's money. I have insisted, and do
insist, upon the most rigid and searching econ-
omy in every department of the Government.
1 demand that all useless expenses shall be
cut off. and that we shall have a frugal and
economical administration of the Government.
The people, upon whom all the burdens event-
ually fall, have a right to this. And with such
a state of things there will be no trouble about
a, few hundred thousand dollars for a public
improvement so much needed as the one I
have considered.
Mr. Speaker, during the progress of the late
war Congress chartered the Pacific railroad,
and not only granted the land for ten and
twenty miles on either side of the road, but
assumed absolutely to issue Government bonds
in aid of the work to the stupendous amount
of $95,000,000! Not only that, but a subse-
quent Congress insisted in subordinating the
security which it held by first mortgage to the
mortgages of the various companies, in effect
giving up all the real security it held. So we
may safely say that there is $95,000,000 lost
to the Treasury. This sum, thus diverted from
the national coffers, would have paid the boun-
ties, due and still unpaid to the soldiers who
served for the Union—whose sacrifices, cour-
age, and blood saved this great nation from
destruction.
I have no disposition to detain the House
with any further re marks. The measure which
I have advocated is called for by public neces-
sity, and I trust the House, dictated by a sense
ofjustice, will cheerfully vote this appropriation.
Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. W. E. ARTHUR,
OF KENTUCKY,
Ik the House of Representatives,
March 12, 1872,
On the contested-election case of Cessna vs. B. ]?.
Meyers, from the sixteenth congressional district
of Pennsylvania,
Mr. ARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, the consti-
tution of the State of Pennsylvania provides in
article three, section one, that—
" In elections by thij citizens every (white) free-
man of the age of twenty-one years, having re-
sided in the State one year, and in the election
district where he offers tovoto ten days immediately
precoding such election, and within two years paid
a. State or county tax which shall have been as-
sessed at least ten days before the election, shall
enjoy the rights ot an elector. But a citizen of the
United States who had previously been a qualified
voter of this State, and removed thcreirom and re-
turned, and who shall have resided in the election
district and paid taxes as aforesaid, shall be entitled
to vote after residing in the State six months: Pro-
vided, That (white) treemen, citizens of the United
States, between the ages of twenty-one and twenty-
two years'and having resided in the State one year,
and in the eloction district ten days as aforesaid'
shall be entitled to vote although they shall not
have paid tax«"
That const..ational provision upon the sub-
ject of the qualifications of voters, &c., was
developed and applied with minuteness by
the Legislature in the act of April 17, 1869,
embodying mainly the statutory law by which
the case under consideration is to be governed.
In the sixteenth congressional district, com-
posed of the counties of Adams, Bedford,
Franklin, Fulton, and Somerset, in the State
of Pennsylvania, the election for the B'orty-
Second Congress was begun and held on Tues-
day, the 11th day of October, 1870.
The primary qualifications of a voter pre-
scribed m the foregoing section of the consti-
tution may be conveniently analyzed as fol-
lows, to wit: twenty-one years of age; one
year in the State; ten days in the election dis-
trict next preceding the election ; State or
county tax assessed at least ten days before
the election, and paid. Or in the case of a
citizen of the United States, and previously
a qualified voter of the State, and left it and
returned, six months in the State ; ten days
in the election district next preceding the
election; State or county tax assessed not
le s than ten days belore the election, and
paid. And in the ease of citizens of the Uni-
ted States between the ages of twenty-one and
twenty-two, one year in ihe State and ten
days in the election district next preceding
the election.
There bas never yet been devised any gen-
eral rule of law applicable with universal pre-
cision to every possible shade or combination
of circumstances. Hence, in very majiy cases,
in the application of general rules, principles
of analogy and questions of intention are to be
considered and determined by sound judicial
discretion upon a survey of the whole case.
The record herein is unusually complex and
voluminous, and the parties to the controversy
have presented a great many questions, both
techuical and substantial, all of which have
been considered carefully and in detail. It
will only now be necessary to advert to such
of them as are deemed material to a proper
introduction of the decision made.
The votes of several hundred persons have
been attacked pro and con upon a multiplicity
of grounds arising out of the local law of
Pennsylvania and otherwise. And to under-
take now to discuss each particular instance
ot alleged illegal voting would prove wholly
impracticable. Heuce, for the sake of all
brevity and method consistent with a rational
explanation of the basis of the conclusion
reached, thefoilovringgeneral principles of law
and practice are submitted as having been
relied on and applied respectively to the sev-
eral classifications of cases.
LAW OF DOMICILE, F.TO.
First. As to railroad hands:
1. Legal residence is the act of voluntary
residence coupled with the intention of remain*
mg, and is entirely compatible with a possible
or contingent change of residence at a future,
unascertained day, or upon a future unascer
tauiea contingency. (Miller vs. Thompson,
flection Cases, 120; ex parte David Levy, 2
Election Cases, 43.)
Second. As to paupers:
2. The beneficiary of an almshouse or hos-
