1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Kentucky cannot incorporate any document or
any statement in his speech which, has not
been read upon the floor.
, Mr. BECK. I stated at the time that I would
incorporate them in my remarks and no objec-
tion was made. Of course I am not precluded
from inserting those in my remarks.
The SPEAKER. Consent cannot be in-
ferred upon a point of that character.
Mr. B£tCK. Very wellj I wUl see that noth-
ing hereafter is put into the Globe which has
not been read on the floor of this House.
Many Members. So will we.-
Mr. BECK. I now serve notice oil the gen-
tlemen on the other side that this is the last of
unanimous consent to inserting in the Globe
what has not been read or uttered on this floor.
This is the sworn statement of this gentle-
man, Mr. Steele, to which I referred: -
"I know that several good Union men were re-
fused certificates by our registrar of voters* solely, as
1 believed, because he thought they would not vote
for Brownlow ; at least it was very difficult for any
of them to get a certificate, and Quite easy for any
man, even of rebel antecedents, to get a certificate
to vote if he voted right, as it was called'; that Is,
was ' loyal' and for Brownlow. The Radical party
in this county held a convention in Lewisburg, and
the negroes came to it from thediftei ent leagues with
their'arms; there was no occasion for this. At the
election in Lewisburg the negroes generally voted
the 4 red' or Republican ticket, handed to them by
their whito friends. They reminded me of a drove
of sheep huddled to be driven into an inclosure, or
a flock of partridges into net. Very few if any of
them could read their tickets. They voted in a body,
like soldiers deliver their fire under orders. There
was then stationed herein town a company of Brown-
low militia, under the command of Captain Rick-
man. They were all at the fair-grounds on that day,
except a squad of fifteen men, sent that day to the
third district of this county. The militia were under
the control of partisan influences, and had much to
do as well as the loyal leagues in persuading, over-
awing, and securing the colored vote for tho Radical
ticker, and in effect intimidating or keeping away
from the ballot-box many white voters. The election
was not what I would consider a free one; it was a
burlesque on republican government, and conducted
entirely in the interest of the dominant faction and
its candidates."
Again he said, in the course of his state-
ment, that he resigned his place in the house
because he was—
"satisfied that the Radical measures of disfranchise-
ment of the white people would ruin or greatly in-
jure the peace, happiness, and prosperity of the
State, and to try to prevent the government of Ten-
nessee from becoming an oligarchy and military
despotism, which it has been ever since."
Hon. Edmund Cooper, in his testimony be-
fore the same committee of this House said
that the whole registration of the county of
Lincoln was set aside; and he says :
441 remonstrated with Governor Brownlow about
his exorcise of power in tho case, and .asked him to
permit the registration of Captain Ship, who was his
appointee, and who had been loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and a captain in the
cavalry regiment commanded by Hon. W.B.Stokes,
at present a member of Congress from this State, to
be reinstated. This the Governor declined to do,
using this language, as near as I recollect: ' that our
friends say that Captain Ship has married into an
influential rebel family, and although he may not
have acted wrong in tho previous registration, they
feared that he might thereafter do wrong.'"
And then he says:
"This made my case a hopeless one. Under the
law, if properly carried out, I felt that I would have
received not less than two thousand votes in Lin-
coln, one thousand in Franklin, and eight hundred
in Coffee; but my vote in ail of them was so small
that I really do not now remember it. Connected
with the fruits of the refusal of the registers to do
their sworn duty in said counties, and the willful
omission to register, my district was, just before
the election, flooded with troops, Tennessee militia,
mostly made up of troops from East Tennessee.
They were stationed at Tuliahoma, in Pulaski, at
Lewisburg, at Fayetteville, and Murfreesboro, and
squads were sent out to each precinct. I know of
no action on the part of the militia, except they
werestrongly opposed to my election, and strongly in
favor of Governor Brownlow and my competitor,
and they had no hesitation m so stating at public
speakings and elsewhere. They were particularly
demonstrative at Tuilahoma. where I spoke, in
company with Captain C. A. Sbeafe, who was a can-
didate for tho senate on the Democratic side. In my
opinion the-conduct of Governor Brownlow was
unjustifiable; he used the power of his ofhco for my
deteat; there were no charges against either of the
registrars of having acted wrongfully, illegally, or
fraudulently on file in his office at Nashville, or that
of the secretary of State. I looked to see ; none
could be found. It. was the act of a partisan for
party purposes, and it succeeded. I was overwhelm-
ingly defeated. At the close of the canvass, and
after a review of the case, I believe, if the registra-
tions had remained, under tho then excitement, I
would have been defeated, not because of the ma-
jority of the qualified voters being against me, but
because of the frauds practiced in giving certificates
to negroes who were not entitled to them, and the
presence of the militia,"
In February, 1869, he authorized a declara-
tion of martial law, which reads as follows :
Proclamation by the Governor.
Whereas there are now sixteen hundred State
guards at Nashville armed and equipped under
command of General Joseph A.Cooper; and where-
as these troops are intended to preserve the peace
and enforce the laws in counties heretofore partially
in rebellion:
Now, therefore, I, William G. Beownlow, Gov-
ernor of the State of Tennessee, do hereby proclaim
martial law in and over the following-named coun-
ties, to wit: Overton, Jackson, Maury, Giles,Mar-
shall, Lawrence, Gibson, Madison, and Haywood.
And I further direct that General Cooper distrib-
ute these troops at once, and continue them in ser-
vice until we have unmistakable evidence of the
purpose of all parties to keep the peace.
It is further ordered in this proclamation that the
general in command shall enforce the most rigid
discipline among his troops, requiring them in every
particular to conform to striet^miUtary discipline,
showing no quarter to either officers or privates who
shall be found guilty of habitual drunkenness.
In testimony whereof, I have caused the great
seal of the State to be attached hereunto
this 20th day of February, 1869; and I order
[l. s.j that the same be inserted three times in
each of the newspapers entitled to publish
legal advertisements.
W. G. BROWNLOW,
Governor of Tennessee.
Whereupon General Cooper issued his order,
and deprived those counties even of the right
to open their courts, suspended the writ of
habeas corpus, and put his soldiers over them.
That document is as follows:
[General Order No. 4.]
Headquarters Tennessee State Guards,
Nashville, February 23,1869.
In obedience with the proclamation-of his Excel-
lency the Governor, dated February. 20,1869, Lieu-
tenant Colonel L.'B. Gamble, commanding first regi-
ment Tennessee State Guards, is hereby ordered to
move the five companies composing the right wing
of his regiment to the town of Pulaski, in Giles
county, where he will establish his headquarters.
His district shall comprise the counties of Maury.
Giles, Marshall, and Lawrenec. He will suspend civil
law in the limits of said district. Any person or per-
sons disturbing the public peace will be tried by a
military court, and summarily dealt with. Colonel
Gamble will hold his command under strict disci-
pline, and will severely punish any officer ox enlisted
man who may be detected in any violation of the
Rules and Articles of War.
All supplies of quartermaster and commissary
stores will be furnished when practicable by the
quartermaster general of the State. Should it be
necessary in any instance 1o send out a forage party
they must be accompanied by the regimental quar-
termaster, who will receive written instructions from
the officer commanding the battalion.
Any officer or enlisted man detected in pillaging,
marauding, or in any manner whatever disturbing
any peaceful citizen pursuing the ordinary avoca-
tions of life, will be tried by a drum-head court-
martial and promptly punished. The general com-
manding, feeling the responsibility of his position,
earnestly exhorts each officer and enlisted man to
aid him in preserving the peace of the country and
restoring law and order.
The quartermaster department will furnish the
necessary transportation.
By command of Brigadier General James A.
Cooper: . JOHN COOPER,
Lieutenant and A. D.' G.
In testimony whereof I hereunto set my hand and
rT a -i affix my seal of office at Nashville, Febru-
ll. s.j ary 10j 1s72_ ^ j0hn g_ wil&esi
Adjutant General Tennessee,
These things were done when the Governor
had been advised by the authorities at Wash-
ington that sufficient military force to aid the
civil government would be furnished by the
United States. That series of wrongs and
oppressions made it plain to the people of
Tennessee that they could expect no protec-
tion from their State government; they were
crying out and rising everywhere, protesting
against the way in which they were treated.
Disfranchised, held under the bayonet in sub-
jection to an irresponsible power, the Gov-
ernor himself a candidate for office, and the
members of the Legislature candidates for
office-—the people kept in silence, and bayo-
nets at their throats to enforce it.
Therefore I submit with all confidence to
this House and to the American people that
my statement that the State of Tennessee was
a Pandemonium, made so by the arbitrary and
despotic edicts of her Governor and his worth-
less Legislature, was true.
For that I was assailed. I was charged
with being one of the vilest and basest of men.
It was charged that I had left the pursuit of a
hostler in a livery stable, and had taken up the
slave-driver's lash, and that I was the scorn
and contempt of all decent men. That was
the substance of the charge against me, made
in a high place, where men are presumed to
speak the truth and to scorn slander. I would
not notice it but for the fact that what has been
said in that Hall will go to the ends of the
world, and I know that truth never catches
falsehood unless it follows quickly. I am will-
ing to stand upon my record before my people
at home. They know me; they have trusted
me; they would defend me ; bat they cannot
speak to the whole American people as I can
to-day in this Hall through their Represent-
atives. When men rise in their places any-
where, I care not where, and charge that I am
a man so degraded, either from my past asso-
ciations or conduct, as not to be entitled to
consideration and respect, or intimate that I
have been guilty of conduct unworthy of a gen-
tleman here or elsewhere, in the past or now,
I denounce the man who makes the charge as
a libeler and a slanderer. I denounce all such
charges and insinuations on my own behalf,
and in behalf of the people who sent me here
to represent them.
I know why these charges are made. What
I said about the State government of Tennessee
was also said about the men who hold the reins
of government in the other States, and I said
a good deal more about some of them. One
man—Governor Davis, of Texas—was, as I
afterward learned, standingin this Hall looking
me in the face when I said it. I said more of
Governor Bullock, of Georgia, when he sat on
this floor in the last Congress. I have said
more about nearly all of the others; they are
not all cripples and imbeciles. I have never
told a lie about one of them. I am prepared
to prove every fact which I have stated here or
elsewhere about the tyranny of the usurpers in
the southern States. And it will not do to
put up a man to vilify me and then say, "Oh !
I am a cripple; I cannot write; 1 cannot
walk,1' and vend their malice by making him
their mouth-piece. Are all of these southern
Governors of whom I spoke cripples? I am
prepared to prove all I have said against every
one of them. And it is because they know it
will be done—Read of Florida, Scott of South
Carolina, and Davisof Texas, Bullock of Geor-
gia, all know it will be proved, and the gang
that are trying to cover up their outrages for
them know it.
I know it has been proved that they are
wincing now. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] knows it is all proved, and that I
was prominent in getting up the proof which
•will be laid before the country in less than a
week. That, sir, is the reason they are hound-
ing on an old man to malign me so that they
may be able to say "It is that fellow Beck,
aaigger-driver, who said it; he is not worthy
of credit, his statements are not entitled to
consideration against loyal men." That is the
game; that is the reason I am maligned ;
that is the reason I am set upon, and they
select a poor old imbecile to attack me.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call the gentleman
to order. I make the point of order that what
the gentleman has been saying for several
minutes past is in reference to what has taken
place in the other branch of Congress.
Mr. BECK. How does the gentleman
know that?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has listened
