1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion, I say as a matter of party policy we can
do no better thing here to day, after we have
declared in favor of free tea and coffee, than
to annex to it also, in addition to the free list,
the second section reported by the Committee
on Finance in their bill.
As an individual proposition, I would vote
for putting tea and coffee on the free list; but
I voted against it for the reason I have stated,
because i wished to take the bill as a whole
and consider all its parts and vote for it as a
whole; but now, it having been determined
to put tea and coffee upon the free list, I
insist that the second section shall be added
to the free list that has been passed by the
Senate. This, I believe, is the shortest
method of settling this question upon the bill
that is now before us;. and instead of insist-
ing upon the bill proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania this morning, voting upon
that alone, and then having our whole time
and our entire trouble again upon the tariff
bill, I believe the shortest way to dispose of
this question is to now add the second section
to the proposed amendment before the Senate,
and then we shall substantially have the whole
subject of the tariff out of the way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator prefer to moire this as an amendment to
the amendment, or to reserve it to stand upon
its own merits as an amendment until the
pending amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont shall have been disposed of? It can be
moved either way.
Mr. MOKTON. Let us vote on the free
list and then on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would prefer to add it to
the free list as it is now.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Do I understand
that the proposition of the Senator from Iowa
is to add to the free list the articles enumer-
ated in section two?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not to add the
articles, but to add section two reducing the
duties on those articles ten per cent.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As an amend-
ment to the pending proposition?
The VICE PRESIDENT. As an amend-
ment to the pending proposition. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will allow two votes to be taken, one upon
the free list, and one upon the second section ;
otherwise we shall be embarrassed very much.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Iowa that if his
amendment should be agreed to as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, and then that should be rejected,
the second section would fall with the free list.
That may be his desire, and it is for him to
decide.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir, I do not desire
that the free list shall fall. I want to have a
fair vote upon my proposition on its merits.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can have a
vote. I should like to have a vote upon it
myself. I do not want to embarrass one or the
other. I trust the Senator will let us have a
separate vote.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will reconsider that opinion and not
withdraw his amendment for this very reason.
Suppose the free list is suspended, what then?
We are told by this committee, " Having taken
the duty off tea and coffee, and having adopted
this free list, we cannot vote for the Senator's
amendment." I think we ought to incorpor-
ate it and let it go along with the free list and
let it be a part of the proposition ; that is my
idea,
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator ;
from Maine, is not his argument just as strong
the other way'? He says no; I say yes. The
Senate has just voted to put the free list in
place of another amendment, that, is prefer-
ring it to that, and by a vote which indicates
that it is to carry. Now the Senator says that
if the free list prevails it is going to embar-
rass the vote upon the other question, and he
has explained how. Just as much in the one
case as in the other; I submit to him precisely
as much. Suppose the amendment offered by
the Senator from Iowa prevails and is added
to the free list; then everybody is to vote for
both. That is true, but the Senate has just
expressed its determination in favor of the
free list just as it has expressed its determina-
tion in favor of free tea and free coffee ; but
these two Senators here seem to think that
whether the bills are together or whether they
be separate, the effect being the same, some
distinction is to arise. I submit not.
I hope the Senator from Iowa will withdraw
his amendment for the present, and for this
reason: suppose his amendment prevails now,
then he deprives Senators who wish to vote
for his amendment, and who do not wish to
vote for the free list, of that opportunity. On
the other hand he deprives those who wish to
vote for the free list, and not for the amend-
ment, of that opportunity. In other words,
he couples together things which have nothing
necessarily to do with each other, whereas
leaving each to stand by itself the vote is per-
fectly fair upon each, I submit, in spite of the
suggestion of my honorable friend from Maine.
Mr. WRIGHT. Upon this question as upon
all others iny preference always is to have a
vote upon the precise question that is present-
ed, in no manner connected with or depend-
ent on anything else. Now, it is possible
that some persons may vote for my amend-
ment for the purpose of strengthening their
approval of the free list. There might be
others who would vote against it for the reason
that they did not, want it to incumber the
free list. Now, I propose, in view of that to
withdraw the amendment for the present, with
the understanding that if the free list is adopt-
ed or whether adopted or not, I shall move it
as an amendment to the free list if adopted,
or if not, as an amendment to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order. The Senator can do it in committee
or afterward in the Senate. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, adding the free list of the Com-
.mittee on Finance to this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LOGAN. I am paired with the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, Mr. Ames, on all ques-
tions where I differ with the committee, and
this being a proposition that the committee
votes for, I suppose he would vote if here the
same way, and therefore I shall take the lib-
erty to vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 34, nays
13 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Cole,
Conkling, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt,Robertson, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer,
Stevenson, Stewart, Trumbull, West, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Wright—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron,
Chandler, Clayton, Corbett, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Ramsey,
and Scott—13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Gold thwaite, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Nye, Pool, Bice, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now move the amendment
I suggested before, adding the second sec-
tion of the tariff bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, reducing the duty ten per
cent, on the articles specified in that section.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SCOTT. No; I hope we shall finiah
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were 25, noes 22.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 19, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Cameron, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Norwood, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Roberts cm, Schurz, Spencer, Stevenson,
Trumbull, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin. Harlan, Logan, Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, West, Windom, and Wright—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Davis
of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut. Flan-
agan. Goldthwaite.Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pool, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, ana
Vickers—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. CHANDLER. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Is it not in
order to add to this amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, as this is
an amendment in the first degree; or if this
amendment shall be agreed to, it can be added
to after the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I will not
move any amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not voted because I
am paired with the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Ames] on all questions where I disagree
with the committee. I see that a majority of
the committee have voted in favor of this
amendment, and I presume he would do so. I
shall therefore vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 32, nays
17; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Conkling, Cooper,
Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morton,
Norwood, Pomeroy, Prat'c, Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Sawyer. Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson,
Trumbull, West, Windom, a,nd Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Cor-
bett. Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,' Scott, Stewart, and
Wilson—17.
ABSENT— Mossrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Casserly, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite,
Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Patterson. Pool, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Vickers—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr,FRELINGHUYSEN. I will not with-
draw it except for some temporary purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey withdraw the motion to
adiourn ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Temporarily.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to give
notice that to-morrow morning I will offer the
bill as reported by the Committee on Finance
as a substitute for the proposition as it now
stands.
Mr. MORTON. And I give notice that I
