1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2875
appeals to the people of the United States on
that ground, they will say to the Senate and to
Senators, "Gentlemen, you talk too much;
your debates ought to be limited; no one of
seventy men ought to have it in his powei- to
prolong and procrastinate and delay and talk
forever upon every question, great or small."
Why, sir, it is a remarkable fact that there is
110 legislative body in the history of the whole
world that has not some form of a previous
question. The Chamber of Deputies of France,
the legislative bodies in Germany, the House
of Lords and the House of Commons in Eng-
land, have their previous question. It is very
rare that a single question in the House of Com-
mons goes beyond two days' debate. Nearly
all the important questions are decided after
one day's debate, and it was noted as an extra-
ordinary fact some three or four years ago that
one of the most important questions, which in-
volved the defeat of a ministry, occupied three
days' debate in the House ot Commons. In
the House of Lords the subject-matter under
discussion is always closed before the session
ends unless there is some extraordinary reason
for its delay; and yet in the Senate I have
seen small questions debated day after day
and day alter day.
I know the reluctance of the Senate to
change its rules. This body commenced with
s:;me twenty-six members in secret conclave,
when it was rather in the nature of a cabinet
or a caucus. In a few years the sessions were
opened. Then the old habit grew on, and
these unlimited rules which allowed anybody
to debate at any length weie preserved as a
part of the traditions of the Senate. We have
now seventy-four members. We are getting
to be quite a numerous body, almost as numer-
ous as the popular branch of a State Legisla-
ture. The most popular branch of the Legis-
lature of Ohio has but one hundred and tour
oi' one hundred and five members. We can-
not maintain and carry on the business of this
great country, growing year by year, without
some power in the majority to control debate.
Therefore, I say for myself that I am willing
now to vote for a proposition that will, after a
reasonable time, place the previous question
in the power of the majority, so that the pub-
lic business may be expedited after a reason-
able chance for the minority to express their
opinion. To make all this clamor about this
little proposition to confine debate to five
minutes on an amendment to an appropriation
hill during this session, it seems to me, is
making a mountain out of a mole-hill. Why
is it to be supposed in the first place that the
Senate will order debate to be limited until we
are all v/eary and tired out, until every Sen-
ator ought to be ashamed to say anything fur-
ther? This five minutes rule cannot apply
until the Senate by a majority vote decide that
it shall apply. The Senate never will apply
it until they are wparied out, and until there
ought to be a final vote.
^ Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
Senator from Ohio allow me to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask him
h>s construction respecting this resolution.
Will a motion to suspend all debate apply to
all the pending amendments and all that may
be offered thereafter, or will it apply only to
the particular amendment pending at the time
it is offered ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will apply to all amend-
ments that may be offered to a bill, as I under-
stand.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is that
the effect of it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land was a member here when the tariff bill
was under consideration in 1870. I intro-
duced this particular proposition. After a
lutle debate, some Senator said it opened a
broad question, but let us agree unanimously
to adopt it, and it was adopted nem. con. and
entered on the Joarnal that we should act on
a five-minutes rule precisely like this ; and we
went on and considered the important subject
of the reduction of the revenue, external and
internal, in a five minute rule.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. But allow
ine to say to the honorable Senator that then
that consent was limited to the amendments
germane to that question.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. I have it
before me.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I so under-
stood it at that time, and that was generally
understood. Here it applies to all amend-
ments and to the bill generally.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me read the reso-
lution to show that the Senator from Mary-
land is wrong.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That was
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. The Journal is:
"On motion of Jlr. Sherman, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by him on the 23d instant"—
This was on the 28th of June, 1870—
" Resolved, That the debate on the bill (II. E. No.
2045) to reduce taxation, shall after to-day be con-
fined to debate, not exceeding five minutes by cach
Senator, on the amendment pending when such
debate arises.
" Theresolution having been modified by Mr. Shek-
man by striking out the words ' after to-day.'
" An amendment being proposed by Mr. Spencer
to strike out' five' and insert' ten.'
" Pending debate thereon the Senate came to a
unanimous understanding that debate should be
limited to five minutes to each Senator on any
amendment proposed to the bill."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. To the
tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land sees that there was the very thing.itself
adopted by unanimous consent on a tariff bill,
and it applied not only to amendments but to
the bill itself. The Senator says it did not
apply unless an amendment was germane.
What is germane in the Senate ? I could show
you decisions without number that anything is
germane in the Senate. When you say a thing
is germane in the Senate you mean anything
that can be written m the English language.
There is no rule in the Senate requiring
amendments to be germane. Therefore you
introduce language which is not known to the
rules of the Senate. In the. House an amend-
ment must be germane to the subject-matter,
but in the Senate there is no such tiling, and
that is one of the evils that have grown out, of
the fact that the Senate grew from a small
secret body without any rules at all, until grad-
ually it expanded itself into a representative
body of seventy-four members, representing
thirty-seven different States or communities.
Why, sir, there ought to be a rule that noth-
ing should be offered as an amendment to a
bill but whatis germane, and no appropriation
bill ought iu any case to be amended except
by a proposition that relates to an appropria-
tion ; and if the Senate desire it, let us vole
for such a proposition and correct a great and
growing evil.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
say to him that I would thank him very much if
he would introduce such a rule? I would like
to vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have introduced such
a rule, but it never will be adopted in the
Senate because it is a violation of the old
courtesies of the Senate. The idea that a
Senator should be confined by the rule to have
his amendment relate to or be pertinent to
or germane to a bill would be undignified
and wrong! [Laughter.] That was the idea.
1 did propose a rule of that kind during the
war when we were under the press of business,
but the Senate said that it was a departure
from the privileges and rights and dignity of
the body to adopt such a rule as that. _ And
yet that rule is a part of the constitution of
every State in this Union, so far as I know.
Now, under the constitution of Ohio, and I
believe of Kentucky and nearly all the States,
no bill can be passed to be constitutional unless
the object of the bill is stated in the title, but
we cannot adopt a rule that will limit our
amendments to something germane to the bill
because that would be undignified !
The truth is that the Senate of the United
States has, by the vast growth of our country,
by the increase of the number of States', by
the increase of the number of tbe body, of the
subjects-matter brought before us, and the
great diversity of objects of legislation, grown
beyond the clothes that bound the old Senate.
Then it was a great debating body, where a
few leading questions occupied the time of the
Senate; now it is a legislative body, where
everything is debated; and we refuse to
change our clothing, because, forsooth, it may
affect our dignity.
Now, sir, this little rule proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania to authorize a
majority of the Senate, with all our vague
notions about senatorial dignity, to allow a
majority to say, when they get thoroughly
'tired out, that after this, until tbe pending bill
is disposed of, we will confine the debate on
pending amendments to five minutes, is a rev-
olutionary proceeding, and one upon which
my honorable friend from Illinois is going to
appeal to the country, to take the decision of
the country upon it. Why, sir, if you leave
it to a plain countryman, a blacksmith or
a farmer or a mechanic, he will say that the
great fault he has to find with the Senate
is that they talk too much, and that they
have not limited their debates long ago. You
can never get a plain countryman to under-
stand why v,e have to sit here during the long,
weary, watching hours of the night, in order
to pass any bill that three or four determined
men are opposed to. You cannot get a plain
countryman to understand why our appropria-
tion bills may be loaded down with incongru-
ous, and impertinent, and ungermane amend-
ments, merely because the dignity of the Sen-
ate demands that we should not change our
rule.
I hail the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania as a business proposition, not
intended, as my honorable friend from Cali-
fornia supposes, to be an advantage to a
political party, to take advantage of a minor-
ity, but as a proposition looking to the
prompt disposal of the ordinary business of
the Senate, its regular and proper disposi-
tion, without any attempt t,o impair the rights
of the minority or take any advantage for the
majority. You never could get a majority in
the Senate to agree to apply this five-minute
rule to an amendment where grave political
interests were involved. It is an imputation
upon the majority for the minority to say that
we wish to use this five-minute rule to pass
some political proposition as an amendment
to an appropriation bill. I think the majority
would not dare to do such a thing as that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow mo
to ask the Senator a question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Sunpt ,e
the rule is applied before the proposition
arises. Here you undertake to pass a pro-
vision upon an appropriation bill that all de-
bate on amendments to that bill shall bj
confined to five minutes. The proposition
is not then here; when it comes, how aro
you to reverse your action? The proposition
is all at once put before the Senate, and what
are you to do?
Mr. SHERMAN. The order may be re-
scinded at any moment; and if there is any
doubt about it, put that in. I suppose no Sen-
ator will object to this order being rescinded
at any time by an order of the Senate. AH
we claim is this, that after a reasonable debate
upon amendments which are often thrust in,
incongruous and having no relation to the sub-
ject-matter, there should be some limit to
debate, and that the majority should say when
the time has arrived when the business of the
