1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
pital, by the bare act of sojourning therein,
neither gains nor loses a voting residence.
Prima facie, and by Intendment of law, his
voting place continues at his former residence
until changed by the concurrence of his vol-
untary act coupled with his intention, which
may be evidenced by acts or declarations, &c.
(Monroe vs. Jackson, 2 Election Cases, 101 ;
Covode vs. Foster, Digest Election Cases, 609;
Murray vs. McCarty, 2 Mun.,397; Readings.
Taylor, Digest Election Cases, 664; Chasers.
Miller, 5 Wright.)
Third. As to students:
3. When the son is in his minority and
under the control of his father, the domicile
of the father is the domicile of the son. But
the oath of the student that ho left his last
residence animo non revertendi, and adopted
his college residence, uncertain of its duration,
and undetermined as to the adoption of any
other residence, is competent to establish his
right to vote at his college residence. (Ex
parte Levy, 2 Election Cases, 47; Farlee vs.
Hunk, 2 Election Cases, 93; Letcher vs.
Moore, 1 Election Case, 826 and 830.)
4. Where a man, otherwise a legal voter,
shows by competent evidence to the judges
of election that he merely offered to pay his
tax to the proper officer at the proper time,
who refused to receive it, but fails to show that
such offer to pay consisted of an actual bona
fide tender in lawful currency of the amount
due and payable, and claims a right to vote
and bis vote is refused by the judges of elec-
tion for the non-payment of taxes, that vote
was properly refused and is not available
in the count on a contested election in the
House.
5. Closing the polls too soon or opening
them too late will not invalidate, unless the
result of the election is proven to have been
thereby changed. And the rule is the same
as to mere irregularities, indecencies, &c.
6. The constitution of Pennsylvania is per-
emptory in requiring both assessment and
payment of tax as indispensable conditions-
precedent in the qualifications of the voter.
(Constitution Pennsylvania, article 3, section
1 ; Taylor vs. Reading, Digest Election Cases,
088.)
CERTIFICATE Or RETURN JUDGES, PBOTHOKOTARY, ETC.
7. Certificates of the return judges of elec-
tion, signed by them and attested by their
clerks, and certified to be a true and entire
copv of the election returns for Congress, pre-
sented at a meeting of the return judges and
on file in the office by the prothonotary of the
country in the* counties of Adams, Franklin,
Fulton, and Somerset, objected to in the argu-
ment on the ground that where a congres-
sional district is composed of two or more
counties there is no authority for depositing
siny return or statement of the county board
in the office of the prothonotary, and that a
certificate to an unauthorized paper does not
make it a legal document; and cases of Fuller
vs. Dawson, and Koontz vs. Coffroth, cited in
support of those grounds. (Digest Election
Ca-es, 134.150.)
The papers now under consideration are. m
tnanv material elements, unlike those under
consideration in the cases cited. The conclu-
sion in this ease is not in conflict with any
principle of law recognized in those eases.
The certificates under consideration as ele-
ments of proof do not rest solely upon any
real or pretended official sanction or authority
pertaining to the prothonotary or his office.
They are in fact and in law just such papers,
in the form of certificates attested by their
clerks, as the return .judges of the several dis-
tricts in each county are authorized and
Inquired to make, and cause to he taken and
produced by out; of their number in a meeting
of all the return judges of the congressional
district, for the purpose of there counting the
votes for Congress. The identity and accu-
racy of the papera in point of fact remain
unquestioned. And in the absence of antag-
onistic proof impeaching or discrediting them,
their apparent intrinsical completeness and
credibility raise them to the dignity of legal
evidence, conducing at least to show that the
votes east for members of Congress in the
elective districts referred to therein were
actually counted in the general return forCon-
gress. Moreover, when corroborated and for-
tified, as it is, by a chain of circumstances dis-
closed in the mass of parol evidence found in
this record from the respective counties, it
gathers force and presses upon the judgment
with the weight and power of proof.
8. It is not necessary to set forth the names
of alleged illegal voters in the notice of con-
test, nor in the notice to take testimony. (9
United States Statutes at-Large, 569; Wright
vs. Fuller, 2 Election Cases, 154; Vallandig-
ham vs. Campbell, 2 Election Cases, 229, over-
ruling; Eastonw. Scott, 1 Election Cases, 285,
contra.)
9. Sworn testimony is the only reliable test
whereby to try the alleged illegality of a vote
by secret ballot; and the mere admissions,
uncorroborated by competent evidence, of one
of the parties to the contest are entitled to no
consideration.
10. Evidence of statements or declarations
of the voter at the polls, while in the act of
voting a secret ballot, is clearly competent to
show for whom he voted.
11. Evidence of statements or declarations
of the voter, before or after voting a secret
ballot, is incompetent to show for whom he
voted.
12. Evidence by the voter that he asked for
a Republican or Democratic ticket (one or the
other according to the fact) with the intention
of voting it, and received a ticket from a per-
son notoriously of his own politics, and voted
it at an election by secret ballot for Federal
and State officers, is insufficient of itself to
prove that he voted for or against any one
individual candidate: especially when it is in
evidence that scratched tickets were voted.
13. The law presumes that judges and offi-
cers of election at the polls legally perform
their duty in all respects, and that all votes
received by them are prima facie legal votes;
and if a rote so received be assailed, the onus
probandi is upon the assailant to establish the
contrary with reasonable certainty.
14. A and B being rival candidates at an
election by secret ballot, B proves by other
witnesses that sundry persons who voted at a
specified voting place were not legal voters
and then proves by the voters themselves the
names and qualifications ot all whom he claims
voted for him.
These facts are too remote, circumlocutory
and isolated to authorize any judicial conclu-
sion as for whom those illegal votes were cast.
And such evidence is insufficient to prove that
the illegal votes were cast for A.
15. The judges and officers of election by
secret ballot, acting under oath, at the polls
receive the votes of sundry persons claiming
aud appearing to be qualified voters. B, one
of the candidates, proves by Z. a detective
employed by lnm, that he went into and over
that voting district and inquired for and-failed
to find those persons. This evidence is in-
sufficient for the reversal of the judicial^ find-
ing of the judges of election, and insufficient
to authorize the deduction of an equal num-
ber of votes from the count for B, the rival
, candidate. , .
Guided by these general propositions, and by
' the reasonings of the authorities cited else-
| where, the labyrinth ol more tnau seven hun-
dred pages of closely printed matter has been
patiently explored with the result disclosed
in the following tabular statement, to wit:
Benjamin F. Meyers received:
In the county of Adams   2,974
In the county of Franklin 4,164
In the county of Fulton     1,1S0
In the county of Bedford 2,745
In the county of Somerset 1,821
Total 12,837
John Cessna received:
In the county of Adams 2,652
In the county of Franklin  3,972
In the county of Fulton  716
In the county of Bedford  2,649
In the county of Somerset  2.760
 12,749
Majority for Benjamin F. Meyers  88
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SCOTT,
of pennsylvania,
In the Senate ok the United States,
March 15, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 173) to repeal the duties on salt-
Mr. SCOTT said:
Mr. President : Having presented an amend-
ment putting tea and coffee on the free list,
which, as the honorable Senator from Ohio, the
chairman of the Finance Committee states,
presents the turning-point to be decided upon
the bill now before the Senate, I claim indul-
gence while I submit the views which prompt
me to offer that amendment aud ask its adop-
tion.
The exhibit of our national finances made
by the Secretary of the Treasury demonstrates
that unless the current of business is disturbed
by some unforeseen cause we can in the next
fiscal year pay $50,000,000 toward the extinc-
tion of our national debt, and reduce taxa-
tion to an amount ranging between thirty-six
and fifty million dollars. To be more exact
upon this subject, let me submit a few figures.
In the Secretary's annual report the receipts
are estimated for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1873, at $359,000,000. The extraordinary
increase of imports has warranted an addition
to the estimate of receipts from customs of at
least $6,000,000. Let me state at this point
the exact increase over the estimate of the
customs to shows that there is very little
danger to be apprehended of the deficit of
which warning has been given in the House
of Representatives, and which has been so sat-
isfactorily met by the chairman of the Com-
mittee oil Finance.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his esti-
mates for the year ending June 30,1872, placed
the receipts from customs at $175,000,000.
For the eight months that have passed of that
fiscal year, the receipts, according to a table
furnished by the Commissioner of Customs,
are $145.453,170, making a monthly average
of $18,181,000. It that average be maintained
during the year, the receipts from customs,
instead of $175,000,000, as estimated, will be
$218,179,000, or an excess of $43,000,000
over the estimate.
The expenditures, including $50,000,000 to
be paid to the sinking fund and upon the na-
tional debt, are estimated at $323,025,773 99,
which would make the excess of receipts over
expenditures $42,974,220 01. I have added,
however, only $6,000,000 to the excess for
customs. The chairman has added, if I rec-
ollect his figures aright, $12,000,000 to the
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury.
