1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
now in this office who was engaged in the ' Oregon
branch" when the report was made, but from inform-
ation derived from Mr. Thomas J. Hobbs, who was
then a clerk in that branch, and is now the disburs-
ing clerk of this Department, itis supposed that the
packet containing the "Hathaway vouchers" was
misplaced, and was overlooked when the report was
being prepared. It is reasonably certain that Mr.
Atkinson never gave directions to omit them, and
never rendered any decision that they ought not to
be included ; for even while he continued to be Aud-
itor it was, as I am informed, a mystery to the clerks
in that branch why they had not been included in
the report; and certainly this would not have been
tho case if the omission had boon intentional and
in pursuance of some direction or decision by Mr.
Atkinson.
In my letter of May 14, 1870, it was my intention
to express my entire concurrence in the recommend-
ation of my predecessor (Hon. John Wilson) that
the amendment drafted by him, to provide for pay-
ment of those vouchers, be adopted.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALLAN RUTHERFORD, Auditor.
Hon. Joseph S. Smith,
tibbill JL'/uw, Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. CORBETT. The money is already
appropriated. It is simply in consequence of a
technicality that these and a few other claims
were not paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an
amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The amendment of the committee was to
add to the bill the following proviso :
Andprovidedfurther, That the claims which may
arise under this law shall be settled on tho same basis
as similar claims heretofore adjusted by the Third
Auditor, and that settlement or payment shall not
be made under this act in any case wherein it shall
appear that any person or party obtained an interest,
in whole or in part, in such case on account of any
assignment, transfer, power of attorney, or other
agreement executed after the 15th day of February,
1871; but this proviso shall not apply to any claim
which shall have changed hands after that date by
reason of tho death of any person or party interested
in such claim before said date.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " Third Auditor"
and inserting "Treasury Department," for
these claims go through two or three offices,
and I want to have the Treasury Department
responsible instead of the Third Auditor.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
text of the bill in the ninth line by striking
out the words " Third Auditor " and inserting
" proper officers of the Treasury Department,"
so that these claims will take the regular
course.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, in the tenth line.
I move to strike out the words " his office or
that may be presented" and insert the words
" that Department;" so that it will read, " all
claims on file in that Department." This is
an amendment of substance 
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS The amendments being
adopted, 1 will only say that I know nothing
about this bill, except that these Oregon war
claims have been heretofore the subject of dis-
cussion and reproach between parties ever
since 1856, and lam a little afraid that this bill
is likely to reopen questions that ought to have
been settled and were settled long ago ; but I
am not sufficiently advised about it to make
any successful opposition, I presume, to this
bill if 1 were to undertake it. I only call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that it is
reopening claims which were settled long ago,
and claims in respect to which it has been
frequently charged, and rarely denied, that
rather too much had been paid them. But, as
I said, I am not in possession of the facts.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to know what amount of money is in-
volved, and whether this is a Senate or House
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. It is a Senate bill, re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs
and recommended by the Department. The
money is already appropriated, and there is
no appropriation in the bill. It is simply to
remove a technical difficulty, and allow these
claims to be settled on the same basis that
others were settled; claims that are on file in
the Department, not allowed in consequence
of a technicality, they not having been re-
ported upon by the Third Auditor and the
commission.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. The ques-
tion, how much money is involved, is not
answered by the Senator.
Mr. CORBETT. About sixty-five thousand
dollars in all.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill relative to the
appointment of a labor commission is before
the Senate as the unfinished business.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope we may have a vote.
T ask for five minutes to pass this bill or have
a vote upon it. Let it be passed or rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. If it can be passed without
debate, I have no objection.
Mr. CORBETT. I think there will be no
further objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I wish to
ask one other question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to passing over the regular order for the
purpose of seeing whether a vote can be taken
on this bill ?
Mr. CAMERON. I gave notice yesterday
that 1 would to-day at twelve o'clock ask the
Senate to go into executive session, and now
I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina is on the floor on the
unfinished business. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania object to the extension of time
for the bill of the Senator from Oregon?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the unfinished business will be
passed over without losing its place. The
Oregon bill is still before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. The Sen-
ator from Oregon said the money had been
appropriated. I should like to know where
ana how ?
Mr. CORBETT. When the report was
made by the Third Auditor the money was
appropriated to pay these claims, the amount
as reported on by him. The money appro-
priated has not been exhausted, and there are
a few claims on file that were not included in
the Third Auditor's report; but there is suffi-
cient money to pay them ; it requires no further
appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to know whether the bill is recommended
by the Department.
Mr. CORBETT. It is, by the Treasury
Department and by the' Secretary of War
also.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This claim is so much
larger than I supposed it was when I made
my suggestion, that I feel justified in occupy-
ing a moment of the time of the Senate about
it. I saw from the printed table which was
furnished by the Third Auditor that the foot-
ing of the list of claims there given as the
foundation for this bill was $17,000.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, I will explain that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And yet the Senator
now says he thinks it willgo up to $65,000.
Mr. CORBETT. There are two reports
referred to in the bill, and the Senator did
not stay at my desk long enough for me to
show him both reports. One report embraces
$17,421 73; the other is for $52,492 01. That
is to say, the Third Auditor says that if these
claims are settled on the same basis with the
other claims, there will be due these parties
that amount of money. These were claims
that were not included by the Third Auditor
in his report of $17,420. The others were
claims that were not reported on by the com-
mission, that were in the hands of our citizens
at the time the commission was sitting in
Oregon, and they did not present these claims
to the commission. They are on file in tho
Department, but there is no good reason
why these people should not receive pay the
same as though they had been reported on
by the commission, provided they are properly
proven, and they are paid at the same rate
that the other parties were paid, according
to the Third Auditor's report. These have
been on file some fifteen or seventeen years,
and I have been trying to get the bill up for
some time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Oregon how many times these claims since
1855, a period now of seventeen years, have
been presented for the consideration of Con-
gress ?
Mr. CORBETT. They never have been
presented before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have Just slept in
the Treasury Department, then, for seventeen
years?
Mr. CORBETT. They have, from fifteen
to seventeen years. I presume all the former
Delegates supposed they would be paid-there
without any trouble, and no one brought the
matter to the attention of Congress until a
short time ago. I think there was a bill in-
troduced by Mr. Smith, possibly, in the other
House for them. I am not positive about
that; but it has never been before the Senate
before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. SAWYER. I think it is evident that
this bill cannot be passed without great dis-
cussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
cannot take the Senator from Vermont off the
floor if he insists on his right to the floor.
As soon as he is through, the Chair will recog-
nize the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly should not
feel justified in preventing the Senator from
South Carolina calling for the regular order
if he wishes to do so. I am more and more
convinced, with all respect to my friend from
Oregon, who I know would not press any claim
he did not believe to be just, tbat we ought to
have a pretty careful inquiry and discussion
on this bill, which involves so much money,
before we pass it. It may be that some of
these claims, although the words "tbat may
be presented" have been stricken out of this
bill, have been very recently hunted up aud
filed in the Department, so that they are there
now, and the bill as it is now left would re-
quire a settlement and payment of all claims
that are in the Department now. It may be
that there are claims that have not been in the
Department for seventeen years.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state it is according
to this report which I have read, aud there
cannot be any more claims allowed but those
that may be on file in the Department, accord-
ing to this report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ThatI understand; that
is not the point. The point is that seventeen
years ago these asserted claims arose, if they
had any existence,' and it is said they were
filed in the Department at that time, and they
have slept there for a period of seventeen
years. Now, what I want to get at is whether
any part of the claims referred to have been
filed recently, within five years.
Mr. CORBKTT. After I introduced the
resolution, I requested the Third Auditor and
the Secretary of the Treasury to make an
inquiry as to these claims, how many there
were of them, and how much it would amount
to in case they were paid on the same basis as
those on file in his Department. There were
a few sent and placed on file in his Depart-
