TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
a man can come there friendless as I did, and
do as well as I have done at the bar and else-
where, they, too, may do likewise. Perhaps
I made a blunder in coming to this House;
but I do not intend to be denounced for it.
I know that I have been attacked because
I have always been, in season and out of
season, one of the advocates and the friends
of the poor, downtrodden communities of the
southern States. Four or five years ago I went
upon the Reconstruction Committee of this
House with my friend from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] We two were alone. And I strug-
gled there for those people at every point, as
he knows, through the Fortieth Congress ; and
the chairman of that committee, in the Forty-
First Congress, will bear witness to my fidelity
under him. The members of this House know
that I have devoted much time and labor cheer-
fully in that regard. For the last year 1 have
been a member of the committee charged with
investigating the condition of the "late insur-
rectionary States." That committee has been
wandering all over the country, spreading a
drag-net, as it were, for calumnies against the
southern people. I have tried to shield them
■whenever I could from their xnaligners. That
is "the head and front of my offending;"
that is the field in which my efforts are to be
made of no avail, and the men against whom
it is known I will unite with my colleagues
on the committee in exposing have hoped to
destroy me in advance of the conflict.
My family ties bind me to the grand old
State of Virginia. I love the people of the
South, and I will stand by them as long as I
have a voice to speak ; when theyare maligned,
slandered, or oppressed, if I fail to strike a
blow or say a word for them may my right arm
wither and my tongue cleave to the roof of
my mouth. I will be found in my place always
honestly and fairly defending them.
Mr. Speaker, I meant no disrespect to the
Senate of the United States in any expressions
I made use of, although I was properly called
to order the other day. I have a veneration
still for the Senate of the United States. I
consider it as the most honorable body upon
earth. . I know of none like it in the world in
dignity and power. Any man of ambition
may well aspire to go there. I have so aspired
simply because some of my people said they
were going to vote for me. I never asked any
mortal man to vote for me. Circumstances
seemed to require another gentleman to be
sent; yet it is now thrown up against me that
I have aspired to the United States Senate,
which it is assumed I have denounced. Sir,
every man here would like to be a member of
that body. I venture to assert that there is
not a member of this House who does not
want to go to the Senate. If I should ever be
so fortunate, I want to go there among a body
of honorable men; it is an honorable body;
the most honorable upon earth. And when I
spoke of some of those southern Governors,
all of whom are candidates for the Senate,
using every foul means in their power, by dis-
franchisement, bribery, loyal leagues, and
everything else to get there, I was not reflect-
ing upon the Senate, and did not intend to do
so. If anything I said looked like a reflection
I apologize for it here and now, and retract it;
for I never intended anything of the kind. I
simply protested against men being allowed to
go there whose conduct ought to send them to
the penitentiary.
Why, sir, the great men of the world have
been there; Clay has been there, Webster has
been there, Crittenden has been there, Silas
Wright has been there, Calhoun has been
there. Their memories make it a sacred place.
It was not to reflect on them, not to reflect on
the Senate, but when I saw vultures seeking to
sit in the eagle's nest I protested against the
outrage. I want to.keep that Senate pure; I
want it to be constituted of men representing
great constituencies, not of men who force
themselves into it at the point of the bayonet,
or by fraud, corruption, chicanery, or ostra-
cism of any sort. Mr. Speaker, that is the
way I look at it. That is the way I felt about
it when I spoke on a previous occasion, and
that is the way I feel about it now. I thank
the House kindly for its attention.
ORDER of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness having been called for, the morning hour
now begins, at twenty-three minutes after one
o'clock, and reports are now in order from the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the fifteen
minutes of the morning hour occupied by the
Committee of Claims last Friday be not counted
against that committee.
The SPEAKER. At two o'clock, as the
gentleman is aware, the Committee for the
District of Columbia is entitled to the floor.
However, by unanimous consent, an agree-
ment can be made by which that committee
will postpone taking the floor until a later
period of the day, so that the Committee of
Claims may have, this morning, its full hour.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. There is no ob-
jection on the part of the Committee for the
District of Columbia to the Committee of
Claims having its full hour this morning, if
our committee can then have the remainder
of the day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not, as
we expect to take up the diplomatic appro-
priation bill and pass it to-day. I do not
object, however, if it will not consume too
much time.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
Committee of Claims having a full hour this
morning?
Mr. HOAR. There is so much noise and
confusion in the House that I have not been
exactly able to hear theproposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan, chairman of the Committee of
Claims, desires that a full hour this morning
shall be accorded the Committee of Claims.
-The Committee for the District of Columbia
has waived its right to take up its business
at two o'clock, and will consent to the Com-
mittee of Claims having its full hour this
morning.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have also asked
unanimous consent that the fifteen minutes
which the committee had in the morning hour
of last Friday shall not be counted against that
committee.
Mr. HOAR. I object to the arrangement
entirely.
NAOJII A. STEVEN'S.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1545) for the relief of Naomi A. Stevens, of
Jackgon county, Michigan; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to reissue and de-
liver to Naomi A. Stevens, of Jack son county,
Michigan, obe six per cent, coupon bond of
the denomination of $500, in lieu of one de-
stroyed by fire, issued under the act of June
30, 1864, No. 10151, redeemable in five and
payable in twenty years from date, with cou-
pons attached from and including tliat of May,
1868. The Secretary of the Treasury isdirected
to take such bond and security to indemnify
the Government against the presentation of
the same for redemption as he may deem
necessary and sufficient.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASA M. miMBLK.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
585) for the relief of Asa M. Trimble, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymas-
ter General of the Army to allow and pay to
Asa M. Trimble, late first lieutenant and regi-
mental quartermaster of the sixty-fifth Ohio
volunteer infantry, out of the appropriation for
the pay of the Army, the difference between
the pay of quartermaster sergeant and that
of second lieutenant and regimental quarter-
master, from the 1st day of May, 1862, to the
9th day of October, 186*2, inclusive, he having
actually acted in the capacity of such second
lieutenant and regimental quartermaster dur-
ing that time, and having received therefor
only the pay of a quartermaster sergeant.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT M'KEE.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back the bill (H.
R. N<a. 861) directing the payment to Robert
McKee of the pay, allowances, and bounty
now withheld from him; and moved that the
same be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE II. RUPP.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1516)
for the relief of George H. Rupp ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to George
H. Rupp, of Ohio, or his legal representa-
tives, out of any money in the Treasury
Department not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $100, which payment shall be in full
of his olaim for loss of United States Pay-
master Vrooman's check No. 4713, stolen
from the United States mails, but never pre-
sented for payment; provided that before
the payment of the above-named sum the
Secretary of the Treasury shall require from
the said George H. Rupp a sufficient bond of
indemnity against the future presentation of
the above-named check.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsidcr
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DANIEL M. PAGE.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 692)
for the relief of Daniel M. Page, late first
lieutenant of the thirty-e:ghth United States
infantry.
The question was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to allow and credit to Daniel M. Page, late
first lieutenant thirty-eighth United States in-
fantry, the sum of $420 public money of the
subsistence department, stolen from said officer
at Fort Bayard, New Mexico, on 23d Decem-
ber, 1868, without fault or negligence on his
part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
