1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
shall renew the amendment in regard to inter-
nal taxes.
Mr. HILL. And I shall offer an amend-
ment to reduce the taxes on stills and licenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it will be in
order to make salt free without notice; if not,
I give the notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It certainly will
be after the bill shall have been reported to
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I give notice that in case the
original bill is proposed again, I will move to
put tea at five cents and coffee at one cent.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I renew the
motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-eight minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 26, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HARBOR OP NEW YORK.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey be requested to furnish the
House of Representatives with a copy of the chart
nnd report of the damage done to the harbor of New
York, made for the use of the New York harbor
commissioners.
IIARBOR OF OGDENSBUliG.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved that the
Committee on Commerce be discharged from
the further consideration of papers in relation
to dredging the harbor of Ogdensburg, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent,
reported Irom the Committee on the Public
Lands a bill (H. R. No. 2117) to secure the
public lands to actual settlers ; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be piinted
and recommitted.
BALTIMOKK AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now resume the
consideration of the bill of the House No.
2057, coming over from Friday last as unfin-
ished business, being a bill to confirm the
action of the board of aldermen and common
council of the city of Washington designating
a depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, and for other purposes.
1 he pending question is upon seconding the
previous question upon orderiug the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. POTTER. Pending the vote on that
question, I desire to ask the gentleman who
has charge of this bill [Mr. Starkweather]
if he intends to allow amendments to be
offered and discussed and voted upon?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As the bill and
the proposed amendments are printed 
Mr. POTTER. But the amendments are
not pending.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As the amend-
ments have been printed, a vote upon second-
ing the previous question will substantially
be a vote on the merits of the bill and pro-
posed amendments. Many of the proposed
amendments are of such a character as to be
in direct antagonism with the bill, and if they
are received and adopted, of course it will be
equivalent to authorizing the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company to control not- only
their present depot accommodations, but the
depot accommodations of this road, which has
now made this outlay of $5,000,000. and is
ready and anxious to construct this depot at
once.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has the gen-
tleman any objection to allowinganamendment
to be voted on that will provide for some place
in this city for a Union depot building, which
will accommodate all railroads, and to which
all railroads shall come, those now here a.nd
those hereafter to come here, instead of taking
up one road and giving it a place, and then
taking each other road when it comes and
giving it another place ? That is what I want.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will reply to
the gentleman. Here is a road already built
which wants a depot. There is no other road
built and ready but what has a depot. The
Baltimore and Ohio railroad came before us
with no plans, but within a day or two I have
seen a map for tunneling directly in front of
the Capitol and coming out somewhere on the
flat below. But when that company was before
us the evidence showed thatthere was no room
for accommodating two railroads there. There
is the Point Lookout road, and some other
road ; they have not asked for any arrangment
of this kind for themselves, but they are ask-
ing for depot accommodations in another part
of the city. Now, what I say is this: this Balti-
more and Potomac railroad having come here
by invitation, the city having voted them this
right, the- Commissioner on Public Buildings
and Grounds having come before the commit-
tee and said that this connection can be made
without damage to any party, no other com-
pany having perfected any other plan, no other
company having asked for this but the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad, which is already ac-
commodated, we ought not to postpone this
road .which needs this accommodation now,
until the Baltimore and Ohio railroad can
make the tunnel they now propose, which will
take one or two years.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. _ Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. The question I want to ask
is this: when this road was authorized by
Congress to be built; when it expended its
$5,000,000, did it not have an authorized
place for a depot upon the present locality,
where it is now authorized to build a depot?
Did it not get its act of incorporation with
that stipulation in it? Did it not expend its
money upon that stipulation, and has it not
the right to-day to build a depot at a point
upon the Seventh street railroad as near to
Pennsylvania avenue as any other railroad
ever had the right to come ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will answer the
gentleman. When this railroad company was
chartered it was authorized to come through
by a tunnel in the direction in which it is com-
ing. The company then contemplated having
a depot on the Island at some considerable dis-
tance from the central part of the city. In
the immediate neighborhood, however, of the
location then contemplated a large public
school building has been erected, and the trus-
tees of that school, as well as the public, ask
for this change of locatiou. The Legislative
Assembly of the city of Washington made
this grant, so far as it had the right to make it,
unanimously, This matter has been examined
by the eommittee with reference to the accom-
modation of the public and the interference
with the school building which has been erect-
ed, and all the evidence shows that a change
from the location formerly authorized will not
only better accommodate the public, but will
prevent interferences which would be prejudi-
cial to the school interests and the public gen-
erally.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know why the gen-
tleman speaks ol a public school-house there,
when it has been started since we authorized
this road to put up its depot there.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It is sufficient
for me to say that the city government author-
ized the change. The officers having charge
of the public grounds have come before us
and testified that the change is desirable; the
trustees of the public schools have given the
same testimony. Leading business men have
sent their petitions to us asking this change.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who is opposing it?
That is what I want to know.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Except a few
gentlemen, who state that perhaps some inter-
est connected with the public grounds will be
interfered with, the opposition comes mainly
from the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. DAWES. I have never seen any agent
or official of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Two years ago I stood here trying to preserve
thepublic park for future use ; and in the midst
of that struggle there comes in this proposi-
tion from the people of the District. In one
breath they ask ior great appropriations to
beautify the Distiict, and in another they
undertake to give away the lands of the Dis-
trict for railroad purposes.
Mr. DICKEY. Why did the gentleman
oppose the appropriation for a park two years
ago?
Mr. DAWES. Why did I oppose it ? Be-
cause the time had not come for it.
Mr. DICKEY. It never will come if the
gentleman can have his way.
Mr. DAWES. It never will come if such
measures as this are to be sanctioned.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I make, ofcourse,
no complaint in regard to the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I do not believe that he is
influenced by any railroad company. I make
no such intimation. But I do say that nine
tenths of the entire opposition to giving the pub-
lic the accommodations which they seek and
which they have asked through their officials,
through their Legislative Assembly, through the
officerhaving charge of the public buildings and
grounds, through the school trustees, and
through their leading citizens, comes from the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, which
now has ample depot accommodations, and
only wishes to block this other company, which
to-day is ready to go forward and accommo-
date the public. Nine tenths of all the opposi-
tion developed here to-day is from that rival
company, which is attempting to control this
whole business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why does not the
gentleman call the previous question ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. So far as regards
the gentleman from Massachusetts and other
gentlemen who may wish to beautify the pub-
lic grounds, there is ample opportunity for
them to do so. Let them do away with these
corner grog-shops which, almost at the very
doors of the Capitol, have stared us in the
face for the last thirty years, before they go a
mile away to reclaim a bog. Let them do
that before they undertake to declare that all
those using this road shall be sent away over
on the Island, where there can be no proper
accommodations. Why, does not the gentle-
man know that members could not wade there,
but would have to use a scow-boat in order to
get across? Talk about beautifying those
grounds! Why, sir, we have a mile bevond
running down to the President's House," and
no one now makes complaint.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And therefore
we are to give them away to these raiiroad
corporations. •
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The public are
getting ten times as much as this railroad
company is getting.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut will allow me to make a
•assertion which I think will obviate any fur-
ther dispute in the House on this subject.
Mr. I> ARNSWORTH, I hope the gentle-
man will call the previous question.
. Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think t
vious question ought to be called,
: the pre'
