2876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Senate must be disposed of. That is the view
1 take of it.
I trust, therefore, Senators will not find
" Gorgons, and hydras, and chimeras dire"
in a simple proposition like this, but will look
at it as a business proposition. If it is adopted
now, next session, if it does not work satis-
factorily. [ l'or one will agree to vote against,
it, but 1 believe that when this pioposition is
onct- applied to amendments to appropriation
bills, no Senator on either side of the House
will desire to be rid of it. hut it will be adopted
session after session as a gradual improvement
in our rules tending to expedite the public
business, and save us from the wearisome, long
delays of night sessions at the close of the
session.
Mr. STEWART. I simply want to remark
that I heartily concur in what the Senator
from Ohio has just been saying. My observa-
tion lias taught me that we have spent, the
time in arguing small and immaterial ques-
tions, frequently up to the period of adjourn-
ment, and then for the last day or two import-
ant matters £jo through without any onpor
tunity of discussing them at all. Everybody
sees, the whole country knows, that the last
two or three days of a session are liable to all
sorts of legislation on appropriation bil's, and
in every other way in irregular form, for the
reason that we do not have time to discuss
them; the time has been previously occupied
with unimportant bills. If there could be more
business-like order about this thing, if the
Senate had powei to cut off irrelevant debate
so as to give us time to see to the legislation,
1 think there would he much less harm done.
1 heartily concur in this, and 1 think the Senate
ought to have the power to limit debate by
some form of previous question, so that the
lime inay be distributed according to the sense
of the majority of the Senate upon all import-
ant questions, so that they could all come
under review and not be thrown through here
for want of time to consider them.
1 do not think it should be in the power of
one or two men to oeeupy the time on some-
thing that the majority ol the Senate regards
as unimportant, and thereby force the major-
ity to pass bills that they have no time to con-
sider. That is particularly so at the short,
session, and it is often the case at the long
session, almost always after the day for
adjournment is fixed. Everybody then feels
the importance of disposing of the public
business. If the time has been spent on irrel-
evant matter against the sense of a majority
of the Senate, that majority that have stood
by and seen this done without any power to
stop it must vote for crude legislation that
they would not vote for if they had time to
point out its defects. Bills go through that,
you do not have any opportunity to read on
the last night of the session. Conference
committees come in here with reports that it
will take a day to read, and you have to take
them without any consideration. Often im-
portant legislation conies from conference
committees; we hear complaints about it at.
the next session because laws that nobody
understood had ever been passed are found on
the statute-book ; and it all results from time
being consumed on irrelevant matter. There
is time enough if we conduct our business in
an orderly way and divide the time in any
reasonable manner ; and I do believe there is
sense of propriety enough in the majority of
the Senate never to cut off debate on import-
ant matters. I believe the Senate can be
trusted to judge whether the matter is im-
portant or not, and whether time should be
extended to it or not, and that they must
judge of it, because the country is getting so
large your crude legislation will continue to
increase, if you do not have rules that will
allow the sense of the majority to control our
proceedings and reduce them to regular order
that we can see the whole body of legislation.
Mr. STEVENSON. TheSenatorfrom Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] is greatly mistaken if he sup-
poses that i have any personal interest in the
rejection of this rule. 1 have occupied very
little of the time of the Senate since I have
had a seat in this Chamber. I agree most
cordially in a good deal that has fa'len from
the Senator from Ohio as to the delay of the
public business, but, I should like to ask that
Senator, with fifty-seven Republican Senators
in this Chamber, and withbutseventeen Demo-
cratic Senators, why the prevailing abuses
which he characterizes with so much clearness
and so much truth have not been long since
remedied by the adoption of rules confining
amendments io impropriation bills to matters
germane to such measures?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the minority, the
Democrats, to use the Senator's own phrase,
will vote for that, proposition. 1 think I can
get enough others to do so to carry it ; but
they have always opposed it heretofore.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will pledge myself
to support, the proposed amendment whenever
the Senator offers it.. I think the record of
the Senate will sustain the utterance I am
about to make, that whenever the question of
order has been raised on any incongruous
amendment to an appropriation or deficiency
bill as not germane to the bill, that question has
been sustained with great, unanimity on this
side of the Chamber, while the irrelevant
amendment has been generally put on the bill
by the vote of the dominant majority in the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. My own impression is
that that, depends entirely on what the amend-
ment is. I remember tlial my honorable friend
from Kentucky only the other day offered an
amendment on the deficiency bill to pay to the
State of Kentucky live or six hundred thousand
dollars on some claim that bad been rejected
finally by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
certainly he did not vote to lay that on the
table.
Mr. President, this is not a party question.
These amendments to appropriation bilis do
not depend upon party. Very rarely are the
amendments of a political character. The
amendments that ate put upon appropriation
bills are mainly of a money character, and
members vote according to the interests of
their constituents, or according to their sense
of what is right and just.
Mr. S TEVENSON. It is true, T did offer
what I believed was a legitimate amendment
to the deficiency bill, it, was a claim which
had been audited by the War Department and
the accounting officers of the Treasury, and
which the arbitrary conduct of the Secretary
of the Treasury alone prevented the State of
Kentucky from realizing. I should like to
inquire if that amendment, audited and passed
upon, and for which a warrant was drawn,
was not germane and a legitimate amendment
to the deficiency bill ?
But it was not to that ch iractcr of amend-
ment that I referred. Upon this very defi
cieney bill a quasi naturalization law has been
added. The question of order was raised as
to whether the naturalization of certain per-
sons in Oregon was a legitimate subject to be
attached to the deficiency bill, and the amend
ment was sustained against the vote of every
Democratic Senator. So I might pa^s to the
Morrill amendment, and to the civil rights
bill of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner.] to the amnesty bill,
which the minority attempted to exclude as
notgermane to the bills to which they were pro-
posed as amendments, but we were overruled.
Many weeks were spent in the discussion of
these incongruous measures, but the record
will show that the minority were not responsi-
ble. The dominant majority are alone re-
sponsible. The record shows that their votes
have been thrown always in favor of amend-
ments which were not germane to the bill.
But when the honorable Senator from Ohio
and others on his side of the Chamber per-
ceived that so much time was wasted upon
amendments that are not germane, why have
they not proposed a rule confining all amend-
ments to appropriation bills to those that were
geimane ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose I might answer
that, by saying for the same reason that the
Democrats- in the sixty years that the Senator
referred to awhile ago, did not propose any
such rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will par-
don me a moment, I will state to him that a
committee of this much-abused majority of
the Senate reported a rule substantially and
exactly of that character about, two years ago,
and the very men who are now voting against
this little rule to get on with one or two bills,
together with the body of the Democrats, as
1 recollect, although I speak now after two
years, put it aside and refused to pass it
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the honorable
Senator from Vermont while he is up tell me
when he saw that report from the Secretary
of the Navy, which he assures us has been
made, giving us the amount of the sales of
ships and naval stores during the past five
years
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not understand the
question my friend addressed to me.
Mr. STEVENSON. In a few remarks [
made when first up I said I was not aware that
the information called for from the Navy De-
partment had yet been received. The honor-
able Senator from Vermont said it had been
sent some three weeks ago, as I understood him,
to the House. I wish now to know from the
Senator whether he has seen that report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I have not; and I
do not mean to devote my time to seeing it, for
the reason that I have known enough about
the action of the Navy Department for the last
four or five years since I have been here to
make it to me entirely uninteresting reading,
because I know that the Navy Department has
behaved itself with propriety. Let those who
wish to pick a flaw somewhere, if they can,
devote themselves to that kind of reading.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is not the point.
I did not say a word about picking a flaw in
the operations of the Navy Department. I
spoke of a matter of fact in illustration of the
danger of the adoption of this rule I hypothe-
cated a case of a report from some of these
Departments, and by way of illustration I
stated thatcertain information had been called
lor from the Navy Department, which as far
as 1 knew had not yet been communicated,
and that information was as to what had be-
come of millions upon millions of dollars for
which the public vessels and naval stores of
this Government, had been sold. My distin-
guished friend from Vermont said that that
report had been made three weeks ago to the
House of Representatives, as I understood him.
I have sent to the document-room, and they
say that no such report has yet reached the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My information is only
that which I derive from the newspapers. Un-
less I am very greatly mistaken, having heard
ot the subject in the committee of which my
friend and I are members, within two orthree
days after the matter was spoken of in com-
mittee I saw in a newspaper the statementthat
this report was made to the House of Rep-
resentatives with the explanation of its ha ving
been delayed on account of the great amount
of clerical force required to he devoted to
bringing together the information desired. It
may be that I am entirely mistaken ; but such
is my recollection.
But I will say to my friend, if he will par-
don me, because I do not wish to provoke the
prolongation of this debate, that this rule has
no application to that question eiiher way, for
the reason that it does not undertake to pre-
vent unlimited and illimitable debate upon the
general provisions of any appropriation bill,
naval or otherwise, or upon any specific pro*
