188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
rency of the Government from the beginning,
and to exercise the power of sending for per-
sons and papers in carrying out that specific
inquiry.
On the theory of Senators who have advo-
cated this general resolution, that was an
entirely unnecessary thing for the Senate to
do ; but it is obvious that the Senate long ago
had come to the sober conclusion that, except
in the extreme emergency of 1866, it was not
wise or right to have any committee exercise
the general power, and over all topics, of
sending for persons and papers at their dis-
cretion upon any matter that they chose to
investigate. Therefore, and without any oppo-
sition, and as a fit and proper matter of course,
we were from time to time directed (and in
this instance in particular which is in my mind,
to make this investigation into the money
affairs of the Treasury Department) with
authority to send for persons and papers. And
let me add in reference to the number of things
that any one committee in this body can do
that that one investigation occupied that com-
mittee nearly six months with ever constant
labor, in order to make a thorough and com-
plete investigation. Were all the other com-
mittees on every other topic to stop in the
meantime? It shows the absurdity of this
method of generalization.
But I am occupying, sir, too much of your
time altogether. J have thought it right that
we should look back once in awhile and see
the stake, as the surveyors would say, from
which we started. Now, I come—and then I
believe I shall apologize for having spoken so
long and sit down—to the land of Canaan,
which is the object of all good men's desires.
My honorable friend from Illinois in speaking
of the gross abuses in this Government, one
in Kentucky and one somewhere else and
another in the land of Canaan, which requires
the immediate appointment of this committee
with these remarkable powers, told us that he
had a letter from there from one of my con-
stituents which showed a state of things which
required this investigation of public abuses,
and he promised me that I might read the
letter if I would not have the man turned out
of office for writing it. I beg to tell my hon-
orable friend from Illinois in the first place
that it is not my habit, whatever may be the j
habit of other Senators, to ask that anybody i
be turned out of office or turned in. The !
instance is not to be found  I
Mr. TRUMBULL, The Senator does not j
state what I said; of course, he does not.
intend to misstate me. I do not think I said
that he should not have him turned out. I
Mr. EDMUNDS. You did, I think. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I meant to say that the
writing of the letter should not expose him to
being turned out, that the Senator should ;
protect him from being turned out. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will. The only trouble i
about that is that he seems to have been turned j
out over three months ago, which may possi- j
bly account for his dissatisfaction at the state |
of the public service. [Laughter.] I will not I
promise to have him turned back again, but I !
will read his letter, leaving out the name, be- ;
cause perhaps he would not like to have his ;
name mentioned. Nevertheless, J will be I
guided as to that by my friend from Illinois: 1
" Canaan, Essex Corxi i. Vhkmont. :
December 12, 1871, '
"Hon. Lyman Trumbull, V. S. &notor.
" Dear Sir: I commend you very much'"—
So far I agree with my constituent. [Laugh- :
ter]— !
"for your effort to revive the Committee on Re- ■
trenchmentand Reform, for I know there is great <
need,of it, from iny own observation, having had i
charge of tiie custom-houie at thb place from 1819
to 18o3 — j
That was four years—
" and then from 1863 ty 1871."
That was nine years more. Here is a public
officer of thirteen years, a deputy collector 
Mr. CONKLING. Fourteen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be fourteen; I
will not stand about a year—
" My observation is that twenty per cent, of the
force employed in the customs department may be
dispensed with, and a large improvement made in
the remainder. There are now two deputy collectors
here at a pay of some $2,000, besides other expenses,
when the entries do not average three per week,
and thore is now no smuggling this way. I had only
$360 per annum and no assistant until 1867, although
one was needed after the tax was put so high on
liquors/'
[Laughter.]
I trust, Mr. President, the Senate will treat
my constituents and this subject with proper
gravity. [Laughter.] I insist upon that.
"Some three years ago my salary was raised to
©00, and when I went out in August my successor
was given $1,000, and furnished an office and wood
and lights and stationery and postage, etc."
Isupposethe " etc." means liquor. [Laugh-
ter.]
"All of which I found myself free to the Govern-
ment, having town and law business here and there
being so little labor for the customs for the two
years past that I could afford it. Besides, there is
an inspector of customs at Colebrook"—
In the State of New Hampshire. I think that
it ought to be abolished at once, [laughter]—
" eight miles from here at a salary of four dollars
per day, with nothing whatever to do. He is ex-
pected to aid the officers here. I know that his
office is a perfectsineeure.from my large experience
in the business."
I think my friend from Illinois will do me
and my State the justice to see now when
the letter is read that these abuses are in the
State of New Hampshire and not in the State
of Vermont; for my constituent, although
turned out of office, says that the office which
is not needed is over in New Hampshire and
not in our State. I was quite sure there could
not be any unnecessary office in Vermont.
"To be sure these sums are small; but they prove
beyond question that the spirit of economy does not
prevail as it should in the revenue service; and it
does not prevail elsewhere, so far as my observation
goes, in this State, in New Hampshire, and in Maine,
and what is true in these places is more abundantly
true in the large cities.
"Again, notwithstanding all that the Administra-
tion talks in behalf of reform in the civil service, it
is not carried out in removals and selections."
On which subject, you see, my constituent
could speak feelingly; the wrong man was
removed in his case.
"Let an officer speak against Grant's renomination,
and what is his term worth ? No matter how able,
experienced, and upright he is, he must go out and
a mere party hack take his place. The Republican
party has done great things which will stand out
nobly on the page of history; but it must retrench
and it must reform the civil service, or it will de-
servedly perish. I would not have troubled you with
this letter," &c.
Perhaps it is not necessary to read that, as it
is personal.
"P. S.—There is absolutely nothing more than for
one customs officer to do here, and the other one
should be discharged."
There, Mr. President, is this important let-
ter which my friend flourished with such a
gravity before this body, and at me, as show-
ing the extent to which the corruptions and
unnecessary holding of offices had gone in this
Government. Here is a worthy and respect-
able gentleman living up in the northeast corner
of Vermont, where three or four roads corne
in from the British dominions, and where the
introduction of goods is carried on by teams,
and where every road is necessarily a place
through which people come, who, having held
office for thirteen or fourteen years, found last
August that his services were no longer required,
and that some fresh hand at the bellows should
be brought in, and now he writes to my hon-
orable friend to say that that is great proof to
him that the civil service needs reform, espe
cially in respect to removals from office. I
have no doubt he thinks so.
I have a high respect for my constituent,
and I think he believes every word that he
says: but I will mention for the information
of my honorable friend from Illinois that my
constituent has got the sum to which his suc-
cessors are entitled and which they are paid
about double what the fact is ; but perhaps a
speech or a letter ought not to be spoiled for
that reason. He has stated tho compensation
of inspectors of customs up there at about
twice what the Treasury Department allows
them ; but of course the Senate does not want
to be detained to-night ou the question of
whether it is suitable to have two deputy col-
lectors or inspectors of customs on the bor-
der of New Hampshire and Vermont or one.
That will be a matter which I trustwill engage
the earliest attention of this committee that I
hope we are about to raise.
I should not have said what I have about
this matter at all, but for (he fact that my con-
stituent and my State seemed to be brought
into this question of public reform. I can as-
sure my friend from Illinois that we are all for
reform up there. A celebrated Irish orator
once said about one of his constituents that he
was '' all for love and a little for the bottle;''
and so we are all for reform and a little for
Republicanism, and ive have a notion up in
that direction—and I am sure my friend agrees
with it—that it is not quite the thing for a mi-
nority of Republicans to accuse tre majority
who wish to do a thing in a little different
way from that in which they want to do it, with
being op.posed to it altogether, or to try to make
the country think so.
Now, my friend from Illinois wil! do those
of us who happen to be in the majority the
justice to believe that we are just as much in
favor of investigation and of reform as most
people are; I will not say as he is, because
perhaps we cannot measure our zeal by his
just now at this season of the year; but in
general I think he will agree to that. It is not,
however, perhaps quite what we deserve, to say
that because we happen to be in a majority we
are overriding the just and equal rights of men
in proposing to investigate all abuses through
a standing committee with the same powers
that his standing committee has, or more, if it
will please my friend, instead of doing it in
exactly his way of a select, special, concur-
rent committee of the two Houses, with power
to sit in the recess, to send for persons and
papers, without any direction from either body
as to what they are to send for persons and
papers for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. We had better adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Akthoxy]
does not like to adjourn yet, and I think it
would be a pity to adjourn after all these sharp
points we have had from the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. WILSON. Wait till morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I think we might
as well take up these large questions upon
which he has dwelt at such considerable length.
More, he has read a private letter which he
begged me to hand to him, and which I did not
think it proper to read to the Senate. He has
given us a lecture on the propriety of caucuses,
and what he understands gentlemen should do.
I suppose it is entirely within the purview of
gentlemanly conduct to ask another person for
a letter which he did not think it proper to read,
and then get up and read it in the Senate. I
think that lecture upon the proprieties of gen-
tlemanly conduct came very well from a per-
son who would pursue such a course iu the
Senate. And then he proceeded to make fun
and ,«port of the letter of one of his constituents,
who states that there are two men employed
at his own town where there is absolutely
nothing for more than one to do, and then to
,state that it related to somebody ni New Hamp-
shire. I suppose that comports with a fair
treatment of the letter, in the estimation of
the honorable Senator from Vermont. Further,
he dwelt at great length upon a preamble that
was adopted in I860, and strove to create the
impression before this Senate, and have it go
out to the country, that the Retrenchment Com-
mittee had been got up in consequence of that
