1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jay kling.
Mr. FOSTBE, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported adversely on the petition
in the case of Jay Kling, and moved that the
same do lie on the table, and that the report
of the committee in the ease be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
iienry a. messenger.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1547)
for the relief of Henry A. Messenger ; which,
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a duplicate of coupon
bond numbered 14033 for $1,000,'issued under
the act of March 3, 1803, and payable in 1881,
to Henry A. Messenger, upon proof satis-
factory to the Secretary of the loss of the
original and upon the said Henry A. Messen-
ger giving bond with sufficient surety to indem-
nify the United States against any loss result-
ing therefrom.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
oswego distillery company.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also from the same
committee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
638) for the relief of the Oswego Distillery Com-
pany, of Oswego, New York, and moved that
the bill be laid on the tahle, and that the
report accompanying it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
henry clay williams.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also from the same
committee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 752)
to appropriate to Henry Clay Williams a sum
of money found due him in ihe adjustment of
his accounts.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates to
Henry Clay Williams the sum of $500, the
same being a balance found due him upon the
adjustment of his accounts as receiver at the
land office at Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed^ for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it'was
accordingly read the third time, aud passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles hipp.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (II. R. No.
1262) for the relief of Charles Hipp, of St.
Mary, Auglaize county, Ohio.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bilj., which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Charles Hipp,
postmaster of St. Mary, Auglaize county,
Ohio, the sum of $391 88, $120 of said sum
being postage stamps on hand deposited with
him as such postmaster for sale, and $271 88
being cash on hand derived from the money-
order business of said office, which was stolen
on the night of Jane 16, 1871, by some person
or persons unknown, who burglariously entered
the said office and forced the iron safe in which
the said money and stamps were deposited by
blowing it open with gunpowder.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid oa
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
11. nelson gere.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back with an amendment,
and with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of R.
Nelson Gere.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of War to cancel the contract entered into by
K. Nelson Gere, of the city of Syracuse, New
York, in the year 1871, for the building of a
breakwater in the hfirbor of Oswego, in the
said St&te of New York, and to release the
said Gere therefrom; and it further directs the
Secretary of War to ascertain the value of the
work already performed by the said Gere, and
pay him therefor such additional compensa-
tio'n above the contract price as he shall deem
just aud equitable.
The oommittee reported an amendment to
strike out the last provision of the- bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third,
time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved lo reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin t. watson.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. 11. No. 1548) for
the relief of John T. Watson, of Cincinnati,
Ohio ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to John T. Watson,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, the sum of $3,5*62, in
full compensation for his expenditures and
losses in rescuing United States officers and
soldiers from the disaster of the steamboat
Sultana, destsoyed by fire on the night of April
26, 1805, on the Mississippi river.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read, the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; a«d also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jacob ii. el a.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. II. No. 1549) for
the relief of Jacob H. Ela; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to adjust and settle
the account of Jacob H. Ela, late United
States marshal for the district of New Hamp-
shire, and pay him such sum as shall be found
justly due for transporting three rebel lieu-
tenants of the Navy from the African squad-
ron for the suppression of the slave trade
from Portsmouth, New Hampshire, to Fort
La Fayette, out of the fund for the suppres-
sion of the siave trade.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, andpagsed. -
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTIN WAIKINS.
Mr. STRONG also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back-, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1544)
for the relief of Martin Watkins, of East Wind-
sor, Connecticut. " ' '
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. ■
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury tb issue two new
bonds of fifty dollars each, with coupons from
date of January 1, 1869, to Martin Watftrhs,
of East Windsor, Connecticut, in place of'two
coupon bonds of- fifty dollars each,-numbered
28560 and 28561, respectively, upder act! of
March 3, 1865, and issue of 1867, which said
bonds above named were destroyed by flood ;
provided, that before issuing the new bonds
the Secretary of the Treasury shall require a
sufficient bond of indemnity securing the Gov-
ernment against the presentation of the bonds
alleged to have been destroyed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed'.'
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider :be laid oh the
table. '
The latter motion viras agreed to.
DR. JOIIN F. IIANKS.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1550) for
the relief of the estate of Dr. John F. Hanks ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to James M. Hanks,
administrator of the estate of Dr. John F.
Hanks, the sum of $1,729, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
being so much money belonging to Dr. John
F. Hanks, and which was, ia the month of
August, 1863, on deposit in the Louisiana
State Bank of New Orleans, and received
from said bank by Colonel S. B. Holabird, by
order of Major General Banks, (Colonel Hol-
abird then being chief quartermaster,) and
afterward covered into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a brief
statement in reference to this claim, and I am
glad to see the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] in his, seat. In 1863, under the
order of General Banks, the moneys oh deposit
in the vai-ious banks of New Orleans were
taken in charge by the military authorities,
and something over twenty-eight thousand dol-
lars was taken from the Bank of the State of
Louisiana at New Orleans, and, as is shown
by the papers in the case, afterward covered
into the Treasury of the United States. Dr.
Hanks at that time was living at Helena, Ark-
ansas, and his loyalty to the Government is
well established by the testimony of General
Alvin P. Hovey and others, whose statements
are on file. In connection with this matter I
ask the Clerk to read an indorsement on an
application for information made by me to the
Quartermaster General.
The Cl«rk read as follows:
QtJAKTEEil.lSTES (rENF-RAt'S OFfrCji,
washington, i>. o., February 16. 1si2.
Respectfully returned to iloa. William S. Hol-
jian, House of Representatives. ...
'i'he records of this offloa show that m August,
1863, there was seized from the Louisiana State
Bank, under General Orfler So. 202, the sum of
$28,288 11, of which $l,72&vras reported as belonging
to ilr. John j?. Soaks. ob the settlement of Colon®/
