1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3773
elnburGtj] who desires to introduce a bill for
reference.
ORDNANCE STOKES FURNISHED MISSOURI.
Mr. FINKELNBURG-, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (HT. R. No. 2859) for
the relief of the State of Missouri on account
of ordnance stores furnished said State dur-
ing the war of the rebellion; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
MIAMI INDIANS.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported back the bill (H.
R. No. 1535) to abolish the tribal relations
of Miami Indians, and for other purposes,
with amendments by the Senate ; and moved
that the House disagree to the amendments
of the Senate, and request a committee of
conference thereon.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
ordered.
AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL COLLEGES.
On motion of Mr. SLATER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 1297) amendatory
of an act entitled " An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
the agricultural and mechanical arts," passed
July 2, 1862, and acts amendatory thereof,
with a Senate amendment, was taken from the
Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
At the end of the bill insert the following:
Provided, That such lands shall not be sold by the
said State for less than $2 50 per acre, and where
settlement is made upon the Same, preference in all
cases shall be given to actual settlers at the prioes
lor which said lands may be offered.
Mr. SLATER. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to hear
some explanation of this bill.
Mr. SLATER. The bill is merely a legisla-
tive confirmation of the selection of lands
heretofore given which the State is entitled to,
but which, owing to the lands not being offered
for sale in sufficient quantity, were selected
from unoffered lands. The amendment pro-
vides that the land shall be sold at $2 50 per
acre.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR AT CHESTER, PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 446) to abolish the
office of surveyor at the port of Chester, in
Pennsylvania, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It abolishes the office
of surveyor at the port of Chester, in the dis-
trict of Philadelphia, provided by the act
establishing said port, approved March 29,
1867.
The bill in its second section provides that
a deputy collector of customs, to reside at the
said port of Chester, or a resident inspector
of customs, with the powers of a deputy col-
lector, shall be appointed for said port, and
shall perform such duties as may be devolved
on him accordmgto law, but the compensation
of such officer shall not exceed that allowed
by law to inspectors of customs at the port of
Philadelphia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES W. WHITNEY.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 329) for the relief
of Charles W. Whitney was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
W. A. HOWARD.
Mr. TERRY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2860) for the relief of W. A.
Howard; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. TERRY. This bill is approved by the
Committee on Military Affairs, and also by
the Secretary of War. I ask that it be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to cause
to be paid to the legal representative of W,
A. Howard, deceased, late of the New York
marine artillery, and of the thirteenth New
York heavy artillery, the full pay and emol-
uments of a colonel of artillery from Septem-
ber 21, 1861, to May 29, 1862 ; provided, that
all pay and emoluments received by said W.
A. Howard, as an officer of the United States
during the aforesaid period, shall be deducted
from the amount authorized by this act.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 hope there will be some
explanation given of this bill.
Mr. TERRY. The Committee on Military
Affairs have very carefully considered this
case, and the services performed by Howard
in the Burnside expedition that went South.
He held the position of colonel and per-
formed the duties of colonel, and under the
circumstances it is believed he is entitled to
the compensation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tune ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DESTROYED OR DEFACED BONDS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous concent
to report back from the Committee of Ways
and Means the amendment of the Senate to a
bill (II. R. No. 2565) to provide for ilie issue
of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced bonds
of the United States, with the recommenda-
tion that it be concurred in.
There was no objection ; and the report was
received.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
Strike out the following:
That whenever it shall appear to the Secretary of
the Treasury, by clear and unequivocal prool, that
any interest-bearing bond of the United States has,
without bad faith upon the part of the owner, been
destroyed, wholly or m part, or so delaeed as to
impair its value to the holder, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall, under such regulations and with
such restrictions as to time and retention for security
or otherwise as he may prescribe, issue a duplicate
of such bond, of the same date, to be so marked,
and bearing like interest, as the bond so proved to
have been destroyed or defaced : Provided, That the
owner of each destroyed or defaced bond shall sur-
render the same, or so much thereof as may remain,
and shall file m the Treasury a bond in a penal sum
equal to the amount ot said destroyed or defaced
bond, and the interest which would accrue thereon
until the principal thereof is due and payable, with
two good and sufficient securities, residents of the
United States, to be approved by the Seeretaiy of
the Treasury, with condition to indemnity and save
harmless the United States from axis claim because
of tho said destroyed or delaeed bond.
And in heu thereof insert tho following :
That whenever it shall appear to the Secretary of
the Treasury, by clear and unequivocal pioof, that
any interest-bearing bond of the United States has,
without bad taith upon the part of the owner, been
destroyed, wholly or in part, or so delaeed as to im-
pair its value to the holder, and which bond shall
be identified by number and description, the Secre-
tary of the Troasury shall, under such regulations
and with such restrictions as to time and retention
for security or otherwise as he may prescribe, issue
a duplicate ofsuch bond, having the same time to
run, nearing like interest as the bond so proved to
have been destroyed or defaced, and so marked as
to show the original number of the bond destroyed
and the date thereof: Provided, That where such
destroyed or defaced bonds shall appear to have been
of such a class or series as has been or may, before
such application, be called m for redemption, in*
stead of issuing duplicates thereof they shall be
paid, with such interest only as would have been
paid if presented in accordance with such call.
Sec. 2. That the owner ol each destroyed or de-
faced bond shall surrender the same, or so much
thereof as may remain, and shall file in the Treasury
a bond in a penal sum double the amount of saia
destroyed or defaced bond, and the interest which
would accrue thereon until the principal thereof is
due and payable, with two good and sufficient sure-
ties, residents of the United States, to be approved
by tho Secretary of the Treasury, with condition to
indemnify and save harmless the United States
from any claim upon the said destroyed or defaced
bond.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
II. G. ANKENY.
Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill (II. R. No. 2861) for the relief of H. Gr.
Ankeny, late a captain in the fourth Iowa
infantry; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War be, and he is thereby, in-
structed to reimburse to H. G. Ankeny, late
captain of the fourth Iowa infantry, the sum
of $259 50 out of any appropriations made or
hereafter to be made for the recruiting service
of the United States Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FISK UNIVERSITY.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill (II. R. No. 2862)
to confirm the purchase, by the executive de-
partment, of three acres of land in the vicinity
of Nashville, Tennessee, known as the site of
Fort Houston, and to donate the same to the
trustees of the Fisk University for educational
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
purchase from Russell Houston, by order of
the executive department of the United States,
of the tract of land known as the site of Fort
Houston, situated in the suburbs of Nashville,
in the State of Tennessee, containing three
acres, more or less, which was conveyed by
Houston to the chief engineer of the Army of
the United States for the sole and exclusive
use and benefit of the United States of Amer-
ica by his deed executed on the 21st day of
August, A. D. 1865, be confirmed. And the
tract of land is thereby donated to the Fisk
University, Nashville, Tennessee, for educa-
tional purposes, provided that no further
expense relative thereto shall be incurred by
the United States; and provided further that
whenever the tract of land shall cease to be
used for educational purposes by the Fisk
University, the tract of land shall revert to the
United States; and provided further that the
right to use the tract of land for military pur-
poses in case of necessity is thereby reserved
to the United States, and the chief engineer
of the Army of the United States is thereby
authoiized and directed to grant and convey
to the Fisk University all the right, title,
interest, and estate of the United States
