1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2877
vision that is in the bill; so that my honorable
friend from Kentucky will have an opportunity
for any length of time that he may desire, (and
I know he will not abuse it,) to address him-
self to the Senate upon the subject of the naval
appropriation bill in entire conformity to this
rule that is proposed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know that I
shall have anything to say upon the naval
appropriation bill, bat I can assure the Sen-
ator from Vermont that I think he is mistaken
in sapposing that this rule could havenoappli-
. cation m restricting discussion. If I were to
move to strike out certain appropriations for
the Navy Department, andinsistthat noappro-
priation should be made until we had received
the information called for, that would be an im-
portant amendment which, under this proposed
rule, I should not be allowed to discuss longer
than five n.inutes if the majority thought proper
to enfi.ice it.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator would have
time enough to discuss it for a week if he
pleased after the bill was ready to be passed
upon by the body. He could then discuss the
whole bill or any feature of it for an indefinite
period of time.
Mr. STEVENSON. What good would dis-
cussion do when the proposed amendment had
been voted down. The honorable Senator
would pass a measure and then allow its oppo-
nents to discuss it. This is a new phase of
free and enlightened discussion, I prefer to
discuss a pending amendment, and not be
stopped in five minutes.
Mr. SAWYER. At that point stopped,
but not stopped when the bill was on its final
passage.
Mr. STEVENSON. But I should like,
when offering an amendment, to have the
privilege of discussing it at that time.
But the honorable Senator from Ohio thinks
that this is a mere scare crow. He thinks that
we are unnecessarily alarmed. I agree with
the honorable Senator that there are a great
many abuses connected with the appropriation
bills, but they can be corrected by confining
all amendments to propositions that are ger-
mane, and I say to my honorable friend that
we had—
"Rather bear those ills we have,
Than fly to others tha t wo know not of."
Tf in the eighty years of the operation of
this Government 110 party in this Chamber has
ever thought proper to offer any such rule as
the one now proposed, that fact constitutes the
highest argument that can be offered against
the propriety of this rule, and wisdom admon-
ishes ns not to change rules of procedure which
have received the, sanction of such an unin-
terrupted course of usage.
I have not discussed this rule in a party
light. I have briefly addressed myself to the
intelligence of the Senate, without attempting
to arouse party feeling. I regard it as a dan-
gerous encroachment upon that free discussion
and unrestricted debate which has ever been
allowed in this Chamber. I hope that free
debate will continue. I think that that which
the majority seeks to accomplish can be at-
tained by a rule which shall confine amend-
ments to appropriation bills that are germane
to such measures. I am quite sure that the
discretion and judgment of the Senate can be
trusted to a free discussion without attempting
to hamper them by a rule which in high party
times either on one side or the other of the
Chamber may lead to dangerous consequences
and be attended with mischievous results.
_ Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, J am sure the adoption of this rule will
not have any particular effect so far as I am
personally concerned. I am not one of those
who take up much of the time of the Senate
1: mnecessaiy discussion, and therefore, so far
as I am personally concerned, it is all one to
me whether it is adopted or not. But, sir, I
regard it as so bad in itself that I cannot avoid
here on this occasion entering ray protest
against it, not because of party politics or of
its party aspects. I do not undertake to as-
cribe to gentlemen who seek to enforce this
rule upon the Senate that they are actuated by
any such motives. I presume they support
the rule for the good of general legislation.
We have heard what the honorable Senator
from Ohio and the gentlemen who advocate
the adoption of this rule have said in its favor;
but to what must it necessarily tend'/ They
say that under this rule we shall have unlimited
and illimitable debate upon the appropriation
bill itself. That is true ; but what is there in
the general bill, and what do we propose to
consider? The measures therein set forth. As
soon as this rule is adopted, therefore, propo-
sitions of every sort which were not subject to
our consideration before maybe at once sprung
upon the body; and then where are we ? The
rule itself is inexorable. Jt is impossible for
us to alter it without a rescission by a majority
of this body, and we know it will be utterly
futile for any one to obtain that rescission at
the close of a debate. The consequence will be
that the most important and material proposi-
tions may be sprung upon us at that period of
time, and we shall have no opportunity of dis-
cussing them at all. Upon the general bill we
know we have an opportunity of discussing
them under this rule without limit. There-
fore, there is no occasion for the rule, nor is
there any efficacy in the rule respecting that.
But the moment the rule is adopted, the mo-
ment it is once known in this body that you
can no longer debate propositions beyond
five minutes, then will be sprung upon you all
kinds of propositions, propositions of the most
material consequence to the country.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
and my honorable friend from Ohio say that
the adoption of this rule means business.
Sir, the adoption of this rule may mean jobs,
and it will mean jobs. As soon as it is as-
certained that this rule is adopted, and that
there is no opportunity of discussion, that
there is no chance of delay and procrastina-
tion, jobs will be sprung before this body, all
kinds of jobs concerning local interests and
personal interests, and you will find us over-
whelmed with tjjiat class of legislation, and
in that condition of things you may have
no opportunity of preventing the passage of
local measures and measures of personal con-
cern that we otherwise would prevent under a
discussion. In fact, a free and open discus-
sion as to amendments not then proposed
would prevent the introduction of measures
that would tend to delay legislation. If it was
once known to the body at the close of a ses-
sion that the introduction of an amendment
was likely to create discussion which would
procrastinate the bill to a dangerous conclu-
sion, it would not be offered ; but when gen-
tlemen know that under this resolution they
can offer any proposition and ten minutes may
be sufficient to determine that proposition, or
nearly so, it cau be offered with impunity and
without fear as to the probable consequences
of their action.
Is not such a rule dangerous to the legisla-
tion of the country? You already have a quasi
naturalization law appended to an appropria-
tion bill. You have theamendmentofthe hon-
orable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
pending to an appropriation bill. You may
have the habeas corpus bill. In fact the whole
South may be Ku Kluxed in ten minutes of time
under this amendment. What are you to do?
Adopt it, and my honorable friend from Ohio
says the Senate will never interpose its veto to
the discussion of great political topics, that
tliey will sooner rescind the rule than do that.
My honorable friend is mistaken, as time will
disclose. When a proposition of that sort is
under discussion and the majority of the Sen-
ate are determined to pass it, they never will
rescind the rule for debate, and therein li< s
the danger of this whole thing.
Now, my honorable friend from Ohio says
he would incline to the establishment of the
previous question in this body. Sir, I would
prefer the previous question to this resolution,
because the previous question cuts off all
amendments when once sustained. The mo-
ment the previous question is ordered, you
can only vote upon the bill and upon the then
pending amendments, and you can have no
other amendments. Therefore, up to that
period of time we have an opportunity of dis-
cussing the bill and all the amendments of-
fered, which we know something about and
can examine. The previous question prevents
all new amendments being sprung upon the
House, and therefore would 1 infinitely prefer
the previous question, taking a vote when I
have a knowledge of the question, than a
proposition of this sort allowing amendments
to be sprung upon me of which I know noth-
ing and which I cannot have the opportunity
of discussing at any length.
My objection, therefore, to this resolution
is that it will be deleterious to our legisla-
tion, that we shall have importantpropoaitions
passed hereafterfiveorten minutes' discussion,
when Senators are not acquainted with their
general character and their details, measures
of interest to the public, money measures, land
measures, measures that ought not to be dis-
posed of under a five minutes' debate. It is
against the genius of our Government, against
the spirit of our institutions.
Fullknowledge and a fair discussion of every
proposition is all that we require. Then, if
my honorable friend from Ohio is earnest in
his views that he would prefer the previous
question to this proposition, let the majority
agree that this limitation of debate shall apply,
only to those propositions of which we have
knowledge, those propositions that are pend-
ing at the time, and that it shall not apply,
unless by special order of the Senate, t'i any
amendment of which we know nothing at the
time. Is not that just? Is it not fair to the
measure, is it not fair to the interests of
the country, that we should have some such
amendment to this resolution? It is butpioper
that we should ask it in order that we may know
upon what we are voting, and that we may
have security that we may know and debate
those propositions upon which we are to vote.
Mr. President, one of the great evils of
legislation is the offering of amendments to
appropriation bills that are not geimane to
those bills. Now, why not, when you have
the opportunity, amend this resolution so as to
cover that matter? We understand your ap-
propriation bills. They are for the appropria-
tion of money. We have our attention directed
to them. We understand them perfectly, and
all the amendments that are made with refer-
ence to those appropriations. Why, then,
leave this resolution open so that under this
limitation any Senator can get up before tins
body and offer any proposition looking to gen-
eral or local legislation ? If this body is sin-
cere in regard to the passage of these appro-
priation bills and desires to be in harmony
with the general interests of the country re-
specting that class of legislation, let it adopt
the amendment of my coMeague which limits
this resolution to the consideration of amend-
ments germane to the bill and excludes all
others. 1 am sure I am in favor of that ex-
clusion. I am opposed to general 'legislation
on appropriation bills. I will vote for any
amendment that will preclude it. It is all
wrong in itself. It is vicious, injurious, and
will not answer the just purposes of Govern-
ment or of legislation. Therefore, I think,
in accordance with the views of my honorable
f.iond from Ohio, if he desires upon this occa-
sion to lanit legislation to matter pertinent to
the bill itself, be will not only vote for the
amendment of my colleague, but he will move
one in reference to our actioa that will make
