1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
42d Cons....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
relieve them from a burden of over seventy-five
million dollars."
Now I ask attention to this:
"The League therefore pray that your honorable
bodies will now abolish those duties "—
not reduce them—
" which keep up grievous monopolies, that oppress
the people, and violate every principle of right and
justice, and leave undisturbed equitable duties, like
those upon tea and coffee."
Here it is asserted that the duties upon tea
arid coffee, which we do not produce, are equi-
table, while those on carpets, pig and refined
iron, thread, common window glass, paint,
lumber, blankets, clothing, and leather, all of
which we do produce, violate every principle
of right and justice.
Thus I have given the Free-Trade League
the benefit of its own statement of the case;
and before proceeding to a statement of the
other side of the question I wish to advert to
the fact that it is well understood that this
Free-Trade League, although called an Ameri-
can Free-Trade League, is composed prin-
cipally of the representatives of the manufac-
turing houses of Great Britain located in New
York, is sustained by th.eir money, and that
these petitions come here at their instance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And at their
expense.
Mr. SCOTT. And at their expense, as
suggested by my friend from Vermont.
1 now take up a petition which comes from
the workingmen of the country; and, sir, they
have come here in large numbers, i have
presented them, I believe without exception,
every morning of the session since the holi-
days in regular course as they came by mail.
They say:
"The undersigned, workers in , and citizens of
 , in the State of  , respectfully remonstrate
against a change of the existing tariff laws abating
or abolishing duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country. We are advised
and believe that such action will be urged uponyour
honorable bodies, by the JSnsrlish capitalists who
maintain the Free-Trade League.'
Showing that the workingmen of this coun-
try understand from whence the call for free
trade comes:
" We respectfully pray for the repeal of all duties
upon tea, coffee, and such other articles of necessity
or comfort as cannot be produced in the united
States; and we further pray that as Representatives
of the American people, you will take care tnat
duties shall be so adjusted as to encourage and
defend every home industry, and to foster the honor
and interests of the American laborer.
There are the opposite views presented by
foreign capital and American labor, and it is
between these two elements that the real con-
test exists which we are to decide. The
former asks you to tax tea and coffee, now
necessaries upon every man's table, and to
abolish the duties upon those articles named
by them, in the production and manufacture
of which American labor is employed at good
wages. The latter ask you to relieve them
from the tax upon their daily sustenance, and
to continue those duties under the operation
of which our Government maintained its life
in war. and is paying its debt in peace; our
people find employment, good wages, and pros-
perity, and we see the country developing its
resources, opening new farms, building new
cities, gathering new treasures from tbe mine,
stretching out its iron highways and binding
the hitherto widely separated portions of the
laud by new ties of social and commercial
intercourse. .
Foreign capital sees plainly that the contin-
uance of our pieseut system for the half of
another generation, the permanent estabfish-
mentof American manufactures, with educated,
intelligent labor to conduct them, demanding
and receiving, as intelligent workmen will,
' a fair proportionate dividend of the product
of capital and labor, must lead inevitably to
one of two results: either that capital in Europe
must concede an equal reward to labor there,
or that labor will leave and come here. Either
result is a triumph for and a blessing to the
laborer, and hence the anxiety of European
manufacturers to command our markets, to
drain us of our capital, and to close our manu-
factories.
I do not propose to enter into any extended
discussion of the theories of political econ-
omy, satisfied as I am that the true study to
engage in now is that of the facts presented
to us by the employer and the employed,
rather than the speculations of Ricardo,
Malthus, Adam Smith, or Stuart Mill. If
we so legislate as to secure moderate but
sure returns to capital, steady employment,
adequate pay, a comfortable home, and healthy
food to the operative and good schools for
his children, to so develop our resources
that our own people can enjoy the largest
blessings of peace, and other peoples can see
that if our rights are disregarded we are so
self-reliant iu our own supplies of all the
essentials for national defense and individual
comfort that we will never be long unpre-
pared for war ; if we accomplish these results,
we need not be disturbed as to whether our
statutes do or do not conform to the dogmas
of those philosophic dreamers, who, in the
worship of their own theories, forget their
toiling fellow-creatures.
Attempt to disguise it as you may, sincere
as those may be who advocate the contrary
theory, the demand for a reduction of duties is a
demand for a diminution of the wages of labor.
We must meet it as such. It comes at a time
when of all others those now charged with the
interests of the American people should pon-
der well before they take any step to the pre-
judice of free labor. We are asked to aban-
don the system that carried us safely through
that gigantic struggle which became at last a
Titan's contest, over which a witnessing world
held its breath as the destiny of millions of
laboring men bung upon the result.
Slavery was simply in its political or eco-
nomic aspect, saying nothing of its moral or
religious bearings, a labor question. Shall
capital own or hire labor ? Shall labor have
a voice in settling its own wages, or shall cap-
ital take all that labor earns and give such a
living to the toiler as it in its selfishness may
see proper? This was really the undeilying
question of the rebellion. The slaveholders
of the South, keeping up what could be main-
tained of feudal and baronial prestige and privi-
leges in a republican country, by holding large
landed estates and numerous slaves upon them,
claimed not simply to preserve those privileges
which the law had really guarantied to them,
but to spread that system over all the Terri-
tories, and thus secure to capital the control
of labor and its wageg throughout the nation.
That claim was buried beneath the ruins of
the rebellion. It lies under the bodies of
thousandsof the free workingmen oftheNorth,
who resisted its impious war upon our Govern-
ment and sealed a new covenant for the rights
of labor with their blood. _
That struggle having settled that in this
public capital should not own labor, the labor
question now comes up in another form, and,
let it be disguised as it may, its true form when
fairly presented is this: will the American
people employ and send their money to Europe
to pay for foreign labor at low prices, engaged
iu making products which we can as well pro-
duce at home, or will they employ and pay
for the labor of our own citizens at the fair
compensatory prices which are fixed by the
mutual agreement of the intelligent, independ-
ent workingman and his employer?
The form in which the free-traders conceal
the ugly part of the proposition varies from
this, but it covers the same idea. For instance,
in the Life of Richard Cobden, page 88, it is
stated thus:
"The cardinal principles of free trade, as applied
to and incorporated in financial legislation, are that
taxes, where necessary, should be laid on for pure
purposes of revenue alone; that in their remission,
in the choice of those to be remitted, the interests of
consumers are paramountandafoneto be consulted;
and that no tax should be levied in the supposed
interests of producers, that for two reasons, each one
being all sufficient to bear the conclusion common to
them both: first, that no protective tax does benefit
the producer, and evenifitdid, he—representing the
minority—has no right to enjoy it at the expense of
the majority, namely, the consumers."
I do not stop to discuss the announcement
that " no protective tax does benefit the pro-
ducer." I leave that to those revenue re-
formers who think its whole design is to ben'
efit the producer, and that the results are such
as to justify them in calling them hard names,
and declaiming against them as "bloated
monopolist!,." Neither do I stop to discuss
the other theory that the interests of the pro-
ducers are to be utterly ignored. But, in
passing, I might perhaps appropriately quote
the conclusions of a body of business men
equal in intelligence and practical knowledge
to any voluntary assembly that convenes in
this country, that of the National Board of
Trade, held in St. Louis, in December, 1871.
They resolved, after long debate upon the
question—
"That in the revision of the tariff, the cost of
production in this country is a proper subject for
consideration."
And this, too, notwithstanding one of the
eminent advocates of free trade in that body,
hailing from New England, had in the discus-
sion seriously complained of the duty on pig
iron, alleging that " somebody pays it to some-
body else in this country, in order to maintain
pig-iron wages at two dollars a day." That gen-
tleman had never traveled very much through
the regions where pig iron is made, or if he
had kept either ears or eyes open he would not
have thought it much of a boon to pay those
laborers two dollars per day. They, to quote
the language of another free-trade theorist,
" can do better."
Having quoted a writer in old England on
free trade, let me also quote one in New Eng-
land. Professor Walker, editor of The Science
of Wealth, written iu the interest of free trade,
page 93, says:
" At present iron cannot be so cheaply and exten-
siveiy produced in the United States £is to exclude
the foreign article. Why is this? We answer neg-
at,l,Tf irst. not that we do not know how to make
jj. >j ***** * ***
'"Second, not that we have not sufficient cap-
ital" * * * *
"Third, not that we have not the best natural
facilities for the manufacture." * * * *
Fourth, not that the manufacturer here lacks a
good natural protection."
After amplifying each of these negative
answers, he then proceeds:
"Why then, with all these natural facilities, do
we not produce all our iron without governmental
protection ? There is but one reason, ^ e fan do
better. We can obtain our iron with less labor than
by making it."
After stating that labor in Europe costs fifty
per cent, less than in this country, and capital
can be had at fifty per cent, less interest, he
concludes:
" Thus it is that our unequaied neural a^anUges
arising Irom cheap virgin lands render it unp*om
able tor us to make iron or engage m many other
kinds of manufactures."
The plain English of all this is, " We ought
to buy all our iron and all other kinds ot
manufactures in Europe, because they pay
less there for labor than we do at home; we
I ought to be agriculturists exclusively, because
