3774
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
in and for said tract of land for the, purposes
and on the terms and conditions thereinbefore
mentioned.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the Committee on
Military Affairs ought to pass on that bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I had
a conference with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and he says that he
is perfectly satisfied that the bill ought to pass.
Mr. HAWLEY. It has nothing to do with
military affairs ; it is not a fort now.
Mr. HOLMAN. And I understand that it
is recommended by the Secretary of War?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
Secretary of War says that there is no further
use for it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
" Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
swamp lands in nevada.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 28G3) to extend to the State
of Nevada the benefits of an act to enable the
State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim
the swamp lauds within their limits; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
provisions of an act approved September 28,
1850, entitled "An act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other Stales to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits," shall be held
to apply to the State of Nevada in the same
manner and to the same extent that it is ap-
plicable to the States admitted into the Union
belore that date.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe there are no
swamp lands in Nevada.
Mr. HAWLEY. The benefits of that act
have been extended to all the States except
N evada.
Mr. SARGENT. And it is the greatest
curse that was ever extended to any State.
Mr. KENDALL. The gentleman says it is
the greatest curse ever extended to a State I
The action of the Legislature of the State of
Nevada is the best answer to such an asser-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not debatable.
Mr. KENDAL]/. 1 do not wish to debate
the bill, i hope it will pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. J wish to reserve objec-
tion to the bill until i understand what it
means.
Mr. HAWLEY, The bill is the unanimous
report of the Committee on the Public Lands.
It simply extends to the State of Nevada the
benefits of the swamp-land act. They have
been extended to all the other States in the
Union, and to the other new States which have
been admitted since the bill was passed in
1850. They have been extended to Minnesota
aud to Oregon, and the State of Nevada is
now the only remaining State which has not
the benefit of the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. There might be justice
in extending the provisions of this law to
Nevada, provided the law is agoodone. Has
the committee ever considered the fact that
this law has clearly operated injuriously to
the public, and has been generally made use of
for private speculation?
Mr. HAWLEY. I will say, in answer to
the gentleman from Indiana, touching that
point, that the committee are considering the
wisdom of further egislation upon the subject
of confining the definition of swamp lands to
such as are clearly swamp lands, so that there
may be no frauds in connection with that
subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall be obliged to
object to the bill, unless the gentleman from
Nevada can tell us that there are swamp lands
in the State of Nevada. It is the only State
I have ever been in where I never saw any
swamp lands at all.
Mr. KENDALL. I desire to say a word in
explanation only. I do not wish to prolong
the debate, but simply to say that I drew and in-
troduced this bill in obedience to the instruc-
tions of the Legislature of my State, and those
instructions I ask the Clerk to read for the
information of the House, and in answer to
the objection of the honorable gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.]
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved by the senate, (the assembly concurring,)
That our Senators be, and are hereby, instructed, and
our Representative in Congress requested, to use all
honorable and proper means to procure the passage
of an act of Congress extending to the State of
Nevada the benefits of an act approved September
28,1850, whereby swamp and overflowed lands were
granted to the State of Arkansas and other States
of the Union."
Mr. KENDALL. Now, in answer to the
question of my distinguished friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynakd,] are there swamp
lands in Nevada? I say yes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
trusses for disabled soldiers.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
considered at this time Senate bill No. 812,
to provide for furnishing trusses to disabled
soldiers.
The SPEAKER. Tho bill will be read, after
which objections to its present consideration
will be in order.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that every soldier of the Union Army
who was ruptured while in the line of duty,
during the late war for the suppression of the
rebellion, shall be entitled to receive a single
or double truss of such style as may be desig-
nated by the Surgeon General of the United
States Army as the best suited for such dis-
ability. The second section provides that ap-
plication for such truss shall be made by the rup-
tured soldier to an examining surgeon for pen-
sions, whose duty it shall be to examine such
applicant, and for every such applicant found
to have a rupture or hernia shall prepare and
forward to the Surgeon General an application
for such truss, without charge to the soldier.
The third section provides that the Surgeon
General of tho United States Army is thereby
authorized and directed to purchase and pro-
cure the number of trusses which may be
required for distribution to such disabled sol-
diers, at a price not greater than the same are
sold to the trade at wholesale ; and the cost
of the same shall be paid, upon the requisition
of the Surgeon General, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first, second
and third time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john wy mears and william houlton, jr.
Mr. L. MYERS. I again ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on
Patents, for consideration at the present time,
a bill for the relief of John W. Mears and
William Houlton, jr. It is the same bill
which I supposed I had obtained leave yester-
day to report and have passed.
The SPEAKER. This is the bill for the
passage of which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. L. Myers] moved on yesterday
that the rules be suspended. The vote was
taken and the Chair announced that the affirm-
ative appeared to have it. Some business
then intervened, §nd while being transacted
the gentleman from Pennsylvania left the Hall
under the impression that the bill had passed.
Afterwards a division was called for, and
finally objection was made to the passage of
the bill. The bill will now be read.
The bill was read. It provides that John W.
Mears, administrator of the estate of the late
Henry D. Mears and William Houlton, jr.,
shall have leave to make a new application to
the Commissioner of Patents for the exten-
sion of letters-patent granted to the late Henry
D. Mears and William Houlton, jr., July 14,
1857, for improvement in car seals, for four-
teen years from said date, in the same manner
as they could have done at least ninety days
before the expiration of the patent; and that
the Commissioner of Patents shall be author-
ized to consider and determine said applica-
tion in the same manner and with the same
effect as if it had been filed ninety days before
the expiration of said patent; provided that
no damages shall be collected from any per-
sons for any infringement of said patent after
the expiration and before the extension of the
same.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 2864) was received and read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
gaugers and measurers.
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report for con-
sideration at this time a bill to fix the com-
pensation of gaugers and measurers at the
port of Boston.
The bill was read. It provides that the
compensation of gaugers and measurers at the
port of Boston shall be the same as provided
for the same class of officers at the port of
New York under existing laws.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that increase the
compensation ?
Mr. SAWYER. It does not.
Mr. BROOKS. It ought to provide that
these gaugers and measurers shall be better
than those we have in New York.
Mr. SAWYER. I have a letter from the
Treasury Department which will explain the
necessity for this bill.
The letter was as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., April 11,187a.
Sir : I am in receipt of your letter of the 2d in-
stant. inclosing bill (If. R. 1933) to fix the compen-
sation of gaugers at the port of Boston, upon wtuch
the Committee on Commerce desire an expression
of my views.
In reply, I have the honor to state that this De-
partment is not aware of any reason for allowing a
less rate of compensation to gaugers at the port of
Boston than is allowed to tho same class of officers
at !New York, nor of any reason why gaugers should
be paid less than weighers, and hence no objection
is perceived to the passage of the present bill.
I would state further, however, that the bill in its
present shape would, as the Department learns,
operate to exclude from the readjustment of back
pay therein provided for, one ofthegaugcra at Bos-
ton who was never commissioned as " weigher and
gauger," but was commissioned in 1869 as gauger
only. It is thought that such exclusion would bo
uujust, the officer m Question having performed like
duty with the others, and I therefore suggest a
modification of the bill to obviate this objection,
by inserting, after the word "weighers " in the tenrh
line of the second section, the following : "or who
have been commissioned as gaugers since the pas-
sage of said act."
I am, very respectfully,
GBOKGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. pniletus Sawyer, Acting Chairman Com-
mittee on Commerce, Mouse of liepreeentat ive&.
