2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
us conform our action accordingly in all future
appropriation bills before this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Vigkers,] upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. After this amendment
shall have been disposed of, will it be in order
to offer a substitute for the resolution as it will
then stand?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
Mr. GILBERT. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 36; as follows:
YL'AS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ca^sorly, Davis of West
Virginia. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, John-
ston, Kelly, Norwood, Stevenson, Trumbull, and
Yickcvs—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boremnn, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Coiikhnt, Cragm, Edmunds, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Ferry of Michigan, rinn.igan, Frelinghuy«on,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, liowc, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill ol Maine, Morton. Nye, Patterson, i'onie-
roy,Pratt, ltauisey, Ilice, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Stownrt, Wmdom, and Wright—36
A13S K NT—Messrs. B.ivard, Blair, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Cooper, Corbetf, Davis ol Kentucky, Fenton,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, IIU1, Morrill of
Vermont, O^born, Pool, Ransom, llobertson. Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Spencer, Spruguo, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Tiplon, West, and Wilson—27,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCO IT. I understand the .suggestion
which I made has modified the resolution so
that it is now pending with the words "the
pending bill and" stricken out. I wish, be-
fore any further proceedings, to offer an addi-
tional amendment, for heretofore 1 was under
the impression that that amendment was pend-
ing. 1 wish to insert alter the word " order,"
the words "at any time to move a recess,
and," so that it will read: "that during the
present session it shall be m order at any time
to move a recess, and pending an appropria-
tion bill," <fcc.
And, iu order to make the resolution con-
form to that amendment, 1 move to strike out
the words " the motion to limit debate," and
insert li such motions;" so as to read : "such
motions shall be decided without debate."
Mr. OASSERIiY. That is an entirely new
element in tins discussion, and 1 hope some
Koiiiilor with more experience here than I
have will explain to the Senate what will be
the operation of that amendment if adopted.
Mr. SCO TT. 1 will say to the Senator lrom
California thai it only obviates the necessity
ot inquiring unanimous consent to make the
motion for a recess, and permits that motion
to be made at any time during the session.
Mr. CASSERLY. I see no objection to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the resolution be
reported as it will read as amended.
I'lie Ohikk (Jluiuc. The resolution, if
amended as proposed, will read as follows:
Hcmlvrjl, That during the present, session it shall
be in order at any time to uioveareeess; and, pending
an appropriation bill, to move to confine debate on
amondments thoreto to five minutes by any Sen-
ator on the pending motion; and such motions shall
be decided without debate.
Mr. SCOTT. The words ''to limit debate"
are stricken out, and "such motion," before
"shall be decided without debate," inserted.
Mr. TKUMBULL. I understand if this
amendment carries it, limits debate to five
minutes on the bill as well the amendments.
That is the object.
Mr. SOOll'. No, sir; it does not change the
phraseology of the resolution in that respect.
Mr. Hi CM BULL. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. SCOTT. At the suggestion of Sen-
ators around me who are apprehensive that
this provision shall be at any time in order to
move a recess, might apply to a recess for a
longer period than during the same day, I wish
to state there is no such design, but it is in-
tended to authorize the Senate at any time to
ireceive a motion to take a recess for that day.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the reso-
lution now is as the Senator who moved it
wishes it to be; in other words, he has made
all the amendments in it he desires.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion has not been taken on the last amend
ment which he moved. The Chair was about
putting the question when the Senator from
California rose.
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought that was
adopted by general consent.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it be in order I wish
to offer a substitute to the resolution. It is to
strikeout all after the word "resolved," and
insert the following:
That no amendment to an appiopriation bill shall
be in order unless it is germane to tile bill, and pro-
vides for an appropriation of public moneys in pur-
suance of existing law.
I offer this as a substitute for the original
resolution. 1 do so because I think it will
meet the real evil that it should be the object
of this resolution as presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania to meet; that is to say, it
will obviate long discussions upon amend-
ments to bills which involve important and
strongly contested questions in government
and in legislation. I understood the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Vermont
both to say that a similar amendment to our
rules had been offered ; the Senator from Ohio
did not say when ; the Senator from Vermont
said about two years ago, and that it was
resisted by the minority. I think each of
those Senators must be mistaken as to the
fact. I speak with some certainty on the sub
ject for the reason that I have always opposed
as an objectionable, if not, obnoxious practice,
the putting into an appropriation bill of
amendments which made new law. There-
fore I think it is hardly possible that such a
rule as I have now presented could ever have
been offered in this body without its attracting
my earnest attention, or without my giving it
my most hearty support. It is a principle that,
1 have always believed in, ami I have felt
more I ban once that it had been violated to
the great damage of the public service, not
only in the inordinate consumption of time in
debate, but in other respects perhaps still
more material.
While I ain on the floor let me say another
word. It seems to be considered that because
by the resolution of the Senator fiuui Pennsyl-
vania, as it now stands, there may be indefinite
debate upon the appropriation bill, tberefoie
the evil is to that extent diminished : but I
submit it to the candor of Senators who are
listening to me what avail is it to discuss the
bill at large after the Senate has become com-
mitted by its votes for the amendment!' It is
then too lale. The theory of discussion and
the object of discussion is to convince and to
carry votes ; but after you have had your dis-
cussion limited to five minutes and the Senate
has acted, we all know, such is the constitu-
tion of human nature among Senators as well
as others, that practically in nine cases out of
ten the question is decided. Men do not
change their votes as a rule, and a Senator
who changes his vote after he has once given
it, after it has once gone on the record upon
a call ot the yeas and nays, is the exception
and the rare exception. Therefore, your allow-
ance of debate after the amendment is dis-
posed of by the votes of Senators, amounts to
nothing.
On the contrary, I suggest to my friends who
believe in this resolution, and who think it
will accomplish an economy of time, if the
resolution allows unlimited debate on the bill
at large, and every amendment included in it,
what good object is accomplished V It is not
avowed by any one that there is any other
good object in it except to economize time;
but when upon the bill itself the whole thing
is a^ large, and debate is indefinite and unlim-
ited, how do you economize time? You have
. got all the evils of the present system, as far
• as wasting time is concerned, and you have
this evil in addition, that you open the way
to embodying provisions of law in appropria-
tion bills on insufficient debate and insufficient
consideration, which nine times out of ten
you will not be able to take out of the bill
after it gets into the Senate.
I submit my substitute in lieu of the reso-
lution of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not wish to take up
the time ot the Senate. 'This matter has been
talked out. unless people wish to talk against
lime, which I do not. 1 only wish to say that
this particular amendment goes a great deal
fun her than the Senator from California him-
self would be willing to go, for it prohibits
all legislation unless the amendment proposed
contains an item of appropriation. Now,
when the Committee on Rules reported what
he wished two years ago, or whatever the time
was. it was found necessary to devote a great
deal of time and care to using such phraseol-
ogy as would enable the Senate tu control the
expenditures ol' the moneys to which the ap-
propriations referred, by sections which might
be added to the, bill or by legislative provis-
ions to those which related to the expenditure
and management of the moneys covered by
the appiopriation, or something of that kind.
This amendment, if adopted, would absolutely
cut us off from making any limitation or pro-
vision iu regulating the subject of that general
appropriation on the bill, when it would be
perfectly proper that, it should be. So that it
would not do to adopt the amendment at ail.
Mr CASSERLY. Mr. President, I think
it may very well be, and after what the Sen-
ator from Vermont has just said I do not doubt
that, what 1 have written there is capable of
improvement. 1 wrote it in a hurry during the
debate. I do not understand this matter, how-
ever. as the Senator from Vermont does. 1
understand the object of an appropriation bill
to be to provide the sums of money necessary
lor the carrjing on of the Government in re-
gatd to subjects already ordained by law; in
other words, the appropriation bill supplies
the money called for by existing law. I do
not understand that the ianguageof my substi-
tute limits the action of the Senate in the man-
ner suggested by the Senator from Vermont.
I v.-ill ask the Clerk to be good enough to rend
it once more. I certainly did not intend
unduly to limit the power of the Senate. I
meant,merely to say that nothing should be iu
oidei iu the way of an amendment to an appro-
pna'iou bill which was not germane to rhe
general object of the bill, that is' as to whether
i1 was for the Navy or the Army, in the first
place, and, iu the next place, which did not
piovide foi an appropriation of public moneys.
Of course the question whether it reduces the
appropriation or increases it, is not incompati-
ble with the language providing for the app o
piiation
Hie Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. TKUMBULL. If the desire be to fa-
cilitate the business of the Senate, some such
amendment as that proposed by the Senator
from California could be adopted without en-
croaching upon the privileges of the Senate.
1 hat would certainly not be objectionable in
that point ot view. Whether he has the pre-
cise words that would carry out the object, I
am not piepared to say. I had in mind some
proposition of the same kind, and I had wiit-
ten an amendment in these words :
cWm n0 am.oa(Jment proposing general legislation
tion billrecclve" ad an amendment to an appropria-
I do not know that, that language is as well
adapted to accomplish the object as the words
which the Senator from California has made
use of; but it the object be simply to prevent
obstructions to the passage of appropriation
