1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Holabird'a accounts the money was covered into the
Treasury on account of captured and abandoned
property. (Requisitions of office, of June 18 and 18,
' K. H. ALLEN,
Acting Quartermaster General,
Brevet Major General.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is shown by the testi-
mony of the cashier and the president of this
bank that Dr. Hanks had on deposit of this
money the sum specified in this bill. The
loyalty of Dr. Hanks being yerjr fully estab-
lished, and the fact being that this money has
gone into the Treasury of the United States,
the Committee of Claims have reported favor-
ably on this bill.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the facts in
this case, as I recollect them, are substantially
as stated by the honorable gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holm an.] The money to which
reference is made in the bill was in the hands
of one of the banking institutions of New
Orleans by a previous order, and to prevent
its being transferred to parties in rebellion, to
be used against the Government, it was trans-
ferred by general order to the quartermaster,
paid into his hands, and thence comes into the
Treasury. But this money is only one por-
tion of a considerable fund. It strikes me
the Committee of Claims ought to consider
and report upon the whole subject. I do
not know that there is any objection to the
passage of this bill; but I think that before
we act upon it there ought to be some report
upon the whole subject. I hope the gentle-
man will delay action upon the bill until his
committee shall have considered the general
subject. I will say that this money was never
held as the property of the United States; it
was held only as security; and being covered
into the Treasury it ought, I suppose, to be
given to those loyal citizens who have just
claims upon it.
Mr, HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will not insist
on our awaiting a general bill on this sub-
ject. The Committee of Claims have made it
a point to inquire into the loyalty or disloy-
alty of each of the claimants for this money;
and the committee would not have reported
the bill had not the statements of General
McGinnis, General Alvin P. Hovey, and other
officers of the Army established folly Dr.
Hanks's loyalty and devotion to the Govern-
ment. I think there should be no objection to
the passage of this bill. Let each of the claim-
ants to this money present his separate claim
for the consideration of Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the amount of
the claim provided for in this bill ?
Mr. HOLMAN. About seventeen hundred
dollars.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the amount of
the whole fund liable to such claims?
Mr. HOLMAN. The amount taken from
the bank was something over twenty-eight
thousand dollars.
Mr. SARGENT. This bill, then, is a pre-
cedent for the payment of other claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill simply provides
for paying to Dr. Hanks his portion of the
money taken from that bank.
Mr. SARGENT. If this bill be passed, it
will be very difficult for us to resist the pay-
ment of similar claims hereafter.
Mr. HOLMAN. The other claimants will
of course present their claims hereafter.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john wilson john boyle.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report adversely upon the
petition of John Wilson, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered in the preparation
of maps of land States, under the resolution
of the House of May 4, 1848; and the memo-
rial of Cornelius Boyle, administrator of John
Boyle, deceased, formerly chief clerk of the
Navy Department, and who while so employed
performed from time to time, under temporary
appointment, the duties of Secretary of; the
Navy. The committee think it is not and
never has been the policy of the Government
to pay double compensation to any public
officer. I move that these papers be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee
of Claims, reported adversely upon the fol-
lowing; which were laid on the table:
The petition of Nathan Stark, praying com-
pensation for property taken from the steamer
Shreveport by the United States forces in Octo-
ber, 1864, and destroyed by fire while stored
at Glasgow, Missouri;
The memorial of James Kitchen and Rich-
ard Kitchen, claiming $12,961 for wool taken
from the same steamer and destroyed under
similar circumstances;
The memorial of Robert M. Cohn, praying
compensation for three bales of cotton im-
properly taken and sold by the Government;
The memorial of Mrs. Nancy G. Miller, for
damages to her property near Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, by United States soldiers encamped
in the neighborhood ; and
The memorial of Samuel Staats Taylor and
Edwin Parsons, for the use of levees and bank
of the river at Cairo, Illinois, during the war
of the rebellion.
jane a. creen.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No.
" ") for the relief of Jane A. Green.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
to Jane A. Green, or her representative, a
duplicate ten-forty coupon bond, No. 5359, for
ยง1,000, in lieu of the original destroyed by fire,
and to pay the interest doe thereon ; provided
the owner of the destroyed bond shall file in
the Treasury a bond in the penal sum equal to
the amount of the bond and the interest which
would accrue thereon from September 1,1864,
until the principal thereof is due and payable,
with two good and sufficient sureties, residents
of thes United States, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, with condi-
tion to indemnify and save harmless the United
States from any claim because of the said bond.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
augustine bacon.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also, from the
same committee, reported back a till (H. R.
No. 528) for the relief of Augustine Bacon,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the Post-
master General to pay Augustine Bacon the
sum of $437 37 for service as route agent on
route No. 5674, performed under appointment
of the Postmaster General in 1865-66, which
amount is due to said Bacon, as it appears by
the books of the Post Office Department, and
remains unpaid in consequence of the inability
of said Bacon to take the oath prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
schooner thomas j. frazier.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1551) for the relief of S. B. Mitchell, George
\V. Mitchell, and J. W. Mitchell; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated to S. B. Mitchell,
George W. Mitchell, and John W. Mitchell,
owners of the Schooner Thomas J. Frazier,
sunk while in the service of the United States
by a shot from the United States frigate Con-
gress and the rebel vessel Merrimac, the
sum of $3,059 37, that being the amount paid
by the owners for raising and repairing the said
schooner.
Mr. MOORE. I ask the report of the com-
mittee be read, if there be a report.
Mr, HARRIS, of Virginia. Yes, sir ; there
is a report.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that these parties are the bona fide owners of
the schooner Thomas J. Frazier, of the value
of $8,000. That about the 18th day of Feb-
ruary, 1862, the said schooner was chartered
to Henry James & Co., of the city of Balti-
more, to convey from said port to Fortress
Monroe, a cargo of lumber for the use of the
United States Government, and to be deliv-
ered to Captain Tallmage, assistant quarter-
master United States Army; that on the
arrival of said schooner at Fortress Monroe
she was reported to Captain Tallmage, and
was by him ordered to deliver her cargo at
Camp Butler, Newport News, Virginia, con-
trary to the charter contract. In obedience
to this order she was taken to Camp Butler,
and while there discharging, was struck by a
shell from the United States frigate Congress,
during the engagement of this vessel with the
confederate ram Merrimac, and was thereby
badly damaged and sunk. The raising and
repair of said schooner cost the owners the
sum of $3,059 37. The claimants applied
to the quartermaster of the Navy and War
Departments respectively for compensation,
but payment was refused on the ground that
they had no authority to pay.
In consideration of thefact that this schooner
was damaged while in the service of the Uni-
ted States by the frigate Congress, the com-
mittee think justice and duty require the Gov-
ernment to refund the claimants the actual
sum of money paid by them in raising and re-
pairing their schooner, allowing them nothing
in the shape of damages for loss of service of
the schooner.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iienry head.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Henry Head.
humphrey .m. wood yard.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee of Claims, reported bapk a bill
(H. R. No. 114) for the relief of the heirs of
Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M. Woodyard,
late of the twenty-first Mfssouri infantry, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. In the preamble it sets
forth that in the yoar 18C3 stoppage was made
against the pay of the officers of the twenty-
first regiment Missouri infantry volunteers,
