190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
have said that with so much impressiveness to
me. I stated (and it was in aid of what I was
saying, that this Senate had determined that it
was unnecessary to continue the committee,
had so determined after thought upon it and
talk about it that it was not necessary to continue
that committee,) that my recollection was that
my honorable friend from New Hampshire
had introduced a resolution of that kind, which
was suffered to sleep the sleep of death. My
friend from New Hampshire, who, it seems by
his own statement, was put up to do it by
somebody, and did not want to do it himself,
did put in a resolution of that kind, which was
suffered to sleep. Nobody brought it up for
action. Does that help the case of my hon-
orable friend any. If it does, he is welcome
to it. He needs it.
But my friend says it could not be acted on
because, petty as I am, I forced through this
Senate a resolution that we should not do any
business, and therefore we could not get it up.
Let me excuse myself by saying to my friend
that I do not force anything through this body
or upon it. The Senate adopted this resolu-
tion on the subject of what we would do at the
last session :
"Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no general legislation except such as
relates to the suppression of disorder and the protec-
tion oflife and property in the several States."
Was the raising a committee of this body or
of the two Houses general legislation? Will
my friend maintain that he has not a right
under that resolution, and in perfect conform-
ity to it, to propose and get passed as many
concurrent resolutions as he could get agreed
to for all committees upon all subjects'? I
know, for he is a man of truth and honor, that
he will not maintain anything of the kind.
Wherefore, then, does he say that this com-
mittee was not given up by general consent,
after it was talked about and after it was dis-
cussed, as it appears, on the ground that here
was a resolution which prevented it? My
friend is mistaken. The resolution did not
prevent it, and yet he never made any motion
to take up the resolution providing for the
committee. He seems to have experienced,
as some people in olden time did. a kind of
new birth, a second sight, which has brought
all at once and suddenly to his recollection
and observation this great crisis of public
affairs, which requires not only retrenchment
and investigation, which everybody wishes to
have, but it must be retrenchment and investi-
gation in his way, or it shall not be retrench
ment and investigation at all!
My friend talks about the people of the
country. We will see what the people of the
country say in the end. We will not be alarmed
at whatever may be said to day or to-morrow
by men who write information, or what passes
for information, to the people of the country ;
but we will see in the end how much the peo-
ple of the country are to be disturbed because
we do a thing in a right and regular and con-
stitutional and effective way rather than to
take the say-so of my friend that it must be
done in his way or it must be wrong.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now have
a vote on this question, or else adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is the amendment
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Akthojty] to the amendmenf offered bv the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr, Tkumbfll.] "
Mr. SUMNER. All ow me to make one
remark before this debate closer if it ever
shall close. Something has been said about
senatorial caucuses. Now, I shall make no
revelation, but I shall repeat what for ten years
I^have sa;d in thi.s Chamber as often as occa-
sion allowed. A senatorial caucus is simply
a convenience. It is in no respect an obliga-
tion on anybody. To hold that it is. is infi-
nitely absurd and unconstitutional. I mean
what I say—it is infinitely absurd and uncon-
stitutional. We are all under the obligation
of an oath as Senators obliged to transact the
public business under the Constitution of the
United States. We have no right to desert
this Chamber and go into a secret conclave
and there dispose of the public business. I
say it is absurd and unconstitutional to pretend
that you have.
1 make a great, broad, clean distinction
between a nominating convention outside, or
a caucus outside and a senatorial caucus A
nominating convention or a caucus outside is
held in the light of day; it is open : there arc
reporters present; it is under the direct eye
of the people. I think that all patriot citizens
are beginning to recognize that even that is a
very questionable form of proceeding, and I
know that there are many who are looking
about anxiously for some way in which to
supersede it. But there is an immense differ-
ence between such an assembly and a sena-
torial caucus. The senatorial caucus is secret:
it is confidential, if you please; it has no
reporters present; it is not in the light of day.
Why, sir. to take the public business from this
Chamber and carry it into such a caucus, is a
defiance of reason and of the best principles
of government. A Senator has 110 right to
abdicate bis duties herein this Chamber. He
has no right to go into a secret chamber and
there constrain himself in regard to the public
business
What I say now I do not say for the first
time in this Chamber. I have said it before,
and when I have said it I have been answered by
as able a Senator as any who has sat here in
our day. He is no longer now among the
living. I mean the late Senator from Maine.
(Mr. Fessenden,) who differed from me on
the question. The Globe will show what he
said and what I said, now many years ago.
Therefore, in making this protest, I say noth-
ing new, but I do it now under a profound sense
of duty. Sir. I am one of the oldest membprs
of the Republican party ; in some measures
I am one of its founders; I am the oldest Sen-
ator in service here ; and I bear my testimony
now as a member of the Republican party and
as a Senafor against the pretension which is
set up that a senatorial caucus can exercise
any constraint or obligation with regard to
public business. It is nothing but a eonvpn-
ience—thatisall : and any onewhogoes further
and insists that it is an obligation runs against
the Constitution of his country.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Illinois,
who has already spoken twice on this subject,
requests me to read from the Journal of the
Senate, in answer to the Senator from Ver-
mont, a resolution passed by the Senate to
this effect at the last session, to show that
the resolution providing for the revival of
the Committee on Retrenchment could not
come up:
" ftpnolced. That the Senate will consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent
resolution for a joint committee to investigate into
the condition of the States lately in insurrection,
and the resolution now pending instructing the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills
that will enable the President and the court" of the
United States to execute the laws in said States, and
the report that may be made by the Committee on
the Judiciary on that subject."
Mr CRAG1N. Mr. President, for one I
have very much regretted this debate. It has
seempd to me to revolve upon the smallest
point of any debate that I have listened to or
witnessed since f have been a member of the
Senate. As I understand the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island, about which
this contest is now pending, it is to strike out
that clause of the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois which provides that this commit toe
shall have power to sit during the rece«s, to send
for persons and papers, kc Does it not strike
any man of common sense that it is remark-
able at the beginning ofa longsession that it is
necessary now to provide, six or eight months
in advance, that a standing committee of the
Senate shall have power to sit during the recess
after we adjourn? And will it not strik" every
man of common sense as a little remarkable
that it should be so persistently urged here that
this committee should have power to send for
persons and papers, when there is not a single
dollar in the hands of the Secretary of the
Senate that can be used to pay a single wit-
ness? Appropriations must first be made be-
fore investigations of this kind can be pro
ceeded with.
Then, sir, there is one other thing to which
I will allude. Reference has been made to
the effort to create 'this committee at the first
session of this Congress. I remember dis-
tinctly that effort, and I remember that some
one appealed to me for that committee in order
that somebody might have a clerk of a com-
mittee.
Mr. CONKLING. Who was that? I should
like to know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment to
the amendment?
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have the yeas and
navs upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LEWIS. I am paired on this question
with the Senator from West Virginia. [Mr.
Davis.] If he were here he would vote
" nay," and I should vote " yea.!'
Mr. WEST. I am paired on this question
with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Johx-
stox.] If he were here would vote 11 nav," and
I should vote "yea.''
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired on this question
with the Senator from Louisiana. [Mr. Kei.
logg.] He would vote for this amendment,
and I should vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Mesrss. Ames, Anthony, Boreman. Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton.
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds. Ferry of Mich-
fau. Flanagau, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert Hamlin,
itchcock, Howe, Morton, Osborn. Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Wilson, and Win-
dom—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly. Cooper. ]>avi-
of Kentucky, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland. Kelly.
Logan, Patterson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson.
Stockton, Sumner, Tburman, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Yickers—IS.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, Brownlow. Cald-
well, Cole, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Nye, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague, West, and Wright—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] as amended.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
amendment, as amended, by adding to it the
following ;
And that the said committee be authorized to send
for persons and papers, and report by bill or other-
wise, and also to appoint a clerk.
I do not desire to continue or reopen this
debate I will simplysay that this proposition
provides that this committee shall have aclerk,
and that they shall also have power to send for
persons and papers. It does not provide that
they may sit during the recess. When we get
to the end of this session, we shall know whether
we ought to enter upon that or no!, and if it is
then deemed necessary, I shall be perfectly
willing to permit them to do it. We have pro-
vided what this committee shall do. and if we
adopt this amendment we will allow them to
send for persons and papers and give them a
clerk during this session, and then at the end
of the session we can determine the qnest'on
whether they shall be permitted to sit during
the recess.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is merely anticipating what will be
the dutv of the chairman of the committee
when the committee is raised, and which 1
happen to know, and a great many others
know, he intends to do. It is for the chairman
