1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
of the committee to ask for permission to send
for persons and papers and to ask for the ap-
pointment of a cierk. When we appoint the
Committee on Naval Affairs we do not give
them permission to send for persons and papers,
but if they ask for that authority we give it.
I have no objection to this amendment, but I
think it should have come from the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, who I know intends to
move it.
Mr. CORBETT. As I understand the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, it will make this a permanent thing, will
it not?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CORBETT. Then this committee will
have power to send for persons and papers at
any time for years to come.
Mr. WILSON. Daring this session. That
is all th£ time the committee lasts.
Mr. CORBETT. Is that, the resolution?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the objection of
the Senator from Oregon is very well taken,
and I stand corrected. This is a proposition
to give this committee a permanent power to
send for persons and papers, which no other
standing committee has. I do not think we
ought to give it such power. 1 hope the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will withdraw his
amendment, and then let the Senator from
Connecticut, who is to be the chairman of the
committee, move it himself for this session.
Mr. WILSON. This committee lasts during
this session and no longer.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; it is a standing
committee.
Mr. WILSON. It is a standing committee,
but all standing committees die at the close of
the session.
Mr. ANTHONY. The committees do not
die. The members may go out of office; but
the powers of the committee remam, whatever
powers we confer upon them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But if theie is nobody
to exercise them they will not be exercised.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if' the committee U
reappointed at the next session, it is reap
pointed with the powers that we give to it at
this session, and this is a proposition to give
to this committee powers that we give to no
other committee of this body, and I hope it
will not be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator in
regard to that, that if this proposition is now
adopted, and we choose to change it at the next
session when we reappoint the committee, there
will be no trouble about it. We have had a
great deal of controversy here about what has
seemed to me from the beginning a very small
matter. We have reached the point we now
have here, and it seems to me if we adopt this
proposition it will go out to the country thai
we have appointed this committee, clothed it
with full and ample powers during this session,
and, if need be, will continue it to si' duiinj;
the recess.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We can give
the committee power to send for persons and
papers on every specific case that is submitted
to it, and the Senate ought not to give up that
control. I hope tlie amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no proper com-
parison between this committee and one of the
other standing committees of this body. It
was suggested, "Why give power to send for
persons and papers to this committee anymore
than to the Naval Committee?" Sir, theNavai
Committee is one of the other standing com-
mittees of the Senate. The function of each
of these commit!ees is a function to consider
subjects and papers sent to them. Its power
to inquire is only incidental, and is very rarely
exercised—1 mean the power to inquire by
testimony and through witnesses.
During the time that I have been in the
Senate, on the three or four committees of
which I have happened to be a member, I
remember but two cases in which testimony
was taken. One was before the Printing
Committee, and the other was before the
Committee on Public Lands. But mark the
difference. Here is a committee the main
function of which is to investigate, to inquire.
How do you inquire, how do you investigate,
except through testimony ? Therefore you
propose to raise a committee of investigation
without the power to obtain testimony. That
is a distinction which, it seems to me, is vital,
which entirely justifies the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts so to amend this
resolution as to vest in this committee the
power to send for persons and papers. A
committee of investigation without the power
to send for persons and papers seems to me
a committee which is in terms au absurdity,
and, in fact, a nonentity.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts to modify his amendment, or I
will move as an amendment to it, if it has not
got into that stage that it cannot be amended
further 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
be out of order. This is an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I suggest to the Sen-
ator to modify the amendment so as to author-
ize the committee to apppoint a clerk, and to
have power to send for persons and papers
during the present session.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am willing to make that
modification ifthat will suit Senators. 1 believe
we ought to do this, and then at the end of the
session, if it is deemed necessary, we can
authorize the committee to sit during the re-
cess. I am willing that it shall end with the
close of the session, unless we otherwise order,
but if there shall then beany necessity for con-
tinuing it, I shall vote for all propositions look-
ing to the most thorough investigation.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will go with the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the amendment, to the amend
nient, as changed by the suggestion accepted
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment, as modified, now reads:
And that the said committee be authorized to send
for persons and papers during the present session of
the Senate, and to report by bill or otherwise, and
also to appoint a clerk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of this amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not suppose
that this committee can accomplish very much
without, this power. I think it is essential that
they shall have it before they go into auy in-
vestigation. But, I am informed by Senators
older than I am. that it is not customary to
give such authority to any committee except
on special occasions, and when the authority is
asked for with reference to a particular exam-
ination or investigation. That being so. 1 shall
vote against the amendment, although there
will be instances in which I shall think it very
essential to secure this authority.
Mr. SLTMNER. I was astonished at, the
statement of the Senator from Connecticut as
to the practice of the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I so received it from
others.
Mr. SUMNER. Have we not had this very
Committee on Retrenchment with this very
power ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That was not a
standing committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Then do I understand the
Senator from New Jersey as saying that, that
is a sufficient difference to justify a refusal to
give this power now?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is all the dif-
ference, if the Senator asks me the question,
Mr. SUMNER. I do, most sincerely.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I answer very
promptly that the power, I believe, has never
been given to a standing committee to have
the unlimited right to send for persons and
papers which is proposed to be given here
now.
Mr. CONKLING. In either House.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In either House;
but that when a case occurs, the Senate or the
House of Representatives exercises its judg-
ment whether that is a case in which this
remarkable power shall be given to the com
mittee ; and so it ought to be here.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, Mr. President, we
have the instance of a Retrenchment Commit-
tee for five years with that power. There is
the historic fact; and now the Senator from
New Jersey says because that was a joint com-
mittee and this is a Senate committee, there-
fore the power should not be given. That is
his logic. That is the logic by which this
attempt is carried forward to throw an imped-
iment in the way of inquiry, for it, is so. That
is the logic, that a joint committee may have
the power and a Senate committee may not
have it.
Mr. CRAGIN. A joint select committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well ; a joint select
committee ; but a Senate committee may not
have it. The Senator from New Hampshire
does not share in that logic.
Mr. CRAGIN. I can see a distinction ; but
at the same time I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson.]
Mr. SUMNER. There is a distinction be-
tween cheese and chalk; that we all know. And
there is a distinction between a joint commit-
tee^and a Senate committee, and a distinction
between a select committee and a standing com-
mittee ; but the question is, whether in logic
there is any reason why one committee should
have this power more than another?
We are brought back, therefore, to the single
question whether we are willing to invest this
committee with the powers and attributes that
experience in other cases shows are needed in
order to carry forward an inquiry. I commend
Senators to the precedents, I think if they
will look at the precedents they will find that
on former occasions committees have had this
power. The Senator may say ''select com-
mittees;'1 but I dismiss the distinction; there
is nothing in it. A committee is a committee,
call it joint, call it standing, call it select, and
if there is a reason for one having the power,
then there is the same reason for the other
having the power. You cannot logically con-
fine the power to one committee and deny it
to another. At any rate so it seems to me,
and I have in my mind very clearly an historic
committee in this Chamber, where that power
was given and used on a very large scale.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
this is but a reiteration of what we have heard
a great many times, this charge that we are at-
tempting to impede investigation, and 1 hurl it,
back upon the gentlemen. 1 deny the charge
for mvself and for my associates. There are
gentlemen in this Chamber who have their
views of the Constitution, who I suppose are
as far from tolerating or conniving at frauds
as the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I have said nothing about
fraud. I have not mentioned the word.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The declaration
of the Senator from Massachusetts, which he
recedes from, as has been done on many other
occasions, was that we were attempting to
impede investigation; that is, aiding fraud ;
that is. conniving at fraud; and I will not sub-
mit, even from so distinguished a source, to
have that charge made against me before the
country.
The Senator commends us to experience.
What is the experience of the Senate? That
there never has been a standing committee
invested with any such authority as he claims
for this committee; but that on every occasion,
when it is desired to invest a committee with
