1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2879
bills, certainly that object would be attained
bv some such proposition as is now pending
before the Senate, and it would be attained
without depriving the Senate, or any member
of the body, of the freedom of debate in ref-
erence to the questions that are pending be-
fore it. ...
Mr. President, whenever it is attempted to
sustain a proposition by false reasoning, by
assuming positions that cannot be maintained,
and by an erroneous presentation of that propo-
sition, you may infer that it is not a sound
proposition. How is it sought to maintain
the original proposition ? It has been repeat-
edly said, and by different Senators, that when
an amendment is offered a majority can move
to lay it on the table, and that this limitation
of debate upon an amendment that is offered
does not apply to a discussion of the bill. Is
that a sound proposition ? I think the Senator
from Ohio made use of such an argument as
that. In other words, after a bill has passed
yon may discuss it as much as you please.
Let us pass it first, and then you may discuss
it if you warn to! After the amendment is
adopted and put upon the bill, then you^ can
discuss the bill, says the Senator from Ohio !
What, pray, is the object of discussion? It
is to point out the meaning of an amendment,
and, if the speaker is opposed to it, to show
why it ought not to be adopted. You deprive
him of that right and give him the glorious
privilege after it is adopted of speaking against
it! Is not that an absurdity?
Oh, but you can reconsider, says the Sen-
ator. But the majority do not want to recon-
sider ; the majority of the Senate desire to
force a measure through the body without
consideration, and ihis rule provides _th£ ma-
chinery to do it. Rules and constitutions are
established for the purpose of protecting the
rights of minorities. Majorities can take care
of themselves. The only liberty that is worth
having is liberty that is regulated by law; and
when you put it in the power of the majority
to do what they please there is no protection
for the minority. It is of the very essence
of despotism when you confer upon the ma-
jority the right, to do whatever it pleases, and
it is the beginning of despotism in the Senate
of the United States.
The Senator from Ohio has boldly avowed
what the intention is. It was asked where is
the danger from this proposition, and directly
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Nevada said they were for a previous question.
This is the beginning. If this rule shall be
adopted, this will be the first time that debate
has ever been limited in the Senate of the
United States by the rules of the body. It is
the beginning, and plausible reasons are sought
to be given for this first encroachment upon
free speech, as you will always find plausible
reasons given for the first encroachments of
despotism everywhere. It is to be followed
up, and we are so notified by Senators urging
this amendment, that they are for a previous
question in this body; they are for choking
debate.
Why, Mr. President, many of the most im-
portant measures that ever passed the Con-
gress of the United States have passed as
amendments to appropriation bills. The fam-
ous Wilmot proviso, if I recollect aright, was
passed as an amendment to an appropriation
bill; and if this rule is adopted, these appro-
priation bills will be resorted to for the pur-
pose of forcing upon the body the most ob-
noxious measures which the majority are
willing to indorse without discussion. Why,
sir, we shall have offered as amendments to
appropriation bills all these subsidy bills; the
bills to give subsidies to steamboat lines in
every direction, the bills to give subsidies to
railroads all over the land, the bills to give
away the public lands, to take the money out,
of the Treasury and bestow it upon pampered
monopolists. They will all be offered as
amendments upon appropriation bills.
But, says the Senator, if the majority is not
for them, they will not pass. Of course not;
but the minority that is opposed to them will
have no opportunity to expose their iniqui-
ties. Are. you, Senators, ready to adopt a i ule
that shall confine you to five minutes to
expose the iniquity of some steamship subsidy
bill? I do not say that all those bills are
iniquitous; but I say that many bills have
been introduced into Congress that ought to
have no sanction at. all; and are you willing to
tie up your hands in advance that you shall
have but five minutes to expose one of those
measures? You do it if you adopt this rule.
But, says the Senator from Ohio, you can
discuss the bill afterward. There is very
little encouragement to discuss a measure after
it is passed. " But if you show it is wrong
you can get it reconsidered." Not at all.
Then comes in the pride of opinion. Men
who have voted to put an amendment on a
bill are nor, indifferent after they have given
that vote, but their feelings and their inclina-
tions are to sustain the vote which they have
once given. That is human nature, and it
will operate in thebusiness transactions of the
Senate.
So, sir, the reasons that Senators have given
in support of this proposition, that the ma-
jority may lay an amendment on the table
under the present rules, or it maybe discussed
upon the bill after it is adopted, are found 011
examination to be unsound reasons. They do
not bear the test of examination.
Some Senator has said that the majority
ought to have the power to limit debate. If
you put that power in the hands of a majority
they may cut off the minority from all rights
and ail debate. Debate is not pleasant when
a majority of the Senate want to pass a par-
ticular measure. The debales of the minority
111 this body fifteen years ago were not, pleas-
ant to the majority when tiiey were attempt-
ing to force Lecompton down our throats.
The debates in this body when an attempt was
made by an appropriation bill to prevent the
money that was being appropriated for the
support of the Army being used to put down
the free-State men of Kansas were unpleasant
to the majority. Does my honorable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] remember
when we struggled here until September, in
1856, and refused to pass the Army appropri-
ation bill till we could get a provision on it
that the money taken out of tlie Treasury of
the United States and from the people of the
United States by taxation should not be used
for the purpose of murdering the fiee-Slate men
of Kansas? He and I stood together then.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senator from
Illinois will allow me to correct him. The
amendment he refers to was put on by the
House of Representatives, was sent to the
Senate, and was stricken out. I remember
the history of that'amendment very well. I
was then a member of the other House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was put 011 in the
House and we were voted down in the Senate,
and now the Senator from Ohio wants to make
a rule that would have gagged us against
exposing it.
Mr. SHERMAN. O11 the contrary, that
very bill under this pending proposition would
have been open to unlimited debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought I had answered
that question aboutits beingopen to unlimited
debate after the amendment was adopted. The
amendment of the Senate was to strike your
proposition off; and if the Senator from Ohio
had been here in that day, would we have
found him championing a rule that would have
denied the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself more than five minutes to show the
iniquity of the amendment that proposed to
strike out this provision in the House bill?
But after it had been adopted in the Senate,
the Senator from Ohio says, you could have
discussed the bill. Yres, pass a measure first
and discuss it afterward 1 Why, I need but
state such a proposition to have its absurdity
apparent to every intelligent man in Christen-
dom. The child will laugh at you when you
tell him that he has got the right to discuss a
bill or an amendment after it has been adopted?
No, Mr. President, if the Senator from Ohio
had occupied a seat here in 1856, we should
not have found him advocating a change of
the rule that should gag him and myself against
exposing the amendment that the Senate
sought to make to that appropriation bill of
the House; and we stayed here and we dis-
cussed the measure.
Now, this is 110 party question, this is no
question affecting one party more than an-
other, but it is the beginning of striking down
freedom of debate in the Senate of the United
States. The Senator says that this is an at-
tempt to get up a scare. When a proposition
is made and sought to be adopted that is new
in the history of the Government, and opposi-
tion is made to it, that, is getting up a scare;
and the Senator says, ''Oh. but the Senate will
always allow debate ; the majority will always
allow debate upon a public question." Some
Senator said that now we have had an illustra-
tion this morning of what a majority will allow.
1 wanted to put this resolution over until to-
morrow. It is a new measure sprung upon the
Senate. I asked postponement. See what the
majority will allow! They will force you to
act upon it, and if the Senator from Ohio could
have had his way, he would have had a previ-
ous question, and we should nothave discussed
this change in the whole history of the Senate
for even five minutes. He and the Senator
from Nevada would have adopted the gag
game this morning by the previous question.
You see what a majority will do to-day. Here
is a very important bill, an appropriation bill,
that we ought to pass; the public interests
require action upon it; but you lay it on the
table for the purpose of adopting here a rule
that is to gag the Senate. "Oh, no, it is not
intended to do that,-' says the Senator from
Ohio ; " you can talk on the bill just as long
as you could before." Then what have you
gained? Why cannot we go on with this ap-
propriation bill to-day? I venture to say
we could have passed it before this hour.
The discussion upon that bill is exhausted,
and there never has been any difficulty in the
Senate of the United States, when the discus-
sion upon a subject has been exhausted, m
coming to a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only exhaustion, I
remind the Senator, is the exhaustion of every
Senator, not of the Senate.
Air. TRLTMBULL. Nearly every great
measure that has passed the Senate and become
a law in the last fifteen years has been voted
upon by common understanding in the Sen-
ate after the debate had been exhausted upon
it. There was no difficulty in this body in
getting that common understanding. Senators
have been challenged to show wherein anybody
has unnecessarily prolonged debate in refer-
ence to these bills, where anybody has abused
the privilege of free debate, and they can point
out no instance. But instead of going on with
the deficiency appropriation bill, finishing it,
the day is to be consumed in attempting to
force upon the Senate a rule to restrict debate
winch shall end in a previous question, and
gag the representatives of the States in this
, body for the luture.
j We have been reminded that an understand-
i ing was come to upon a tariff bill when it was
pending here on some occasions, by which we
' limited ourselves to five minutes in discussing
| amendments to it. That is an illustration of
; the courtesy and good understanding among
the members of this body, which will adopt
' by unanimous consent the necessary arrange-
J menls to bring to a vote a pending question
: when the debate upon it shall have been ex-
' liausted. But here is a proposition to adopt a
j rule in advance, to put it in the power of the
| majority to cut off discussion. Beware, Sen-
