1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-1087
by Major H. V. Sullivan, paymaster United
States Army, and the amount of pay stopped
against Humphrey M. Woodyard, deceased,
lieutenant colonel twenty-first regiment Mis-
souri infantry volunteers, was$l,099 07,which,
after the death of Humphrey M. Woodyard,
was found erroneously stopped. The bill there-
fore authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay Alice N. Woodyard, Nan-
tillaM. Woodyard, Marce B. Woodyard, James
N. Woodyard, and Sue T. Woodyard, the sum
of $1,099 07, being the amount due the heirs
of H. M. Woodyard, deceased.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JONAS HOCII.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported adversely on
the memorial of Jonas Hoch, of Kutztown,
Berks county, Pennsylvania; and the same
was laid on the table.
EDWARD CAVENDY.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported back the petition
of Edward Cavendy, United'States Navy, for
compensation for invention of "tripod" for
taking zenith observations at sea, &c., and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
SESSION OF SATURDAY.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to make a privileged
motion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next. .
Mr. COBURN. I hope that will not be
done. There is an immense amount of pri-
vate business to be transacted, and the Com-
mittee of Claims and the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs ought to have to-morrow.
Mr. PETERS. I beg to say to the gentle-
man that private business is being got through
during the present session with unusual rapid-
ity.
The SPEAKER. The motion is privileged,
and is not debatable.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Peters, there were—ayes 91, noes 28.
Mr. COBURN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes fourteen; not a suffi-
cient number.
So the yeas and nays wer&not ordered, and
the motion of Mr. Peters was agreed to.
Mr. OOX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Some time subsequently the following pro-
ceedings took place:
Mr. WALDEN. Several members desire
that there shall be a session to-morrow for
debate only, no business whatever to be trans-
acted. I ask unanimous consent that that
arrangement shall be made.
The SPEAKER. The House has already
agreed to adjourn over till Monday. But
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Waldes]
asks unanimous consent that there shall be
a session to-morrow for debate only, no busi-
ness to be transacted. Is there objection to
this arrangement?
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
that there should be a session of the House on
Saturday for debate only.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, and this being the third Friday
of the month, business is now in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
NEW DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, repprted
a bill (H. R. No. 1552) in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia; which, was read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It proposes to create as
a board of commissioners the Secretary of the
Interior, the chief justice of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and the Governor
of the District, with full power to carry out
the provisions of the act approved July 25,
1866, authorizing the construction of a jail in
and for the District of Columbia, and the acts
amendatory thereof. And the commissioners
are directed to cause the work of bnilding the
jail provided for to be entered upon without
delay; provided the board shall have authority
to change the site heretofore selected, and so
modify the plans as shall to the commissioners
seem to be for the best interests of the Dis-
trict of Columbia ; and pTOvided further that
nothing herein contained shall operate to in-
crease the appropriations heretofore made by
Cengress for the erection of said jail; and
provided further that the District of Colum-
bia shall be required to pay to the Govern-
ment of the United States the sum of $90,000
required by the act of Congress approved
March 2, 1867, amendatory of the act of July
25, 1866, herein referred to, as obligatory on
the then existing governments of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown ; and all laws
inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 will state that
this bill has been prepared on the suggestion
of the Secretary of the Interior, ana that it
provides for no additional appropriation. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior, the
chief justice of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the Governor of the
District, to act as a board of commissioners,
in determining the site and proceeding with
the work of constructing the jail. I suppose
there can be no objection to the bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would like to ask
the gentleman whether the effect of this bill is
to revive an old appropriation? He says it
does not contain an appropriation, but does
it revive an appropriation which has already
expired ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would say that
it revives no preexisting appropriation; the
appropriation not having been covered into
the Treasury, it remains the same as before.
- Mr. FINKELNBURG. When was it made?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Four or five
years ago. The bill is guarded thoroughly,
as the gentleman will observe. The commit-
tee examined the question of the previous
appropriation and found that it still existed,
and this bill simply provides, so far as the old
appropriation is concerned and so far as the
obligation of the District of Columbia is con-
cerned, that the matter shall remain precisely
as it is now.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Now, I will ask the
gentlemen whether, when the territorial act
was passed, it was not passed upon the assur-
rance that hereafter Congress would not be
asked to put up county buildings.or District
buildings, or buildings for the local govern-
ment in this District, and that we would be
spared any business or appropriations of this
kind hereafter, and whether this appropria-
tion, having been made before the new govern-
ment took effect, ought not to be left unused,
and the people here to take care of their own
local institutions as they promised to do?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This bill does
not change the preexisting legislation on the
subject at all. It provides that the $200,000,
more or less of which remains, which had been
appropriated by the Government on tho con-
dition that the" District of Columbia should
appropriate $90,000, shall go toward the fund
for erecting , this' building. There is a differ-
ence of opinion as to the proper location of
this jail, and this bill merely provides this,
that a commission consisting of the Secretary
of the Interior, the chief justice of the Dis-
trict court, and the Governor of the District
may settle this question of the location of the
jail. The bill leaves the matter as it was be-
fore the District government was established.
I will state that in my judgment it would be
too late to make any change now, because
already material has been furnished, work
commenced,-and contracts made in which the
General Government and the District govern-
ment, or the city governments prior to the
organization of the territorial government
here, have acted. The question now is whtether
they have selected the best location. The
commission are to decide that question, but
it will not change at all the liability of the
General Government or of the District. The
new District government succeeds entirely in
the same proportion in paying its part of this
expense that has been agreed to by the old
government of the District.
Mr. MOORE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman if the $200,000, after it was appro-
priated, was not covered into the Treasury of
the United States?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It was not cov-
ered into the Treasury. _ In a ease like this,
where a large appropriation has been made, a
portion of it expended, and the District had
furnished a portion of their share of the money
and agreed to furnish the rest, the appropria-
tion was not to be covered into the Treasury
under the legislation of Congress.
Mr. MOORE. If the District of Columbia
made an appropriation of $90,000, was it not
made before the new Government came into
existence V
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will state that
the District of Columbia had entered into an
obligation, and had bound themselves to fur-
nish their share of the money.
Mr. MOORE. Had that obligation been
fulfilled, and had they made the appropriation
before the new government came in ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. They had done
all they agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. Had they made an appro-
priation of $90,000?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As fast as the
Governmentmade expenditures, and when they
were called upon, the District of Columbia was
to furnish the $90,000. But a small part of
the work has been done, but the new organ-
ization of the District is bound to furnish its
share of the amount necessary toward com-
pleting this work.
Mr. MOORE. What I want to know is if
the new government has, since its existence,
made an appropriation of $90,000? Whether
that appropriation, in behalf of the District
of Columbia, has been made under the new
organization?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The old organ-
ization entered into a stipulation in connec-
tion with the General Government to furnish
$90,000. They were bound by that obliga-
tion, and when the new government was estab-
lished, that government, by the terms of th8
organic act, weie required to do precisely what
the cities of Washington and Georgetown had
agreed and bound themselves to do. The
present District organization is required to
furnish that $90,000 according to their-stipu-
lation.
Mr. MOORE. The difficulty with me is
this: Congress made an appropriation for a
specific purpose, to be given to the District
of Columbia to build a jail, provided there
should be raised on the part of the District of
Columbia the sum of $90,000. Under the old
organization, during the existence of the old
organization, as I understand, those conditions
