1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
Milton Speor, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton,
Stowell, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Turner. Ty-
ner, Upson. Vaughan, Waudell. Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Warren, Whitthorne, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, JohnT.
Wilson, Wood, and Young—147,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Averill,
Barnum, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Boles, James Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark,
Freeman Ciarke, Cobb, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Critch-
er, Davis, De Large, Du Bose, Forker, Garfield, Grif-
fith, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, George B. liarris,
Hereford, Holman, Kellogg, Kins:, Kinsclla, Lam-
port, Leach, Lynch, McJunkin, McKee. McKinney,
Merrick, Moore. Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley. Packer, Perce, Piatt. Poland, Porter,
Rainoy, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Slocum, Worthington
C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Strong, St. John, Suther-
land, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
Twichell, Voorhees, Walls, Wells, Wheeler, White-
ley, Williams of New York, and Winchester—79.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question next recurred on the motion
of Mr. Beck, to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
3-5, noes 88.
Mr, BECK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 25, nays 131, not voting
84; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Beatty, Beck,
Campbell, Du Bose, Duke, Hambleton, Kerr, King,
Lewis. McNeely, Merrick, Potter, Read, Ritchie,
Storm, Swann, Terry, Dwight Townsend, Van
Trump, Warren, Winchester, Wood, and Young—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Averill, Barry, Bell,
Beveridge, Bighy, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bufiinton,
Burohard, Burdett, Caldwell, Coburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Conner, Creely, Crocker, Crosslantl, Dickey,
Donnan, Dox, Daeli, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Ely,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry D.
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Gotz, Gol-
laday, Goodrich, Griffith, Halsey, Ilandley, Hanks,
Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton, ilerndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kelley, Ketcham, Killinger, Lowe, Manson,
Marshall, Maynard. McUlclland, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McIIenry, Mclntyre, Mercur, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe. Morey, Negley, Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Pendle-
ton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Poland, Pnndle,
Randall, Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saw-
yer, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Sho-
ber, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum,Sloss, II. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speei\ Sprague,
Starkweather. Stevens. Stevenson, Stoughton, Stow-
ell,Tnffe,Washington Townsend, Turner, Tyner, Up-
son, Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, and John T. Wilson—131.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barber. Barnum, Bingham. James G. Blair, Boles,
James Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman Ciarke,
Cobb, Comingo, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Dar-
rall, Davis, Dawes, De Large, Eidredgc, Farwell,
Forker, Garrett, Haldeman, Hale, Hancock, Havens,
Hereford, Hoar, Holman, Kellogg, Kendall, Kin-
sella. Lamison. Lamport. Lansing. Leach, Lynch,
McGrew, McJunkin, McKee, McKinney, Merriam,
Moore, Morgan, Morplns. Leonard Myers, Niblaok,
Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Price, llainey, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield,
Seeley, Sheldon, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Sny-
der. Thomas J. Speer, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill. Twichell, Voorhees, Walls,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
message j?rom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a resolution directing its
Secretary to request the House of Represent-
atives to return to the Senate the bill (S. No.
251) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company as hereafter constructed a
post road, and for other purposes," approved
March 2, 1868.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles ; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 801) granting a right of wa.y
to the Mobile and Alabama Grand Trunk Rail-
road Company through and over lands owned
by the United States ; and
A bill (S. No. 685) for the relief of B. C.
Pressley.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed without amendment a
bill of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. R. No. 2047) to provide for the
exchange and transfer of two small parcels of
land in the city of St. Louis, Missouri.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. KERR. I now renew ray motion, that
the House take a recess until seven o'clock
this eveuing.
The SPEAKER. That motion is pend-
ing.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
that the bill be laid upon the table. I desire
a vote on that motion as a test vote.
Mr. KERR. Not yet.
Mr. DICKEY. Let that motion be put.
It is a very good way to test the sense of the
House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I believe the
sense of the House was tested on that motion
the other day.
Mr. DICKEY. There can be no objection
to doing it again.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Townsend]
would not perhaps be strictly iu order, because
the bill is in one sense at the same stage as
when the motion to lay on the table was form-
erly made; and the rules of the House do
not allow a motion to lay on the table to be
offered more than once, when a bill is at the
same stage. But inasmuch as the House
gave liberty for divers and sundry amend-
ments to be proposed, the Chair would rule
that the bill may be considered as being now
at a different stage, which would make the
motion of the gentleipan from New York
[Mr. Townsend] admissible. The Chair, at
least, would not feel justified in ruling it out.
Mr. KERR. Does not my motion, that the
House take a recess, have precedence of the
motion to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. When the two motions
are pending, that for a recess must take pre-
cedence.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would again
appeal to the gentleman who has charge of
this bill to agree that certain amendments
shall be voted on.
Mr. BECK. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Is it in order to move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] by making the recess extend until
ten o'clock to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BECK. Then I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would stale
that there can be no trouble about finding
motions of a dilatory nature. The motion to
fix the day to which the House shall adjourn,
and the motion that the House do now adjourn,
can under the rales of the House be alter-
nated until the 4th March, 1873.
Mr. BECK. We will try to keep it up that
long, unless we are allowed to offer amend-
ments to the bill. If one fifth of the House
will stay, we will do it until our amendments
are admitted to be voted upon.
message from tub president.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated by Mr.
Hokace Porter, his Private Secretary.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] that the House take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend that motion
by making the hour to which the House shall
take a recess half past ten o'clock to-morrow
morning.
The question being put on Mr. Beck's amend-
ment, there were—ayes 3-1, noes 91.
Mr. BECK. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The quoetion being on ordering the yeas
and nays, there were—ayes thirty-seven.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 24, nays 132, not voting
84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer. Arthur, Beatty, Beck,
Campbell, Coburn, Crossland, Davis, Du Bose, Ham-
bleton, Hibbard, Kerr.King, Leach, McNeely, Mer-
rick, Niblack, Ritchie, Stevens, Storm,Swann,Terry,
Willard, and Winchester—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Bell, Beveridge, Biffby, Bigfys, Bird, Austin
Blair, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bufiin-
ton, Burchard, Caldwell, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton,
Cox, Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey, Don-
nan, Dox, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Barnes, Eldredge,
Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Halsey, Ranks, Har-
mer, Harner, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Havens. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Haaelton,
John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kendall, Kiilinger, Lamport, Lewis, Lowe,
Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, McCor-
mick, McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morey, Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer,
Isaac C.Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Eli Perry, Poland,
Pnndle, Randall, Ellis H. Roberts, Roosevelt, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sherwood,
Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer<
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland. T&ffe. Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner, Upson,
Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallaoe,
Wells. Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne. Williams
of Indiana, John T. Wilson, and Young—132.
JNOX VOT1HG—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnuin,Bmgham, James G.Blair, Boles, Braxton,
James Brooks, Burdett. Benjamin F.Butlor, Roder-
ick It. Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Coiningo, Conner, Critcher, Darrall,
De Large, Elliott, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Frye,
Haldeman, Hale, Hancock, Handley, Hereford. Hill,
Holman, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Kinsella, Lami-
son, Lansing, Lynch, McKeo, McKinney, Merriam,
Moore, Morgan. Morphis, Leonard Myers. Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Porter, Potter, Piice, llainey, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Rogers, Rusk, Seeley, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Strong, St.
John, Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill, Twichell, Tyner,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Walls, Warren,
Williams ot New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Wood—84.
So the amendment of Mr. Beck was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Kerb, that the House now take a recess
till seven o'clock p. m.
Mr. BEAUT. I move to amend that mo-
tion so that the House shall now take a recess
till eleven o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope if we are
to take a recess it will be to an earlier hour
than that; but I hope we will not take a recess
yet.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Beatty; and upon
a division there were—ayes 43, noes 79.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KERR. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground does
the gentleman submit that motion ?
Mr. KERR. Did a quorum vote on the last
vote?
The SPEAKER. A quorum voted.
Mr. KERR. I will not press the motion for
a call of the House.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-four in
the affirmative.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers
on the question of ordering the yeas and
nays; I want to exercise these gentlemen a
little. .
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were twenty-nine in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of a quorum) tellers were ordered; and
Mr. Farssworth and Mr. Beatty were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
