140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
Senate.
The Tariff—Mr. Scott.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
England acted when she was nursing the same
industry. I have been struck in reading a
book, not written upon political economy, but
to give the history, political, social, and reli-
gious of that remarkable people, the Hugue-
nots, with the development of various indus-
tries introduced by them into England. I
refer now to this particular industry in connec-
tion with the testimony of this silk-weaver." I
read from page 250 of Smiles' History of the
Huguenots:
"Another writer, Mr. Samuel Fortrey, describing
the m ternational trade betw een England and France
in 1663, set forth the great disadvantages at which
the English manufacturers were then placed, and
how seriously the balance of trade was against Eng-
land. Goods to the amount of above two and a
half millions sterling were annually imported from
France, whereas the value of English goods exported
thitber did not amount to a million." "The chief
manufactures among us at this day," said he, "are
only woolen cloths, woolen stuffs of various sorts,
stockings, ribandings, and perhaps some few silk
stuffs, and some other small things, scarce worth
the naming; and those already mentioned are so
decayed and adulterated that they are almostout of
esteem both at home and abroad."
Of the efforts to establish the silk industry
we have this account:
" The English Government had long envied France
her possession of the silk manufacture, which gave
employment to a large number of her people and
was a great source of wealth to the country. An
attempt was made in the reign of Elizabeth to in-
troduce the manufacture in England, and it was
repeated in the reign of James I. The king issued
instructions to the deputy lieutenants of counties
that they should require the landowners to pur-
chase and plant mulbetry trees for the feeding of
silkworms; and he granted a license for twenty-one
years to one William Stallenge to print a book of
instructions lor their guidance. It appears that M.
de Verton, Sieur de la Forest, commissioned by the
king, traveled all over the midland and eastern
counties selling mulberry trees at a low fixed price
(six shillings trie hundred) and giving directions as
to their cultivation. -The corporation of the city
of London also encouraged the first attempts at in-
troducing the manufacture; and wc find Irom their
records that in 1609 they admitted to the freedom of
the city one Robert Therie, or Thierry, on account
of his skill and inventions, and as' being the first in
England who hath made stuffs of silke, the which
was made by the silkworms nourished herein Eng-
land.' "
In a note the manner in which England
treated foreigners who came to carry on man-
ufactures already established is thus given in
contrast with that:
"The corporation were not alike liberal in other
cases; for we find them, in the same year in which
they admitted Thierry a freeman and citizen, ex-
pelling one John Cassell 'for using the trade or art
of twisting worsted yarn in Bartholomew Within, in
the liberties of the city, he being no freeman, but a
stranger born, contrary to the custom of the city.
It is thereforo thought fit, and so ordered by this
court, that Mr. Chamberlain shall forthwith shut up
the shop-windows of the said John Casseli's shop,
and shall remove within a month all his goods, fur-
niture, &c., to other places, which he promised to
do."
England encouraged the establishment of
the manufacture which she had not, but when
a foreigner came to establish one that she had
she drove him out and shut up his shop.
How did she encourage hers? 1 read from
page 2BO:
"To protect the English manufactures, the im-
port duties on French silks were at first trebled. In
1692, five years after the revocation, the manufactu-
rers of lustrings and alamode silks were incorporated
by charter, under the the name of the lloyal Lust-
ring Company; shortly after which they obtained
from Parliament an act entirely prohibiting the im-
portation of foreign goods of like sorts. Strange to
say, one of the grounds on which they claimed this
degree of protection was that the manufacture of
these articles in England had now reached a greater
degree of periection than was attained by foreigners,
a reason which ought to have rendered them inde-
pendent of all legislative interference in their favor.
Certain it is, however, that, by the end of the cen-
tury, the French manufacturers in England were not
only able to supply the whole of the Ihiglishdomand,
but to export considerable quantities of their goods
to those countries which France had formerly sup-
plied.
Uiere is the doctrine of protection and its
results, a home market supplied arid a surplus
for export. Thus I might proceed to enum-
erate the many new industries the Huguenots
introduced in England, the histories of which
all speak in the same language; but I forbear.
Having, however, introduced the subject with
a quotation from Mr. Wells's report, let me
close it with one from an equally eminent free
trader, showing not only his discernment of
the truth that it is a labor question we are
dealing with, but that at this peculiar juncture
of our affairs we cannot with safety or justice
to the industrial interests of the country re-
duce our tariff duties. I quote from the speech
of Mr. Opdyke, of New York, in the proceed-
ings of the National Board of Trade, held in
St. Louis in December last, in which he said:
" It is not my purpose to occupy the attention of
the board but a ferf moments in stating my general
views upon this subject. It is proper that I should
declare, at the outset, that my views are perhaps as
entirely on the side of free trade as those of any
other citizen of the United States. I believe, after
a very thorough examination of the whole theory
and practice of protection, that it is afallacy, and
injurious to the material interests of any country
which adopts it. [Applause.] I believe its ultimate
effect to be expressed in the aphorism, to misdirect
and waste the productive energies of the country
that adopts the policy.
"After having made that clear, positive and sin-
cere declaration, I desire to add that I "am, for the
present, entirely opposed to any change of the tariff.
There may seem to be a contradiction in that, but
to my mind both positions are entirely sound. As
has been said by many members of this body, includ-
ing myself, the present condition of our currency is
an offset to almost any tariff of duties levied by our
Government, as I will explain in a very few words.
" As I said before, and as evidenced by the en-
hanced cost of labor, of machinery, of raw material,
and of everything iu this country, themanulacturer
cannot to-day produce his finished articles short of
an increased cost of at least sixty per cent, over
what they cost before the issue of our irredeemable
paper money. The importers, a class to which I
have always belonged myself until recently—the
importer to-day can go abroad and buy his manu-
factured products for gold, at the value of gold now,
and, save the slightly increased etfst of production,
he can buy at the same cost virtually as before we
adopted our paper-money currency. Ho brings his
imports to our custom-houses and pays an average
duty of fifty percent, on the foreign cost in gold.
Both the cost abroad and the duly paid here are
paid in gold. He sells those commodities for cur-
rency and takes his currency and buys the gold at
ten or eleven per cent, premium, to pay the foreign
cost and the duty. Therefore, he can import to-day
within ten per oent. as cheaply as ho could import
before the war. The manufacturer, as I have said,
cannot produce his finished commodities short of
an increased cost of about sixty per cent. You will
readily perceive, therefore, that the consequence is,
that this tariff of duties, averaging about fifty per
cent., is simply an offset to the disadvantage created
by the present anomalous condition of our currency,
or, rather, the anomaly which exists of forty or fifty
per cent, difference between the appreciation of
labor and the appreciation ofgold."
Mr. Opdyke has struck the fact to which the
country must give heed, and it is this: gold
went up during the war; labor went up with
it; commodities went up also; but from two
hundred and eighty-seven which it reached,
gold has fallen to ten per cent, premium ; com-
modities have fallen also ; but while gold and
commodities have fallen, labor has not followed
them in the fall ; and, sir, it will not follow
them. What Mr. Opdyke calls " the anomaly
whicn exists of forty or fifty per cent, difference
between the appreciation of labor and the
appreciation ofgold" will continue so longns
to lose its character as an anomaly. Labor
will never recede to the figure at which it could
be employed in former times, even when our
currency shall be again upon a specie basis,
unless we yield to the clamor for free trade,
deluge our market with foreign goods, and
thereby close our manufactories, turn labor
from its accustomed into unaccustomed chan-
nels, and compel it to accept employment at
such wages as will enable capital to compete
with the product of the labor of Europe. As
the majority of our people are in one form or
another laborers, and laborers for wages, such
a calamity, if it come at all, cannot long endure
where the ballot is universal. Education has
accomplished too much for that. In all our
northern States the free-school systems have
been in operation for a generation; in some
longer. Last year Pennsylvania spent over
eight million dollars for educational purposes.
The people in the southern States are demand-
ing education. Property is, it is true, in many
instances, rebelling against the tax necessary
to give it, but it will be given, and what will
be the result? Just what it is where the boys
of a generation ago are active men ou the
theater of life now. Their fathers may have
gone to their daily toil for fifty cents a day,
and retired ai night to rest, passing the abodes
of wealth and luxury and failing to reason out,
or perhaps not starting the inquiry, whether
that half dollar was a fair divide of the product
of their toil as between capital and labor. But
the boy who, in 1836 or 1840, was a common-
school scholar and has been reading the daiiy
newspaper ever since, is not only a worker but
a thinker. If he leaves his toil at the Battery
in New York with his one dollar and a half or
two dollars for his day's work in his pocket,
and passes up Broadway to his home, as he
goes by the Astor House or the Fifth Avenue
Hotel, the thought strikes him that there is,
perhaps, some adjustment needed of the rela-
tions between capital and labor when he reflects
that his employer lives in the hotel at an ex-
pense for himself alone of from five to ten
dollars per day upon the products of that toil
which maintains a family upon one dollar and
a half or two dollars per day.
I do not say the disparity is in itself a wrong
to be remedied by our legislation, but it exists,
and intelligent labor is considering it, and wo
must meet it; and how? By paying such
wages as will enable the laborer in every walk
of life to live comfortably with his family, to
clothe them decently, feed them plentifully,
and furnish them books, and spare their labor
in their younger years so that they may go to
school and fit themselves for the duties of
citizenship and the struggle of life. In this
way only can we make labor contented and
capital secure.
Mr. President, this country cannot afford
cheap labor, for it implies want, privation,
ignorance, and discontent. Our form of gov-
ernment demands, and it is our duty to pursue
the policy which will secure virtuous, educated,
intelligent, useful, and contented citizens. I
will not proceed to draw the contrast which
exists between the well-fed and comfortable
laborer and his family here, and the ill-fed,
discontented laborer in European countries.
The tables of wages I have given must suffice
to suggest the consequences which follow from
them.
It is'the labor question I present. It is not
the interests of capital that are involved so
much as those of labor. Capital can generally
take care of itself. If a manufactory stops
to-day, the product of past labor is the hands
of the proprietors will enable them to live
through the period of depression, but the work-
men have as a general rule no sucli depend-
ence, and when the little store is gone, if new
employment cannot be found, the alternative
is distress or work at lower wages.
You are asked then to reduce duties. What
for, if not that foreign products may be im-
ported at lower prices and take the place of
domestic manufactures? Look at the results,
fhe duty on pig iron was reduced two dollars
per ton in July. 1870, going into effect Janu-
ary 1, 1871, and we were told "that will take
that much oft' the price; that much per ton
will be saved to the consumer, and no longer
go into the hands of pig iron monopolists."
How was the prediction verified? The Secre-
tary of the Treasury tells ns thatin the first, six;
months of 1871 there was an increase in the im-
portation of pig iron of one hundred and twenty
per cent, as compared with the first six months
of 1870. The value of i#ig iron entered for
consumption from June 30 to December 31,
