192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
the right of sending for persona and papers,
that high power passes under the judgment of
the Senate; and in any proper case it never
will be refused.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says there
never has been a standing committee invested
with this power. Has there ever been a stand-
ing committee of the Senate with the objects
and purposes of this committee? Has there
ever been a standing Committee of Investi-
gation ? I ask the Senator to answer me.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will answer
the Senator. How can the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts then commend us to the light of ex-
perience if this is a new case and one that never
before existed? Let us not go by the light of
experience, but by the light of the Constitu-
tion, which declares that the rights of citizens
shall be inviolate as to their persons and prop-
erty.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, experience
shows that an investigating committee always
has had the power which my colleague now
asks the Senate to vote. My friend from New
Jersey is mistaken. A standing committee
has not usually had that power; but now,
through his efforts and those of others in this
Chamber, a standing committee is created for
the purpose of investigation, and the Senator
says that this standing committee shall not
have the powers which in the experience of
the Senate have always been conferred upon
investigating committees. I do not think the
Senator can mention one investigating commit-
tee that has ever been organized without that
power. But because he chooses, with others,
to name this a standing committee, he then
swiftly says, 11 argal, it raustnot have the power
of other investigating committees." That
seems to be his logic!
The Senator somewhat largely said that he
hurled back upon me an imputation. I have
made upon that Senator no imputation. I too
much honor that Senator to make any imputa-
tion upon him. I have not alluded to fraud ;
1 have not named it. 1 have used one single
term always in this debate, and that was " in-
vestigation.'' I have said that 1 was in favor
of it in the strongest and the most earnest
manner; and X have been sorry to see that
impediments were thrown in the way of the
investigation which I sought. Those" impedi-
ments we have witnessed daringthis last week
from the first moment that the Senator from
Illinois brought forward his proposition down
to the speech of the Senator from New Jer-
sey; impediment after impediment, deloy upon
delay, with an intervention of caucus upon cau-
cus, superfetation upon superfetation, and all
with one object, to interpose impediments to
the proposition of the Senator from Illinois.
Am I not right? And was I not justified in
calling attention to this last effort now made
by the Senator from New Jersey?
My excellent colleague asks you to confer
upon this committee the customary power
(conferred upon all investigating committees I
say) " conferred upon allinvestigating commit-
tees.'" I hold in my hand, and I should like to
have the Senator from New Jersey listen to it,
the authoritative work of Cushing on the Law
and Practice of Legislative Assemblies, and I
will read one sentence :
" When an assembly proceeds by means of a com-
mittee in the investigation of any subject, the com-
mittee may be, and usually is, authorized by the
assembly to send for persons, papers, and records."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No one dis-
putes that.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, the essential element
in this committee is, not that it is standing, but
that it is investigating. It is an investigating «
committee, and as such it should have all the i
means and powers that belongs to an investi- t
gating committee. One of the wittiest and !
cleverest remarks ever made by an American
statesman was that of Fisher Ames when be 1
said that a lie would travel from Maine to [
Georgia while Truth was putting onher bouts. !
And now in the same spirit I would say, fraud
and abuse will travel from Maine to Georgia
while Justice is putting on her boots. If 1
understand the Senator from New Jersey, he
wishes that Justice should continue without
her boots, so that abuse and fraud may travel
from Maine to Georgia while Justice is being
booted. I say that an investigating committee
should be ever ready; it should be ever booted;
it should not be obliged to pat on its boots and
meanwhile fraud and abuse escape. Why , sir,
the whole thing seems to me as simple as day-
light, and if Senators would only look at the
substance and forget for a moment the words,
I think they could not doubt as to the vote to
give. Let them forget that they are dealing
with a standing committee and consider that
they are dealing with an investigating com-
mittee. That is the substance.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I rise for
the purpose of making a brief but earnest ap-
peal to that majority intrusted here with its
part in the government of the country, to sup-
port this amendment. I have striven from the
time that this very unfortunate debate arose to
this very moment, to unite those who ought to
be united, and to secure the adoption of that
which is just and right.
Now, sir, the Senate has adopted an amend-
ment settling the principles upon which this
investigation is to proceed. We understand
that; the country will understand it. The
simple proposition now is to clothe the com-
mittee with power to have a clerk, to send
for persons and papers, and to report by bill
or otherwise. Adopting this amendment is
not inconsistent with the other. The amend-
ment applies only to the present session ; it
does not go beyond it.
Now, sir, I think we have been in an un-
fortunate position from the beginning. We
have had a great division about that in regard
to which there never should have been any
division among us. All Senators tell us that
they are in favor of investigation. Why, then,
appear to be otherwise ? Why appear to be
shrinking ? Why not let it be "flashed over the
country to-night that we have appointed the
committee, that we have instructed them to do
certain things, given them power to send for
persons and papers, to report at any time, and
to employ a clerk—fully armed them to enter
upon the great work of investigation, the great
work of retrenchment and reform? We all
profess to be in favor of it. Why not, then, start
out with it and settle the whole question
here and before the country at onee, and stand
united, strong, and determined to do all that
we can to retrench expenditutes, to prevent
abuses, to detect "frauds, and to punish the
men who, being intrusted with power, betray
the confidence that is confided in them? I do
not wish to take up the time of the Senate, but
I hope the Senate will adopt this amendment
and then let us close tha question.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to second the sug-
gestions of my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson.] Do let us end this contro-
versy now, although there is a distinction
between a standing committee and a select
committee, and the senior Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] on any occasion when
he was interested on the other side would see
it very clearly. A select committee is ap-
pointed generally for a temporary purpose,
and power is given it for that purpose: a
standing committee is different. But let us
give this committee this power for this session.
I wish to say, in addition to that, that this
debate to day has proceeded upon the theory
that this committee is powerless without this
authority. While J am willing to give them this
authority, I deny that proposition wholly; and
let me here just for one moment read the instruc-
tions. The committee are to be instructed —
To inquire into the expenditures in all braDchox
of the bervu'e of the United Stales.
I ask you, can they not do that without wit-
nesses? Can they not do that in Washington
by going to the Departments, by personal
investigation? Is there not work enough here
for this committee for month* without any
power to send for persons and papers? Cer-
tainly there is.
And to report whether any and what office' ourtt
to be abolished.
Is there not here, too, a broad field for
investigation which they can make personally
at these Departments? Mtist certainly there is.
Whether any and what salaries or allowances ought
to be reduced.
Can an examination of witnesses inform
them upon that subject?
What are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public money.
No witnesses are necessary to inform the
committee on that subject. They can investi-
gate it without the power to send for persons
and papers. But let us give them not only
this instruction to investigate a'l these subjects
which they can do personally, but let us give
them the authority to call for persons and
papers whenever in their judgment they shall
think it wise and best.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on adopting the amendment to the
amendment, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I will not detain the Senate ;
but as the yeas and nays are to be recorded on
this question, I beg permission to make one
suggestion. I felt that there was a great deal
of truth in what fell from the Senator frotn
New Hampshire a short time ago, that we were
disputing about a very small point. But now
upon this question, the Senate last week re-
solved that a standing committee, to be called
a Committee of Investigation and Retrench-
ment, should be appointed. To day a motion
was made to elect that committee, that certain
members of the Senate should compose that
committee.
It seems to me if the Senate had voted on
that proposition and had filled the committee,
and if then any other Senator had moved to
instruct the committee to inquire, just as it is
proposed now to instruct them, nobody would
have doubted the propriety of adding to those
instructions the power to send for persons and
papers. I judge so. because the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkltn'g] did propose to
instruct this committee to inquire specifically
about another subject, and he did add to his
proposition a clause declaring that they should
have the power to send for persons and papers.
The anachronism, if it is proper to call it
suc-h, seems to me to arise in the fact that the
Senator from Illinois couples with a proposi-
tion to elect certain members of the senate to
be the committee, certain instructions to the
committee; but if we can allow those instruc-
tions to be coupled with the proposition to
elect, I do not, see why we cannot just as well
add the other thing, add this power to them,
The Senator from Connecticut has already said
that he does not suppose the committee could
do much without this power. 1 do not sup-
pose there is a single Senator on this floor who
expects the committee, whenever it is ap-
pointed, to last twenty-tour hours without hav-
ing the power. It seems to me a mere ques-
tion of time, and I rather think we could save
time by agreeing to it now. So 1 am inclined
to vote with the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. As i understand,
objections ate made to giving any committee
of this body auihoiity to go whereier tliey
shall elect to go, with the power to send for
persons and papers and make investigation-,.
The Senate is not willing, and never ha^ been
willing, to trust any o! its committee-; to 'hut
extent, as I understand. I ?av. however, as
I said before, that I do not think this commit-
tee, or any othel cornmi'ti e, can make any
thorough investigation without thi1- authority,
ami I do not doubt that the Senate will give it
whenever they shall ask it. But if I understand
