2880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
ators, of adopting auch a rule in this body. It
will come back to plague you.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I had originally no
wish to participate in this discussion, but now
1 am disposed to do so. In the first place, to
simplify the proposition, it seems to me that
the test is, shall the majority or the minority
of the Senate prevail ? I have heard much
said pro and cun, but it seems to me that that
is the question simply stated, and that is the
only issue.
True, the resolution contemplates business,
and that means speedy action upon all the
great questions that are necessarily before us.
That certainly is not improper. The prop-
osition is, however, opposed with great ability ;
and the distinguished Senator from Illinois
throws himself in the front, as he often does,
with great success, and uever without great
ability; but, sir, upon this occasion, as upon
many others, I think he is in error. The prin-
ciple that he advocates will not prevail It
is not in the spirit of our Government. There
is nothing here that hecan invoke, that he can
build upon, to secure his argument. Had I
time I would canvass this question to some
extent.
But, again, I am reminded of the positions
invoked by the distinguished Senator from
Kentucky. lie reminds the Senate that they
had better move slowly ; two years hence there
may be a change of circumstances so far as
parties are concerned, solar as power is known
in the Senate of the United States. That may
be. In his able remarks on that subject he
instanced the great Democratic parly that he
said existed and prevailed triumphantly for
about sixty years. Now, sir, it occurs tu me
that when any one, through the blessing of
the Almighty, has been permitted to live sixty
years, particularly when he had been a bud
man, as I think the Democratic party has
been, and it is now being understood that the
party is dead, J propose not to come to the
rescue and resurrect it. We are told that it
simply sleepeth, that it is not dead. I accept
the admonition, it is the understanding of that
party to resurrect itattho first possible oppor-
tunity, whether it be by a third parly or under
any name, Liberal Republican, Conservative,
or forty aliases that I might introduce on this
occasion, but I meet the proposition without
any further ceremony and say that the majority
must look to this fact, is the proposition we
are advocating correct? If it be correct, 1 tell
you unmistakably that you are losing time
when you extend courtesy that is beyond the
limits which you are authorized to extend
when you know whom you are dealing with.
They say were they in power thus and so
would be meted out to us. Now, they are
not in power, and 1 am never going to give
them an opportunity, so far as 1 am concerned,
to come into power, because i tell you that the
very moment the Democratic party prevails,
whenever it comes into power, there is the end
of the Republican party, and that is not the
worst feature, it is the end of the Republic;
it is the end of the greatest Government that
man has ever been blessed with, and I, for
one, silently, or with my voice as loud as it
can be extended, will always stand up and ad-
vocate the principles of the Kepublican party
and the perpetuity of this great nation, and in
doing so we must look to the fact that we are
now in the majority. How are we thus placed ?
By whom are we undertaken to be rebuked
to-day? By those who at a very recent period
did all they could, sacrificed lives, millions,
nay billions of treasure, to do and failed to do
that which now they require at our hands in
courtesy to extend to them. It is not due to
them, and I, for one, shall not accord it to
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from California.
Mr. V'ICKERS. Let the amendment be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to strike out all after the word " re-
solved," and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing:
That no amendment to an appropriation bill
shall be in order unless it is germane to the bill ana
provides for an appropriation of public money in
pursuance of existing law.
Mr. DAYIS, of West Virginia. I ask for
the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator frorn
California, as some objection is made to the
phraseology of his amendment,—I am in favor
of the general purport of it—if he will listen
to the form in which I have put it, and see if
it does not accomplish the object,, and perhaps
avoid an objection that some Senators have
made :
That no amendment proposing general legislation
not germane to the bill shall be received as an
amendment to an appropriation bill.
It was objected to the Senator's amend-
ment that it had the word " appropriation in
pursuance of existing law," and that that
might perhaps narrow it too much. I shall
vote for the Senator's amendment, but I did
not know but that by changing the phraseol-
ogy a little and having it as I understand the
Committee on Rules once reported it, it might
perhaps command more votes if in his opin-
ion it would accomplish the object he desires.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will cheerfully accept
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
in place of my own, and offer it in that shape.
Mr. CONKLING. [ believe the yeas and
nays have been ordered. I object to the mod-
ification of the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered upon the substitute as
offered, and therefore it cannot be modified by
the Senator from California in consequence of
the inhibition of the tenth rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will offer it subse-
quently.
Mr. CASSERLY. I believe it to be quite
unusual to object to any consent to the mover
of a lesolution or an ameudinent to amend it
so as to suit him. I concede the power of a
Senator to make the objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator is
quite right, but this whole proceeding is so
unusual that I want it to be harmonious.
Mr. CASSERLY. I quite agree with the
Senator. I do not know anything more un-
usual than the proceeding which the Senator
has been sustaining since before the expira-
tion of the morning hour this morning.
Mr. CONKLING. We will not discuss that
now.
Mr. CASSERLY. The objection undoubt-
edly is in harmony with the original proceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the amendment of
the Senator from California.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 37; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casscrly, Davis of "West
Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary land, John-
ston, Kellv, Norwood, Stevenson, Stockton, and
Vickcrs—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Oonkhng, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
l'erry ol Michigan, Flanagan, Erehnghuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, llowe, Kellogg,
Lewis. Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Kamsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—37.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ba,yard, Blair, Brown low, Cam-
eron, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Eenton, Hamilton ot Texas, Hill, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pool, Ransom, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer. Sprague/Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and West—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nowl offerthe amend-
ment that I prepared as a substitute for the
resolution, striking out all after the word
"resolved," and inserting;
That no amendment proposing general legislation
not germane to tho bill shall bo received as an
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to say one
word about this. As the Senator from Illi-
nois has proposed this, it is a great deal worse
than the amendment to the rules that the
Committee on Rules reported in 1870, two years
ago, and which met with very decided opposi-
tion from the honorable Senator from Illinois,
and which was laid upon the table by a close
vote of the Senate, by his vote and by that of
every Democrat present except one. As it is
drawn, however good it might be if it were put
in proper shape—and I think it would be good
if put in proper shape—it would defeat en-
tirely the object we have of keeping schemes
off appropriation bills.
The Senator has been careful to use the
phrase " general legislation," but any special
legislation in the way of a subsidy, or any par-
ticular contrivance for any particular man, or
corporation, he is very careful to omit, which
is reason enough for my voting against this
amendment as it stands. If the Committee
on Rules, as I hope they will, shall report the
amendment that they reported two years ago
in substance, which was carefully framed after
study and consideration, and drawn so as
to provide for keeping an appropriation bill
what it ought to be, I should be very glad to
go for it,. But when the gentlemen who have
made the display they have here this morn-
ing undertake to shape an amendment to the
rules on a sudden in tais way, without its hav-
ing been introduced as the resolution of the
Senator from Pennsylvania was some days
ago, for one I must be excused from following
that'sort, of lead.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not recollect the
action which I took at the time referred to. I
have generally been opposed to tampering with
the rules of the Senate ; but if the Senate is
determined to adopt a five-minutes rule I think
the Senate ought to see the propriety of pro-
viding that general legislation should not go
upon appropriation bills. The Senator from
Vermont says that notwithstanding theamend-
meut which I have offered private schemes
might be adopted. My impression was that
we had a provision in our rules already that
no amendment providing an appropriation for
a private purpose was in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; for a private claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I do not recol-
lect the language of the rule. I submitted the
amendment which I drew to the Senator from
Kansas, who, I think, is chairman of the Com-
mittee on Rules, or one of its members at any
rate, and at his suggestion made a change in
it, and supposed I had it substantially as the
committee had recommended it. I may^ be
mistaken in that respect. My object certainly
is to make the amendment broad enough to
prevent important amendments being offered
to appropriation bills, whether in the way of
subsidy (which was a case of which I had
spoken when up before) or in the way of gen?
eral legislation. 1 hoped I should have had
the cooperation of the Senator from Vermont
in that purpose, for I think he and I harmon-
ize in our views as to the impropriety of put-
ting on appropriation bills schemes of any
kind or general legislation; and I should be
glad to have his skillful assistance in wording
the amendment so that it should accomplish
that object. I desired it to accomplish that
object, and so far as general legislation is
concerned I think it is. Perhaps, however, it
ought to be amended, and I should be obliged
if the Senator would have read the rule as it
was proposed by the committee, if he has it
before him, and perhaps that would be a better
form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to mats
any reply ; we have had debate enough for my
purpose to-day, though I am .very glad it has
taken place. I rise only to say a word in
reference to harmonizing the views of roy
