3776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
we aregoing beyond all appropriations hereto-
fore made for these reservations. It seems
to me tbere is a systematic effort to spend the
public money in this capital in any way which
may present itself, inutterdefiance of the policy
heretofore pursued of making only necessary
appropriations for takiug care of the public
buildings and grounds. Here is an appropri-
ation of $8,500 for taking eare of La Fayette
square. I hope it will be stricken out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
if he will listen to mo for one minute I will
answer the speech which the gentleman from
Indiana has made several times since we
have been on this bill. Last year the total ap-
propriations for buildings and grounds around
the Capitol in Washington in the bill corre-
sponding to this were $290,778. In this bill
the total appropriations are only $246,500,
being less by $44,000 than last year, and yet
the gentleman is constantly telling the House
we are swelling these appropriations. Some
are larger and some are smaller, but the aver-
age is less than heretofore. We have cut down
the estimates sent to us by the Secretary of the
Treasury from $500,000 to $246,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. But last year we had to
make all the improvements connected with
the agricultural grounds.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On this bill the
committee held forty full meetings, and de-
voted two Saturdays when the House was not
in session in traveling all over this town to
inform themselves perfectly in reference to all
these matters. They went to the top of the
President's House to see whether the roofing
needed repair, and into the cellar t.o test the
soundness of the timber alleged to be unsafe.
They made a careful inspection of all the items
in this bill. I may say they could not have
been considered more carefully than they were
by this committee. And 1 hope we shall not
be annoyed by the constant repetition of the
charge that we are spending large amounts
unnecessarily.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by re-
ducing the amount one dollar.
I do not care, Mr. Chairman, about the
annoyance the gentleman is subjected to.
That I do not take into account at all. The
appropriations for this capital are swelling
beyond any just public reason. I ask gentle-
men to compare the appropriations of this
bill with the appropriations made ten years
ago, and to observe the enormous progress
we are making in extravagance in our expendi-
tures in this capital. This miscellaneous ap-
propriation bill, which used to be a bill ap-
propriating a few million dollars, has swelled
into a bill which appropriates over seventeen
million dollars. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. GawikldJ need not talk about the care
the committee has taken. The only real care
they have taken seems to have been to make
these appropriations as large as possible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Thegentleman
takes no notice of the fact that the committee
have cut down the estimates under this head
from $500,000 to $246,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 pay no attention to the
estimates here whatever. The extravagance
begins with the ofiicers of the Department
who have charge of the estimates, and then
their extravagant estimates are sustained by
the action of Congress.
This it appears to me is a great big job.
Men coming here from all portions of this
Union, Representatives in Congress and out
of Congress, speculate in real estate, and the
result is that hundreds and thousands of dollars
are being appropriated here year after year,
not so much for the purpose of embellishing
the national capital, as for the purpose of
making property here available for purposes
of speculation. In no place in the United
States is the spirit of speculation so rife as in
this city of Washington, and this policy of
making enormous appropriations for the im-
provement of public grounds and the embellish-
ment of the city is simply playing into the
hands of sharpers about this Capitol, who
make the appropriations out of the national
Treasury a source of speculation and profit.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
one word further.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Washington aqueduct: for dwellings for keepers
of the water-gates, $1,500.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to strike out this
paragraph. I desire to have an understand-
ing if I can as to whom these water-works
belong to. Can the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations tell ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They belong
to the Government of the United States.
Mr. AMBLER. Yet the city of Washing-
ton collects all the water-rents. It seems to
me that if we have built water-works for this
city at an expense of $4,000,000, which I un-
derstand is about the amount, and have given
them over to the city authorities for their own
use, it is about time we turned over the care
of the water-works to them also. I think that
if the city gets the benefits resulting from
these water-works it ought to be willing at
the same time to take upon itself the expense
of maintaining them. I hope this appropria-
tion will be stricken out.
Mr. PALMER. It is true that the original
cost of this work was borne by the United
States, and the expense of maintenance, so
far as the appropriations for the salaries of
officers and for repairs are concerned, is
borne by the United States. But the benefits
also of the work are shared by the United
States. The Treasury Department derives a
large benefit from it in the use of the water
furnished for the machinery there. The navy-
yard also has the benefit of it. If the benefits
were to be measured m dollars and cents, they
would more than compensate for the amount
that is annually appropriated by Congress for
the maintenance of this work. That is my
answer to the statement of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. AMBLER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa allow me to say a word further?
Mr. PALMER. 1 yield to the gentleman
the balance of my time.
Mr. AMBLER. I understand, Mr. Chair-
man, that the expense of the construction of
this work thus far has been about four million
dollars. The interest upon that would be
about two hundred and forty thousand dollars.
In addition to that, we appropriate by this
bill $70,555 to the support of the work, mak-
ing an aggregate of over three hundred thou-
sand dollars a year which we are paying for
water-works for this city. We use some water
at the Treasury Department and some at the
Navy Department, undoubtedly ; but that all
we use amounts, at fair water-rates, to a tenth
part of the expense it is to us, taking into
consideration the interest on the investment,
I think no gentleman will undertake to say.
The question being taken on Mr. Ambler's
motion to strike out the paragraph, there
were—ayes 30, noes 50 ; no quorum voting.
The Chairman, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Ambler and Mr.
Swans.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 75.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For purchase of land for road from the Great falls
to eonduitroad, >3,130; and all theforegoing appro-
priations for the service of the Washington aqueduct
are hereby made available immediately upon the
passage of this act.
Mr. COBURN. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the close of the paragraph :
Provided, That the water-rents shall be applied to
the payment of all sums herein appropriated for
work, repairs, and salaries, and if they shall not be
sufficient then the balance shall be paid from the
Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make thepoint
of order that that amendment changes the
existing law.
Mr. COBURN. In what respect?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Becausc by ex-
isting laws tbe corporation of Washington are
entitled to these water-rents.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COBURN. I wish the gentleman would
point out the law.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Indiana appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. COBURN. I think the House is enti-
tled to know what law thegentleman refers to.
I desire, if there is any such law which inter-
feres with this amendment, that it shall be
read.
The CHAIRMAN. As to that part of the
amendment which provides for the payment
of the deficiency out of the Treasury of the
U nited States, that certainly creates a new law.
Mr. COBURN. Then I will strike out the
latter part of the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. It is still liable to a point
of order.
Mr. DICKEY. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. It is a restriction on the
appropriation, and I do not think it is out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not a restriction
on the appropriation at all. It provides for
another mode of disposing of the water-rents.
The Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to know what law
it changes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Thegentleman
cannot debate the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman de-
sires to debate an appeal it is his right to
do so. Does the gentleman appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. COBURN. I dislike to appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to amend by in-
serting at the end of the paragraph these
words:
Provided, That the water-rents hereafter collected
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
same point of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. AMBLER. I wish the gentleman
would tell us where the law is. I supposed
there was such a law, but I have been unable
to find it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
out the paragraph for the purpose of asking
what is the necessity of building this road
from the Great falls to the conduit road, and
what use is it to be to the Government ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will tell the
gentleman. The Government owns the right
of way to the aqueduct, but there is a cliff
of rock through which the aqueduct was dug
so precipitous that there are no means of
traveling around it to superintend the aque-
duct without making a detour. There is a
piece of ground near the aqueduct over which
we have not the right of way, but we have
had by sufferance the right to go over the
ground. The parties are no longer willing to
have it used in this way, and if they close it
up, as they have a right to do at any day, we
shall be compelled to go around several miles
to get at the head of the aqueduct at the Great
falls.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
_ For rebuilding the Chain bridge, on the Potomac
river, $100,000, or so much thereof as may he necessary:
Provided, That the bridge shall be rebuilt as a sab-
