1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
the practice of the Senate, it is to give it to ac-
complish a particular object. Now, if you could
show me that there are precedents in the Sen-
ate for authorizing a committee 10 exercise this
power at their discretion beyond the iestric
tions of the Senate, then I think that I could
vote for this amendment. We want the thing;
the power we must have, or our labors will be
in vain.
Mr. IIOWE. My friend and I will always
act together, 1 know, if we understand each
other alike, and he will ihcreforo allow me to
ask him if he does not overlook the fact that
in the very act of appointing this committee
it is proposed to instruct the committee to do
certain things? Now, the suggestion I made
was that if those instructions had been made
after the coir mittee was appointed, there would
have been no possible objection to coupling
with those instructions the power to send for
persons and papers, any more than there was
to the Senator from New York coupling with
his motion that precise power. Am I mistaken
about that?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, if a vote is to be taken I shall interpose
no objection; but I rise to make a suggestion.
If we can vote now, let us vote ; if not, I sug-
gest that we fix to-morrow at one o'clock to
take the vote on this question. [" No!"
"Now!"] If the Senate will take the vote
now, I have no objection ; otherwise I shall
make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to make no counter
suggestion, but to ask Senators when this res-
olution is disposed of not to adjourn until I can
get action on a resolution directing something
practical, as I think, as the inception of in-
vestigation.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remark in reply
to the Senator from Connecticut that I believe
the precedents are uniform. I am subject to
correction by Senators, but I believe they are
uniform that an investigating committee has
this power. If the Senator from Connecticut,
who is about to assume the responsible duties
of chairman of this Committee of Investigation,
has doubts on the precedents or on the powers
of the committee he is about to direct, I must
say that I regret it very much, for I fear he
will not enter upon the investigation with that
virgor that the case requires. The Senator
begins by abnegation; he begins by calling in
question the powers of the committee which
he is to direct. He is to be our leader in re-
form. It is the Senator from Connecticut who
is before the country to unmask the abuses
which it is said exists, and he begins by doubt-
ing tue powers of the cornmiifee. 1 hope the
Senator will withdraw his doubt; 1 hope he will
accept the time-honored precedents of the
Senate which give every investigating com-
mittee the powers now moved by my colleague.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, 1 can
only say this: I desire, b 1 aia to act on the
committee, to have sufficient authority to
accomplish what the committee is aimed at.
1 do not think I occupy the position which the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumnes]
assumes in regard to doubting the power.
Whatever power you confer upon the commit-
tee, I think I shall be able to understand. It
is a question whether the Senate will confer
certain power, or whether it is advisable or
not.
I will say still further to the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that I desire nothing
but the most thorough investigation of every
question which shall come before this commit-
tee. I have no desire to shield any man or any
set of men who occupy a position against the
interests of this country; and so far as in me
lies—and 1 doubt not I shall have the cooper-
ation of every member of this committee if the
committee shall be appointed—I shall endeavor
to give whatever of energy I have (I am sorry
it is not more; lam sorry I am not more
skilled) to pursue the very path which the
Senate are disposed to have me pursue; but
■i f ^ r, ") >\ Q r.'C'O A i
so far as I am able it will be my desire to do
that which shall reform any and every abuse
in this Government which may come under
our examination.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I was referred to Gushing as authority on this
point, and I adopt it as an authority, and just
exactly the extract which was react, as show-
ing clearly the distinction which is drawn
between the different members of the Senate,
the difference between the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and myself, and the authority is
against the Senator and ih fevor of the view
which we have presented :
" When an assembly proceeds by means of a com-
mittee in the investigation of any subject, the
committer may be, and usually is, authorized by
the assembly to send for persons and papers."
Just what we claim, that when a committee
is directed by the Senate to investigate any
subject, as the subject of general orders con-
tained in the resolution presented by the Sen-
ator from New York, the committee will
usually and generally be authorized by the
Senate to send for persons and papers. The
whole point is, that in the exercise of this
extraordinary power, the judgment of the Sen-
ate, in addition to that of the committee, shall
be invoked to decide whether persons and
papers shall be sent for.
And, Mr. President, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts lias not forgotten the argument
which he made on this very subject, if I am
not mistaken, in the case of ihu Harper's
Ferry investigation, where, in regard to a com-
mittee of investigation, he made a most able
argument against that committee having the
lijrht to send for "persons and papers. But
whether tbatis so or not, the authority to which
I have been referred, arid which is held to be
authority, clearly holds to the doctiine that
the Senate shall pass upon the question wiu-ther
in regard to the given subject the committee
shall be invested or not with the power to sand
for persons and papers. Let, this committee
be appointed without giving it these extraor-
dinary powers, and let any Senator move to
commit to them a subject, and let them express
the desire that they shall have the power to
send for persons and papers, and if the Sen-
ate think it a case of sufficient importance, they
will so order, and thus we keep in check that
power and maintain the framework of our
Government.
Mr. SUMNKii. Mr. President, the ques-
tion is, adopting the language of the Senator
from New Jersey, whether we have not now a
given subject. That is the phrase—-'a given
subject." Why, what have we before us "but
a ptoposition to empower this committee to
male: certain investigationsm certain matters?
A given subject broader, to be sure, than
the g: "en subject to which the Senator from
New Jersev has called attention, but in all
respects a given subject—I follow the language
of the Senator from iNcvv Jersey. Therefore
we simply follow precedents, we follow the
text on which he lias leaned when we propose
to bestow upon this committee, charged wit ha
given subject, the ordinary power that is be-
stowed upon an investigating committee. I
submit that the text on which the Senator has
leaned supports the motion of my colleague.
Then I add, that reason, too, is in harmony
with that text.
Are you willing to make this committee
efficient? Will you have it swift, or will you
give it occasion for delay ? There is the dif-
ference between Senators. The Senator from
New Jersey is willing to interpose delay. Far
be it from me to suggest that he would shield
fraud. I know he would not. But we are to
be judged by our acts, by our votes; and the
Senator does seek to interpose an impediment
in the pursuit of fraud, if it be fraud that
shall be presented to this committee. I know
not what form the abuse will take. Are we
not told that fraud is manifold, infinite in
form ? What shape it will adopt when it comes
before this committee, I know not; but I think
the committee ought to be prepared for it; it
should be ever ready with its boots on, and
not, as the Senator from New Jersey seems to
desire, with boots off.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on adopting the amendment to the
amendment, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr, ANTHONY. The Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] has been compelled to leave
the Chamber by illness. If he were here he
would vote in the negative.
The question being talcpn by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea3 27, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blnir, Casserly, Cooper,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, IVnton, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly. Lewis, Logan,
Patterson, Saulsbury, Sshuia. Spencer, Stevenson,
Stockton. Sumner, Thurmim, Tipton. Trumbull,
Vickers, We-st, Wilson, and Wmdom—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter. Chandler. Clayton, Oor-
bett. Edmunds, Perry of Michigan, Elanagan, Ere-
linghuysen, Hamlin, Osborn, Pomeroy, and Stew-
art—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Hrownlow. Bucking-
ham, Cole, Conklim;. Davis of West Virginia. Perry
of Connecticut, Gilbcic, Hamilton of Texas. Harlan,
Hill, Ilowe, Johnston, Morrill of JIaino, Morrill of
Vermont. Morton. Nve. Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson. Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, and
Wright—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on adopting the amendment as
amended.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer this amendment:
to strike out the names in the original resolu-
tion, namely, "Mr. Buckingham, (chairman,)
Mr. Pratt, Mr. Howe, Mr. Harlan, Mr. Stew-
art, Mr. Pool, Mr. Bayard, and Mr. Casserly
and in lieu thereof to insert:
Lyman Trumbull, (chairman,) Charles Sumner,
Eugene Casserly, Thomas 7?. Bavard. Henry B. An-
thony, Ruscoe Conklhig, Oliver P. Morton, and T.
W. Tipton.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LEWIS. I am paired with Mr. Davis,
of West Virginia. If he were here, he would
vote " yea," and I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays '27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Hamilton of Maryland, KelK.
Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurinan, anu
Vickers—12. ^ ,
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron,Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton, Conk-
linff, Corb'-tt, Crashi EdmurnR Fertoil..ierrv of
Michigan,Manas-an, Frelinehuyseh. Hamlin, Hitch-
cock. Kellogg. Osboni, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Sawvei, Spender, Wilson, and Windorn 2..
ABSENT—Me-:sis. Alcorrt Brownfuv, Bucking-
ham. Cole. Davis of We-t Virginia, Ferry of Con-
jiPCiiout". Uiibert, Ifumiilou of Toxms, TLirinn.. llib,
TIowo, •johntf021. Levis, AFo7 'i 11 of Maine,
' Morrill of Vet rami i, Morton, Nve, Pr.Ut, U:iiu?ev,
Rice. Ilobori son. Sehurz. SeoH, German. Sprague,
| Srownif, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and
! Wright—32.
! So the amendment to the amendment was
! rejected
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qnes-
I tion recurs on ndoptuig the amendment, as
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, as
amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on adopting the resolution offered
by the Senatorfrom Rhode Island, asamended,
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 43, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Borema-n, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter. Casserly, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Conkling, Cooper. Corbett. Cragin, Bavis of
Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Perry of Michigan,
Flanagan. Frelmghuy?en, Hamilton of Maryland,
Ilamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg. Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, O^born, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool. Sawyer,
Sehurz, Spcnccr, Stevenson. Stockton, Thnrrnan,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson* ana Win-
dorn—«.
NAY—Mr. Blair—1.
