1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M9
tlemen from Vermont a question. I could vote
for almost anything at all my friend from Ver-
mont would support in this House. I would
go as near taking his word for anything as any
man in the country; but I would be glad to
be informed in reference to the equities of this
proceeding. I understand a location was
selected and that a considerable amount of
money was expended in building a jail; that,
after a considerable amount of money had been
expended on the wotks, Congress instituted
an investigation and stopped the whole thing.
If this be so, it affords ground for doubt in
the minds of gentlemen whether we ought to
take the actior. now proposed. I will there-
fore ask the gentleman from Vermont whether
there is any probability, if this bill be passed
and this work commenced on a new site,
there will not be another change of location,
so that Congress will be held perpetually to
new obligations in the perpetual change of
location for the site of this jail?
Mr. POLAND. I have not the gift of
prophecy, and my friend from Illinois can as
well tell what Congress will do with the mat-
ter as I can. I will not, therefore, attempt to
enlighten him on that, subject.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that the work was
commenced, and on some charge being made
Congress passed a resolution to suspend the
work for forty days. The committee of Con-
gress appointed on that occasion did investi-
gate the whole matter. It ail ended in smoke.
It turned out there was nothing upon which
the work -could be stopped. The real diffi-
culty was on the question in reference to the
selection of the location.
Mr. MOOIiB. Was the location abandoned ?
Mr. POLAND. It is not abandoned. The
Secretary of the Interior, because there was
so much dissatisfaction in reference to the loca-
tion, dots not want the entire responsibility
in selecting the site for this jail to be left with
him, but wishes Congress to name others who
with himself will constitute a board which
may fix on a location satisfactory to the peo-
ple generally.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table-
The latter motion was agreed to.
central pacific railroad company.
Mr. WHEELER, from the Committee on
the Pacific Raiiioad, by unanimous consent,
reported a bill (H, R. No. 1553) relating to
the Central Pacific Railroad Company ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Syjip-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles ; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 442) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for a building suited to
the use of the post office, the pension and
revenue offices, and the judicial officers of the
United States, in the city of Trenton, New
Jersey," approved March 3, 1871; and
A bill (S. No. 5G5) to extend the time to
the State of Wisconsin to build a road fronj
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
The message further announced that the
42p Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 69.
Senate had adopted a resolution, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, for
printing twenty-two thousand extra copies of
the case of the United States presented to the
tribunal of arbitration at Geneva ; seven thou-
sand copies of which to be for the use of the
Senate, and fifteen thousand copies for the use
of the House.
TWO PER CENT. CLAIMS OP OIIIO, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
presented a report on the two per cent, claims
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; which was
recommitted to the committee, and, with the
accompanying papers, ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The Committee
for the District of Columbia has no more busi-
ness to report.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the diplo-
matic and consular appropriation bill.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to more that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar for the consid-
eration of thebill in relation to the College of
William and Mary, Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, takes precedence of that of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] which is
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. Of course, if the House
should vote down the first motion, that of
the gentleman from Mississippi would be the
next to be voted on.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the consideration of the
diplomatic and consular appropriation bill,
there were—ayes 52, noes 84.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Perce were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 71.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes; let us
adjourn if we cannot get on with the public
business.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—'ayes 59, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. SARGENT and
Mr. Perce were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes 74.
So the Hou^.e refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and on that question the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 84, not voting
70; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Boatty, Bever-
idge, Austin Blair, Boles, Buckley, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Freeman Clarke. Coburn, Cogblan, Conger.
Cotton, Crceiy, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey. Donnan,
Eames, Finkelnburg, Wilder 1). Foster, Frye. Gar-
field, Goodrich, Hate, II,inner. tl.iwiej. Hay, Gerry
W. Il/izelton, Hibbard. Hi'l, Ilolman, Hooper, Ivel-
ley, Rillinsrer, Lamport. Lowe, Lynch, Maynard,
MeGreyv, McJunkin, MeK.ee, Alercur, Merriam,
Monroe, Moore, Murphis, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Peck, Aaron F. Porry. Peters, Poland, Prili-
(Ue, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Seofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker
John A. Smith, fcprague, Starkweather, Stoughton*
btrong, laic, Ihoruai. Turner, Twiehell. Tyner
Upson. Van Trump. Waldron. Wallace. Wheeler
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson!
John T. Wilson, and Wood—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Adatns, Arthur, Barry, Beck, Bell
Biggs, Bird, JaiaesGr. Blair, Braxton, Bright, George
M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buffinton, Benjamin if.
Butler, Caldwell. Campbell. Cobb, Coruingo, Cox,
Crebs.Cri teller. Crossland, Darrall, Davis. i)ox, Dii
Bose, Duke, Dunnell, Ely, Forker, Getz, Golladay,
Griffith, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Hereford, Ilerndon, Hoar, Kellogg, {iprr, . King,
Kinselia.Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson.McIIenry,
Mclntyre, McKinney, MeNeely, Merrick, Morgan,
Niblack. Hosea W. Parker,Perce. Bli Perry, Porter,
Head, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Itiee, Ritchie. Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Itobinsou, Roosevelt, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Slocum', SIoss, Snyder, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stowell, Sutherland, Terry, Washington
Townsend, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Walden,
Whifthorne. and Williams ot'New York—8*1.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer,
Averill, Banks, Barnuui, Bigby, Bingham. Roderick
R. Butler, Carroll, William X'. Clarke, Conner. De
Large. Duell, EUlredge, Elliott. Farnsworth, Far-
well, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, G-arrett, Ilal-
detnan, Halsey, Harper, George E. Harris, John T.
Harris, Havens, Hays, John W. Ilazelton, Hough-
ton, Kendall, ICetcham, Lansing, Marshall, McClel-
land, MeCormick, McCrary, Benjamin F. Meyers.
Mitchell, Morey, Leonard Myers, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton, Piatt, Potter. Price, Randall,
Rogers, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, II. Boardman
Smith. Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, R. Milton
bpeer, Thomas J. Speer, Storm, St. John, Swann,
Sypher,D wight Townsend. Tuthill.Wakeqian, Walls,
Warren, Weils, Whiteley, Winches ter.aftdYoung—7Q.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, said: I am paired
with Mr. Potter, of New York. If he were
here, he would vote "no," and I would vote
"ay."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. (Mr. Shanks in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the considera'ion of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1323) rpaking appro-
priations for theconsularanddiplomaticservice
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1873.
Mr. SWANN. I am charged with the rpan-
agement of this bill and I am prepared to go
on, if it is the desire of the committee to do so,
now. I will ask that by unanimous consent
the first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; then
let the bill be read.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
bill, but before concluding,
Mr. HEREFORD moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose that if it is the
understanding that we are to adjourn there
will be no objection to the committee's rising.
Mr. HEREFORD. I propose to make the
motion that the House adjourn.
Mr. GARB'IELD, of Ohio. As it is not
the wish of the gentlemen having charge of
the bill to proceed with it now, there will be
no objection to the committee's rising, with the
understanding th'at we are to adjourn.
Mr. HOAR. I object to any such arrange-
ment.
Mr. PERCE. I object to any arrangement
whereby the House is to adjoura upon the
committee's rising.
Mr. HEREFORD. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Shanks
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic service of the Government for
the yp-ar ending June 30, 1873. and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DICKEY. X move that the House do
now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
