1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19B5
Kirk and 546 operatives in tobacco manufac-
tories of St. Louis, Missouri, respectfully and
earnestly inviting the attention of Congress to
the grievous embarrassments in the manufac-
ture of tobacco, and urging immediate action
to fix the rate of taxation, &c.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of A. 0. Bloom,
of Lexington, Kentucky, praying an allow-
ance of pay as major in the cavalry service
of the United States from the 24th day of
January, 1864, till November 1,1864, together
with papers supporting the petition.
Also, the petition of Dr. Henry B. Long,
ofHarrodsburg, Kentucky, praying an increase
of pension as a surgeon in the Army of the
United States, in consequence of tytal dis-
ability incurred in the service.
By Mr. BRAXTON : The petition of Sam-
uel 0. Bagot, asking payment for rent of
property situated in Alexandria, Virginia, and
occupied by the United States troops during
the war.
Also, the memorial of Matilda Barnett
and others, heirs of Lieutenant James Barnett,
asking a pension.
Also, the petition of William F. Botts, ask-
ing to have his political disabilities removed.
By Mr. CONNER: The petition of citizens
of the city of Jefferson, Texas, praying an
appropriation for the improvement of the
navigation of Cyprus bayou and contiguous
lakes.
By Mr. COX : The petition of Samuel Schaf-
fer, of New York city, for relief.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of Jacob
Dunnell and others, residents of Pawtucket,
North Providence, and Lincoln, m the State
of Rhode Island, for an appropriation for
the purchase of a centrally located site and
the erection thereon of a building for a post
office.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan : The remon-
strance of T. Jacobs and 43 others, against any
amendment to the Constitution abridging in
any respect religious liberty.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Catharine
Campbell, guardian, asking pension for the
children of John Thompson.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of 275
citizens of Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, and Iowa,
praying the passage of a law to prevent the
further absorption of the public lands of the
United States by railroads or other corpora-
tions, and to set apart forever for the exclu-
sive use of actual settlers the residue of the
public domain.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of
Samuel Bailey, Benjamin Fineh, and 30
others, merchants of the city of Newport,
Rhode Island, asking that a suitable light-
house may be erected on the southeasterly
point of Block Island, in the State of Rhode
Island.
By Mr. SAWYER : The petition of II. W.
Meyer and Gr. A. Selbach, proprietors of the
VolUsfreund, a paper published at Appleton,
Wisconsin, asking the removal of the tariff on
tyne.
'By Mr. SLOCUM: The petition of Ursula
Merbmann, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. SWANN : The petition of Enoch
Burnham, praying a pension.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Prank
Adams and 120 others, citizens of Middleburg,
Summit county, Ohio, engaged in the manu-
facture of stoneware, drain and sewer-pipes,
and other wares of clay, against a reduction
of duties, and for certain specific duties on
earthenware or stoneware.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
50 workers in pig metal and citizens of Scioto
county, Ohio, remonstrating against any reduc-
tion of the duties on such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country, and praying
for the repeal of all duties on tea and coffee,
and that all duties shall be so adjusted as to
encourage and defend every home industry,
and foster the honor and interests of American
labor.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 125.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 27, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCauley, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. HOWE. The morning hour is so much
occupied now that I move, unless some Sen-
ator wishes to hear the Journal, that its fur-
ther reading be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the further reading of the Journal
will be dispensed with.
st. croix and superior railroad.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to interfere
with the regular morning business, but I de-
sire to take from the table Senate bill No. 565,
which came from the House some days since
with an amendment, in order that we may
have action upon that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to take
from the table the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill in regard to the
St. Croix and Bayfield road, stating that he
will give way to the morning business if it
should be taken from the table, as he desires
action upon it if possible to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
merely desires to send it to a committee of
The VICE PRESIDENT. A demand has
been made, however, that the vote be first
taken on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives. Is there objection
to taking up this bill, subject to the morning
business? The Chair hears none, and it will
be in order after the morning business shall
have been disposed of.
HOUS1S BILLS REF1SRRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 859) to change the time
for holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the western district of
Wisconsin at La Crosse ;
A bill (II. 11. No. 1588) to change the time
for holding the spring term of the United
States circuit and district courts at Harrison-
burg, Virginia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) to
authorize the erection of a colossal statue of the
late Admiral Farragut was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
purchasers of lots at harper^ berry.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I present
the petition of M. L. Cockrelt and eighty-seven
others, of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, pray-
ing for the passage of Senate bill No. 67 ; and
I desire to appeal to the Senate to take up that
bill and pass it this morning.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask my friend from
West Virginia is.his bill likely to lead to any
debate whatever ?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. No,^ sir, I
think not. If it does, I will withdraw it. It
was introduced by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and is reported from
that committee. I think there will be no objec-
tion whatever to it. There are one or two
amendments to be offered, but they have been
agreed upon, and will give rise to no objection
or debate.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 07) for the relief of the
purchasers of lots and houses and lots sold by
virtue of an act of Congress entitled "An act
providing for the sale of the lands, tenements,
and water privileges belonging to the United
States at and near Harper's Ferry, in the
county of Jefferson, West Virginia," approved
December 15, 1868. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to postpone, daring such time as
he shall deem reasonable, not exceeding five
years, the enforced collection of the purchase-
money due or to become due from the pur-
chaser or purchasers of the lots, or houses and
lots, not embracing water privileges, sold by
virtue of an act .of Congress entitled "An act
providing for the sale of the lands, tenements,
and water privileges belonging to the United
States at and near Harper's Ferry, in the
county of Jefferson, West Virginia," approved
December 15, 1868.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I move to
amend the bill by striking out "five" and
inserting "three so that the postponement
shall not exceed three years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BOREMAN. This is a bill that ought
to pass, and if it needs any explanation I will
give it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection to it.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have an amendment
which I desire to offer. There are some pur-
chasers of property there who are unable to
pay for it at all. The Secretary of War has
no authority to take back the property or make
a compromise or anything of that sort. My
amendment is simply to authorize him to take
the property that may be surrendered and
resell it. It is to insert as an additional sec-
tion the following:
That if any of the purchasers of the property at
or near Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, sold pur-
suant to the provisions of the act aforesaid, desire to
surrender such property and to cancel the contract
of sales, therefore the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized, if in his judgment it is advisable to do
so, to aocept suoh surrender and cancel such con-
tract; and the said Secretary is hereby-directed and
required, as soon after such surrender as practi-
cable, to proceed to sell the propertyso surrendered,
and any other real property of the United Sta.tes, in
and near said Harper's Berry, that tnay not have
been heretofore sold, requiring the purchasers to
pay one third of the price amoed upon at the time
of the sale, and the residue in equal installments in
one and two years with interest, anil to give bonds
payable to the United Stales with good personal
security to secure the payment of such deferred*
installments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator propose to name the rate of interest—five
or six per cent. ?
Mr. BOREMAN. Six per cent, interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
John H. Stevenson and H. W. Wetherell, of
New York city, asking Congress to give them
and others the right and privilege to open and
work an iron mine situated oil Government
land at West Point, New York; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
a petition of citizens of Maryland, late soldiers
of the Army of the United States, praying
Congress to pass an act giving to all soldiers,
sailors, and marines who had enlisted in the
service of the United States $8 38Jper month
for the entire time served, deducting all Gov-
ernment bounty heretofore paid ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
also presented the petition of Henry W.
Hoffman, late collector for the port of Balti-
more, praying relief for loss sustained by the
embezzlement of* a clerk in his office; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Spreclier
& Rowland, praying to be refunded moneys
alleged to have been improperly collected from
them; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
