1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2881
friend from Illinois and my own on the sub-
ject of keeping legislation from appropriation
bills. If be has come over to my views, I am
glad of it. I find he sometim.es changes his
mind where he tbinks be has been wrong be-
fore. I hope he has on this occasion ; but on
every occasion before when we have been try-
ing for the past three or four years, and nota-
bly only two years ago, on the 9th of June,
1870, to do this very thing, but not in this par-
ticular form, which discriminates in favor of
private schemes against the general proprie-
ties of legislation; when we undertook to do
that in a proper form on a careful considera-
tion by the committee, reported to this body,
I find the honorable Senator from Illinois
making a war upon it.
Now, when the Senator from Pennsylvania
some days ago submitted a proposition of this
kind merely to limit debate upon amendments
to appropriation bills, the Senator from Illi-
nois attacks it with all his might and main ;
and then, in order to defeat it or to break it
up, or to put it into such confusion that nobody
can understand it—no, I will not say "in
order," because that might not be polite, but
having that effect—proposes this suddenly,
which reverses all his previous action. I wish,
as he says, that every man in the country
could hear my voice when I speak of it. The
trouble is that our voices will not reach every
man in the country; it is a great pity, par-
ticularly this week ; but it is so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The provision will cer-
tainly cut off general legislation, and it does
not give any additional rights to put on any
legislation. It is good as far as it goes.
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply wish to say a
word on a question of fact. The Senatorfrom
Vermont asserted awhile ago that a rule or
resolution similar to that which I offered had
been reported here, and had been resisted and
defeated with the aid of the Senators of the
minority. He repeated that a few moments
ago. The Senator, I still think and must say,
is mistaken in the assertion in the shape in
which he made it. I have made such inquiry
as the brief time allowed, and I am entirely
satisfied that if such a proposition was de-
feated in the manner in which he describes it
was because it carried with it and involved in
itself some other measures that were objec-
tionable. I mean to say that I do not remem-
ber any time when a proposition pure and
simple to limit an appropriation bill and amend-
ments to it to the legitimate object of an ap-
propriation bill could have been offered here
in the Senate without obtaining my vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The memory of my friend
from California is short. The Committee on
Rules reported in June, 1870, an amendment
to the thirtieth rule, by adding thereto various
provisions separately, so that votes could be
taken on each separate one. One of them
read in this way, which if the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois is disagreed to I
shall offer as an addition to, not as a substi-
tute for, the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and we will test the sincerity
of Senators who have been discussing this
question this morning upon this subject:
"And no amendment to any such bills"—
Speaking of appropriation bills—
'making legislative provisions other than such as
directly relate to the appropriations contained in
the bill, shall be received or adopted without a two-
thirds vote."
We did not undertake to cut them off abso-
lutely, as Senators are so anxious to do now,
but we only undertook to take one step in the
direction of repressing this kind of legislation.
I should have been glad to have had itabsolute;
but we were afraid ttyitthe Senate would not be
willing to take so raaical a step, and we there-
fore merely proposed that, instead of a simple
majority, two thirds should be required; and
what happened? After a discussion for a day
or two—I do not mean all the time, but running
along from day to day—on the 9th of June it
42jd Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 181.
was moved by the Senator from Massachusetts
to table the whole subject. t£And after de-
bate,'' which showed that the Senator from
Illinois and our brethren upon the other side
were opposed to all these propositions which
we had introduced, on the motion to table
the whole subject every Democratic Senator
present but one, to wit: Mr. Casserly, Mr.
Fowler, Mr. Johnston, Mr. McCreery, Mr.
Ross—if he was a Democratic Senator, and
he was about half way—Mr. Saulsbury, Mr.
Stockton, Mr. Trumbull—I beg my friend's
pardon ; he was a Republican Senator in those
days, [laughter]—and Mr. Vickers, voted in
the affirmative, and the only Democratic Sen-
ator who voted in the negative was Mr. Davis,
of Kentucky. I am reading from the Journal,
Mr. President.
Now I repeat, that if J;his amendment of the
Senator from Illinois shall be defeated, I will
move as an addition, not as a substitute, as
he does, to destroy the five-minutes rule, this
amendment which we reported, as may be
agreeable to the Senate, either to have it lim-
ited to a two-thirds vote or to have it absolute.
I should prefer it to be an absolute prohibition.
I will try it as an absolute prohibition first, and
then if it fails I will try it with two thirds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will you read the names
in the affirmative?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have read the names.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
all the names read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator can do his
own reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did not the Senator
himself vote that way?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
is mistaken. I can read the negative so far as
lam concerned, and that is "Edmunds" in
the negative. It is not very often that I change
my mind so as to vote three or four ways on
the same proposition; and inasmuch as 1 was
one of the committee that reported it, I think
my friend will probably believe the Journal
when it says that I voted in favor of going on
to consider and adopt those propositions. But
as 1 say, I do not want to occupy time. If this
amendment is defeated, I will move this as an
absolute prohibition in addition to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and
then we can have the yeas and nays and see
where we are.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ver-
mont, while seeming to dispute what I said,
admits it. What I said was that if any proposi-
tion was ever presented for limiting the amend-
ment to an appropriation bill to the legiti-
mate object of an appropriation bill which
was opposed by me or by my political asso-
ciates, it was because it was accompanied by
and linked with others that were obnoxious.
Now the Senator gets up, and with the book
in his hand reads a part of the general body
of propositions then presented, and he says
there were other things -which he does not
read. That is precisely what I said, that there
were other things that were so objectionable
that the whole scheme was rejected.
Now, as for the Senator's avowal that he
contests the sincerity of those who do not agree
with him, I submit to him whether he has a
right to suggest that there is any man on this
floor whose motives will suffer by comparison
with his own. We are all supposed to be sin-
cere and acting from proper motives. The
correctness of my position may be contested
by the Senator properly, but I deny his right
to contest my sincerity 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did I say anything about
contesting the Senator's sincerity?
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Senator
to contest the sincerity of gentlemen to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I only said that I
would test their sincerity. I trust it is no
argument against a man's virtue to say you are
going to test it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I misunderstood
the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend's sincerity
is so tender that he is afraid to have it tested,
I will withdraw the observation.
Mr. CASSERLY. So far as that is con-
cerned, I think my sincerity will be able to
stand before even so robust a trier as the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator seemed
to suppose that the Democrats vpted down
his propositions formerly, but declined to state
who did vote them down, I see, on looking
at the record which he has brought into the
Senate, that twenty-nine Senators voted to lay
his series of propositions on the table. I voted
that way. I recollect that this Committee on
Rules came into the Senate two years ago with,
a lot of conundrums that were calculated to
embarrass our business just about as much aa
the rules in the House do. Nobody could
understand them, and they were connected to-
gether. We tried some of them for a few
days, I think, and the whole Senate became
impatient in regard to them. The Senator
from Massachusetts, not very much of a Demo-
crat I think, nor in the interests of the Democ-
racy, very properly moved to lay them on the
table, and on to the table they went.
It seems the Senator from Vermont haa
been sore about it ever since; and he thinks
because they were laid on the table it is a
great inconsistency now that we should adopt
such a rule when you are proposing a five-
minutes limitation of debate, that renders it
necessary to meet it with something. I would
much prefer even one of the rules that was in
that series that the Senator from Vermont got
up to having this five-minutes rule adopted,
and when I see that I cannot get rid of the
five-minutes rule in any other way, I would
take one of those he proposed some time ago.
But he was troubled about the Democracy
having put it on the table. Now, I want to
read to you some of the Democrats that
tabled the Senator's conundrum. The first
one was " Mr.. Buckingham," the second was
'"Mr. Cameron," the third one was "Mr.
Carpenter;" then " Mr. Chandler," then
"Mr. Drake," then "Mr. Gilbert," and so
on I Glorious Democrats these I [Laughter.]
And I voted with them, and so did "Mr.
Yates."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said the Senator so
voted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And Mr. Sumner voted
that way. Y'ou will find a great many. So
it was Republicans—at least they were sup-
posed to be Republicans at the time, as the
Senator says—who voted it down. It seems
he has set himself up to determine what is a
Republican, and to pass upon other people and
call them "such Republicans, if they were Re-
publicans." I do not know that because the
Senator comes from Vermont he has any more
right to determine who is a Republican than if
he came from any other State. I do not myself
recognize the Senator from Vermont as any bet-
ter Republican than the Senator from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] and a great many
other Senators who did not vote with him, and
I do not know when he was elevated to the
position of determining ex cathedra who was a
Republican and who was not. I am in hopes
myself that he will so act that we can keep
him within the principles of the Republican
party and not have to turn him out. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. If anybody will keep me
within the principles of the Republican party,
it is my good friend from Illinois ; there is
no doubt about that, because I shall always
know exactly how to behave when I have him
as a guide. Whether we shall be riding in the
same direction may depend upon events which
are not yet quite certain.
But, sir, my friend, with his usual adroit-
ness, has undertaken to lead you away from
the precise point. The point was not who laid
this proposition upon the table before. The
point was what had become of the people
