1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. WRIGHT presented two petitions of
citizens of tbe United States, praying for the
prohibition of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used
as a beverage: which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States, residing in Utica,
Laselle county, Illinois, remonstrating against
the proposed reduction of the duty on earthen-
ware and stoneware; also pjaying the enact-
ment of a law imposing a specific duty of seven
dollars per ton on all foreign earthenware,
stoneware, clay drain or sewer-pipes, and
chimney-flues, and a duty of nine dollars per
ton on the bends, branches, and other fittings
of such pipes and flues, and a duty of ten dol-
lars per ton on all foreign clay chimney-tops;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
J. W. Parker and others, asking that an act
be passed authorizing the settlement and pay-
ment of their claims for pillage by Chinese
subjects out of the Chinese indemnity fund;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying the establishment
of a chair of dental surgery at the Military
Academy at West Point; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of citizens of New Jersey, late soldiers
of the Army of the United States, praying
legislation to give all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who served honorably and were dis-
charged after such service, and their heirs, if
deceased, $8 33} per month for the time
served, deducting Government bounty hereto-
fore paid ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
FORT KEARNEY MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 829) granting the Fort
Kearney military reservation to the State of
Nebraska, for the use and benefit of the Ne-
braska State deaf and dumb and insane asy-
lums, to report it back without amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I should like to have
that bill put on its passage now.
Mr. WILSON. It is very brief.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. IIOWE. If it does not occupy any
time I will yield.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to grant the B\>rt
Kearney military reservation, in the State of
Nebraska, to that State for the sole use and
benefit, in equal parts and proportions, of the
Nebraska Institute for the Deaf and Dumb
and the Nebraska State Insune Asylum ; but
if any portion of the reservation shall be sold
or disposed of by the State, the proceeds aris-
ing from such sale are to be invested by the
treasurer of the State in United States bonds,
which_ bonds are to be deposited in the treas-
ury of the State, and the interest thereon paid,
as received from the United States, by the
treasurer to the institutions in equal paits.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know how
much land there is in that reservation?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Ten square miles—ten
sections.
Mr. COLE. I hope after this grant is made
to the State of Nebraska there will be no
objection on the part of any Senator to leas-
ing or allowing the city of San Francisco the
use of another reservation for the purpose of
a park.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
FREDERICK A. GARLICK.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 497)
granting a pension to Frederick A. Garlick,
of Cortland county, New York, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment, and
to ask for its immediate consideration.
Mr. HOWE. I will not object if it does not
take any time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Frederick-A.
Garlick, of Cortland county, New York, upon
the pension-roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month, to commence on the 18th of May,
1871, the date of the amputation of his limb.
The amendment of the Committee on Pen-
sions was to strike out in lines six, seven, and
eight the words, "on the 18th day of May,
1871, the date of-the amputation of his limb,"
and to insert "from the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM II. BRIDGES.
Mr. LOGAN. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 712) granting a pension to Wil-
liam II. Bridges, to report it back without
amendment, and to ask for its present consid-
eration. There is a report accompanying it.
I would state the reasons for it, if it were not
that I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate. If anybody desires to hear them I
will state them. I hope the bill will be con-
sidered now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of William H.
Bridges, late a private in company A, four-
teenth indiana volunteers, and to pay him a
pension from the passage of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 838) to provide that minors shall
not be enlisted in the military service of the
United States without the consent of parents
or guardians, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1303) to amend
the first section of an act entitled "An act to
provide for the disposition of useless military
reservations," approved February 24, 1871,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Francis
A. Gibbons, praying compensation for the
construction of a building for the use of the
Agricultural Department, reported a bill (S.
No. 873) for the relief of Francis A. Gibbons ;
which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. SCOTT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of James D.
Greene, and also a bill (S. No. 398) for the
relief of James D. Greene, have instructed me
to report that under the terms of a letter of
General E. D. Townsend of May 26, 1870,
from the Adjutant General's office, the relief
prayed for can be had by the petitioner with-
out furtner legislation. We do not wish to
make this an adverse report against the claim,
and therefore we report it back recommend-
ing that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of both the petition and
the bill, and that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 96) for
the relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of Knoxville,
Tennessee, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 160) relative to
claims of certain northern creditors, reported
it with amendments, and submitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was recommitted th'e bill (S.
No. 559) for the relief of California and Nevada
veteran volunteers, honorably discharged at
points distant from that of original enlistment,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. KELLOGG. Inasmuch as a bill I had
before the Senate containing niue lines was
read a few mornings since and objected to by
the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
who I think will withdraw his objection now,
I ask that that bill be considered, and I ask
that a letter from the Department of the
Interior be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, by
unanimous consent, have given what remains
of the morning hour to the Senator from Wis-
consin for the consideration of the bill in
regard to the St. Croix and Bayfield road,
upon which he desired to have the action of
the Senate to-day if possible. If he does not
yield, the Chair cannot ask unanimous con-
sent. Does the Senator from. Wisconsin object
or not?
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from
Louisiana will withdraw his application.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
793) to amend an act approved February 28,
1871, amending an actapproved May31, 1870,
entitled "An act to enforce the rights of cit-
izens of the United States to vote in the sev-
eral States of this Union, and for other pur-
poses," reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the biil (S. No. 695) to extend
the right of citizenship to certainpersons born
within tbe territory of Oregon previous to the
year 1846, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Finance to report
back a petition of importers and merchants
of New York and Boston, praying for the pas-
sage of a bill to refund certain duties paid on
Russia hemp under the act of August 5, 1861,
in violation of treaty stipulations between Rus-
sia and the United States, and to ask that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof, that it be indefinitely post-
poned, and that the report be printed.
Mr. FJBNTON. Speaking for the minority
of the committee, the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] and myself, who entertain some
views differing from those expressed in the
report submitted by the Senator from Ver-
mont from the majority of the committee, I
desire to give notice of an intention to submit
our views in the form of a report hereafter,
and hope that privilege may be accorded by
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the majority will be printed, and the Senator
from New York, representing the minority,
desires to present the views of the minority
hereafter and that they be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
will be allowed if they desire it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and that order will be made.
TIIOIIAS B. VALENTINE.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the biil (II. 11. No. 1024) for tho
relief of Thomas B. Valentine, to report it
back without amendment, aud I ask lor Its
present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbe Senator from
Delaware again reports the bill reported by
