1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
IMPROVEMENT OF MISSISSIPPI HIVE It.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in relation to an appropriation
of $30,000 to continue the work on the improve-
ments at the mouth of the Mississippi river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
john carkigan.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
John Carrigan, late lieutenant battery A, first
New Jersey light artillery ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
removal of osage indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an esti-
mate of appropriations required to defray cer-
tain expenses connected with the removal of
the Osage Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
hancock barracks.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War," in relation to the Hancock
barracks, in the State of Maine; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
survey op monongahela river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to a survey of the
Monongahela river, from New Geneva, Penn-
sylvania, to Morgantown, in West Virginia;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
connecticut river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of February 8, 1872, in relation
to the improvement, of the Connecticut river ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of P. H. Cardwell.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Warren for one week.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Hazelton, of New Jersey, for
three days.
order of business for to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
that to-morrow's session shall be as in Com-
mittee of the Whole for debate only, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted, and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. McKee] will
occupy the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dickey's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House
(at three o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Elizabeth O'Neill, for a pension.
By Mr. BUUCHARD: The petition of J. W.
Clinton, of Polo, Illinois, praying that section
one hundred and sixty-two of the revised
codification of ihe postal laws be amended.
By Air. OHIPMAN: The petition of Clark
Mills, for the placing of the Washington eques-
trian monument upon a newpedestal in accord-
ance with the original design.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Mrs. Ellen
T. Brosman, of Washington, for compensation
for a stock of goods taken by the second Army
corps in 1803 and 1864.
By Mr. DOX: The papers and evidence
in the case of Mrs. Margaret Fillebrown, who
asks for relief as the widow of Major Henry C.
Fillebrown, who was drowned in the Coosa
river, Alabama, while in the discharge of his
duties as a civil engineer in the service of the
United States.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of workersin
the Onondaga Iron Company, at Geddes, Onon-
daga county, New York, remonstrating against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country, and
praying the repeal of all duties upon tea and
coffee.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of 16 soldiers, asking an allowance equal
to $8 33J per month for all actual service,
first deducting all bounties heretofore paid.
Also, the petition of the publishers of the
G-reeuville Independent, and of the publishers
of the Montcalm Herald, asking a change in
the postal laws.
By Mr. HOLMAN : The petition of Wil-
liam S. Wiiham, publisher of the Honover
(Indiana) Era, for the equalization and reduc-
tion of the postage on periodicals and news-
papers, in whole or in part printed, to regular
publishers.
By Mr. KELLEY: The remonstrance of
37 lumber workers, citizens of Philadelphia,
against any reduction of duty on such arti e'es
as are successfully produced in this country,
and asking the repeal of the duty on tea and
coffee.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petitions of num-
erous cigar-makers of the first congressional
district of Iowa, praying an increase of the
tariff on imported cigars to at least three dol-
lais per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Also, the petition of TaborA Co. and others,
lumber dealers and business men of Keokuk,
Iowa, praying a further imnrovenient of the
Rock Island rapids, in the Mississippi river.
Also, the petition of L. W. Myers, of Wa-
pello, Iowa, praying the amendment of sec-
tion one hundred and sixty-two of the revised
codification of the postal laws.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of Chris-
tian F. Laise and others, citizens of Berkeley
county, West Virginia, for compensation for
property destroyed during the recent war of
the rebellion.
By Mr. McHENRY: A memorial praying
a pension for Kelly A. Smith.
By Mr. MERRIAM: The petition of A. F.
Goodenough, of PortLeyden, New York, rela-
tive to postage on newspapers printed in part.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of A. B.
Nuchols, of Forsyth county, Georgia, pray-
ing compensation as agent of the Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.
Also, the petition of Alfred H. Teasley, of
Milton county, Georgia, praying compensa-
tion as agent of the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.
By Mr. SPRAGUE : The petition of Joseph
A. Kelly, editor and proprietor of the Morgan
County (Ohio) Independent, praying that the
postal laws may be so changed that newspapers
printed on one side be made legal mailable
mutter at the minimum rate fixed by Congress
on weekly newspapers and packages to news-
dealers.
By Mr. STORM : The petition of Joseph
Lynn, publisher of the Mauch Chunk Demo-
crat, iu the county of Carbon, in the State of
Pennsylvania, asking that newspapers printed
on one side be made legal mailable matter at
the minimum raie fixed by Congress on weekly
newspapers and packages to news-dealers, and
that section one hundred and sixty two of the
codified postal laws, now pending m Congress,
may be so amended that persons known as
regular publishers and dealers in newspapers
and periodicals may reec-ive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay the
postage thereon, asrectived, at the same rates
pro rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly in
advance.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Robert
Birckhead, praying a pension and bounty
lands.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, ofPennsylvania: The
petition of Job H. Jackson, Nathan J. Sharpies,
and others, of Chester county, Pennsylvania,
asking Congress to prohibit within the juris-
diction of the Governmentof'the United States
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of John
Harmer in regard to the transportation of
newspapers in the United States mails.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York:. The
petiiion of 275 citizens of Buffalo, New York,
asking reform in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment.
Also, the petitions of Abigail Bagot, and
of Anna M. Koff, for an increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Peter Schultz, for a
pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
105 citizens of Jackson county, Ohio, and sol-
diers of the wars of 1812 and 1861, praying
that pensions be given to all surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812 and the surviving widows of
those decease; that a bouuty ol ยง8 33J be
allowed for every month's service rendered by
the soldiers of 1861, deducting all Government
bounties: that all pensioners be allowed to
draw from date of disability; that a land
warrant of one hundred and sixty acres be
given to each honorably discharged soldier of
the war of 1861, and to the widows and chil-
dren of those deceased; and that a commis-
sion, consisting of three private soldiers of
ability and character, be appointed to inquire
into and report annually upon the claims and
grievances of the defenders of the Union.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 17, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
McKee in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. (J. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when
Mr. HOAR said : I ask unanimous consent
that the further reading of the Journal be dis-
pensed with.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House the session of to-day is for general
debate only as in Committee of the Whole,
no business whatever to be transacted.
woman suffrage
Mr. HOAR. I ask to have read as a por-
tion of my remarks a memorial of the Woman
Suffrage Association.
The Clerk read the memorial, which, with
the signatures, was as follows.
To the Honorable Senate and House of Jiepresentatives
of the United States in Congress assembled .*
The American Woman Suffrage Association re-
spectfully prays your honorable bodies to enact a
law authorizing women who are citizens of the Uni-
ted States resident in the District of Columbia and
other Territoiies to vote and hold office apon the
same terms and conditions as men.
Also, that you will take such additional steps as
are necessary, by amending the Federal Constitution
or otherwise, to prohibit political distinctions on
account of sex everywhere throughout the United
States.
This memorial is presented in accordance with
resolutions adopted at the last annual meeting of
the said Ameticiin Woman Suffrage Association, at
which were present the delegates from auxiliary
