3778
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
As & wooden bridge is almost continually needing
repairs, and as the cost of an iron bridge exceeds
the cost of a wooden one by but about forty thou-
sand dollars, I am of opinion that an iron bridge in
the end would be more economical.
4. The records of this office show that the year
previous to the destruction of the bridge the amount
and kind of travel were as follows, namely:
Foot passengers  §!•?§§
Horses and riders  k2,19o
Horses and wagons .  58,400
Teams and wagons  67,525
Cattle  25,550
Hogs  7,300
fcsheep  49,275
343,140
This bridge is the only free bridge passable be-
tween tide-water und Harper's Ferry, and it will be
seen that the destruction of this bridge will be very
detrimental to the public, compelling many of the
people coming to the District from Virginia with
stock, provisions, and other supplies, to take a cir-
cuitous route and cross the toll-bridge at George-
town.
The bridge is in bad condition, but two spans re-
maining in position and serviceable. They are much
dilapidated, and were in a dangerous condition,
The Legislature of the District appropriated $2,000
last August, to be used under the direction of the
officer in charge of public buildings and grounds,
for tho repair of this bridge. Nearly eighteen hun-
dred dollars were spent in placing the two spans
near the Virginia shore in a passable condition.
Crossing is now effected from the Virginia shore by
first crossing the two spans standing, and then by a
ramp about one hundred feet long descending to the
island, across the island, and up another ramp to
the temporary span built across the canal. By this
it will be seen that in oase of high wator to over-
flow "the island tho bridge will be unserviceable,
and the freshets may carry away tho ramps. These
rnmps are very steep, requiring tho locking of whuols
of loaded wagons in descending, and nlso that c loots
or slats should be spiked to the planking to secure
a foothold for animals crossing. In the preseuteon-
dition it is hazardous in crossing in tho daytime
and dangerous at night.
In view of these facts. Iam of the opinion that the
bridgo should bo rebuilt during tho coining season.
Very truly, yours,
O.E.BABCOCK.
Major of Engineer#, United States A) my.
lion. H. It. Staricwkatiirr, Chairman Committee
District of Columbia, ilouse of Repreaeibiutiw-'iu
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. 1 wish to make
some remarks on this question.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. llAURW, of Virginia. I move the pro
forma amendment to strike out the last word
of tho section.
Mr. Chairman, when this bridge was built, all
of this territory belonged to the Government
of the United States, hut since then that, por-
tion lying south of the PolouiaC river has been
ceded to the State of Virginia. There was at
the time a necessity for tLiis bridge. Why the
necessity? Why did the Government build
the bridgo forty years ago, and why has the
Government kept, it up from that time to this?
Because there was a paramount necessity for
it. I ask gentlemen on the other side of the
House, as well as on this side, has that neces-
sity diminished because the south bank of the
Potomac is in Virginia? Not m the least, for
that bridge was built not lor the benefit of
Virginia, but for the accommodation of the
city of Washington.
It was built in order that the beef and
mutton and poik and the flour and corn of
Virginia might be brought into this city to
feed you and all others. The fact that the
south bank of the Potomac is in Virginia has
not in the least changed the circumstances,
for to-day, as in the past, the eity of Wash-
ington must depend for its provisions upon
the farmers in Virginia, and in order that
they may get those provisions it is necessary
they should have this bridge. Suppose the
channel of the river were changed from where
it now is, and it were to run to the north of
the city a mile wide and twenty feet deep,
is there a gentleman here who would be in
favor of refusing an appropriation for the
construction of a bridge across the rieer in
order that the capital of the nation might be
placed in immediate connection with the whole
northern and eabtern portion of the cpuntry? I
venture to say if that were the case we would
not be without connection here very long,
because a bridge would be instantly built.
I am not surprised that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] should be in favor of
striking out this appropriation, for, as my col-
league has said, he has been in favor of strik-
ing out every appropriation in the bill. I am
not surprised that the junior member from
Indiana, [Mr. Cobbrn,] following the exam-
ple of his colleague, should make the motion
to strike out. I am somewhat astonished,
however, that my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] who is generally so liberal, and
who takes enlarged views of these questions,
and is not at all circumscribed by mere local
considerations, should be in favor of striking
it out. He must see that this bridge is of
much more importance to the national capital
than it is to Virginia; for while Virginia has
many other places where she can dispose of
her agricultural productions, the city of Wash-
ington cannot be supplied in the same way she
can be from Virginia. As the necessity which
induced the building of this bridge still exists,
1 hope it will be the pleasure of the committee
to retain the appropriation, and thus let us
have a good iron bridge connecting Virginia
and the city of Washington.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message mom this senate.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, notifying the House that
that, body had passed a bill (H. II. No. 1390) for
the relief of the sureties of the late Jesse J.
Simpkins, with an amendment; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H, B. No. 1343)
supplemental to an act entitled " An act for
the apportionment of Representatives to Con-
gress among tue several States according to the
ninth census," with an amendment; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced ; that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
An act (S. No. 10G3) granting a pension
to L. Adclia Forster; and
An act, (S. No. 1061) granting a pension to
J. W. Cronkite.
JlI3Ciar,ANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee then resumed its session.
The question recurred oil Mr. Coburn's
motion to strike out the paragraph.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. COBURN demanded tellers.
Tellers wote ordered ; and Mr. Coburn and
Mr. Braxtox were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes tweut.y-e>ght, noes not counted.
Mr. COBIJRN. I do not ask for a further
count.
The CHAIRMAN. There are twenty-eight
in the affirmative and the balance of the House
in the negative. [Laughter.]
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BBATTY. I move the following:
Add to line ten hundred and sixty-six the fol-
lowing:
And provided further, That the District of Colum-
bia shall pay one half of the cost of the said bridgo.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order on that amendment. *•'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Refugee.?, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands:
For collection and payment of bounty, prize-
money, and other legitimate claims of colored sol-
diers and sailors, namely: for salaries of agents and
clerks; rents of offices; fuel and lights; stationery
avid printing; office furniture and repairs; mile-
age and transportation of officers and agents ; tele-
graphing and postage, $100,000: Provided, That
the Bureau of Refugees, Sreedmen, and Abandoned
Lands shall be discontinued from and after June 30.
1872, and that all agents, clerks, and other em-
ployes then on duty shall be discharged except
such as may be retained by the Secretary of War lor
the purposes of this proviso; and all acts and part3
of acts pertaining to the collection and payment of
bounties or other moneys due to colored soldiers,
sailors, and marines, or their heirs, shall remain in
force until otherwise ordered by Congress, the same
to be carried into effect by the Secretary of War,
who may employ such olerical force as may be neces-
sary for the purpose: And provided further, That
the present Coinmissionerof the Bureau of Freed-
men, Refugees, and Abandoned Lands shall b©
granted, under the direction of the Secretary of
War, such period after June 39, 1872, as may be
,necessary to enable him to settle all legal claims
against said bureau, and to perfect tho rccords
of the same except such as may be transferred
hereby: and for the purposes of this proviso the
sum of $75,000 is hereby appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
strike out all after "purpose" in line ten
hundred and eighty-five, being the last pro-
viso. It is to make the transfer absolute and
immediate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After the word purpose, in line ten hundred and
eighty-five, add the following:
And who is hereby authorized to send a special
officer to Helena, Arkansas, to pay to the soldiers
of the sixty-third regiment United States colored
infantry, amounts which may be found due them
for bounty and back pay.
Mr. SARGENT. I make the point of
order on that amendment that it is new legis-
lation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I offer
the following amendment:
After $100,000, in line ten hundred and seventy-
four, add the following:
And a like sum is hereby appropriated for the
benefit of white soldiers and sailors.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to strike out what
remains of the paragraph, for the purpose of
saying a few words. I have found that this
bureau, instead of being beneficial to the col-
ored soldier, is actually an embarrassment to
him in his claims for back pay and bounty.
The white soldier finds no such embarrass-
ment. My experience is that it requires more
time and labor on the part of the friends of
any colored soldier to secure his rights from
this bureau, twice told, than it does for a
white soldier to secure his rights to back pay
and bounty on the same terms and conditions.
A case has come to my observation where
for more than two years efforts were made to
get payment of claims for bounty allowed by
the Second Auditor. It took two years of con-
stant correspondence before a single fact could
be elicited. I found it necessary to get the
records of the Second Auditor's office, and to
make repeated applications myself to the
E'reedmen's Bureau before I could induce
them to sign the warrant which had been
issued long before in behalf of the soldier. I
have no doubt that this has been the case with
claimants all over the country; and if the
experience which I had myself in doing busi-
ness through the Freed men's Bureau is gen-
eral, then I claim that it is simply an obstruc-
tion to freedmen in obtaining their rights
rather than an agency to help them.
Mr. SARGENT. If what (he gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] states is true to
its fullest extent it would show at any rate that
the Government is very weil protected by
means of this bureau. And the duties now
proposed to be taken away from the bureau
and devolved upon the Secretary of Wai, the
bureau heing thereby abolished, must be per-
formed by some one.
But there are some factswhich go to modify
the statements of the gentleman which are
