194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
ABSENT — Messrs. Aleoin, B.ivard, Brownlow
nia, Forrj-of
*uui <<uii. a.t ye, r raxi, xx.iiusey, jvioc, ivo otsr u>oi). oJtlUS-
bury. Scott,, Sherman, Sprogue, Stewart, Sumner,
and Wright—27.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. CONKLING. The resolution that I
offered this morning having been laid aside
informally for this, I ask that it be taken up
now and passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it been printed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been ; it was offered this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not in order to-day,
I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, unless
objected to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is in order because it
was received without objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was received, but
sever considered.
Mr. CONKLING. It was received without
objection. I ask that the resolution be read
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not before the
Senate, and I object to its consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit that it is before
the Senate. The objection comes too late. It
was received this morning, and upon the ap-
peal of the Senator from Rhode Island I con-
sented that it be laid aside in order that he
might call up his resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that on the retirement of the Vice
President, heleaving the Senate in comequenee
of illness ill his family , he in formed the present
occupant of the chair that the Senator from
New York was in the act of asking unanimous
consent that his resolution might be considered
when it was laid aside to take up the resolu-
tion just acted upon: that on that resolution
being disposed of, I ought to call the attention
of the Senate to that fact, but that a single
objection would throw it over. °
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair will allow
me, the resolution was offered on the regular
call for resolutions. Therefore, of course the
Vice President could not have intended the
present occupant of the chair to understand
that any consent was being asked to introduce
the resolution. It is a simple resolution direct-
ing this committee to make investigation ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the Senator to
order. There is nothing before the Senate.
Mr, ANTHONY. There is a point of order
before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know whether
the Senator from Illinois has any right to take
the floor from me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a right to call
the Senator to order. The Chair will decide
whether he is in order or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order upon the ground
that the Senator from New York at least is
before the Senate to state what he thinks should
be in order. [Laughter.]
Mr, CONKLING. I do not know that 1
shall ever be allowed to even make an attempt
to have anything in•> es-igated. bf-cause I do not i
seem to belong to that coterie in this body that i
have the exclusive right to manage the Gov- j
eminent and to institute investigations and do \
whatever is tobedone. I am striving humbly I
to get the action of the Senate upon a resolu- i
Hon winch. I submit, was offered upon a reg- ■'
ular call for resolutions, and which 1 proposed !i
to (On.-adcr finally to-day, and so stated.* II
! pou tiie appeal of the Sena! or from iihodf  I
ipltir.d, and with tire remark that the resolution !'
would more properly follow the adoption of i'
ms ri-olution than precede it. I allowed it in I,
bo over informally. Now. my wish is to sub- :!
m.t to the Chair both that I have a ri vht to !'
state my proposition, as I am seeking to do, I'
arid also that after what has occurred I have a ii
right to the consideration of this resolution,
it being simply one of inquiry, addressed to
this committee and specifying the subject to
be inquired about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has already ruled the first point in favor of the
Senator from New York, and he rules the
second point as directed by the Vice Presi-
dent, that a single objection is fatal to the
consideration of the resolution to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Then I give notice that
I shall call up the resolution on the very first
opportunity, and ask the action of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been trying to
obtain it for some time, and I supposed I had
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois has the floor beyond all question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad to be
able to obtain it after this length of time. I
objected to the passage of the resolution. I
want to see it. We are here at nearly ten
o'clock at night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a resolution of
investigation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am for it, no doubt 
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. I call the Senator from Illinois to
I order. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I overrule i
| the point of order on the ground that the .
Senator from Illinois is before the Senate. !
■ [Laughter.] j
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any other ques- >
tion before the Senate? j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not that I |
am aware of.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I submit that no
debate is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois has the floor to make any
suggest'on or proposition.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I pre-
sume I shall vote in favor of the resolution
offered by the Senator from New York, but 1
ha"ve not even heard it. I do notknow whether
it has been read ; but I should like to see it,
and we can adopt it in the morning. I think
it had better go over until the morning, with a
view of letting us see what it is. If it is a
resolution of inquiry, I shall certainly favor
it. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at nine
o'clock and fifty-one minutesp. m.)the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 18, 1871,
The House met at twelve o'clock m, Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev, J. G. Butler, D. D
Ihe Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the ii
first business m order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House bv
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo'
rials ana resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. _ The morning hour now begins at
fourteen minutes past twelve o'clock. '
F. AND E REED.
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (H, E, No
G2f>) tor the relief of F. & E. Reed, of Bath',
in (he Mate of Maine, for the arrest and deten-
tion of their ship at the port of Valencia,
spain ; which was read a first and second time
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
TONNAliK DUTIES.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (II. R. No.
627) imposing tonnage duties, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
GENERAL B. S. ROBERTS.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
028) to confer upon the Court of Claims juris-
diction of the claim of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral B. S. Roberts; which was read a first and
secondtime, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PLATT. I ask that that bill be read
at length.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to call
the attention of members to the operation of
the Monday morning hour rule. At the end
of sixty minutes from the i eadingof the Journal
it is in order to move to suspend the rules ;
that alone will cut off the further call of the
States for bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence. A motion to suspend the rules by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] comes
over from Monday last, and the Chair will be
bound to submit that motion to the House at
fourteen minutes past one o'clock, no matter
where the business may then stand. If gen-
tlemen insist upon the reading of bills at length
as they are now introduced the effect will
probably be to deprive some of the States of
the privilege of being called this morning for
bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. PLATT. I will not insist upon my call.
OCEAN" TELEGRAPH CABLES.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. U29j to encourage the laying of ocean
telegraph cables, and to secure the same for
the use of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. ®
NEW TRIALS IX COURT OP CLAIMS.
ot'Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. K No. 030) in relation to new trials
in the Court of Claims ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PROCEEDINGS IN CRIMINAL CASES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 631) to amend pro-
ceedings in criminal cases; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PRACTICE OF COURTS IN PATENT CASES
Mr. BL 1 LER. of Massachusetts, also infro
dueed a bill iH. R No. 032} amending the
practice of ^he courts in patent ea^es; which
vas read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to ihe Committee on
Keviaion of the JLa^s of the United St&tfes.
P. SELIN'A liUCHAN AS.
Mr. BANKS introduced a biil (R. R No
C33) grantinga pension to ]•'. Selina Buchanan,
widow of McLean Buchanan, laic pivmaster
in the L nited .States Navy; which was read a
farst and second time, ordered to be printed,
and with the accompanying papers referred
to ihe Committee on Naval Ailairs.
REDUCTION' Ol' EXTERNAL TAXES, ETC
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (II. R.
■No. l>:U) to reduce infernal taxes, and to abol-
ish the office of Commissioner of Internal
Kevonue : winch was read a first, and second
time;, ordered to be piinM-d, and referred to
the Committee of \V;lys lu,d Means.
SCHOONER LOIS.
I C1IA M introduced a bill ill. R.
, . to change the name of the schooner
hoih ,'o that of Sea \\ itch : which was read a
first and second tin,.', ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
