1872.
THE CONGKISSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
societies in twenty-two States, held in Philadelphia
on the 22d day of November, A. D. 1871.
On behalf of the executive committee.
LUCY STONE,
President American Woman Suffrage Association.
JULIA WARD HOWE,
Chairman of Executive Committee.
MARY GREW.
Corresponding Secretary.
HENRY B. BLACKWELL,
Recording Secretary.
r The additional officers of the American Woman
Suffrage Association are as follows :
Vice Presidents at Large.—T. W. Higsrinson. Rhode
Island; Mrs. W. T. Hazard, Missouri; Mary A. Liver-
more, Massachusetts; George William Curtis, New
York; George W. Julian, Indiana; Hannah M. T.
Cutler,Illinois; William Lloyd Garrison, Massachu-
setts; Margaret V. Longley, Ohio.
Foreign Corresponding Secretary.—Kate M. Dogget,
Illinois.
Treasurer.—John It. Wildman, Pennsylvania.
Vice Presidents ex. officio.—Mrs. Oliver Dennett,
Maine; Armenia S. Wuito, New Hampshire; Hon.
C. W. Willard. Vermont; Jauies Freeman Clarke,
Massachusetts; Elizabeth B. Chace, Rhode Island;
Ceiia* Burleigh, Connecticut: Jane G. Swissheiin,
Illinois; Moses Coit Tyler, Michigan; Mrs. C.J. H.
Nichols, Kansas: Isaac H.Sturgeon, Missouri; Seth
Rogers,Florida; Charles G. Ames,C.ihtornia; Rulus
Leightou, Washington Territory; Sarah Jane Lip-
pi'iicoft. District ot Columbih: Oliver Johnson, New
York; John Whitehead, New Jersey; Passmore W il-
hamson, Pennsylvania; Elizabeth Smith, Delaware;
Miriam Al. Cole, Ohio: Maiy P. Thomas, Indiana:
Rowland Conner, Wisconsin; Mrs. A. Knight, Min-
nesota; Amelia Bloomer, Iowa: Guy W. AVines. Ten-
nessee; Kutus S.ixton, Oregon ; John 0. Underwood,
Virginia,; A. K. P. Saffurd. Arizona.
Executive Committee.—NLrs. T. B. Hussey, Maine;
Albert Clarke, Vermont; Mary I\ Doyle, Rhode
Island; AnnaC. Field, New York; Annie Shoemaker,
Pennsylvania; Rebecca A. S. Janney, Ohio; Myra
BradwelI, Illinois: Abby J. Spaulding, Minnesota;
Belle Mansfield, Iowa; Fanny B. Ames, California;
M:\tiida. G. Suxton, Oregon; Mrs. Frank Leland,
Wisconsin; Mariana Stanton, Florida; Nathaniel
White, New Hampshire; Margaret W. Campbell,
Massachusetts; Phebc A llnnaford, Connecticut;
Oscar Clute, New Jersey; Mrs. E. E. L. Forbes,
Delawaie; Ellen Ferguson. Indiana; J. A. B. Stone,
Michigan; Job n Ritchie, Kansas: Charles G.Wood-
bury, Tennessee; A. M. Fretz, Virginia; Frederick
Hinckley,District ot Columbia; Mrs.Beverly Allen,
Missouri.
Mr. HOAR. J do not desire to detain the
House at this time with any remarks further than
to say that I trust that this Congress may have
an honorable part in this great act of justice,
sootier or later to be consummated, necessary
to the consistency and completeness of our
republican institutions, which require that in
the Republic every interest and every opinion
should be heard, and that every individual of
full age should have his or her equal voice.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I send to the Clerk's
desk, and ask to have read, a resolution which
1 offered on Monday last, and which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
to which I wish to address some observations
this morning.
The Clerli read as follows:
Resolved. That, in the opinion of this House, the
Forty-Second Congress should not close its second
session until it shall have matured and enacted a
law to enforce ;l reform in the civil service of t.he
Government, at least to the extent of the following
particulars, namely:
1. To prohibit members of either House of Con-
gress, and othcers thereof; members of the Supreme
Court, and othcers thereof; members or the Court
of Claims, and officers thereof, and all other officers
of the Government of the United State*, from
soliciting, procuring, or attempting to procure, the
appointment ot any person to an ofiiee under the
Government of the United States, in the civil ser- !
vice thereof, in any manner not m compliancewith
the rules relating to appointments in the civil ser-
vice, lately adopted by the President, or of such
modifications thereof as may be for the time being I
in force.
2. To cut off from the leading offices under the
United States Government,.in the great commercial
cities and elsewhere, all gains and emoluments of
every nature, direct and indirect, except a reason-
able salary, to be fixed by law, not in any case
larger than the salary of the members of the Presi-
dent's Cabinet representing the same general branch
of theservice.
3. To provide for the payment, by salaries only, to
subordinate officers and employes in the different
branches ot the civil service, ot such increased com-
pensation as will secure the service ot responsible
men, and allow them to live m a self-respecting
manner, m>t permitting perquisites or presents ot
any kind, direct or indirect.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in the
distribution of labor at the opening of the ses-
sion I had the honor of being assigned to the
special Committee on the Reorganization of
the Civil Service of the United Slates, 10 which
was referred that portion of the President's
message relating to civil service reform, and
other business relating to the same subject.
The committee being composed chiefly of men
of extended experience and great eminence in
this House, who are constantly pressed by other
duties, has not made rapid progress. I suppose
1 shall violate no rules, however, in stating that
it has had meetings at which a quorum was
present, and has transacted business ; if not of
the utmost importance, yet business. Duty
and choice have thus concurred to invite my
attention to the prospects of a reform of the
civil service. Considerable individual interest
among members appears to be felt in it; but
the tendency to legislative action upon it is
not vehement.
An impression seems to be entertained that
changes for the better are gradually taking
place in the processes of administration; that
a certain formidableness and inconvenience
would be experienced in an attempt to change
all at once, by a stroke of legislation, the polit-
ical usages of the country. 1 am not surprised
at the disinclination which I discover to enact
theoretical reforms into peremptory rules of
action, nor do I deem it altogether blamable.
But I think an earnest purpose toward reform
would be gratifying to the country, and I am
not free from an impression that we are allow-
ing to slip from us golden moments in a way
to cause future regrets. I invite the attention
of the House to this subject, because the situ-
ation seems to me favoiable for more distinct
action than is now generally contemplated.
The weight of the national debt, the necessi-
ties of taxation, the abuses, inseparable from
transactions through which the country has
passed, give to this investigation greater inter-
est than commonly attends a discussion of
administrative economy. It is found to involve
in one form and another the constitutional
distribution of powers among different branches
of government; and it is also seen to affect the
integrity of public opinion, the foundation on
which the whole superstructure of government
is laid.
Almost immediately on the close of the war
the attention of the country was directed to
the subject, and it has now been before Con-
gress nearly eight years. By a concurrent
resolution of the two Houses of Congress on
July 19, 1866, a joint select committee was
constituted, and instructed to inquire, among
other things, into the expenditures in all
branches of the service of the United States ;
to report whether any and what offices ought
to be abolished; whether any and what allow-
ances or salaries ought to be reduced; how
and to what extent the expenses of the pub-
lic service may and ought to be curtailed;
to consider the expediency of amending the
laws under which appointments to the public
service are now made, so as to provide for
the selection of subordinate officers after due
examination by proper boards ; and for with-
drawing the public service fiom being used as
an instrument of political or parly patronage.
The subject was broad, the labor imposed
great, and the committee did not report to
this House until the 31st. day of January, 18G7.
Meanwhile Mr. Browning, then Secretary ot
the Interior, filed his annual report, on Decem-
ber 19, 1866, in which he adverted to the con-
dition of the civil service, arid said :
" No one, with the most limited experienee in an
executive department, can, I believe, avoid the con-
clusion that its efficiency would be largely promoted
by a radical change in the organization ot its cler-
ical force, and that the increased outlay necessary
to secure the services of experienced and skillful
clerks would prove iu the end to be true economy."
The remedv he recommended was an in-
crease of salary. But he spoke of the condi-
tion of the public service as of a fact. His
language was singularly strong and unreserved.
"No one," said he, " with the most limited
experience in an executive department, can, I
believe, avoid the conclusion," &c. It was
not to his mind a matter susceptible of differ-
ences of opinion. Nor did it require long expe-
rience to force the conviction. The "most
limited experience" would do it. The experi-
ence need not be in his department or in any
particular department as distinguished from
others. All that, was required was experience
m "an executive department." The conclu-
sion or conviction would not be merely prob-
able, but he believed no one could avoid it.
The report by Mr. Jenckes, from the joint
select committee, presented to this House on
the 31si day of January, 1867, was one of extra-
ordinary research and care, covering about
one hundred and fourteen printed pages, and
was accompanied by a bill, the provisions of
which were in some respects, but not in others,
like the plan proposed by the present civil ser-
vice board. The report, contained copious par-
ticulars as to the condition of our civil ser-
vice, and careful expositions of the history and
condition of the administraiive systems, so far
as they related to the selection and qualifica-
tion of officers for the civil service, in Ger-
many, Prance, and Great Britain. The bill
reported was the result of such examinations
and comparison. In regard to our own civil
service, the committee said that with a system
substantially like that proposed in the bill
" the same amount of service could be obtained
at about two thirds of the present expenditure,
and that the service rendered, if competent
persons filled all the appointments, would be
tar greater than that obtained from the present
number of officers." In the opinion of that
committee, two thirds of the expense ought
to, and under a better system would, produce
not only the same amount of service, but an
amount "far greater."
The.committee was revived and enlarged,
and at the next session of Congress, on May 25,
1868, by the same chairman as before, they
made to this House auother report, covering
two hundred and twenty printed pages, it
contained a mass of testimony bearing upon
the condition of our civil service and the prob-
able effects of the reform proposed in the first
report. It reported the result of examinations
of the civil service systems of China and Prus-
sia, repeating parts of ihe previous report
relating to France and Great Britain. This
report was also accompanied by a bill.
On November 15, 1869, Mr. Cox, then Sec-
retary of the Interior, made his annual report,
in which he discussed the topic, and concurred
with the previous statement of Mr. Browning
as to the actual condition of the civil service.
He said:
"After a careful examination of the subject I am
fully persuaded that the measure I have suggested
would have enabled this Department to do the
work of the past fiscal year with a corps of clerks
one third less than were found necessary.''
The topic was not allowed to sleep. Pres-
ident Grant in his annual message to Congress
in December, 1870, said:
" Always favoring practical reforms, I respectfully
call your attention to an abuse ot long standing,
which I would like to sec remedied by this Congress.
It is a reform in the civil service of the country. 1
would have it go beyond the mere fixing oi the ten-
ure of office ot clerks and employ6s who do not re-
quire 'the advice and consent of the Senate' to make
their appointments complete. Iwould havnitgovern
not the tenure but the manner of making all appoint-
ments."' * * * * " The present system
does not secure the best men, and often not even f|t
men for the public service. The elevation and puri-
fication of the civil service of the Government will
be hailed with approval by the whole people of the
United States."
On the last day of its session Congress
responded by inserting in an appropriation
bill a section providing—
"That the President of the United States be, and
ho is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into the.,
civil service of the United States as will best pro-
mote the efficiency thereof and ascertain the fitness
of each candidate m respect to age, health, character,
knowledge, and ability for the branch of service into
which he seeks to enter; and for this purpose the
President is authorized to em ploy suitable persoi* to
