1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2883
is no question but what it is competent to
amend it. As to what extentit may beamended
is a question for the Senate to determine by
their votes. It is certainly before the Senate,
having laid over the time required.
Mr. MORTON. The resolution of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania was in regard to the
limitation of debate.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. It was in regard
to legislation on appropriation bills : that was
the scope of it; it referred specifically to the
five-minutes rule, but it was in regard to appro-
priation bills. The proposition of the Senator
from Vermont is certainly in regard to appro-
priation bills also.
Mr. MORTON. The rule in regard to de-
bate is applicable to all bills. The rule in
regard to amendments is applicable to all bills.
It seems to me the latter proposition refers to
the alteration of the thirtieth rule. For cer-
tain reasons I would not favor the amend-
ment now proposed. I do not think it is wise
to take away the power of the Senate to put an
amendment of a general character on an appro-
priation bill. The abuses that have arisen
from that are, I think, greatly exaggerated.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Indiana
who is to decide the question of what is ger-
mane and what is not?
Several Senators. The Chair.
Mr. NYE. That subject is then still left
open to debate, is it not?
Mr. MORTON. I suppose the Chair will
have the decision of that question, and upon
an appeal from the Chair it would be for the
Senate to settle.
Mr. NYE. Who decides the question of
whether the several propositions submitted are
germane or not—the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the question of an amendment being exactly
germane does not now come up. The ques-
tion is as to the right of the Senate to amend
this resolution offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania in the manner indicated. The
Chair thinks by usage they certainly have a
right to amend it in this way. The Chair will
•state furthermore to the Senator from Indiana,
in further response, that having examined the
amendment, he thinks the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont does not conflict with
the thirtieth rule. The thirtieth rule is a rule
of a negative character; that no amendments
shall be received except under certain condi-
tions. This adds another one. It does not con-
flict with the thirtieth rule, but says some other
amendments shall notbereceived. TheChair
does not understand any rule of parliament-
ary law or any usage of the Senate by which
he could exclude this amendment. The thir-
tieth rule excludes certain amendments unless
made to carry out the provisions of law, or re-
ported by a standing or select committee, &c.,
and this adds another one to the exclusions.
Messrs. NYE and BOREMAN. Let the
amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amertdmentof Mr.
Edmuxds.
Mr. NYE. Now, with great diffidence I sug-
gest that that leaves that question an open
question, worse than the original. The argu-
ment upon these questions of pertinency
will consume more time, I venture to say, than
the thing would be subject to, leaving it as it
is. I hope, therefore, it will not be done.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote on this
proposition without any reference to its merits.
I am for it by itself; I have voted for it at
other times, and have been in favor of it for a
Jong time; but I shall vote against it now, and
ma re£Json which I beg to state.
sThe Senator from Pennsylvania, making an
earnest effort to facilitate the business of the
Senate drew a resolution which he offered and
showed to me, and I think to a number of
other Senators, and I told him that I approved
of it, would stand by it, and give it my vote,
lhat I am going to do ; and therefore I am
going to resist all amendments foreign to it.
I repeat that this proposition, either in these
words or in equivalent words, lay itself, having
been in favor of all along, I shall be in favor of
hereafter; but still I am going to vote to keep it
off the proposition of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to the end thatwe may maintain that
by itself and leave it to do the good it will do.
If amended in this way some other Senator
will move some other amendment "that may be
proper in itself, and what in the end may be
the fate of it we cannot tell. I am not going
to stop to inquire into that, but will stand by
it as it is.
Mr. SCOTT. I had risen when I sought the
floor a few minutes ago to say about the same
thing. I introduced the original resolution for
the_ purpose of facilitating the dispatch of
business by limiting debate on the appropria-
tion bills. . For the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont as an independent proposition,
and _ especially at the commencement of a
session, when we shall all start out with a
knowledge of it, I shall vote; but I do not
feel at liberty to vote to incumber this reso-
lution with that additional amendment now.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am paired with the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] on
all questions concerning this resolution. If
he were here I suppose he would vote " nay."
and I, if at liberty, would vote "yea" on this
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casserly, Clayton, Davis
of West Virginia., Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Sherman,
Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman,Caldwell, Chand-
ler, Conkhng, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermonr, Morion, Nye,
Ramsey. Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Sumner, and Win-
dom—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cole. Cooper,
Corbett, Cragm. Davis of Kentucky. Fcnton, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Osborn,
Patterson, Pool, Hansom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, and West—30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution as
amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
resolution read as it now stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported as amended.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution as amend-
ed reads :
Resolved, That during the present session it shall
be in order at any time to move a recess; and, pend-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confine debate
on amendments thereto to five minutes by any Sen-
ator on the pending motion; and such motions shall
be decided without debate. And no amendment to
any such bill making legislative provisions other
than such as directly relate to the appropriations
contained in the bill shall be received.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays on the final passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I was out of the Senate
when the vote was taken on the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont. I should have
voted for it if I had been in the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the resolution as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 13 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Ilowe, Kellogg, Lewis,Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—33.
NAYS—xMessrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Casserly, Davis
of West Virginia, Goldtliwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Stevenson, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, and Vickeib—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair,Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cooper, Corbett, Cragm, Davis of Kentucky, Fen-
ton, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, MorriU of Maine,
Osborn,Pool, Ransom, Robertson,Saulsbury, Schurz.
Spencer, Sprague, fetockton, Thurman, Tipton, and
W est—28.
So the resolution was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S No. 712) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Texas Pacific
Railroad Company, and to aid in the construc-
tion of its road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1871, with amendments;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 2616) authorizing the
erection of a public building in Rockland,
Maine ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2617) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of Sion H. Rogers.
The message further announced that the
House had recommitted the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 1060) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of Charles K. Tuelierman be withdrawn from tbe
files of the Senate and referred to tho Committee on
Claims.
hour of meeting.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its present consideration:
Revolved, That until otherwise ordered the hour
for the daily meeting of the Senate shall be eleven
o'clock a. m.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not; that changes
a rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itchanges a reso-
lution, not a rule. If there is objection, it will
lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mr. SCOTT. I give notice that I will bring
it up to- morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. VICKERS submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Jieiolved, That the Committee on the Revision of
the Rules bo instructed to inquire into the propriety
of so amending the thirtieth rule of the Senate as to
confine amendments to appropriation bills to mat-
ters germane or pertinent to such bills.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following resolution of the House
of Representatives:
Is the House or Representatives,
April 29, 1872.
Resolved, That thereport of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes, be recommitted to the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. COLE. I move that, the Senate concur
in the resolution of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency appuopriatt on bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of the deficiency appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill is before the Senate. Tl e pending ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the rejection of the Mor-
