1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3779
very important. One great difficulty making
it almost impossible to get at the rights of
colored claimants is that the names of colored
men formerly slaves are so much alike ; there
are so many George Washington^ and so many
other great names all alike, with not hing to
distinguish one from the other without a care-
ful sifting of the evidence, that there is an ele-
ment of much greater difficulty in regard to
the payment of these bounties to colored
soldiers than any thing that exists in the case
of white soldiers.
Then again the white soldiers are intelligent.
They know their rights and can seek for them
themselves, without any outside help, whereas
the colored men cannot read or write, and are
peculiarly the prey of sharpers; and it has
been found, in fact, that there is an organiza-
tion in the South for the very purpose of prey-
ing upon colored soldiers and robbing them
of their pittance. And this organization,
whose agents infest the Capitol, would get the
amounts coming to the colored soldiers and
appropriate thera to their own use, without the
protection of this legislation, which puts a
check upon this by requiring evidence of iden-
tity of the colored soldier, and that those per-
sons are his agents.
I admit that, in consequence of these diffi-
culties, a little more time may be required to
settle in a just manner the claims of the col-
ored soldiers. But the object the Government
has in view, and to be effected by this provis-
ion proposed to be stricken out, is beneficial
to the colored soldier. Under this system it
may take a little longer, but he gets his money
in the end ; while by the other system he would
not get it at all, arid the Treasury would not
be protected.
Mr. HOLMAN". The gentleman speaks of
protection to the Treasury. There was a case
some time ago in which it was shown that pay-
ments were made on forged papers for two
colored regiments of Louisiana. It was found
on examination by a committee organized on
the motion of Mr. Lincoln, of New York, that
this Freedmen's Bureau was no protection at
all against fraud.
I might say with safety that there were two
entire regiments paid on forged papers, as the
files of this House will show.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. YOUNG. I move to strike out all after
the word "provided," in line ten hundred
and seventy-lour, down to and including the
word ''proviso," in line ten hundred and
seventy-nine, as follows:
That the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands shall be discontinued from and
after June 30, 1872, and that all agents, cleiks, and
other employe'-! tlu n on duty shall ho discharged,
except such as may be retained by the Secretary of
"War lor the purposes ot this proviso.
And insert in lieu thereof the following :
That on and after the parage of this bill the
Bureau of Freedmen and Abandoned Lands is hereby
forever discontinued.
Mr. WALLS. There is one particular reason
why this amendment, should not be adopted.
It will be remembered by the gentlemen who
served in the Army in 18bo-64 that the colored
soldiers did not receive the s.jne pay that white
soldiers received.
Mr. YOUNG. This has nothing to do with
the pay of colored soldiers at all.
Mr. WALLS. It repeals the bureau through
which justice has been done to the colored
man.
Mr. SARGENT. But it devolves the same
duties upon other officers.
Mr. WALLS. Then I have no more to
say.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking
out " $100,000" and inserting in lieu thereot
"$50,000." and I want to call the attention
of gentlemen of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to this fact: this $100,000 proposed to
be appropriated, I take it, is not intended to
be a part of the fund that is to be paid to the
soldiers. It is for the purpose of keeping up
this bureau, this instrumentality for clerk*
hire, rent, stationery, &c. Now, I would
like to know if they propose to abolish the
bureau, why pay $100,000 for its dying throes?
\yhy should it not be at once abolished and
the papers, &c., turned over to the War De-
partment at once? That seems to be the sen-
sible way of closing up the business. I am
not now discussing whether the bureau was
good or bad. We have already heard some-
thing about that.
A word now as to the first proviso which
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Young]
proposes to strike out. I will not say that it
is bunglingly drawn, but it is very unartist-
ically drawn. It goes on to say "that the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands shall be discontinued from and
after June 30,1872, and that all agents, clerks,
and other employes then on duty shall be dis-
charged except such as may be retained."
That is a very curious way of discharging per-
sons.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman fails to
read "by the Secretary of War for the pur-
poses of this proviso."
Mr. COX. That is for the purpose of keep-
ing up the bureau.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir, for the purpose
of doing justice both to the Government and
to the colored soldiers.
Mr. COX. Well, that io all that the bureau
is doing now, as the gentleman knows.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 admit that there is no
necessity for a separate bureau for this pur-
pose. The original duties of this bureau were
very rmich larger, but they have been nar-
rowed down to this, and we think it unneces-
sary to keep up the bureau for these purposes,
because the work can be finished up by the
Secretary of War.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
mittee on Appropriations had before them the
regular estimate for the Freedmen's Bureau
as it has been for several yeans past. They
were of opinion that it would be better to
transfer the bureau to the War Department.
They consulted with the Committee on Freed-
inen's Affairs, and found that that committee
had a bill in partial preparation for this pur-
pose, making the transfer. The Committee on
Appropriations took that, bill, went over it,
made some amendments in it, and then sent
to the Secretary of War, asking him to report
if he could take thebusiness that is nowbeing
done by the Freedmen's Bureau, the payment
of back pay and bounties to the colored sol-
diers throughout the country, and carry the
work on with his force in the Department. He
sent us back a long letter, which I hold in my
hand, accompanied by a letter from the Sec-
ond Auditor, in whose office they were settled,
setting forth what work is now on hand which
the bureau has not yet done, and what remains
to be done, and stating that if we gave him
the necessary clerical force, which is provided
for in this bill, he could take it.
He? suggests in another letter which I have
here that the transfer to his Department
should be absolute. The last proviso which
has just been stricken out on my motion,
made by authority of the Committee on
Appropriations, continued the service of the
present Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau. The Secretary of War said he would
prefer that the transfer should be made abso-
lutely, and he could detail any officers of the
Army he should choose to carry on the work.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] says this continues this work for
twelve months.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. " The gentle-
man from Ohio" says nothing of the sort.
It continues it until the 30th day of June next,
and no longer. The payment of bounty, of
back pay, and all that belongs to this matter,
are turned over absolutely to the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. COX. Why do you want $100,000,
enough to pay a hundred men a -year at a
$1,000 each?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. To pay the
obligations already incurred in the bureau.
I call attention to the documents from the
War Department to which I have referred.
The documents are as follows:
Treasury Department,
Second Auditor's Office, April 24,1872.
Sir: Your letter of the 12th instant, stating that a
bill H. 11.1359, providing for the abolishment of the
freedmen's Bureau, and for continuing in force all
acts pertaining to the collection and payment of
bounties, &c., due colored soldiers or their heirs, to be
carried into effect by the Secretary oi War, had been
referred to your Department by the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs, and inviting suggestions upon
the expediency of transferring that portion of the
Freedmen's Bureau to this office, has been received.
In reply, I bave the honor to state that from the
examination and settlement of the claims of
colored soldiers, or their heirs, I have long since
been convinced of the utility and necessity of some
such a system as that organized by the Freedmen's
Bureau. Since the commencement of the settlement
of claims under tho joint operation of the Freed-
men's Bureau and this office there have been ad-
justed over seventy thousand claims, and about
fifteen million dollars disbursed. There have
been rejected for different causes about twenty
thousand cases, many of which, however, may be
received and settled, leaving at present in the files
awaiting initial or final action about thirteen thou-
sand claims, which will involve a disbursement of
not less than two million dollars. The difficulty
of reaching by mail persons generally so illiterate
and obscure, seldom resident near a post office and
so little likely to be known to a postmaster; the
chaotic character of tbe social and domestic relations
of tho colored race while in a stnto of slavery, which
renders it often an extremely difficult and delicate
matter to decide between several contesting parties;
the irregularities permitted in respect to marriage,
the long separation of near relatives in many cases,
and the general credulity with which the race is apt
to listen to the proposals of a sharper, render it
almost impossible to attempt to settle this class of
claims without far greater precaution and chocks
than are required in the case of white soldiers.
It has been the uniform experience of the office
that for the prevention and detection of fraud,
the proper identiflc* -on of claimants, and their
protection, not only against the chicanery of unscru-
pulous parties, but their own ignorance, there is
needed somo kind of an organization that can deal
directly with the claimants themselves. This is
impossible for tho officials of the Tieasury to do
in their capacity as accounting officers, from the
technical limitation and definition of their duties
by statute, the lack of any appropriation from which
to pay the agents who must bo omployed on such
service, tho absence of any authorized mode of
extending such agencies over a large extent of
country, and the natuie of the service ittelf, which
appears to be foreign to the purposes for which an
accounting bureau is created. From the fact that
numerous attempts at fraud have been prevented
before fruition, and that committed frauds have in
many instances been detected and dishonest parties
brought to punishment through the cooperation of
the bureau, it is shown that a well organized system
for investigations of this kind, be it attached to
what Department of the Government it may, is abso-
lutely necessaiy ; and in fact it has been found that
such investigations are more likely to be uninfluenced
by local considerations than when made by persons
constantly resident at tho place of investigation.
And in the absence of the bureau as it was no
branch of the Government appeal a, by its central-
ization of power, the number and wide distribution
of its officials, their general intelligence and fidel-
ity, and their immediate responsibility to headquar-
ters, so well fitted tor awork of this kind as the one
indicated in the bill. 1 therefore earnestly express
the belief that the true interests of both claimants
and the Government require that the investigation
with reference to the settlement and payment of
such claims shall be made by the War Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. B. FRENCH, Auditor.
To the Secretary of War.
War Department.
Washington City, April 26, 1ST2.
Sir: In reply to your reference of the bill IT. R.
1359, proposing the abolishment of the Buieau
of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands for
the views of this Department thereupon, I have the
honor to repoit as follows :
The bill which provides for the discontinuance
of the bureau proposes to require tbe continuance
of tbe work now performed under its auspices, under
the authoiity of tho several acts relating to the col-
lection and payment of bounties and other moneys
duo to colored soldieis, sailors, or marines, their
heirs, <fcc., under the direction of the War Depart-
ment, and appropriates $103,000 for the purpose of
enabling the preaeutComimi&ioner to settle all legal
claims against said bureau, and to perfect irs rec-
ords, except such as may be transferred under the
provision requiring tho Secretary of War to settle
the claims referred to. It is believed that the inter-
ests of the (rovernmeut would be best subserved by
requiring all the business of the bureau and all its
records to be immediately transferred to the Secre-
