1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. ROBERTSON. He will not give up
his land for $2 50 an acre.
Mr. HOWE. As I understand,the amend-
ment about which Senators are talking is not
before the Senate. , The simple question now
is, will the Senate concar in the amendment
made by the House of Representatives or
not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
question. The Senator from Illinois rose to
make a suggestion, but the Chair did not
understand him to make a motion.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from Minne-
sota, being on the committee and taking some
interest in this bill, said to me yesterday that
he was going away, and desired to make some
remarks in reference to this bill. 1 felt it my
duty to suggest to the friends of the bill that
he was desirious of having an opportunity to
say something in reference to the bill when it
came up.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Senator
from Illinois did not make any motion on this
subject?
Mr. LOGAN. I made no motion ; I merely
made that suggestion to Senators.
Mr. HOWE. I think I know the opinions
of the Senator from Minnesota so well as to
feel quite confident that he would be better
satisfied with having the Senate order a com-
mittee of conference than he would by having
a postponement. I am pretty clear upon that
■point; and now I just want to say in ten
words to the Senate that, whatever may be
their ultimate decision on this bill, I hope
they will not concur in the amendment made by
the House of Representatives, because 1 think
the Senator from Ohio and every Senator will
agree that the amendment does a great wrong
to the State of Wisconsin. If you cannot do
that State any good, do not do it any harm.
You have nothing against the State of Wiscon-
sin ; it is a clever community of men ; it has
not hurt you any. This does them a great
wrong. If you cannot allow a railway to be
built over that forest, do not tie up the land,
do not withdraw it from market, do not with-
hold it from settlement until people go one by
one and take up the lands for actual settle-
ment and occupation.
I hope, therefore, without going over this
ground at all, that the Senate will not concur in
the amendment.. There are many other rea-
sons which might be urged. I only say one
thing, that it doss a great wrong to the State
of Wisconsin. What I ask is that the Senate
will not agree to this motion to concur, that
the Senate will non-concur, aod simply allow
this matter to go to a committee of conference.
If that committee shall not report something
that will be satisfactory to the Senate, then we
can consider the whole subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurrence.
Mr. CASSERLY. When I heard the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas the other
day it struck me favorably. I thought if it
were true (which I am very much inclined to
doubt) that any considerable number of set-
tlers, or even any small number, had gone
upon lands along the unbuilt line of this rail-
road, it was proper they should be provided
for. It seemed to me that the amendment
of the Senator from Kansas would have that
effect. I have written out an amendment which
has been suggested by his, and probably does
not substantially differ from it, which I will
ask to have read bv the Clerk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator offer it now?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to amend the House amend-
ment by inserting what will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert at
the end of the House amendment the following:
And provided aho, That all settler? upon lands
along the line of said road shall bo entitled, at their
i ption, either to receiye back from the United States
the moneys paid by them on or for their lands, or
to receive.eighty acres free of charge in addition to
the lands now held by them.
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from California that he modify
that so as to say '' in excess of $1 25 an acre.''
They have bought the lands, as I understand,
at $2 50 an acre. I would relieve' them from
the extra $1 25.
Mr. CASSERLY. My idea is this, and I
think the Senator from Iowa will not differ
from me: these men are settlers on double
minimum lands; as I understand the law,
they have paid double minimum price for their
lands; that is, $2 50 an acre. The railroad
company has broken its obligations notwith-
standing at least one extension, giving.it six-
teen years in all. It has failed to build its line
according to the law. I do not think that the
men who went upon these lands in good faith
should suffer to any extent whatever by the ac-
tion of Congress. They went upon the lands,
not as lands held at the minimum price of $1 25
per acre, but as lands held at the double mini-
mum, and so went because it was understood
there would be in due time a railroad built
through them. No railroad having been built
through them, the consideration which those
men had for paying $2 50 having utterly
failed, through no fault whatever of theirs, but
if there was any fault anywhere, through the
fault of Congress in permitting the several
defaults of this company or of the company to
which the present company has succeeded, to
occur from time to time, my opinion is that we
do not deal justly with them unless we give
them their option to have back the whole of
the money paid for their lands, or in lieu
thereof an additional grant of eighty acres,
the latter being according to the suggestion
of the Senator from Kansas the other day. It
seems to me in that way only can we deal in
perfect justice with the settlers who haveacted
in good faith throughout, and who stand to-day
before us innocent of any default, or wrong
whatever.
Mr. POMEROY. While the Senator from
California and myself agree about it, I saw the
necessity of drawing an amendment very care-
fully, and I thought it was best to put the mat-
ter into the hands of a committee of confer-
ence, so that they can report in this direction
an amendment drawn with care. I have pre-
pared one at considerable length, which I think
is more carefully drawn than perhaps the one
proposed by the Senator from California. Still
1 would rather have the voice of a committee
on that, and it was on that account I thought
it better to have a conference committee.
Mr. HOWE. May I not ask the Senator
from California if he has any objection to with-
drawing his amendment until the Senate has
voted ou the question of concurring ?
Mr. CASSERLY. As to the mere question
of the time when it is to be offered, if it makes
no difference as to my right to offer the amend-
ment, and it makes no difference in the action
of the Senate if it should adopt it, of course I
shall not be tenacious in view of the wish of
the Senator from Wisconsin; but I ask the
instruction of the Chair as to what would be
the sft'cct?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
withdraws his amendment, and the Senate
should non-concur in the House amendment,
the question would then recur, What shall be
done with the amendment of the House of
Representatives? The Senate could then con-
cur in it with an amendment, or they could
disagree entirely and refer the difference to a
committee of conference ; but if the Senate
should concur, that would close the whole
question.
Mr. POMEROY. But we could reconsider
the vote on concurrence and open the ques-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
reconsider of course would open it.
Mr. CASSERLY. That was precisely what
I feared might be the result of my failing to
offer the amendment now, that if the Senate
should concur in the House amendment my
amendment would be cut out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Exccpt by a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Chair further,
whether, if the Senate should non-concur in
the House amendment, it would then be open
to me to offer my amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It could be by
consent, if on this motion to concur the negative
should prevail. Or if the Senate should con-
cur, a motion to reconsider could then be made
for the purpose of entertaining this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senate vote to
concur, I shall insist on a reconsideration to
have the amendment put in at some stage;
but I think it will be best to take the sense of
the Senate first on the question of concurrence.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think under the cir-
cumstances I shall be willing to let my amend-
ment wait for a vote of the Senate upon con-
curring.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws the amendment tempo-
rarily until the vote is taken on the question
of concurrence, the understanding being by
unanimous consent that after that vote is taken
he shall be permitted to move his amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must say in regard to
the vote on concurrence that I am very much
in favor of concurring, although I shouldafter-
ward, or the Senator from Kansas should after-
ward, ask the Senate to reconsider the vote so
as to permit an amendment like mine or like
his, which he says is more carefully drawn, to
be offered. I can very well understand that the
Senator's amendment is more carefully drawn
than mine, because I drew mine in a hurried
moment after hearing that the Senator from
Kansas had proposed to withdraw his. Now, sir,
I will state why I am in favor of concurring.
When this bill was in the Senate it was .pot
very much discussed. It came up in the morn-
ing hour, that hour which is more responsible
for hasty and perhaps for evil legislation than
any other hour of the day. All Senators who
were here during the proceedings which re-
sulted in the passage of this bill will bear me
witness that there was scarcely any discussion
worthy of the name. It was assumed as a
matter of fact that a large body of settlers had
gone upon the lands lying along the unfinished
line of this railroad, and in their interest I was
willing at that time to content myself with
statiug the objections which occurred to me
to the bill and with voting against it. I was
one of the eight or nine Senators who voted
against the bill. The Senator from South
Carolina reminds me that there were but seven.
The fewer there were the more I regret that
the minority was so small. It went to the
House of Representatives, and was there thor-
oughly discussed. A bill has come back here
from the House of Representatives as an amend-
ment to our bill. I see nothing objectionable
in the House bill except one feature, which I
think can be cured by the amendment of the
Senator from Kansas or my own, or perhaps
something made up of the desirable features
of both.
1 confess I am somewhat guided, too, in my
wish to have a vote of concurrence by what
I have seen of the work of conference com-
mittees during my short time in this body.
They are not wholesome agents of legisla-
tion. Upon certain classes of bills, biila
abounding in details, such as appropriation
bills and revenue bills, they are unavoidable,
and I suppose that was originally their pur-
pose) but it has come to be the rule that
whenever there are measures which cannot
on their merits obtain a majority of both
Houses, they become laws through the action
ox conference committees. I am saying noth-
mg^ new on this subject. Some of the most
eminent men who have been in Congress have
expressed the same views much more forcibly
