3780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
tary of "War, for settlement and arrangement under
his immediate supervision.
The following is an itemized estimate of the
amount required to settle the affairs of the bureau,
as prepared by the Commissioner, and to the ex-
planatory remarks following each item attention is
respectfully invited:
Twenty-five thousand dollars for the payment of
amounts pledged for the construction of the follow-
ing-named school buildings, namely:
~Eov Leland University, New Orleans 67,925
For Berea College, Berea, Kentucky  7,000
For orphan asylum, Helena, Arkansas  2,000
For normal school, Chattanooga, Tennessee, 1.000
For high school, Augusta, Georgia  5,000
For high school, Washington, North Carolina, 1,200
For school. Chesterfield, South Carolina  600
For sohool, Mount Pleasant, Maryland  250
For'school, Hyattsville, Maryland.  300
3?©r school, Camp Nelson, Kentucky  131
Total $25,406
The above institutions were promised the sums
named by the Commissioner of the bureau as aid in
the construction of school buildings. Assistance
was extended to many similar institutions from the
appropriations for the past fiscal year, -which, how-
ever, were found to be too limited to justify the ful-
fillment of the promises made to thoseabovo named.
No legal contract was made with any of these col-
leges, or obligation other thanamoral one assumed,
but it is understood that some of them, relying upon
this promise, have commenced the construction of
thoir school buildings, and are now unable to pro-
ceed for want of funds.
Fifty thousand dollars for deficiencies for current
expenses of the bureau for the present fiscal year.
At the time this estimate was made the bureau
was in full operation. Since then all business of
paying bounties has been stopped, all offices out-
side of that at Washington closed, and if the busi-
ness of the bureau is not resumed this estimate can
be reduced to $25,000. This suspension of the work
of the bureau is, however, a great wrong to the
colored soldiers, nnd if continued would cause a
heavy loss to the Government by destruction of its
defenses against fraudulent claims. In this connec-
tion attention is invited to the accompanying com-
munication from the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, which will partially illustrate the importance
of the work now suspended.
Ten thousand dollars for payment of officers and
clerks while engaged in putting the records in order
for future reference.
There are now but two regular clerks employed
by the bureau, and some three or four others on
half duty. These are students at tho university.
Until within a year and o half, when appropria-
tions were reduced, the records were generally kept
up; but reduction of clerical force became neces-
sary, and they have been falling behind ever since.
Ten thousand dollars for settlement of transport-
ation accounts and accounts for subsistence stores
not yot examined.
Large numbers of transportation and subsistence
Accounts which have been sent to the bureau from
tho Quartermaster General's office and subsistence
office are pending unsettled, and this item is for
their settlement. It is believed that tho whole
amount of the ostlmato will bo required.
Three thousand dollars for olfico rent, fuel, lights,
and stationery.
The records occupy quite anumber of large rooms
up and down stairs in the university building,
and are partially arranged for access for reference.
A building will be required to contain them. Rent
is now being paid for the rooms at present occu-
pied.
Eight hundred dollars for transportation of rec-
ords from outside offices to Washington.
All outside offices being closed, (as now ordered,)
the records are to bo sont to Washington, and this
amount is estimated for their transportation. Tho
final accounts of many officers have boon received,
while others are still delayed, but in the great
majority of instances the records have not been
transmitted to Washington.
With the foregoing remarks the bill is respectfully
returned to the committee.
Very respectfully,your ohediont sorvant,
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations, Iloube of Iteprenentatives.
War Department,
Washington City, May 22,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to request your attention
to that i>art oi the bill (H. U. No. 2705) making ap-
propriation for sundry civil expenses for the fiscal
year ending Juno 30,1873, which relates to the Freed-
men's Bureau.
The paragraph in question first appropriates
$100,000 for collection and payment of claims, sal-
aries of employes, and other items, and then pro-
vides: "that the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands be discontinued from and
after Juno 30,1872, and that all agents, clerks, and
other employes then on duty shall be discharged,
except such as may be retained by the Secretary of
War for the purposes of this proviso."
The purposes of this proviso seem to me to be
clearly the discontinuanco of the Freedmen's Bureau
as such by the 30th of Juno; and the retention of
clerks and employe? alluded to in the proviso is for
the purpose of winding up its affairs by the Secre-
tary of War. But then follows this clause: "and
all acts and parts of acts pertaining to the collection
and payment of bounties or other moneys due to
colored soldiers, sailors, marines, or their heirs, shall
remain in force until otherwise ordered by Congress,
the same to be carried into effect by the Secretary
of War, who may employ such clerical force as ma'y
be necessary for the purpose."
Taking the two parts of this proviso together, it
would appear that the intention of the bill is, first,
to wind up the affairs of the Freedmen's Bureau as
such; and, second, to transfer its duties in carrying
out the laws of Congress in regard to bounties of
colored soldiers, &c., to the Secretary of War, and
for this purpose permitting him to use the $100,000
appropriated.
But there is a second proviso as follows: "And
provided further, That the present Commissioner of
the Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and Abandoned
Lands shall be granted, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, such period after June 30, 1872,
as may be necessary to enable him to settle all legal
claims against said bureau, and to perfect the records
of the same exceptsuch as may be transferred hereby;
and for the purposes of this proviso the sum of
$75,000 is hereby appropriated.*'
This proviso still continues the present Commis-
sioner of the bureau for an indefinite period, for the
purpose of settling olaims against the bureau and
perfecting its records, and for this purpose $76,000 is
appropriated.
If it is the desire of Congress to transfer to the
Secretary of War the duties now performed by the
Freedmen's Bureau, I am of the belief that that
desire would bo more effectively carried out by re-
lieving the present Commissioner from its charge
altogether, and placing the whole matter without
reserve in the hands of the Secretary of War.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priation#, House of Representatives.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I will withdraw my amendment.
I move another amendment, to reduce the
appropriation to $30,000. I want to call the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gahfield] to the fact that there must be at
least a hundred men or more employed. Who
are they? Are they agents to go down South
during the coming presidential contest, or are
they clerks to be retained here? If this bureau
is to be kept up for a year or more, where are
these men to be employed?
Mr. GAHFIELD, of Ohio. In the War
Department.
Mr. COX. Why do you want $100,000 or
a hundred men? What are they to do?
The Second Auditor is bound by law to attend
to all this business, and he has a force for that
purpose, and a large appropriation is made
for that force. I will adhere to ray original
motion, made in good faith, to reduce this
appropriation to $50,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations have reduced the ap-
propriation more than seventy-five thousand
dollars from the estimates.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] wants to
know what is the object of this $100,000.
The Second Auditor gave the committee to
understand that there were ten thousand
soldiers stiil unpaid, and it is necessary to
have this $100,000, not to pay the soldiers,
but to pay those who pay the soldiers.
Mr, COX. The gentleman misapprehends
me ; this $100,000 is not for the pay of soldiers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. 1 understand
that.
Mr. COX. Well, go on then.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Whenever a
certificate is issued for the benefit of the colored
soldier it goes to the bureau, and they send
it to their agen.ts at some point in the State
where he resides, there being but two or three
points in each State for that purpose. There
are but three points designated in my State,
Memphis, Nashville, and Knoxville. The
agent, when he gets the certificate, has to go
from one to three hundred miles to hunt up the
colored soldier and pay him his money. Ac-
cording to the estimates, $100,000 is not half
enough for the purpose. Still the committee
for the present are satisfied with that amount.
The colored soldiers who live in the free States
have been paid as white soldiers; their checks
and certificates go directly to them. But in
regard to colored soldiers in the States lately
slave States, the checks and certificates go to
the bureau, and they are paid through the
agents of the bureau. This $100,000is to pay
the expenses of those agents while hunting up
the soldiers and paying them their money.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask a vote on my amend-
ment. It does not interfere at all with the
payment of bounty to the colored soldier, and
does not seek to deprive him of it. The propo-
sition in the bill is to keep up this Freedmen's
Bureau, which should no longer exist.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question will
be upon the amendment moved by the gentle-
man fromNew York, [Mr. Cox,] to strikeout
" $100,000" and to insert u $50,000."
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 72, noes 64.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio, and Mr. Young were appointed.
The committee again divided j and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 80, noes 81.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Young, which was read as
follows :
Strike from the paragraph, after the word "pro-
vided," the following:
That the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands shall be discontinued from and
after June 30,1872, and that all agents, clerks, and
other employ6s then on duty shall be discharged,
exceptsuch as may be retained by the Secretary of
War for the purposes of this proviso.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Thaton and after the passage of this act the Bureau
of Freedmen and Abandoned Lands is hereby for-
ever discontinued.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make a point
of order on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late. The
amendment was offered some fifteen minutes
ago, and has been quite fully discussed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I heard it just
now for the first time.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes 58, noes 70.
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Young, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 77.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the words
"one hundred" and insert "sixty," so as to
make the appropriation $60,000.
'Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say,
if the Democratic members of this House do
not want the Government to pay the debts due
to the colored soldiers of this country let
them go on the record.
Mr. COX. This appropriation is not to pay
the colored soldiers.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has nothing to do with
that matter. It is an appropriation to main-
tain a number of unnecessary officials.
Mr. MORGAN made some remarks which
were not audible at the reporter's desk, in
consequence of the loud and continued rap-
ping of the Chairman's gavel.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] is out of order. He has
not the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. Neither had my colleague
[Mr. Garfield] the floor by right. I simply
said 
The CHAIRMAN, (rapping loudly.) The
gentleman is out of order.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] who has charge of this appropri-
ation bill cannot complain of any interrup-
tions, however excited, because he struck
into my time to interject something political
in connection with this question. I say to
him that there is no political motive on our
part whatever, except the apprehension that
this money may possibly be used as similar
appropriations have heretofore been used. It
can be proved that the money of the people,
