1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
conduct said inquiries, to prescribe their duties, and
to establish regulations for the conducttuf persons
who may receive appointments ia the civil service."
In pursuance of this authority, thp Pres-
ident appointed to that, duly the following
eminent gentlemen: George William Curtis,
Alexander G. Cattell. Joseph Medill, Daw-
son A. Walker, E. B. Elliott, Joseph H. Black-
fan, and David G. Cox.
In his annual message to Congress on Decem-
ber 4, 1871, the President says:
"In my message to Congress one year ago I
urgently recommended a reform in the civil service
of the country. In conformity with that recommenda-
tion, Congress, in the ninth section of an act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, approved March
3,1371, gave the neecessary authority to the Execu-
tive to inaugurate a civil service reform, and placed
upon him the responsibility of doing so. Under the
authority of said act I convened a board of gentle-
men eminently qualified for the work to devise rules
and regulations to effect the needed reform. Their
labors are not yet complete, but it is believed that
they will succeed in devising a plan that can be
adopted, to the great relief of the Executive, the
heads of Departments, and members of Congress,
and which will redound to the true interest of the
public service. At all events the experiment shall
have a fair trial."
The board of gentlemen whom I have be-
fore named directed their attention to the sub-
ject and united in an elaborate report to the
President bearing date December 18, 1871.
In their report they described the condition of
t.he civil service, much as it had been before
described in the reports to which I have
reierred, imputed the mischief to substantially
the same causes, and proposed a remedy em-
bracing some features, and omitting others of
the remedy proposed in Mr. Jenckes's bill.
On the next day, December 19, 1871, the
President transmitted the report of the board
to Congress, saying, among other things:
"These rules have been adopted, and will go into
effect on the 1st day of January, 1872. Under the
law referred to, as I interpret it, the authority is
already invested in the Executive to enforce these
regulations, wbh full power to abridge, alter, or
amend them at his option, when changes may be
deemed advisable. These Yiews, together with the
report of the commissioners, are submitted for your
careful consideration, as to whether further legisla-
tion may be necessary m order to carry out an effec-
tive and beneficial civil service reform. It left to me,
without further congressional action, the rules pre-
scribed by the commission, under the reservation
already mentioned, will be faithfully executed. But
they are not, binding, without further legislation, on
my successors." * * * " I ask for all the
strength which Congress can give me to enable me
to cariy out the reforms in the civil service recom-
mended by the commissioners, and adopted, to take
effect, as beiore stated, on January 1,1872."
Nothing is therefore wanting to prove that
the subject of civil service reform is one of
deep significance to all branches of the Gov-
ernment. Nothing can be added to impress
upon Congress the expediency of giving it lull
and patient attention.
The report admits, as all must admit, the
impossibility of computing the difference be-
tween a good and a bad system of administra-
tion. The report says:
"But it is calculated by those who have made a
careful study of all the facts that one fourth of
the revenues of the United States are annually lost
in the collection, and for a large part of that loss a
system ot the service which is fatally unsouad may
reasonably be held responsible."
The report does not say that of all the rev-
enues collected one fourth is lost; nor that
all the loss is attributable to a bad system.
The statement is obviously a cautious one,
and more weighty because it is cautious. It
is no answer to the statement to allege that
the whole expense of collection does not
exceed five or six per cent. The report says
nothing to the contrary. What is lost is one
fourth of I lie revenues. They are lost in col-
lection ; that is to say, not collected. It obvi-
ously alludes to faults and frauds by reason
ot which the money required by Uw to be
paid never reaches the Treasury. They speak
• of the present system as unsound—•'fatally"
is the word, "fatally unsound;" and believe
it may reasonably be held responsible for a
large part of the loss. Where we collect
0,000,000, the law, ia their opinion, ought
to produce $400,000,000; and a large share
of that. $100,000,000 is lost through a bad sys-
tem of administration. This estimated loss
is entirely distinct from the estimates of the
joint committee and of the Cabinet officers
before referred to, which related to the pay
cost, the wages of service. The general result
is to be aggregated from both estimates. By
one estimate only two thirds the amount of
service is obtained which might be from the
force employed. By the other a large amount
of the lawful revenue is lost by inefficiency or
fraud. Assuredly the mischief is one of suf-
ficient gravity to press itself upon our atten-
tion.
The root of the mischief is supposed to lie
in a practice of disposing of the offices, nom-
inally for the benefit and support of the party
in power, but really for the benefit and sap-
port of the individuals who influence the
appointments. In the report from the joint
select committee, made January 31, 18G7, by
Mr. Jenckes, the committee say;
"The public service' has thus been used as an in-
strument of political or party patronage, and the
officers composing it have not been, except in rare
instances, selected for their qmlifieations; have
not been promoted for merit; have had no certain
or definite tenure of office, and are subject to be dis-
missed at any timo without notice and without
cause."
Had an individual in the heat of unpremed-
itated debate thrown out an expression of this
kind it might pass for an unmeasured and
extravagant denunciation. But it is not a
hasty or unconsidered statement. It is part
of the report of a joint committee which shows
one of the most wide-reaching, patient, and
well-considered examinations ever placed on
record by a committee of this House. It
asserts deliberately that, as a general rule,
officers in our civil service have not been
selected for their qualifications nor promoted
for their merit.
The instances where the only tests at any
time fit to be applied in the selection of officers
were in fact applied were not in accordance
with the general rule, bat exceptions to it, and
rare exceptions. This committee made an-
other report to this House on the 25th day of
May, 1868. Amongotherthings bearing on the
theme of present inquiry, it gave a historical
statement of the changes made in the method
of selecting persons for executive appoint-
ments. It traced the origin of the present
practice to the administration of General
Jackson, and said:
" From that time to the present, nearly forty years,
the partisan obligations of the candidate for office
have been held to be of more consequence than his
qualifications for the place for which he is a can-
didate."
I must again beg to remind the House that
this was not a piece of scandal retailed in a
corner by a disappointed office-seeker. It was
made by an honorable committee of this House
as a statement of historical-truth; made in the
presence of the House, in the hearing of the
Senate, under the observation of the President
and all his Cabinet. The committee proposed
a remedy, which will be further alluded to,
and said:
" The remedy proposed by this bill is not based
upon conjecture or inference, or concurrence of opin-
ion, but upon the direct and positive testimony of
the greater number of the chief officers in the civil
service."
They had circulated interrogatories and had
received answers from '' more than four hun-
dred and fifty of these superior officers."
The civil service board appointed by the
President last spring, having spent the summer
and fall in examinations, arrived at similar
conclusions, and imputed the mischief to the
same cause. In the report recently laid be-
fore us it is said as follows ;
"Certainly incapable officers have not been
sought, [meaning not sought in preference to capa-
ble officers,] and doubtless there are honest and pure
men enougn in all parties to fill tne offices. But
certainly, also, proved character and tested capacity
«Lre not esssnti&i to udmission to the civil service."
There is, according to this report, no actual
preference and search for incapable or bad
men ; but the only two things which oa^ht to
be essential are not essential. They do not
tell us, nor need they, what happens when
capacity and character are non-essentials.^ N o
one need to be told that audacity and intrigue
in such a state of affairs become essential ex-
actly in proportion as character and capacity
become non-essentials. I have before quoted
the language of the President, who says :
" The present system does not secure the best men,
and often not even lit men for the public service."
Often I it would be worse than idle to ac-
cumulate evidence, to the existence of a state
of affairs which nobody doubts ot' denies.
If those things are true another thing is
equally true, and that other thing is this: the
benefit of the party in power is no more the
controlling consideration than is the benefit
of the Government. There has been no party,
and is not likely to be one, from whom selec-
tions might not be made of persons of proved
character and tested capacity. Were appoint-
ments made for the benefit of the party in
power, they would be made from persons of
character and capacity. If these are not se-
lected as a rule, it is for some reason quite
aside from the welfare of the party. What is
that other reason? Hear again the report of
the civil service board :
"The great officers of Government are constrained
to become mere office-brokers. Meanivhife they may
have their own hopes, ambitions, and designs. They
may strive to make their patronage secure their
private aims. The spectacle is as familiar as it ia
painful and humiliating. We accuse no individual.
We appeal only to universal and deplorable expe-
rience."
This universal and deplorable experience ex-
plains why inferior or bad men are appointed,
it is not done for the benefit of the country ;
nor could it be done for the benefit of the
party. The offices are used by those who con-
trol the appointments, not sometimes, not ex-
ceptionally, but habitually, and as a matter
of "universal and deplorable experience," to
secure their private aims. In this connection
I refer to another statement in the report in
the following language:
"Thus it is not denied that the chief national
appointments in the several States are now really
made, not by the President and the Senate, but at
the pleasure of the Senators from the States in which
the office is to be filled. The President may have
personal knowledge of the unfitness of certain per-
sons whose appointment is sought, but if tho Sen-
ators from the State are m favor of those persons
the President must yield his knowledge to their
pleasure, or the offices must remain unfilled."
This statement accords with the common
impression as to the fact. I do not suppose
the commissioners would have made it care-
lessly. It was made to the President, who
knew whether or not the statement was correct,
and was by him transmitted to Congress with-
out dissent. The report has in some particu-
lars-been freely criticised at tile other end of
the Capitol, but if any denial of this statement
has been made, it has escaped my attention.
Indeed the statement, of the board is that it is
not denied. It is therefore to be accepted not
only as the statement of the hoard, but as the
testimony of the President and Senate. Allow
me to engage your attention to the condition
ot things thus disclosed, not before unKiiown
to you or doubted, but now disclosed to the
country in an authentic and official manner.
What, then, is it?
It is, first, that the chief national appoint-
ments in the several States are not now really
made by the President, as the Constitution
requires. It is a necessary corollary from this
that the President is not justly held respons-
ible for bad appointments, nor does he pos-
sess the administrative power confidi-d to him
by the Constitution which its fratners deemed
indispensable to the effective performance of
his duties.
It is, secondly, that these appointments are
not made by the Senate, but that the execu-
tive power toselectand the constitutional duty
of the Senate to advise have become matters
of form rather than of substance. To that
