144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
Ho. of Reps.
National and State Elections—Mr. Whiteley.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
race, and prefers the association of the white
man to his own race, he not only ignores this
law of nature, not only stultifies Ms own con-
science, but is a traitor to his own race also.
It is not prejudice, Mr. Speaker, but a princi-
ple plantedinourbreastsbycreation. Whether
upon the land or in the water, in air or ether;
whether among the smallest insects that crawl
beneath our feet or float in the air, this
same distinctiveness in association obtains.
Let no one suppose that a law indited upon
paper and bound in our statute-books can or
ever will change a law thus impressed upon
our very nature by creation.
Mr. Speaker, no voice from the colored peo-
ple of my own State demands the passage of
this bill. The colored people of my section
have never, so far as I have heard, expressed
even a desire for mixed schools; and I am
glad to know that they have too much honor
and regard for their own race and manhood to
demand admittance for their children into the
white schools when not agreeable.
Let the steam and sail vessels have their
separate rooms and tables for the colored peo-
ple, the railway companies separate cars, and
the hotel-keepers separate rooms and tables;
managers of theaters separate galleries, and
public schools separate houses, rooms, and
teachers, and the question of races will adjust
itself quicker than by using arbitrary means.
LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE.
But, sir, the odious features of the bill stop
not here. For over a century has the liberty
of soul religion been recognized in North
America. No man or party has ever dared
enter the holy sanctuary of our God with civil
edicts to regulate the worship of the white
people. No man or party has ever dared to
ask the passage of a law to punish any one for
refusing the admittance of white persons into
churches. The regulations of meeiing-houses
and church worship and church discipline has
ever been regarded as a sacred trust to the
members of the respective churches to use as
they pleased. Not so now. Times have
changed. Ethiopia is now stretching forth
her hand and demanding rights that white
men never dared demand. Ethiopia, with her
sable scepter, is demanding homage of her
devotees; Ethiopia, with her million of voters
at her back, is demanding that one of the most
sacred principles of American freemen be
trampled under foot. Why, Mr. Speaker, stop
at exclusion from the house of worship? If
it be wrong to exclude from the meeting-house
on account of color, why not wrong to refuse
admission into church fellowship iu account
of color? Why not wrong to excommunicate
on account of color? Why not wrong to refuse
pulpit privileges with his white brother-minis-
ter on account of color? And why not wrong
for a white congregation to refuse to employ
a black minister upon the ground of color?
I insist that no distinction be made in this
regard.
Let our Republican friends come up to the
■work manfully, for if they have the power
under the Constitution to do what they are
seeking to do by this bill, they have the power
to blot out all distinction on account of color.
Let me insist that my Republican friends stop
not here. Should any white man dare refuse
sepulture to a negro on account of color, make
him pay his SI,000 or send him to the peni-
tentiary, Should any white man or white
child refuse to speak to a negro on the public
highway, in the streets or elsewhere, because
of color, fine them and send them to the peni-
tentiary.
Amend your bill, gentlemen, and embrace
all these matters in it. Let us not have this
question settled in installments, or by piece-
meals. Amend the bill and pass it, so that this
great revolution so much desired may be ac-
complished at once. No one can doubt but
that the moment the bill is passed the white
people of the United States will love the negro
as they never before loved him, and respect
him as they never before respected him. And
then why not, Mr. Speaker, include all the
benevolent societies as weil as churches?
Why should the Masons and Odd Fellows close
the doors of their lodges against the negro
on account of color, and churches not. If
we have the power to regulate and control
churches, certainly no one will question our
power to control and regulate benevolent insti-
tutions also. Surely they will not be regarded
as more sacred than the churches. And then,
sir, let us have the bishops, ministers, elders,
deacons, sextons, and trustees of churches;
the tylers and Worshipful Masters of Masonic
lodges; and the outside and inside guards,
and Noble Grands of Odd-Fellow lodges, all
summoned before the United States courts to
be fined and imprisoned for discriminating
against color. A fine panorama this! But
the iniquity of the bill does not stop here.
If a negro mistreats a white man, the white
man must submit to have his case tried before
one of our little insignificant State tribunals.
But if a white man refuses admittance to a
negro into one of our churches, hotels, or pub-
lic schools, the negro has the exalted privilege
of dragging his white brother to the United
States courts.
ITS PROVISIONS MONSTROUS.
Mr. Speaker, the provisions of this bill are
simply monstrous; the principle it establishes
is alike subversive of the liberty of conscience
and republican government. And I again
repeat that I enter my solemn protest against it.
I am willing to concede the black man every
legal right I possess; but I am not willing to
grant him dominion over my conscience, or my
society. The white man asks not the legal right
to the black man's society, and I shall protest
against Congress giving to the black man a
legal right to the society or association of white
men. I am willing to exalt the negro where it
does not degrade me or my own race. But I
will never consent to degrade my owa race
that I may exalt him. .
CONFLICT OP RACES.
Following the great law of association to
which I have referred, I shall cling to my race
in preference to any and all others; and never
will I submit to have it humiliated and de-
graded that I may possess the friendship of the
negro or any other race, or that I may hold
office by his suffrage and at his sufferance.
" Equality before tbe law" is my motto ; but
not "'equality before conscience;" nor " forced
social equality." God may legislate in the sacred
domain of conscience, but let not poor, finite,
sinful man attempt to write upon my conscience
the social equality with me of any man, race,
kindred, or tongue on earth. Force it there
if you will by legal enactment, and that con-
science will still tell me that it is false.
Shall Ethiopia command her representatives
in the legislative halls of our country to bow
before her scepter and kneel at her shrine,
she must not be surprised if the white people
command their representatives to bow before
their scepter and kneel at their shrine.
Should we be forced in the political arena
and the legislative halls of our country to a
contest of races, I will ever be found standing
with unwavering devotion side by side with
the noble Caucasian. And in laboring in the
line of my duty I will be found marching with
no faltering tread; and in harmony with the
great law of natural association will my white
brother be first written upon the tablets of my
heart, and in my affections sit upon the upper-
most seat.
Sir, whether in the majority or minority, in
office or out of office, if that undesirable ques-
tion is forced upon us, either by the arrogance
of the negro race or the misguided philan-
thropy of their white friends, my voice will
ever be heard in behalf of the white people of
my country. Could the friends of this bill,
Mr. Speaker, see as plainly as I do the differ-
ence , between "civil rights" and "social
privileges;" and could they but see as plainly
as I see that it is not depriving the colored
children of any legal right by sending them to
separate schools; could they but see, as I see,
that it is not depriving any colored person of
any legal right to have separate accommoda-
tions on ships, boats, cars, hotels, theaters,
and public schools, I think they would amend
the bill so as to secure to them those rights
without forcing negro social equality upon the
white people. If the bill be not amended,
then I insist that its title be changed. Instead
of its reading, " An act to protect all citizens
of the United States in their civil rights,"
&c., let it read, "An act to force upon the
white people of the United States negro social
equality by fine and imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary." Then, sir, will the title be germane
to the bill, and then will the bill and title
harmonize.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, permit me in
behalf of our churches, cemeteries, public
carriers, hotel-keepers, managers of theaters,
and our public schools; and in behalf of the
white children attending them, to appeal to
the members of this House to vote down the
bill. And, as I have labored for the advance-
ment and education of the colored children
in my own State, and believing as I do that
the passage of this bill will be but sounding
the death-knell to our public-school system,
thereby depriving the colored children of an
education, I, too, in their behalf, appeal to the
House to vote it down.
National and State Elections.
SPEECH OF HON. R. H. WHITELEY,
01' GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 16, 1872,
On the denial or abridgment of the right to vote at
national and State elections.
Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Speaker, the war
had scarcely terminated when the eyes of the
nation were directed to the basis of represent;
ation in this House and in the Electoral Col-
lege. For months the public mind was exer-
cised as to what should be done to equalize the
political power of the several States, and by
that equalization to secure stability to our
free institutions and perpetuate the unity of
the nation.
TERMS OF RESTORATION.
The intelligence of the people and the
people's representatives proved equal to the
task, and in the second section of the four-
teenth amendment the terms of restoration
and union were declared to be in effect man-
hood or universal suffrage or loss of represent-
ation in this House and the Electoral College.
That the nation, in the acceptance of the
terms stated, acted in good faith and with an
honest determination to abide by and faith-
fully carry out this section of the fundamental
law, I cannot doubt, and that the peace and
prosperity of the country at large demand that
it be faithfully enforced no one conversant
with the importance of the ballot on the one
hand and of a just apportionment of represent-
ation on the other will deny.
Impressed with these views, and represent-
ing in part on this floor a State wherein the
restriction on the exercise of the right to vote
for the officers named in the second section
of the fourteenth amendment were in my
opinion such as to imperil her right to repre-
sentation in the Forty-Third Congress, as well
