2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
rill amendment made by the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Frelinghuysejt,] upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr POMliROY. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations that-
we have an evening session. We have not
accomplished much on the appropriation bill
to-day.
Mr. COLE. I am disposed, of course,
always to defer to the wishes of the Senate in
a maiter of that kind.
Mr. POMBLiOY. I am willing to go on
until five o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion is to lay oil the table the motion to re-
consider the vote on the Morrill amendment.
Mr. CO N KLING. I suggest to the Senator
from California that that vote ought not to be
taken now; and for the reason that our being
here at this moment to vote is an accident not
expected by anybody. It was thought the vote
would be taken earlier in the day; and now
the Senate is to a large extent empty. I sug-
gest, therefore, that we had better take a recess
and have an evening session or adjourn until
to-morrow.
The objection to taking a recess now is that
so many Senators are absent who will not
receive notice of the proceeding, and we shall
find ourselves with a small number of Senators
this evening, whereas if the motion had been
made while the Senate was full everybody
would have had notice of it. Therefore, I sug-
gest to the Senator that the best way on the
whole is to adjourn until to morrow. I was
in hopes that we could get an order to meet
at eleven o'clock to morrow, but a single
object ion has arrested that. Therefore, if we
adjourn we shall have to adjourn until twelve
o'clock to-morrow, but 1 think it is the best
thing we can do under the circumstances.
We shall have so tliin a Senate this evening
that nobody will rest content under the dis-
position made of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont..
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There certainly
will be fewer here after a recess than now.
Mr. CONKLING. I am afraid that is so,
and very clearly those who have gone already
will receive no notice in season to come; and
we can hardly expect all those who are pres-
ent- now. Therefore, to test the sense of the
Senate, I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I interposed an objec-
tion against meeting at eleven o'clock because
there is some committee business to do. The
Committee on the Judiciary meets on Wed-
nesday. If we could meet at twelve o'clock
on Wednesday, 1 have no objection to meet-
ing to-morrow, when we have no committee
meeting at eleven o'clock. I should like to
have VVednesday on account of a meeting of
the Committee oil the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 withdraw my motion,
and suggest that all the committees of this
body, tave only the Committee on Appropria-
tions and the Committee on Finance, have
discharged in a great degree all their duties in
reference to new measures. Now, the Com-
miitee on the Judiciary and other committees
of the Senate which shall have matters before
them hereafter will no doubt be obliged to
hold sessions in the evening, possibly to hold
one in order to hasten business occasionally
while debate goes on in the Senate, or to meet
a little eailier. I think that consideration is
entirely subordinate to the other considera-
tion of advancing the business of the Senate.
Therefore I shall insist for one that we meet
at eleven o'clock if such be the pleasure of
the Senate whenever the Senator from Penn-
sylvania can get a hearing for his motion;
and now if the Senator from Illinois does not
object to the consideration of the resolution.
As to our meeting to-morrow at eleven o'clock,
of course that is another matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it if it is
adopted as a rule for every day; but I would
not object to it for to-morrow simply. I am
willing, as far as I am concerned, that the
Senate shall adjourn until eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent we agree to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FREHNGHUYSEN. There will be
no notice given to those who have gone away.
Mr. SHERMAN. They will see it in the
morning papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Pennsylvania has gone on
the Calendar, but the Senator from Illinois
yields to the suggestion that to-morrow, by
unanimous consent, the Senate meet at eleven
o'clock. Is there objection to that proposition?
Mr. STEVENSON. Is that for a single day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is for a single
day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
that if we meet at eleven o'clock.to-morrow
the question of laying the motion to reconsider
on the table be taken at one o'clock.
Mr. STEVENSON. I shall object, and for
this reason: the Committee on Appropria-
tions have not got through their regular ap-
propriation bills. It is impossible with the
regular appropriation bills, like the Army and
other large bills which have not yet been ma-
tured, for the Senate to meet at eleven o'clock
and give the committee time to do them justice.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the motion now is to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider the Morrill amend-
ment. If the Senate meet at twelve o'clock
to-morrow they must vote atone o'clock ac-
cording to the suggestion now made. The
debate is progressing by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Wecatinotgetunanimous
consent, it seems, to meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock. If we could there is some doubt
whether all Senators would get notice of the
changed hour. We can to-morrow, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania having given notice
to-day, take up his resolution, and if it be the
pleasure of the majority to make eleven and
not twelve o'clock the hour, it will be within
the power of that majority to do so. There-
fore, as the best mode of solving the present
question, I renew my motion that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, there being on
a div'sion—ayes 28, noes 17; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-three minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
internal commerce.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, April 29, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order. The morning hour
now begins at thirteen minutes past eleven
o'clock. On Monday last the morning hour
expired with the call resting with the Slate of
Tennessee. It is the duty of the Chair to com-
mence the call this morning with that State.
claims for rent.
Mr. GOLLADAY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2573) to provide for the payment of claims
for reut arising in States declared in insurrec-
tion ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2574) to facilitate internal com-
merce; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
public lands.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No._ 142) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States in relation to public lands ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
land grant for educational purposes.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 143) granting lands to
the State of Tennessee for purposes of public
education ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
ella davxes.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2575) for the relief of Ella Davies,
administratrix de bonis non of William H.
Calhoun, deceased, of Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
w. j. waldron.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced abill(H.
R. No. 2576) for the relief of W. J. Waldron,
of Tennessee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
elizabeth j. ewing.
Mr. HAY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2577)
granting a pension to Elizabeth J. Ewtng, of
Sparta, Illinois; which w.is read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill, and it was read.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I suppose that the first thing in order
during the morning hour to-day is the reading
of the bill which was commenced last Monday.
The SPEAKER. During last week the fur-
ther reading of that bill was dispensed with,
and by unanimous consent it was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ELDREDGE. That may have been
done; but I certainly did not consent.
'IheSPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] as
being included in the unanimous consent.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2578) to relieve James H. R.
Cunditf, Reuben Kay. and James Carbry, ot
St. Joseph, Missouri, from the political dis-
abilities imposed upon them by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
j. w. bowling and j. s. golladay.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2579) for the relief of J. W. Bowling and J.
S. Golladay, citizens of Kentucky ; which was
read a first and second time, reierred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
caleb kerr.
Mr. COMINGO introduced a bill (H. R-
No. 2580) for the relief of Caleb Kerr, of
Jackson county, Missouii; which was read a
first and second time, and, with the accompany-
ing_ papers, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed. *
a. e. cowles.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2581) for the relief of A. E. Cowles;
