1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3781
expended through the Freedmen's Bureau, and
other bureaus, has been used to carry elec-
tions ; and Vnen now sit on the other side of
the House by the agency of the money of the
people whom we represent.
We do not propose to deprive the colored sol-
dier of his dues. That was a beautiful intima-
tion for the gentleman to make; for he kuows
that not one. dollar of this appropriation of
$100,000 is to go to the soldier. It goes to
the harpy who preys upon the soldier. It goes
to the men who, as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Butler] said awhile ago, do the
work ot hunting up the colored soldiers—not
always for the best purposes. The intimation
thrown out by the gentleman from Ohio im-
pugning the character and probity of this side
of the House upon a measure of this kind
was unwarranted and uncalled for, and un-
worthy of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. In the first place I
did not take the floor in the gentleman's time,
for he did not show any disposition to speak.
I now rise in my own time, if there is any ques-
tion on that subject. I call the House to wit-
ness that the Committee on Appropriations
have brought no political topic in here.
Mr. COX. We have not either.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have never,
as the chairman of that committee, alluded to
politics until this occasion.
I call the attention of the House to another
fact. So much having been said, whether
justly or unjustly, against the Freedmen's
Bureau, the Committee on Appropriations has
been desirous to close up the affairs of that
bureau absolutely and finally, and against some
opposition, against many objections and mis-
givings of men on this side of the House,
and without regard to party politics or party
feelings, the Committee on Appropriations
have thought it wise and best that whatever
remains of the Freedmen's Bureau with all its
obligations, or to the payments to the colored
soldier, should be transferred to the War De-
partment, where its administration will be
under the sanction of military trials for any-
body who may not do right and justice in pay-
ing the dues of colored soldiers, and settling up
the remaining obligations of the bureau. I say
in that the Committee on Appropriations have
acted for the whole country, and without any
regard whatever to political influence or ap-
peals. We come in here having cut down the
estimates sent to us by the Department nearly
one hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. MORGAN. It could and ought to have
been cut down $9,000,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio is out of order.
Mr. SARGENT. We have the advantage
of never hearing what he says, his voice is
so peculiar, or for some other cause.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have cut
down the estimates $100,000 for this purpose.
We have guarded this by all the means in our
power. We do not believe it wise to say from
the passage of this bill, without regard to the
fiscal.year, there should be an absolute stop-
page, as the amendment moved on the other
side of the House provides, so that all the
payment should cease the moment the Presi-
dent approved of this bill. We provided it
should be at the end of the fiscal year, about
five or six; weeks hence. Now, with all this
done on our part, gentlemen on the other side
have moved to abolish it the moment the bill
passes, and thus cut off absolutely the pay-
ments being made to the soldiers and sailors
or to any of those colored troops.
Mr. COX. That is not true.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio has expired, and no further
debate is in order.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the last
word.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to increase the
appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order. •
Mr. HALE. I ask the Clerk to read the
paragraph as it will stand if the amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
be agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands:
For collection and payment of bounty, prize-
money, and other legitimate claims of colored sol-
diers and sailors, namely: For salaries of agents and
clerks; rents of offices; fuel and lights; stationery
and printing; office furniture and repairs, mileage
anil transportation of officers and agents; telegraph-
ing and postage, $60,000.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend that amend-
ment, and on that I propose a few words.
The CHAIRMAN. How does the gentle-
man propose to amend it?
Mr. HALE. I move to increase the appro-
priation to $99,000.
Mr. Chairman, the committe should under-
stand, if it does not, the position of the subject-
matter of this appropriation reported by the
Committee on Appropriations. The $100,000
reported by the committee is for the collection
and payment of bounty and prize-money, and
all other legitimate claims on the part of col-
ored soldiers and sailors. It is what is due
them. The proposition is simply to carry out
in good faith the payment to the colored sol-
diers and sailors of what, is due them. With-
out this money to put it into operation it can-
not be done, and these men will remain with-
out the money that is due them. Now we
coine here, and the committee, as the chair-
man has stated, cut down this bureau and
provided for it ceasing as soon as practicable,
but it has here provided there shall be ma-
chinery continued in force to pay the colored
soldier and sailor what is due. Gentlemen on
the other side of the House rise up in a body
to oppose it, and have brought amendment
after amendment here to make the whole in-
operative, and to leave the colored soldier or
sailor without the money which is his due. If I
could have had my way I would have the other
side to carry their amendment, and then I
would go to the House and put them on rec-
ord by the yeas and nays that they are opposed
to it after this side of the House is willing the
Freedmen's Bureau shall be brought to a head
in proper time and ended by the War Depart-
ment. I would be glad to have them put
upon the record whether they are in favor of
striking out this appropriation or not.
The committee believe, on fair investiga-
tion, that $100,000 is not too much for the ma-
chinery of paying what is due. It has noth-
ing to do with the future. It is simply a plain
question of paying what is owing to these peo-
ple. And 1 say again that- it gentlemen on
the other side succeed in striking that out, we
will have a vote on it in the House by yeas
and nays.
Mr. YOUNG. I desire to say, and I believe
that in saying so I am speaking for this [the
Democratic] side of the House, we are willing
to pay these soldiers their bounty. But it is
just this particular machinery that we do not
want to pay for.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. McNBELY. I move to amend the
amendment, by making the appropriation
$55,000.
I will always, Mr. Chairman, vote for carry-
ing out all the laws and paying all the obliga-
tions of this Government, no matter what they
may be. I think that all bounties and every
thing of that sort should be honestly and
promptly paid, no matter whether the recipi-
ents be colored or white.
But, Mr. Chairman, this bill proposes to
make appropriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873 ; and this paragraph contains
a proviso that this bureau shall end on the
30th June, 1872. This appropriation bill is
for the carrying on of the Government and
paying the expenses for the purposes hero
specified, between the 30th June, 1872, and
the 30bh June, 1873. If, then, yon propose
to abolish this bureau, if yon propose to stop
its machinery on the 80th of June, 1872, why
do you propose an appropriation of $100,000
to carry on that machinery for the year end-
ing June 30, 1873 ? This is not a deficiency
bill. It is not to pay what is already due. It
is to meet expenses which will be incurred
between the 30th June, 1872, and the 30th
June, 1873. You thus propose to oontinue
this appropriation a year after the machinery
is stopped.
I offered a bill in the last Congress pro-
posing just what this proviso does, that this
entire matter should be turned over to the
War Department; that colored soldiers should
be paid precisely as white soldiers are paid.
That is what ought to be done, and all this
machinery ought to be stopped.
I do not propose to answer the remarks of
a political nature made by gentlemen on the
other side. 1 know that their object is to retain
as much of the colored vote as possible in the
coming campaign. I do not know that I have
done anything to entitle me peculiarly to that
vote, and I have therefore nothing to say on
that subject. But I wish to say this, that if
this machinery is to stop on the 30th of next
month, I would like to know why we should
appropriate $100,000 for that purpose? That
is enough to carry on the machinery for a
year. I would be willing to appropriate
$50,000, but I cannot see the necessity of
appropriating $100,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McNeely] has made a
point which deserves a very specific answer,
which I will give if the committee will hear
me for a moment.
The gentleman asks, why retain this ma-
chinery I Why not turn it all over to the War
Department without conditions and without
appropriation? I answer the gentleman, and
in proof of what I say I refer him to the
papers sent to the Clerk's desk and made part
of my remarks, the letter of the Secretary of
War and the letter of the Auditor of the
Treasury, who is charged with the settlement
of these accounts ; that these accounts are
peculiar; that it is very difficult to identify the
colored soldiers in consequence of the simi-
larity of names, and the mode of disbursing
this money, which is very different, and must
necessarily in the nature of things be different
from the mode of disbursing money to white
soldiers.
Mr. MclfEELY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at this
moment.
Now, therefore, by this bill we turn over to
the War Department on the 80th day of June
next the machinery necessary for settling up
all the remaining accounts; and therefore
we make the appropriation necessary to carry
on the machinery. But it is all to bo dono
under the orders and supervision of the Secre-
tary of War and paid through the regular offi-
cers of the Government. That is my answer.
I yield now to the gentleman from Illinois for
a question.
Mr. McNEELY. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that he proposes to retain all
the machinery now existing under the form
of the Freedmen's Bureau, but simply to turn
it over to the War Department? In other
words, instead of carrying on the business
under the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau to carry it on under the Secretary of
War?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The office of
the Commissioner of the bureau is abolished,
and the bureau is abolished, but the method
of the payment of the colored soldiers in the
southern States and the clerks 
Mr. McNEELY. And all the machinery?
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. Listen to me.
