1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
than I can and with a greater weight in the
country than I can possibly claim. I think,
sir, that no bill which has been adequately
discussed in the two Houses should ever goto
a conference committee, except bills of soch
details as the bills I have spoken of, which can-
not well be dealt with otherwise.
Ifor that reason I hope we shall end this
controversy now, so far as this body is con-
cerned, by adopting the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not want
to speak about the bill; but a single remark
fell from the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] which attracted my attention and leads
me with more than ordinary solicitude to say
a word about this. I have come thoroughly
to the conclusion myself that the Senate ought
to act with the utmost caution in regard to fur-
ther land grants for any purpose. 1 am not
going to apply anything that I say now in re-
gard to -this bill. The Senator from Wisconsin
in language that I heard distinctly and which
arrested my attention, said that this action of
the House of Representatives would be a pos-
itive injustice to the State of Wisconsin. He
did not say in what particular it would be so.
I think I would be among the last of the Sen-
ators on the floor to be willing to do an injus-
tice to the State of Wisconsin, or in fact to
any State. Nor'do I suppose there is any-
thing in this bill which I shall find at all in-
consistent with the line of action I have laid
down for myself, and that is to exercise the
utmost precaution from this time forward in
regard to granting the public domain for any
purposes whatever.
I was not present when the bill passed the
Senate originally ; but my inference from what
I know of the subject is that at some former
time we gave a grant to the State of Wiscon-
sin, that the legislation now before us involves
that grant, and in some sense it is said to in-
volve an injustice to the State of Wisconsin.
The two Houses have divided on this question.
I suppose we must concur or we must send it
to a committee of conference. I am perfectly
willing, considering the position of the propo-
sition, that it should go to a conference com-
mittee, and I have made up my mind to vote
that way. I desired, however, to say this much
that I might not be committed upon any ques-
tion in regard to a vote for land grants here-
Mr. ROBERTSON. In reference to what
has been said about the settlers who have
given $2 50 per acre for their lands, I caunot
see for my life how they can be dissatisfied
when the surrounding lands are worth from
ten to twenty-five dollars an acre for the tim-
ber alone that is on them. That in my opinion
is only a hobby-horse to ride the bill through.
I think there should be some limit to these
land grants to railroad companies, particu-
larly m the States. This land grant was given
fifteen years ago, and it has been renewed,
and still the road is not built. I should like
to see Congress take some definite action on
this subje.ct. Let the country know that when
a land grant is given, it shall not be renewed
ad infinitum.
I hope the Senate will concur in the House
amendment, and devote these lands to home-
stead settlers, give them to the people, and
not to railroad companies. I am in favor of
railroads. I have been a strong advocate of
railroads all my life; I am in favor of giving
alternate sections of land to aid railroads in
some cases in order to open up a country where
a railroad could not be 'we'll built unless by
laud grants such as we have heretofore given ;
but I think there should be some stopping
place, and I think this is a good place to stop,
this land grant having been removed once.
These land grants once given, they can be
extended to an indefinite time by getting some
hobby-horse like the one now urged here to
ride the bill through.
I learn that there are but very few settlers on
this land. Those settlers are fortunate men,
having bought their land at $2 50 an acre, and
it being now worth four to five times more than
they gave for it. The remaining lands will be
taken up within the next twelve months by
homestead settlers, if we adopt the House
amendment, by good citizens who will settle
there for the purpose of remaining and own-
ing the soil. Let this railroad company have
the land, and they will sell it at prices varying
from ten to twenty-five dollars an acre. Sir,
they have slept upon their rights, and I wish
that there should be some end to this. I hope
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives will be concurred in, opening up this land
to SBttlcrs
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Kelly, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt, Robert-
son, Schurz, Sherman, Stevenson, and Trumbull—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Cockling, Corbett,
Fenton, Fr6tinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hitoheock, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer,
Spencer, Snrague, West, Wilson, and Wright—SO.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maiyland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hill, Johnston. Lewis, Logan, Nye, Sauls-
bury, Scott, Stewart. Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Tipton, Vickcrs, and Windom—27.
So the Senate refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent of the Senate, the Senator from Cali-
fornia has authority now to offer his amend-'
ment to the House amendment prior to the
motion for a committee of conference. The
morning hour, however, has expired, and the
tariff bill is before the Senate. By arrange-
ment the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia is received, as he withdrew it upon that
express understanding.
Mr. CARPENTER. I appeal to those hav-
ing the tariff bill in charge to let us take the
vote on this matter. I think we can vote with-
out further debate. The vote just taken, of
course, is a test vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, be-
cause, since the vote just taken, I take it, as a
matter of course, a committee of conference
will follow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California, however, reserved the right
to move his amendment, and it was conceded
by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it proposed to amend
the bill and then refer it to a committee of
conference?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion for a conference committee, the Sen-
ator from California stated that he reserved
the right to offer this amendment to the House
amendment, and it was conceded by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CARPENTER. I appeal to my friend
from California if he is not willing to let the
whole matter go to a committee of conference
and let them consider the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would much rather
get the sanction of the Senate for the amend-
ment if I can, and for that purpose, of course,
it will be necessary to take a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, under parliament-
ary law, it would send the bill back to the
House without a conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's amend-
ment, if adopted—and it is a proposition for
which I would vote—would only send the bill
back to the House and cause it to be
backward and forward between the two Houses,
and would not all expedite the business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that if the
amendment of the House of Representatives
should be agreed to with his amendment, it
would not then go to a conference unless the
other House should ask for a conference. It
would then go back for concurrence by the
House of Representatives in this amendment
to their amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let the amendment
go to the committee of conference.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have not the least idea
that the result of a conference committee will
be according to the action of the House of
Representatives, and as I "believe that action
to be correct with the modification that I pro-
pose by this amendment, I should not consider
it an incurable calamity if the result of adopt-
ing it was to send the bill back to the House
of Representatives.
I desire to say now that I do not think a bill
of this importance should be " put through,"
to use a common phrase, in the morning hour.
I think the morning hour is a proper hour
enough ia which to pass upon bills to which
there is'no substantial objection. This is not
a bill of that character, as is proved by the
action of the other body in sending here an
entirely different bill in the shape of an amend-
ment. 1 do not think any Senator should take
it ill that where such a question is before the
Senate, Senators, though they may be in the
minority, should insist upon discussing them,
even although the effect of it may be to carry
the bill over the* morning hour.
I repeat, if Senators will bring up such
measures in the morning hour they must take
their chances as to time. I never have fought
against a bill merely to carry it over the morn-
ing hour, and I never shall, I hope, unless it
be a bill of such immeasurable political evil
as to justify any fair parliamentary expedient.
But this bill, I think, is a bill that ought to be
discussed, and I regret that my friend from
Wisconsin seemed to think that it was a
bill which ought to be passed upon without
further discussion.
There seems to be a prevailing opinion
that if the Wisconsin road does not get these
lands the Northern Pacific road will get them.
I do not so understand the charter of the
Northern Pacific road. I agree substantially
with the grounds presented here the other
day and argued at some length by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Edmjxds.] As I understand it, the distinct
provision in the House bill that in no event
shall the lands in question fall to the North-
ern Pacific railway, disposes of that subject.
That provision is no breach of the agree-
ment, nor of the good faith of Congress in the
charter of the Northern Pacific. Congress
never undertook to make good any deficiency
to the Northern Pacific railway in the charter
granted, except in a particular case, and this
case is not that one. Hence, sir, there is
nothing in the objection that if the Wisconsin
road does not get these lands the Northern
Pacific will.
1 have not been very ready to refuse exten-
sions to roads, especially in those parts of the
country that when the road was projected were
almost a wilderness; but this is the most
extreme case that has ever been presented.
The bill, as it passed the Senate, shows upon
the face of it that the road received its grant
in 1856. That is sixteen years ago. The Senate
bill proposed to extend that long period of
time by five years more, which would have
brought it to 1877.
Mr. SHEUMAN. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will give way, I will call up the regular
order, the tariff bill. The Senator desires, I
suppose, to debate the matter further.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 certainly shoulddesiie
