1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2885
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
claims fok military supplies, etc.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2582) making an appropri-
ation for the payment, of claims reported
and allowed by the commissioners of claims
under the act of Congress of March 3, 1871;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
lands in michigan.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, introduced a
hill (H. It. No. 2583) for the restoration of
certain lands to market in the State of Michi-
gan; which was read a'first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
aud ordered to be printed.
w. j. hunt.
Mr. HERNDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2584) for the relief of W. J. Hunt, post-
master at the city of Tyler, State of Texas;
■which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
colorado central railroad.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2585) granting the right of way over the pub-
lic domain and confirming corporate powers
to the Colorado Central Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
free importation of lumber.
Mr. WALDEN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Iowa, request-
ing_ that lumber be added to the free list;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
statue of hon. e. d. baker, deceased.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2586) providing for a life-size marbie
statue of the late Senator E. D. Baker from
the marble model in possession of the family
of the deceased Senator; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
william ii. better.
Mr. DUNNELL introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 2587) for the relief of William H. Bet-
ter ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
zane's island, oiiio river.
Mr. DAVIS presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of West Virginia,
praying for the passage of an act authorizing
the construction of a causeway across the west
branch of the Ohio river from a point at or
near the head of Zane's Island to the west
bank of said liver, for the purpose of improv-
ing the navigation of said river ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
american fork railway company.
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2538) granting to the American Fork
Railway Company the right of way through
the public lands for the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph; which was read afirst aud
second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that that bill be
read.
The bill was read.
Mr. KENDALL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DONNELL. 1 object. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
indian tribes northern supeuintendency.
Mr. TAFFE, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2589) for the relief of certain tribes of Indians
in the northern superintendency ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
state fencibles, philadelphia.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2590) donating condemned ordnance to
the State Fencibles of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
preemption settlers.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, introduced abill (H.
R. No. 2591) for the relief of preemption set-
tlers in the Territories of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
dakota grand trunk railway company.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2592) granting the right of way to
the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway Company;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
western boundary of dakota.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced abill
(H. R. No. 2593) to readjust the western
boundary of Dakota Territory ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.-
j. w. d0nellan.
Mr. JONES introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 144) relative to the pension of
John W. Donellan, late lieutenant colonel
twenty-seventh regiment United States colored
troops; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
sally tripe and others.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 145) for the relief of Sally
Tripe and others; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
john h. russell.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2594) referring the claim of John H. Russell
to the Court of Claims; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to he printed.
duties on imports.
Mr. WOOD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2595) to regulate and facilitate the payment
of duties on imported merchandise; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
albany a port of entry.
Mr. WOOD also submitted a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of New
York, asking that Albany be made a port of
entry; which was read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
united states notes.
Mr. MERRIAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2596) to authorize the substitution of
United States notes for three per cent, loan
certificates ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
domestic tltaoli-jiakks.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2597) to protect domestic trade-marks; which I
was read a first and second time, referr *d to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
amendment of rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, submitted the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, relerred to the Committee on the Rules
and ordered to be printed :
Resolved, That the Committee on tlie Rules be
directed co inquire into the ex itedieney of so amend-
ing the rules ttiat in all committees of thcIJou*-eaU
business shall be done in committee; that a yuorum
of a committee shall agree to roporta bili bclorc any
report can be made; that no bill or resolution shall
be put on its passage by general consent unless one
days notice is first given in the Gtobe, except on
the last three days of the session.
lights and buoys in western rivers
Mr. McCLELLAND presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
memorializing Congress in reference to the
establishment of lights and buoys in western
rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
american printing iiocse for the blind.
Mr. McCLELLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
requesting the Senators and Representatives
from the State of Pennsylvania to vote in favor
of granting aid to the American Printing House
for the Blind; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, and oidered
to be printed.
homesteads on the public lands.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2598) toamend an act entitled '"An act
to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan child tea, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands,"
approved April 4, 1872; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the reporting
of that bill.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move, in amend-
ment, that the bill be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, which already has this
subject under consideration.
The question being taken on Mr. Stough-
ton's amendment, there were—ayes 28, noes
52 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Stoughtox and Mr. B. F.
Meyers were appointed.
Mr. STOUGli TON. I would like to say a
single word in reference to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot even ask
unanimous consent lor that purpose in the
morning hour of Monday.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. I withdraw the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands, aud am willing it should go to the Com-
mittee on Jlilitaiy Affairs.
Mr. DONNELL. I renew the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The question recurred on Mr. Stouchton's
amendment to refer to the Committee on Mil-
itary Afi'airs, on which tellers had been ordered.
The tellers having taken their places, the
House divided ; and the tellers reported—ayes
71, noes 54.
Air. DUNNELL called for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes ten; not a sufficient number.
Mr. SARGENT. Iask for tellers on the yeas
and nays. I think the question is not under-
stood.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes four-
teen ; not a sufficient number.
So tellers were refused, the yeas and nays
were refused, and, the amendment having been
agreed to, the bill was referred to the Com
