146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
Ho. op Reps.
National and State Elections—Mr. Whiteley.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
lector ; and yet by reason of an ignorance for
■which they are not responsible, they are sub-
ject to be double taxed in the one case, and
disfranchised in the other.
The law and the. facts which I have pre-
sented to the House will, 1 doubt not, justify my
resolution calling upon the Judiciary Commit-
tee 4' to inquire into the constitutional provis-
ions of the several States regulating suffrage
therein, and to recommend such legislation as
■will secure the enforcement of the second sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment."
EFFECT OF THE LAW AND THE FACTS IN CONNECTION
WITH THE STATES SOUTH.
The effects of such legislation, constitu-
tional and statutory, as I have referred to, can
be but imperfectly understood if viewed inde-
pendent of our local peculiarities and past
history.
We are essentially an agricultural people,
and the great body of the labor ot the State
are engaged in the cultivation of the soil.
Our labor, slaves but a few years since, are
still bearing the marks and burdens of the try-
ing ordeal through which they have passed.
Dependent from early childhood, and subject
to the absolute will of a different race, to whom
they have been taught to defer, and whose will
they have ever been bound to respect and obey,
it is not to be expected that a few years of
freedom in the midst of such associations can
more than originate the work of personal
independence.
Slavery, though dead in law, yet lives in the
spirit of a dominant race, and in that the en-
franchised man of color sees, and seeing feels
the weakness of himself and race, and at every
step in life, whether in the discharge of his
duties as a laborer or in the exercise of his
rights as an American citizen, he can but real-
ize the absolute need of the strong arm of an
executed law to repress the assumptions of a
dominant race on the one hand, and to encour-
age and sustain the weakness of a dependent
race on the other.
But I would not have you suppose that I
consider this evil as one affecting the colored
race alone. The labor of the State, whether
white or colored, is alike interested in the
redress of the wrongs that must inevitably
follow the operation of such restrictions on
the ballot as will result from the enforcement
of the laws as of force in Georgia.
For every three colored voters who are
defaulters, and who are unable to pay the tax
required of them by law, one of the opposite
race may be found in the same category. This
fact would seem at first blush to modify the
evils that must inevitably follow the disfran-
chisement of such a large number of colored
voters ; but in practice it will aggravate instead
of modify, for the sympathy and associations
that unite race to race, added to the fact that
the great effort of the leaders of the Demo-
cratic party South, since the war and the forma-
tion of parties there, has been to unite the
whites against the colored voters, relying on
the influence and intelligence of the former to
control the latter, will secure in a great, degree
immunity or a non-enforcement of the tax
requirement as to the whites, and its rigid
enforcement as to the colored voters.
This will be both seen and felt by them, and
cannot but result in intensifying the doubts
that an unwise policy has so strongly tended
to create in their minds as to the intention and
desire of their late owners to rise superior to
the prejudices of the hoirr, and to return to
the spirit that once so nobly controlled them,
and illustrated in their resenting as personal
whatever affected the personal liberty and
security of the slave.
TIIE SPIRIT THAT SHOULD PREVAIL.
This spirit, which so long and so generally
petvaded the late slave States, and in which
the slave found much to assure and make him
content with his then condition, if extended
to him in his relation of fellow-citizen and
freeman, would produce a marvelous effect
on the interests of agriculture and the other
industries of the South, to say nothing as to
what such a spirit would suggest and secure in
the protection arid encouragement of the exer-
cise of the ballot, as the promptings of a heart,
true to the memories of what he once was and
now is, would dictate.
That such a course would revive the memo-
ries of past kindness and secure confidence in
the future all must admit, and that such a
victory is far to be preferred to mere political
power attained by means that cry out to Heaven
for vengeance, and that must aggravate and
intensify the discontent of the entire labor of
our section, no public man would hesitate to
affirm.
Believing that the follies of the past should
cease, and our people be once more actuated
by a love of the Union, not as it was alone,
but as it is and as it must forever remain, a
Union in fact, not alone in name; a Union
still further cemented by the blood of the im-
mediate past and restored on the living basis
of freedom and justice for all men, I will pro-
ceed to consider the second section of the four-
teenth amendment as furnishing the remedy
for the evils complained of.
THE SECOND SECTION OP FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
That the war and its results necessitated the
constitutional changes since adopted cannot
be denied, and that the evil to be remedied was
in the main inequality of representation, or
an unequal apportionment of political power
between the two sections of our country, known
in the past as the free and slave States, all
admit.
Serious as was the evil, the history of the
amendments show that Congress was slow to
realize the absolute necessity for strong safe-
guards; for we find that the House of Kepre-
sentatives. ever alive to the popular will, failed
most signally to meet the requirements of
the situation in the first amendment passed
by the House on the 31st of January, 1806, and
defeated in the Senate on the 9th of March,
18C0, and which was in the following words:
" ABTICLE —.
" Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing tho whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not ' taxed: Provided, That
whenever tho elective franchise shall bo denied or
abridged in any State on account of race or color,
all persons therein of such race or clor shall' be
excluded from the basis of representation."
This proposed amendment not only allowed
the States to deny or abridge the elective fran-
chise on account of race or color by the loss
of representation, as provided, but it actually
failed to provide for the real evil that com-
manded the attention of the nation, which was
the inequality of representation as between
the free and once slave States; for by the pro-
visions of the amendment the States were left
free to adopt either a property or educational
qualification, or both, without loss of repre-
sentation, and the adoption of either rule in
tho once slave States would have resulted in
their retaining the increased power resulting
from the emancipation of the colored race,
and in admitting but very few of that race to
the exercise of the elective franchise.
The secotidamendment. passed by the House
on the 30t,h of April, 186(i, avoided the objec-
tions to which the first was subject, by adopt-
ing a common standard for the exercise of
suffrage applicable alike to the free and late
slave States, being majority as to age, inhab-
itancy of the State, and citizenship of the Uni-
ted States. These qualifications were required
for the exercise of suffrage in all national or
State elections, with the right to the State to
adopt other qualifications, but the loss of repre-
sentation provided for in the section was to be
the penalty for either a denial or abridgment of
the right of any one or more of such persons
as possessed the qualifications above stated to
vote at the elections named.
The important question is to determine what
is a denial or abridgment of the right to vote ;
and that the true intent of the two Houses
may be known and understood, I propose to
quote from the debates to show what was
meant and intended by the second section.
DEBATE IX TIIE nOUSE.
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, in introducing
the debate on the amendment on the 8th day
of May, 1866, said of the second section :
"The second section I consider the most important
in the article. It fixes the basis of representation
in Congress. If any State shall exclude any of her
adult male citizens from the elective franchise, or
abridge that right, she shall forfeit her right to rep-
resentation in the same proportion. The effect of
this provision will be either to compel the States to
grant universal suffrage, orso to shear them of their
power as to keep them forever in a hopeless minority
m the national Government both legislative and
executive."
On the 9th of May Mr. Broomali, pending
the same debate, said of this section :
"Tho second proposition is, in short, to limit the
representation of the States as those States them-
selves shall limit suffrage."
Mr. Raymond said in the same debate:
14 It is now proposed to base representation upon
suffrage, upon the number of voters, instead of the
aggregate population of every State in the Union.
And as I believe that to be essentially just, and
likely to remedy the unequal representation of
which complaint is so justly mad©, I shall giveifc
my vote."
Mr. Spalding in tho same debate said, in
speaking of rhe second section :
u The apportionment of Representatives in Con-
gress shall be based upon the whole number of per-
sons who exercise the elective franchise, instead of
the population."
Mr. Miller, in discussing the same section,
said:
" Now, conceding to each State the right to regu-
late the right of suffrage, they ought not to have a
representation for male citizens not less than twenty-
one years of age, whether white or black, who are
deprived of the right of sulirage."
And Mr. Eliot, in the same debate, said:
" That the measure of political power 0/ any State
shall be determined by that portion of its citizens
which can speak and act at the polls, and shall not
be enlarged because of the residence within tho
State of portions of its citizens denied the right of
franchise."
Mr. Randall, in discussing the same sec-
tion, said:
"The second section, to my mind, is ambiguous
and liable to a'double construction. Does it mean
that those moles over twenty-ono years of age, not
allowed to vote, shall not be counted in the basis of
representation? But if it means, as it may, that the
diminution of representation is to be in the pro-
portion they bear to the voters, it may deny all or
greatly abridge representation. Suppose, for in
stance, a State with one hundred thousand voter*
and a similar number excluded, if proportions aro
considered, this State would seem to have no Rep-
resentative."
Mr. Farnsworth in the same debate, said :
"This section says to those States: if the freed-
men are so degraded and isnoraut a^ to be unworthy
of enfranchisement, then they are not fit to govern
this country through the votes of others."
Mr. Bingham said:
"New York has a colored population of fifty
thousand. By this section if that great State dis-
criminates against her colored population as to the
elective franchise, except in case of crime, she loses
to that extent her representative power in Con-
gress."
It will be perceived that not a single mem-
ber of the House took issue with Mr. Stevens,
or in any manner questioned the correctness
of his construction of the second section when
he declared the effect of it to be to enforce
universal suffrage, or loss of representation,
and thus understood it passed the House on
