1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
there by a provision in the Constitution.
While Congress may choose whether it shall be
exercised by the President, courts of law, or
heads of Departments, it has 110 power beyond
the making of that choice. It was Mr. Attor-
ney General Akerman's opinion that a dif-
ferent rule would apply ; that courts of law
and heads of Departments may be compelled
to select from a class indicated by the reports
of an examining board.
The reason assigned for this difference be-
tween different classes ofappoiutmentsappears
not to have been very conclusive to his mind.
I should hesiiate to express dissent from any
opinion from a source so eminent, but I am
compelled to doubtits conclusiveness. I think
we could not safely accept it as final. The
reason for tiie distinction made by him, as a
constitutional reason, is. to my mind, indis-
tinct and unsatisfying. Besides, I do not like
the idea of indisiinct and divided responsi-
bility for appointments. An examining board
is an eminently appropriate and good means
of ascertaining the fitness of applicants. But
there must be responsibility for the examining
board.
When public affairs go wrong, the people
have a right to know at whose door to knock.
The appointing power, therefore, should not
be able to shield itself from accountability by
interposing an ill-selected examining board.
As a subdivision of administrative labors, an
examining board presents every probability
of desirable results. But, for these results,
the appointing power should be held to dis-
tinct responsibility. The acknowledged limits
imposed by the Constitution, whether we ac-
cept the wider or narrower construction, fix
the responsibility not less distinctly than they
lix the power, and are of the last degree of
importance, to be defended and preserved.
It is only in tbis view that the gravity of the
present situation fully appears. The thing
which the Constitution does not permit to be
done has been done. The thing wbicbneither
House ot" Cong'ress nor both Houses dare
openly attempt has been already achieved.
An open act of Congress to apportion among
its. members the administrative functions con-
fided to the Executive would have been met
by a general cry of indignant alarm. But on
the showing belore made, this gradual en-
croachment of a system of personal patronage
has dismantled the Executive of most import-
ant functions. Under the circumstances there
can be no well defined responsibility for had
appointments. Indignant the country may
be, but wherever its anger shall strike it may
strike a cruel blow in the wrong direction.
The presumption is that the responsibility is
to be looked for in some place where the Con-
stitution did not intend it to be.
This much, at least, is true of the President:
he has hurried forward and pressed the subject
of reform exactly as he might have been ex-
pected to do had he been in great earnest.
He has announced without delay his adoption
of the proposed rules and called upon us •' for
all the strength which Congress can give" to
enable him to put them in practice. A con-
troversy had been raging betweeu the Execu-
tive and Congress nearly lour years before he
took the executive chair, if during three
years he has avoided a renewal of that con-
troversy, and with the consent of Congress
inaugurated a reform of the civil service,
which needs only our assistance to make it
effective, it will deserve to be accounted not
the least ot' his achievements.
Jf the views already expressed are sound,
no law of Congress can circumscribe the dis-
ereiiun of the appointing power within the
limits of a competitive examination; because
no law can override the Constitution. But Hi-
ability in this ditec ion makes a greater urgency
that we shall legislate in another. Both Houses
of Congress may, and 1 thii.k should, unite in
an act requiring their members to abdicate the
usurped power of dictating appointments. It
was found some years ago that members of
Congress accepted employment to prosecute
claims against the Government. An act of
Congress branded the practice as improper and
prohibited it. I think no member of Congress
would like to be supposed guilty of accepting
such employment now. We can pass a similar
act, forbidding members of Congress to urge
appointments upon the appointing power, and
from soliciting them except in accordance with
the plan of civil service reform which may be
in force at the time. This much at least we
can do in answer to the President's appeal for
help.
The impracticability, if any, so far as I am
able to discover, can be found nowhere, ex-
cept in our unwillingness to turn our backs to
the temptations of a great abuse—an abuse,
the advantages of which, if such there may be,
fall to members of this House only as crumbs
from a feast to which we are not admitted, but
for which we incur a full share of responsi-
bility. The remedy is practicable if it is prac-
ticable to desire it.
Anotherbranch of the remedy, entirely prac-
ticable, relates to the outrageous and altogether
indefensible accumulation of emoluments for
some of the large officers, while their subor-
dinates are driven to make up an income
from gifts and peculations. I have no time
to dwell on this, but why should it be allowed
to continue?
In conclusion, one further topic remains to
be touched. I have heard it said that an
adoption of the plan for civil service reform
might endanger the success of the Republican
party in the coming elections. It seems to me
late for such a thought. Congress, by its act
of March 3, 1871, to which reference has been
made, authorized the President to initiate it.
Congress is therefore committed. The Pres-
ident has already announced his adoption of
the plan, and he also is committed.
What is now to be gained by going back on
these committals, or by failing to fulfill them?
Whether or not there would be danger in
appearing to hesitate and palter with them,
whether or not popular favor would be gained
by appearing to deal with this great subject
insincerely or frivolously, is a question which
I must leave to be dec.ded according to the
individual temper of those who consider it.
It is not a question to be reached by argu-
ment.
Most of the discontents in the Republican
party which have found tongue, and are not
in their nature personal, are traceable to the
causes I have discussed. It is noticeable that
having, or supposing themselves to have, c-iuse
of complaint, the organs of those discontents
avow their aim to accomplish the reform ad
vocated by the President. They have groped
over wide spaces for a new path, but as yet
have found none broad enough to hold a party
capable of administering the Government.
[ do not apprehend that the career of the
Republican party approaches its end. It was
forced into existence by a supreme danger to
our institutions. Prom step to step its work
has risen to unexpected heights, and from
these heights it can be seen stretching away
into a fruitful and tranquil future. It has
lived through scenes where nothing but robust
courage could have survived. Its work has
been of a noble kind, which causes the sym-
pathies of men to flow together. Its faults
have been the faults of excessive vitality.
Whatever else may be said of it, it has not
been deaf to the calls of oppressed humanity,
nor has it turned its back on any peril. It
has stood for the honor of the flag, and has
increased the splendor of its constellations.
It has to-day, with all its faults, more power
for useful public service than any new party
could acquire in a series of years. It is iden-
tified wuli the cause of jusiiue and equality
between the races, with the financial credit of
the country, with its military renown, its his-
toric interests; with the pride and affections
of the American people. Fear that it may
lack strength to lop off its abuses seems to
me unintelligent and pitiful.
postal teleqkapii.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, on the second
day of the present session of Congress so much
of the President's mes-age as related to the
subject of a union of the postal and telegraph
systems was, by order of the House of Repre-
sentatives,referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations. Up to this hour the consideration
of the regular appropriation bills has engro "ed
the attention of that committee, and is likely
to engross it for some time, so that the subject
of the proposed postal telegraph may not be
formally before the committee oi' the House
for several weeks. As I am a member of the
committee to whom tbis subject was referred,
I should not undertake its discussion in the
House in advance of its formal consideration
by the committee had it not been recently dis-
cussed elaborately upon this floor by the able
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,J with
whom I was associated in the special Com-
mittee on the Postal Telegraph in the Forty-
First Congress. In what 1 may say now I wish
to be understood as expressing solely my own
convictions on the general principles of the
subject, without knowing the views of any of
my associates on the committee.
The electric telegraph was first brought to
the attention of Congress in 1835. In Febru-
ary of that year the House of Representatives
passed a resolution requesting the Secretary
of the Treasury to report to the House at the
ensuing session upon the propriety of estab-
lishing a system of telegraphs for the Uui'ed
States. In answer to the Secretary's circular
inviting information on the subject Professor
Morse communicated his plan, which con-
cluded with the statement that he was satisfied
'•that the establishment of a system of tele-
graph for the United States would be useful to
commerce as well as to the Government," and
that "it might most properly be made appur-
tenant to the Post Office Department." Iu
1843, in answer to petitions from Professor
Morse for aid in bringing out his invention,
the sum of $30,000 was appropriated to build
a line between Washingion and Baltimore,
and the further sum of $12,000 was appropri-
ated to defray the expenses of operating the
line the first year. In twelve months there-
after this line, built and operated by Federal
appropriations, transmitted the first electro-
magnetic messages ever transmitted upon the
globe. During the next session of Congress
a bill was introduced authorizing an extension
of the line from Baltimore to New York, but
it did not pass, and from that period forward
the construction, ownership, and regulation
of telegraph lines in the (J niied States have
been accomplished by private enterprise.
The failure of the General Government at
first to adopt, regulate, and control this great
agency of modern intelligence greatly embar-
rasses the proposed assumption of it by the
Government now. Why should it be under
Government control? First, because its rates
of charges inthe United States are unneces-
sarily oppressive; second, because it holds a
relation to commerce as delicate and as im-
portant as that of the post office itself; third,
because it is an educaiional agency loo potent
to be left at the control of private corporations,
looking alone to quick returns for their invest-
ments.
In a report made a few days ago in favor of
the postal telegraph by a standing committee
of the Senate I find tables shoving the pres-
ent rates of charges for messages of ten words
for distances between important cities in the
United States. The average rates, as shown
by these tables, are as follows: for distances
und^r 250 miles, 37 cents per message ; be-
tween 250 and 500 miles, 62£ cents; between
600 and 1,000 miles, $1 23 ; between 1,000
and 1,500 miles, $2 14; over 1,500 miles,
