8782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Tho clerks that must be employed to keep the
accounts, the necessary force that transact the
clerical business, if you call that machinery—
that much of the machinery is transferred to
the War Department to finish the work.
Mr. McNEELY. Then this does not
abolish the Freedmen's Bureau ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly it
does.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe it is in order to
strike out the pending section and offer a sub-
stitute for it?
The CHAIRMAN. Not so long as there
are two amendments pending.
The question was taken on Mr. McNeely's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend the
paragraph by reducing the appropriation to
$70,000, and my object is to ascertain the
facts, for if I am to vote on this question I
desire to know what I am voting on. Now,
my understanding has been that no part of
this sum was for the payment of soldiers, but
that all of it was for doing the business of pay-
ing them, and I call upon the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] who has alluded to that
subject, to inform the House if it is correct,
as 1 understood him to say, that a portion of
this money is for the soldiers, and if so what
portion is for the soldiers. I yield the remain-
der of my time to him to answer.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I slated that this appropriation was
simply to pay for the machinery by which the
bounty and back pay due the colored soldier
can reach him.
Mr. HIBBARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
paragraph and to insert in lieu thereof what I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is first
upon perfecting the section by the amendment
ot the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my substitute will
be adopted.
The Clerk read the substitute as follows:
ThattheBureauofRofugoes, Frcedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands shall bo discontinued from and after
Juno 30, 1M72, and all omployfis, oxoept such clerks
as may be retained by the Secretary of War for clos-
ing up the acoounts of said bureau, ahull be then
discharged, and tho sum necessary to pay the sala-
ries of such clerks is heroby appropriated; and all
nets and parts of acts pertaining to the collection
and paymontof bounties, or other monoys due to
colored soldiers, sailors, and marines, or thoir heirs,
shall remain in force until otherwiso ordered by
Congress, the same to be carried into offbet by tho
Secretary of War, who may employ such clerical
forco as may be necessary for the purpSse.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say a word
upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order until
the question be taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from New York.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment, to reduce the appropriation to $60,000;
and there were—ayes 66, noes 72.
Mr. COX. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now offer my substitute,
and I ask the Clerk to read the paragraph
which I send up, from the act of last year mak-
ing appropriations for the present fiscal year.
The Clerk read as follows:
t " Bureau for Refugees and Abandoned Lands:
For collection and payment of bounties, prise-
money, andotherlegitimate claims ofcoloredsoldiers
and sailors, for salaries of agents and clerks, rent
of offices, fuel and lights, stationery and printing,
for furniture and repairing, mileage and transport-
ation of officers and agents, telegraphing and post-
age, 887,500."
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, I wish to state a
few propositions about which there is no dis-
pute. This paragraph has nothing to do with
the payment of back pay and bounty to the
colored soldiers. There is a separate appro-
priation made for the pay and bounty of sol-
diers without reference to color. This para-
graph applies only to the payment of persons
employed by the bureau. An appropriation
of $87,500 was made for this purpose for the
current fiscal year, and is now being expended,
and it has not been said that a deficiency has
occurred in that appropriation, so that if the
bureau is discontinued on the 30th day of June
next there is not a dollar to be appropriated
except for the pay of such clerks as may be
retained by the Secretary of War.
I therefore submit that it is impossible to
explain, and no attempt has yet been success-
fully made to explain, why any sum of money
should be appropriated beyond what is neces-
sary for the clerks that may be retained after
the 30th day of June next; and I have pro-
vided for them in the substitute I have offered.
The trouble is that this $100,000 dobs not
seem to be required for the purpose. It is
not for the pay of soldiers; if it was 1 would
not raise my voice against it. It is not to pay
bounty to soldiers, because that, as every one
knows, is paid out of the appropriations made
for the purpose. This $100,000 is for expend-
itures during the next fiscal year; it is not for
a deficiency; it is not to be expended at all
during the present year. Does any gentleman
say that for the additional clerical force which
will be required by the War Department for
this purpose the sum of $100,000 is necessary ?
Certainly not; for $87,500 was the entire
appropriation made last year for the present
fiscal year. It is therefore clear that this
$100,000 is unnecessary for the purpose.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to say a word or two
in reference to the law of last year, which has
been read by the Clerk at the request of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] An-
nually an attack has been made upon this
bureau ever since it was in existence by the
Democratic side of this House.* Last year they
succeeded in cutting the appropriations down
so low that the head of the bureau, in order
to keep within the appropriation, has been
obliged form time to time to discharge portions
of las force, till now, in the State of Mississippi,
where there is due to colored soldiers over
$100,000 by way of bounty, there is no agent
to pay it to them, and they are lying out of
money which is due them. Because the appro-
priations were so small, made so small by the
resistance of members ou the other side of tho
House last year, those soldiers are to day
going without what is their due.
Mr. HOLMAN. This $100,000 is not for a
deficiency.
Mr. PERCE. I understand that, because
the head of the bureau was too honest to go
on and expend money when his appropriation
was exhausted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then what is this for?
It is not for paying the amount due the sol-
diers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. It is because
the colored soldiers in the South are not paid
in the same manner that soldiers in the North
are.
The question was then taken upon the sub-
stitute moved by Mr. Holman ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 76, noes 94.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Sargent were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 61, noes 89.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the pending paragraph by striking out
" $100,000 ' and inserting $80,000." The
attempt has been made upon the other side of
the House to charge upon this side opposition
to the colored soldiers. Nothing could be
further from the truth than such a charge.
There is no opposition to the soldier receiv-
ing his bounty and pay ; there is no opposi-
tion to doing the amplest and fullest justice to
the soldier, whether white or black. But the
House and the country must remember that
not a dollar of this appropriation is for the
soldier. It is all for the middle-men, the offi-
cials, the hangers-on, the men who feed and
fatten upon what should go to the soldier—
upon what stops in their hands between the
Government and the soldier.
Now, I want to state another fact. If a
soldier living in Pennsylvania desires to make
application to the Government for his bounty
he does it through an agent, and he must pay
that agent out of the bounty which he receives.
But if the colored soldier living in Missis-
sippi or Alabama makes application for the
same bounty, for the same service, to the same
Government, the Government is asked to pay
the fee for collecting his bounty, while in
Pennsylvania the white soldier pays the fee
out of the $100 bounty allowed him.
Mr. WALLS. The gentleman is mistaken
about that.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. This appro-
priation is made for that very purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Not for that
purpose.
Mr. MOREY. The gentleman is mistaken
in regard to th'at.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. For what
purpose is it made, then?
Mr. MOREY. I koow that the colored
soldier pays out of his bounty ten dollars' fee
to the private agent who presents his claim.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. If that is
the case, and the Government then pays for
carrying the money to the soldier, what is the
private attorney paid for? It is double pay
for the same service.
Mr. BUTLER of Tennessee. I ask the
gentleman whether the agent pays the white
soldier his money?
Mr. SPEER of Pennsylvania. Ten dollars
of the white soldier's bounty are deducted by
the Government and paid over to the attorney,
and the remaining ninety dollars are sent to
the white soldier.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee.
it to him?
Mr. ■ SPEER, of Pennsylvania.
ernment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee.
ernment also sends the colored
bounty.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania.
does the Government send out of the $100?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. The same
as it sends to the white soldier—ninety dollars.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Then, if the
Government deducts ten dollars from the pay
of the colored soldier, why does it need this
appropriation of $100,000 to pay the expense
of sending in each case the ninety dollars to
the colored soldier?
Mr. PERCE. It is to pay the agent.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. For carry-
ing the ninety dollars to the soldier?
Mr. PERCE. No, sir.
Mr. McKEE. If the gentleman will allow
me to explain, the difference is this: the
Government under the law pays the bounty
directly to the colored soldier, so that there
shall be no opportunity to cheat him.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. What does
the Government do with the ten dollars that it
deducts from the bounty of the colored soldier ?
Mr. McKEE. It is paid to the attorney who
puts the claim through. But there has been
so much cheating in reference to the bounties
of colored soldiers that the Government does
not allow the attorney to receive and pay over
the money.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Very well;
then the Government recognizes the private
attorney and his services so far as to retain ten
dollars to be paid over to him, and yet it says
he is a scoundrel not to be trusted with the
bounty, and sends its own agent down to p^y
it to the colored soldier.
Mr. McKEE. The reason is this-——
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is not that
the fact ?
Who sends
The Gov-
The Gov-
soldier his
How much
