1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
$4 96. These tables show a great lack of
uniformity between different points of nearly
the same distance. For instance, from Wash-
ington to Now York, 230 miles, tbe rate is 40
cents; to Williamsport, 220 miles, 75 cents;
to Wheeling, 380 miles, 30 cents; to Albany,
380 miles, 80 cents; to Parkersburg, 380 miles,
$1. From New York to Louisville, 960 miles,
the rate is 75 cents; to Cincinnati, 860 miles,
50cents; to Chicago, 900 fniies, $1; to Charles-
ton, 910 miles, $1 25 ; Indianapolis, 810 miles,
$1 60; to Bristol, 600 miles, $1 60; to Chatta-
nooga, 850 miles, $2. From Washington to St.
Louis, 940 miles, the rate is $1 75; to Mobile,
1,100 miles, $2 50; to New Orleans, 1,200
miles, $2 50; to St. Augustine, 1,000 miles,
$3 25. When you take into account the fore-
going figures, and the manifest fact that the
telegraph service holds the same relation to all
the vital interests of society that the postal
service does, the only substantial difference
being in the time required for the execution
of the two kinds of service, and that at no time
under the old system of high charges and slow
transportation was the Post Office Department
permitted to establish discriminating rates for
the transmission of intelligence, the unequal,
unjust, and unnecessarily burdensome mode in
which the telegraph has been and is adminis-
tered will be apparent.
Look at the rates paid for telegraphic service
in European countries. In Belgium mes-
sages are sent anywhere within the kingdom
for the uniform price of ten cents; in Switzer-
land, ten cents; in Greece, eighteen cents; in
France, ftom ten to twenty cents, according
to distance; in Baden and the Netherlands,
thirteen cents; in Wurtemberg, fifteen cents;
in Italy, twenty cents; in the North German
Union, twelve and a half to thirty-seven and a
half cents, according to distance; in Austria
and Hungary, ten to forty cents, according to
distance; in Norway and Sweden, twenty-eight
cents; in Australia, twenty-five cents.
Great Britain was tbe last of the European
nations to abandon the system of private man-
agement of telegraphs and unite them with
the postal service. The rates of charges in
that country previous to February 5, 1870,
were, for a distance not exceeding one hun-
dred miles, twenty-four cents; over one hun-
dred, but not exceeding two hundred miles,
thirty-six cents; over two hundred miles, forty-
eight cents. For additions of ten words or less
than ten words half rates were charged. Since
February 5, 1870, the peiiod when the tele-
graph lines passed under the control of the
post office department, the rates have been
uniformly, and without regard to distance,
throughout the United Kingdom, twenty-four
cents for the first twenty words of each mes-
sage, not counting the name or address of the
sender or receiver, and this sum also covers
the service of delivery of the message by special
foot messenger within the limit of one mile of
of the terminal telegraph office.
The tariff of prices for press reports before
the union with the postal service was regarded
as high, so much so as to exclude many jour-
nals frjm receiving them. After the change
to the postal system, the postmaster geneial
was authorized to furnish publishers wiih re-
ports at rates not exceeding one shilling for
every one hundred words transmitted between
the hours of six p. m. and nine a. m., and
at rates not exceeding one shilling for every
seventy-five words transmitted between the
hours of nine a. m. and six p. m., to a single
address, with an additional charge of twopence
for every hundred words, or seventy-five words,
as the case might be, of the same report trans
mitted to each additional address. The effect
upon the press of this reduction of prices may
be seen in the following facts: formerly the
English telegraph companies sent, news reports
to only one hundred and forty four towns in
the United Kingdom. In one year afterward
the post office sent news reports to three hun-
dred and sixty-five towns, in the one hundred
and forty-four towns to which the telegraph
companies sent reports there were three hun-
dred and six subscribers for news. In one year
afterward in the three hundred and sixty five
towns to which the Post Office sent reports
there were eleven hundred and six subscribers
for news. The telegraph companies sent re-
ports to, only one hundred and seventy-three
journals. In one year afterward the post
office sent them to four hundred and sixty-
seven journals. The telegraph companies sent
during the session of Parliament nearly six
thousand words of news daily ; during the
remainder of the year four thousand words
daily. The post office, in one year afterward,
sent during the session of Parliament nearly
twenty thousand words of news daily ; and
during the remainder of the year it sent nearly
fifteen thousand words daily.
The increase in the number of private mes-
sages after the reduction was equally satis-
factory. In the first week the number for-
warded from all stations was 128,872. In the
week ending March 31, the number had risen
to 160,775. The average weekly number in
thirteen weeks, to June 30, was 177,410. The
average weekly number in thirteen weeks, to
September 30, was 200,787. And the average
number in thirteen weeks, to December 31,
1870, was 203,572.
That the convenience of the English pub-
lie, as well as their financial advantage, was
observed in the postal system, may be seen
from these facts, gathered from the report
of Mr. Scudamore, second secretary of the
post office department. Although the rail-
way stations at which telegraph business is
conducted on behalf of the postmaster gen-
eral are nearly as numerous as the postal
telegraph stations proper, there being about
1,820 of the former to 1,960 of the latter,
these last are so much more convenient in all
respects to the public that ninety-one per
cent, of the whole number of messages are
forwarded from them, and only nine per cent,
from the railway stations.
On the 5th of the present month the British
post office commenced issuing for public use
postal telegraph cards bearing a shilling stamp,
for the accommodation of those for whom it
will be more convenient to deposit the card in
the nearest pillar letter or other post-office let-
ter-box, than to send a message to the nearest
telegraph station. The telegraph cards will
be taken from the boxes along with the other
contents at tin regular collecting periods,
which are always specified on the table on or
over the box ; and on the arrival of a collec-
tion at the proper office, the telegraph cards
will be at once picked out and handed over
to the telegraph-counter clerk, who will deal
with them in tue ordinary course, obliterating
the stamp. No postage is charged, the shil-
ling stamp covering that, and also franking
the message on the card to the same privileges
as are granted to messages handed in to offices
in the ordinary way.
Financially, the English postal telegraph
system has also proved successful. In tlie
speech of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] to which I have already referred, there
is a eaiefully prepared letter from the electri-
cian of the Western Union Telegraph Company,
introduced to show that the English postal
telegraph system was not self-sustaining. A
saternent is given showing receipts for fourteen
months $3,865,127; expenses, $2,277,195:
net profits, $1,587,932. The electrician says
these accounts were not correctly kept by
the English post office department, and that
it has charged to construction account sums
which belonged to expense account. But,
according to the same electrician, the post
office department increased the mileage of
wire in that time ftom eighty-five thousand
to one huudred and thirty thousand miles,
or over fifty per cent., at a cost of $100
for each mile of wire. Unless it should be
claimed that expenditures for the extension
of lines are not properly chargeable to capital
account—and no intelligent accountant would
so claim—this officer of the Western Union
Telegraph Company corroborates by his own
evidence the official conclusion that the Eng-
lish postal telegraph system was more thau
self-sustaining in the first fourteen months of
its trial.
In what I have thus far said I have con-
fined myself mainly to the high charges of tel-
egraphing in the United States, compared with
the charges in European countries. Ours ia
the only nation of any importance in the woild
which permits the management of i he telegraph
to remain in the hands of private individuals.
Everywhere else, under all forms of govern-
ment, it is held to be an inseparable adjunct of
commerce as much as the postal system, and
in nearly all the countries whose tariffs of
prices 1 have heretofore quoted it has been
incorporated with the postal service. Even,
too, where the prices are lowest, as in Belgium
and Switzerland, it is not only self-sustaining,
but is a source of public revenue. I have in
my possession a tabulated statement issued by
the Government of Switzerland, showing the
receipts and expenditures for telegraph ser-
vice in that country for seventeen consecutive
years, ending in 1869, and. this statement shows
that in only three of the first years after the
transfer of the lines to the Government was
there an excess of expenditures over receipts.
The last year reported shows an excess of
receipts over expenditures of 130.247 francs.
The Government of the United States has
given official proof that it regards the telegraph
as a necessary agent of commerce, by appro-
priations of $250,000 a year for that most in-
valuable branch of the War Department, the
signal service. And yet the signal service, ne-
cessary as it has become to the preservation of
property, interests in shippingupon the rivers,
upon the lakes, and upon the seas ; necessary
as it has become for the preservaiion of human
life; incalculably important as it has become
to American commerce in all its interests, was
about a year ago brought to a suspension with-
out reasonable warning, or opportunity for
timely remedy, by the refusal of the principal
telegraph company of the country to accept,
the legal terms offered by the Government lor
the service. What guarantee has the Govern-
ment that this branch of the public business
may not be paralyzed beyond ihe possibility
of immediate resuscitation any moment, under
the present system of telegraphic administra-
tion ? Remember that nine tenths of all the
lines in the United States are owned by one
company, and the shares of that company are
reputed to be controlled practically by one
man. At any time when the lines of compet-
ing companies shall threaten to become
troublesome, we may expect a continuation
of the policy of consolidation, until all the
lines shall be under one ownership and one
system of management. All this concentra-
tion of facilisies lor instantaneous intelligence
throughout the civilized globe—more potent
than any European monarch wields-—is not
responsible to Federal cobtrol, is restrained
by no Federal regulation, and may toy with
the most vital interests of p iblic or private
rights as a child would spoit with a bauble.
Do you say it is the creature of Siate legisla-
tion, and is answerable for abuses of its privi-
leges in the courts? When the question was
formally asked by a Postmaster General of the
several companies, to what extent they deemed
themselves liable for damages for maladmin-
istration, they made united answer that the
decisions of the courts in tbe several States,
where suits had been brought, had been so
various and conflicting that the measure of
liability could not be stated. And so, rather
than go betore such uncertain tribunals for
redress, tbe public have continued to bear
their grievances unredressed.^ _
It has been argued upon this floor that the
telegraph should remain under the control of
