1812.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14?
42d Cons....2d Sess.
National und State Elections—Mr. Whiteley.
Ho. of Reps.
the 10th day of May, 1866, by a vote of 128
yeas to 37 nays.
But I propose to follow the debate into the
Senate, with a view to show more clearly the
true intent and meaning of this section.
dj3ba.te in the senate.
On the 23d of May following, Mr. Howard,
in opening the debate on the constitutional
amendment, after discussing the inequality of
the representation allowed the late slave States
by the allowance of representation for three
fifths of the slaves which would, "bv reason of
their emancipation, still further increase their
representation, said:
"The committee thought this should no longer
be permitted, and they thought it wiser to adopt a
general principle applicable to all the States alike,
namely, that when a State excludes any part of it3
male citizens from the elective franchise it shall
lose Representatives in proportion to the number
so excluded; andtheclauso applies not to color or
to race at all'but simply to the fact of the individ-
ual exclusion."
Mr. Clark interrupted the speaker by the
followiuginquiry:
"If the Senator will pardon me for a moment, I
wish to inquire whether the committee's attention
was called to the fact that if any State excluded
any person, say as Massachusetts doe<* for want of
intelligence, this provision cuts down the repre-
sentation of that State V'
Mr. Howard answering, said:
" Certainly it does, no matter what may be the oc-
casion of the restriction. It iollows out the logical
theory upon which the Government was founded,
that numbers shall be the basis of representation in
Congress, the only true, practical, and safe repub-
lican principle. If, then, Massachusetts so far tor-
gretsherselt as to exclude from the right of suffrage
all persons who do not believe with my honorable
friend who near me [Mr. Sumner]on the subject
of negro suffrage, she would lose her representation
in proportion to that exclusion." * *• * 515
"No matter what may be the ground of exclusion,
whether a want of education, a want of property, a
•want oi color, or   want of anything else, it is suffi-
cient that the person be excluded from the category
of voters, and the State loses representation in pro-
portion."
Mr. Wade, in the discussion of this section,
said :
" There are some reasons, and many believe good
reasons, for restricting universal suffrage. It is
already done in Massachusetts, for instance." *
* * * " But it a State tries this rule under
this section, she must lo^e, in the pioportion that
she has such persons among her inhabitants, her
representation."
A critical examination of the debate in the
Senate will establish that the views presented
in the remarks quoted by Senators Howard
and Wade were concurred in or not dissented
from by any Senator present, and that all
accepted the section as guarantying univer-
sal suffrage or loss of representation as the
penalty for its restriction or denial.
The" correctness of this conclusion will so
fully appear from the views of Senator Keverdy
Johnson, of Maryland, that I will quote his
remarks. The occasion tor the remarks was
the introduction of an amendment by Sena-
tor Williams, of Oregon, the present Attorney
General of the United States, who proposed to
substitute for the words "'elective franchise,"
in the second section, as originally reported,
the words " the right to vote," and to add after
said words the words "at any election held
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States or of any State." To this change Mr.
Johnson objected, and gave his reasons in the
following words :
"That part of the amendment to which I refer
says that whenever the right to vote at any election
hold under the Constitution and laws of the United
States or of any State is denied to any of the male
inhabitants of such States being twenty-one years
oi nee. Sc., a deduction is to be made._ l ow, sir, in
1.1) the Stales, certainly in mine, anu no doubt in
ail there are loealascoiiti'adwtin^uishedtroni State
elections. There are city elections, county elec-
tions. and district or borough elections, aiod those
city, county, and district elections are held under
some law of the State in which the. city-orcounty
or district or borons,'!; uiay be; and 111 tho.e elec-
tions, uecoidiuK to the laws of the_ btittes, oer
tain qualifications are prescribed, residence witum
tiio limits of the locality, and a property qualifi-
cation in some. Now, is it proposed to say that if
every man in a State is not at liberty to vote at a
city or county or a borough election that is to affect
the basis of representation?"
The objection was obivated by the intro-
duction of the specific officers for which the
male citizens of the United States twenty-one
years of age and inhabitants of the State must
be allowed to vote, or the penalty of the loss
of representation to be enforced, and it will be
found that m that enumeration are included
all officers elected at what are known as na-
tional and State elections as contradistin-
guished from local elections. The views of
Mr. Johnson were concurred in and insisted
on by Senator Henderson for substantially the
same reasons, and both of them while insisting
that it was unreasonable to carry the doctrine
of universal suffrage into local as contradis-
tinguished from national and State elections,
yet from the arguments presented, clearly
admitted that any restriction applied to the
latter elections would necessitatea loss of rep-
resentation.
Having quoted largely from the debates in
the two Houses, with a view to clearly estab-
lish the intent and meaning of the second sec-
tion, I desire to now present what occurred
touching the denial or abridgment of suffrage
by the non-payment of taxes.
On the 8th day of June, pending the discus-
sion of the second section of the amendment,
Mr. Cowan, of Pennsylvania, said:
" I should like to ask how those persons excluded
are to be ascertained, how the number of them is to
be ascertained? How is it to be determined how
many are excluded because they have not paid a tax
withm two years in my State, and how many are
excluded because they have not resided in a partic-
ular district a certain length of time before voting?
I suggest that these things seem to be of some diffi-
culty in the proper determination of this question/'
And again, on the same day, Mr. Cowan
again said:
" I should like to make the inquiry again how the
abridgment, or the extent of the abridgment, is
to be determined in the several States where it is
abridged for non-payment of taxes, or abridged for
non-residence, and all that kind of thing."
To these several inquiries no answer was
given. No one denied the position assumed by
Mr. Cowan, that the denial of the right to vote
for non-payment of taxes was an abridgment
of suffrage within the meaning of the section ;
indeed, the whole debate shows that it was such
a res'riction as was forbidden by the amend-
ment unless the State elected to suffer the pen-
alty of loss of representation, and the trouble
seemed to be arriving at the rule or mode of
determining who was so deprived of the right
to vote. Mr. Howard, it is true, stated that
the number would be determined by the census
at each period anterior to the reapportionment
of representation, but this was evidently im-
practicable, and has been already realized, as
totally worthless as a rule by which to be gov-
erned.
However, I do not propose to consider that
feature of the question at this time, but will
pass on to a consideration of the intent and
meaning of the section as it appears to me
from the language used as connected with the
evil to be remedied.
WHAT IS ESTABLISHED AND GUARANTIED BY THIS
SECTION.
The section in itself establishes a national
standard for the exercise of the elective fran-
chise in the several States of the Union. That
standard is simply manhood, inhabitancy of
the State and citizenship of the United States.
All who possess these qualifications are entitled
to be counted as voters, subject to the right of
the State to deny or abridge the right thus con-
fen
The right thus conferred is also limited or
confined to the elections for the offices named
in the section, that is "'to electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and
judicial officers of a State, and the members
of the Legislature thereof."
Beyond the elections for the officers named
the section declares nothing, establishes noth-
ing, guaranties nothing; but as to the offices
named, it does declare, establish, and guar-
anty, subject to the right of the Staie to deny
or abridge„that all persons having the qualifi-
cations named shall be allowed to vote in ihe
State to which they belong. The right of the
State to regulate suffrage in all other cases is
in no wise affected by the section, and is only
affected at the election named by subjecting
the State to the loss of representation in the
event she elects to deny or abridge the right to
vote guarantied by the section. The question
then is, what is a denial or abridgment of that
right?
A denial of the right to vote at any or all of
the elections named in the section may be
effected in various ways. To illustrate: it may
be denied by a refusal to allow any male per-
sons not thirty years of age to vote, or by a
refusal to allow persons twenty-one years of
age and inhabitants of the State and citizens
of the United States to vote until they have
been five or ten years in the State. In the one
case, it is the operation of law on the age of
the voter that creates the denial, ih the other,
the operation of law on the term of his resi-
dence in the Stale.
Again, a denial may exist by the operation
of law on intelligence, as where an educational
qualification is required, or again by the oper-
ation of law on property, as where a property
qualification is required.
In all the instances given, the existence of
the law on the one hand, and the want of age,
residence, intelligence, or property completes
or works the denial, for by reason of the one
and the absence of the other, the exercise of
suffrage is denied to persons within the rule
declared in the section.
Another class of cases may be stated as
illustrating the distinctions that may and do
obtain at this time, and which involve a third
element in what constitutes or works a denial
of suffrage; i. e., not only as in the former
cases stated, the existence of the law and the
want or absence of another element as age,
residence, intelligence,&c., but wherein addi-
tion to the secondelement, some act of the in-
dividual is required to complete the demands
of the rule established by the State; and under
this head a tax qualification falls; tor so far as
the value of the tax requiried is concerned it
is but a property qualification, and that quali-
fication may vary as it does in Georgia, where
all taxes required by law for the year previous
to the election must be paid or the right of
suffrage is denied—as the wealth of the voters
vary, for the property tax, as well as~ the tax
on each poll, is within the rule, and both
where they apply to the same person must be
paid before the right to vote exists under the
law. ■
In one case the right to vote may cost but a
dollar, in another $100; but in both property
controls. To the poor laborer who works for
$150 per annum, and supports a large family
of helpless children, the dollar is tenfold
more burdensome than the one hundred is to
a man*of property. In the one case, wealth
meets the demand and suffers not by the ex-
action ; in the other, poverty shrinks or evades
the hui'den, and awakes to find that through
his condition he is denied the ballot, a weapon
that is cherished by poverty to protect pov-
erty ; vet though cherished and needed it must
be lost"that bread may be furnished the hungry
and clothing the naked.
It will be observed that I recognize as_a
denial all cases where the effect of the law m
its operations is to work a denial, for I cannot
understand a difference between results when
they are the same, and as the rule laid down
