1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
Knudson ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
HENRY CLAY WILLIAMS.
Mr. RUSK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 752) to appropriate to Henry Clay Wil-
liams a sum of money found due to him in the
adjustment of bis accounts; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Bit. J. MILTON BEST.
Mr. RT,TSK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 753) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
PREEMPTION OF GOAL LANDS.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 754) to grant the right of preemption to
coal lands on the public domain in the Pacific
States and Territories; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining, and ordered to be
piinted.
CONTRACTS FOE SERVILE LABOR.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced abill (H. R. No.
755) to prohibit contracts for servile labor ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
SWAMP LANDS IN OREGON.
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
756) extending the time for the selection of
swamp and overflowed lands in Oregon under
the act of Congress approved March 1'2, I860 ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
757) to carry into effect the fourth article of
the treaty of February 23,1867, with the Sen-
eca, Shawnee, and Quapaw, and other In-
dians ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY AND TOST ROAD.
Mr. LOWE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No 758) to provide for the building of a mili-
tary and post road from the mouth of Walnut
river, in Kansas, to the mouth of the main
Cache river, in Texas ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
ROBERT E. COWAN.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 759) to remove the political disabilities
of Robert E. Cowan of Kansas City, in the
State of Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
CIRCUIT COURT IN WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
760) to require the holding of an additional
term of the circuit court of the United States
in the district of West Virginia; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
ADMISSION OF UTAH AS A STATE.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
761) to enable the people of Utah to form a
constitution and State government, and for the
admission of said State into the Union ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
NEBRASKA AND DAKOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 762) to aid in the construction of the
Northern Nebraska and Central Dakota rail-
road ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
removal of flathead indians.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 763) to provide for the removal of the
Flathead and other Indians from the Bitter
Root valley, in th'e Territory of Montana;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
yellowstone park.
Mr. CLAGETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 764) to set apart a certain tract of land
lying near the head-waters of the Yellowstone
river as a public park; which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAGETT. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion of Mr. Stevenson wasagreed to.
enlargement of capitol grounds.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (IT. R.
No. 765) for the enlargement of the grounds
surrounding the Capitol; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
corporations by general law.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 766) to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide for the creation of corporations in
the District of Columbia by general law;"
which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
amendment 01' district acts.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (IT
It. No. 767) to amend certain acts therein
named; whieh was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
MORTGAGES.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 768) relating to mortgages in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The first business now in order is
the consideration of a motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] coming
over from Monday last, to suspend the rales
and pass a resolution, which the Clerk will
read.
international copyright.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
directed to consider the question of an international
copyright, and to report to this Hou.se what, in their
judgment, would be the wisest plan, by treaty or
law. to secure the property of authors in their works,
without injury to other rights and interests, and if
in their opinion congressional legislation is the best
that they report a bill for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I think I can save the time of
calling the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
not been demanded.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 79, noes 10; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and
Mr. Kbu.ey were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes one hundred
and five, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution
adopted.
SAFETY OF STEAMBOATS.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 65) relating to the limitation of steam
pressure on towing and freight boats on the
Mississippi river and its tributaries; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the provisions of the act entitled
"An act to provide for the better security of
life on vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam," &c., approved February 28, 187J,
so far as they relate to the limitation of steam
pressure on steamboats used exclusively for
towing and carrying freight on the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, are hereby so far
modified as to substitute for such boats one
hundred and fifty pounds of steam pressure in
place of one hundred and ten pounds, as pro-
vided in said act, for the standard pressure
upon standard boilers of forty-two inches
diainetei and of plates of one quarter of an
inch in thickness ; and that such boats may,
on the written permit of the supervising
inspector of the district in which they shall
carry on their business, for the period of six
months after the passage of this joint resolu-
tion, be permitted to carry steam above the
standard pressure of one hundred and ten
pounds, but not exceeding the standard pres-
sure of one hundred and fifty pounds to the
square inch.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
texas election contests.
Mr. HOAR. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to present their report in
the contested-election case of Clark vs. Gid-
dings, from the third district of Texas, and to
move that it be laid on the table and ordered
to be printed. 1 give notice that I shall call
up the case to-moirow after the morning hour.
The motion of Mr. Hoar was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois, presented a report on
behalf of the minority of the committee; which
was ordered to be printed in connection with
the majority report.
Mr. McCRARY. from the Committee of
Elections, reported back, with an amendment,
the following resolutions:
Unsolved, That the sixty days which the law allows
for taking: testimony in the contested-election case
of G. V\r. Whitmore W. S. Jlerndon, from the first
district of Texas, shall comaicncc on the 1st day of
January. 187-!.
litsotvc'l, Tliat either partv to the said contest be
authorized to take the testimony of Hon. J.T W.
IYaxa'Iax. United States Senator, Hon. J. 3). ??*ew-
comb, secretary of State, and Hon. IS. J. lla\is, (tov-
ernor of the State of Texas, at the city of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, before any officer author-
ized by law to take depositions therein, within sixty
dajs after the passage of this resolution, upon three
days' notice to the opposite party.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the second resolution, and
to insert m lieu thereof the following:
IZeitolretl, That either paity to said contest be
authorized to take the testimony of any witnesses
who may be found in the District of Columbia, at
the city otVvrashmgton. before any otficer authorized
by law to take depositions therein, within sixty days
after the passage of thisresolution, upon three diy*'
notice to the opposite party; no niiteago to bo
allowed to such wune&ses.
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to ; and the resolutions, as amended,
were adopted.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vole by which the resolutions were adopted ;
