1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
378S
Mr. McKBE. The reason of the provision
oflaw with reference to paying the bounties of
colored soldiers is that generally the colored
soldier cannot read or write, and does not
know to what paper he puts his mark; hence,
he can be easily cheated.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Who cheats
him ? If the Government itself sends the
colored soldier the bounty, must he not be
cheated by the agents of the Government—the
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau?
Mr. McKEE. No, sir; by the attorney or
claim agent.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. If the
claim agent never gets control of the money,
how is he able to cheat anybody ?
Mr. PERCE. The-gentleman is not will-
ing that an appropriation shall be made to pay
the agents of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. There is too much con-
fusion in tbe Hall. Gentlemen standing will
take their seats.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the gentleman,
from Pennsylvania had better go to the De-
partment and get some information on this
subject. He will then be able to discuss it
intelligently.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. What was
that remark of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maykard?] I did not hear it. If he
made a remark that is to go into the Globe I
■want to hear it.
Mr. MAYNARD. It need not go into the
Globe.
Mr. SPEER, of" Pennsylvania. I am in-
formed that the gentleman directed my atten-
tion to the Treasury Department, or perhaps
he would have me go to the Freedmen's
Bureau. I suppose, however, that if I would
go to the courts of Tennessee I would have a
better chance of getting the information to
which he refers in regard to the collection of
bounties. I think that the modus operandi as
to the payment of bounties might be better
ascertained in the courts of Tennessee than at
any of the Departments.
Mr. MAYNARD. What I said (and I said
it in no unkind spirit) was that if the gentle-
man would get from the Department the
details of the workings of this matter it would
save us a good deal of trouble iu imparting
information.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The remark
■was made in a low tone of voice, and I did
not understand it. I thought it was intended
for the Globe without reaching my ear.
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh, no. I did not in-
tend it for the Globe or for the gentleman ; it
was a remark made merely to some of the
gentlemen near me.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I have no
prejudice against the colored soldier. I want
to do him justice. I desire that he shall be.
treated precisely as white soldiers are treated;
that he shall get every dollar of bounty to
which he is entftled. But if the Government
deducts ten dollars from the bounty of the
colored soldier and pays it to an attorney for
collecting it, I say it is a fraud upon the people
to turn round and pay somebody else tor
doing what the Government had already paid
the attorney for doing. I say that is wrong,
and the appropriation of $100,000 for the pur-
pose I think is unjustifiable on any principles
of common honesty I can conceive of or any
principles of public policy which should govern
this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RAIN BY. Mr. Chairman, perhaps I
do not understand this question as well as
those gentlemen who have been discussing it
on the other side, and it may be a little ven-
turesome on my part to presume to make an
explanation of the law which seems so hard
for them to Qomprehend and interpret. If I
am not at fault, the appropriation asked for in
this bill of $100,000 for the purpose of pro-
gressively closing up the business of this
bureau is certainly not an extravagant appro-
priation. A portion of this money is to be
used for the purpose of paying the Govern-
ment agents who may be sent out to find legal
claimants for bounty or prize-money, or other
legitimate claims of the colored soldiers. It
is necessary that these agents should have their
expenses paid, and consequently that is pro-
vided for in this bill. It is also necessary that
they should have offices properly furnished
with stationery, fuel, and light; consequently
these are included in this appropriation. We
propose that these agents shall perform cer-
tain work, and be paid therefor, all of which
is comprised in this appropriation of $100,000.
The duty of the agent, who is thus paid for
his services, is to visit in person parts or
sections of our country for the purpose of
finding out those colored soldiers who have
made applications to the Department for their
bounty, or who, for the want of information,
have failed to apply as the law directs, and after
satisfying himself as to the right of the claimant
or claimants, he gives the necessary instruc-
tions, and reports to the Department. If the
claim is found correct a check is remitted to
the claimant, and he is in this manner paid
directly his bounty.
That the papers may be duly executed, and
the technicalities of the law duly complied
with, an attorney is generally employed, who
is usually allowed ten per cent, on these
claims. A deduction is usually made at the
time the bounty is paid. Mark you, this is
not taken out of the appropriation, but de-
ducted from the amount due the claimant;
thus the papers are all properly qualified and
filed in the bureau.
Now, with this $100,000 there is something
else to be done besides paying these agents
for superintending the pacing -of bounties.
An enormous amount of work has accumu-
lated in this bureau within the last twelve
months. The same has been alluded to by
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce.]
This is owing to a deduction of $100,000 less
the amount asked for to run the bureau dur-
ing the last eleven months of the fiscal year.
For that reason the work could not go on.
It is highly requisite that everything should
be in perfect order before the affairs of the
bureau can be turned over to the War De-
partment. The books have to be posted, the
work examined, and everything properly closed
up. Can you expect the Commissioner to
perform this work without an adequate appro-
priation from Congress, or without one dollar
from former appropriations in his hands V Cer-
tainly not. Such an exaction, gentlemen,
would not be right; it would be unreasonable.
How can you require the Commissioner to
turn over the bureau to the Secretary of War
unless he is able to have his books in proper
shape? Out of this appropriation of $100,000
all of this work has to be pail for, besides
paying other expenses which have been re-
ferred to.
Mr. Chairman, I have a word more to
say. I regret the persistent opposition from
the other side of the House to all appro-
priations designed in any way for the ben-
efit of colored citizens. Why is it,, gentle-
men, that you are continually interposing
opposition to these measures? Why do you
object to paying the poor colored soldier, halt
and maimed as he is, perhaps with one leg
or with one arm, who has suffered these losses,
and more, in defense of his country ? Why do
you want to deprive him of this right which he
ought to enjoy by reducing this appropriation ?
I say, gentlemen, this is not comely. Surely
this ought not to be ; and I hope there will be
no further resistance to this desired appropri-
ation as proposed in this bill.
message from the president.
Here the committee informally rose ; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage from the President, by Mr. Horace Por-
ter, his Private Secretary, informed the House
that the President had approved and signed
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2761) to remove polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth arti-
cle of the amendments to the Constitution of
the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 1323) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic services
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1191) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. It. No. 2055) for the relief of
II. C. Christopher, G. W. Beard, C. A. Uber,
Edward Stiles, and N. H. Lamdin;
An act (H. R. No. 2018) for the relief of
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia;
An act (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of
S. B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, John W.
Mitchell, and William Webster ;
An act (H. R. No. 534) -to provide for
holding the U nited States district court in the
city of Toledo;
An act (H. li. No. 2690) defining and limit-
ing the appropriation of certain moneys for
the preparation, issue and reissue of the
securities of the United States, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2195) relating to certain
lands in the State of Alabama;
An act (H. R. No. 752) to appropriate to
Henry Clay Williams the sum of money found
due hiui on the adjustment of his accounts ;
An act (H. R. No. 176G) to authorize the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change their projected line of railway in the
State of Michigan ;
An act (H. R. No. 2631) to withdraw from
settlement and sale a certain section of Wyom-
ing Territory; and
An act (H. It. No. 1661) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year euding Jnne 80, 1873.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. HOAR. While the Speaker was in
the chair I did not succeed in securing his
attention, to put the inquiry whether it would
now be in order to have a member sworn in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For the pur-
pose of allowing a member to be sworn, I will
move that the committee rise, if it is under-
stood that the House will immediately after-
ward return into Committee of the Whole.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
member. sworn in.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having taken the chair, Mr. Scofield
reported that the Committee of'the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particu-
larly the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOAR. Since the passage of the bill
to remove political disabilities imposed by
the fouiteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution, the signature to which has just
been announced to us by message from the
President, I believe there is no objection to
the swearing in of Mr. Sion H. Rogers, a
member of the House from North Carolina.
I move that he be now sworn in. Thereby
the representation of the entire Union in this
House will be complete.
Mr. RANDALL. Happy event!
Mr. COX. After seven years.
Mr. STEVENSON. Was not Mr. Rogers
a member of Congress?
Mr. HOAR. I understand he was a mem-
ber of the Thirty-Third Congress.
The motion of Mr. Hoar was agreed to.
