1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
private individuals because it can be managed
more cheaply by private owners than under
Government supervision. Admitting this to
be true, (though the experience of every Gov-
ernnient in Europe proves thai it is not,) shall
it still remain in private hands? National
banltscoitld probably be managed more cheaply
for their stockholders if unrestrained by Fed-
eral supervision and Federal law. Valuable
mechatiical inventions might be obtained more
cheaply if unrestrained by statlites governing
patents. Schools could undoubtedly be founded
and conducted by private individuals for less
money than they cost the State. The postal
service Bright be administered for far less sums
by private corporations tban it has cost the
Federal Government. Bat it does so happen
in the philosophy of civil rule, and especially
of republican rule, that there are some prerog-
atives of Government which cannot and ought
not to be determined by the measure of dollars
and cents. One of the necessities of civilized
society is a stable currtency. Hence, in this
country, while private citizens own and manage
the national banks, the Government supervises
them. Mechanical inventions tend to increase
the facilities of commerce, and trade, and the
national wealth; bo the Government author-
izes =preiliiums to inventors. Education is the
basis and security of free government; so
schools are four.ded and maintained by the
State. Rapid means of intelligence seem to
quicken thought, promote education, stimu-
late commerce, and cement divers classes
into a homogeneous people; so the Govern-
ment plants the post office wherever upon the
frontier its citizens are bold enough to erect
their habitations. Last year only one of the
eleven Territories, the District of Columbia,
paid any surplus into the Federal Treasury on
account of postal service. Two States, Texas
and California, by reason of their extended
boundaries, cost the Government $437,018 and
$401,103, respectively, morethan they returned
in postal revenue for postal service. Only two
States, Delaware and Tennessee, in all the
South, and only two States in all the North-
west, Iowa and Illinois, pay a surplus to the
Treasury on postal account. In only thirteen
of the thirty-seven States of the Union is the
m^il service self-sustaining. Yet, because of
this fact, who would deprive the citizens of the
twenty-four remaining States of the benefits of
cheap postage ? it was the theory of our fa thers
in these Halls, and it ought to be our theory,
that the post office is the pioneer ally of the
School-house, the printing press, and the pulpit.
Now, suppose our legislative fathers had ap-
plied the arguments used in support of the
present telegraph system to the mail service
How many of the masses of the people could
have shared its benefits? When would we
have had cheap postage? To how many homes
would the magazine and the newspaper go ?
Upon how many hill-tops and in how many val-
leys would the common school be established ?
The telegraph office holds the same relation
to the educational interests of the people that
the post office does. Yet the telegraph office
is established only whete it seems to be the
pecuniary interest of its shareholders that it
should be established. This policy, in this
country of unexampled enterprise and pro-
gress in other respects, is a mockery of the
whole genias of our people.
Why should we be behind every other nation
in the World in utilizing to the utmost the great
invention of one of our own citizens? More
than thirty-five years ago he implored Con-
gress to adopt it and unite it with the postal
system. Now, when it. has overshadowed the
press, doling out its privileges and monopo-
lies to whatever journal or news association
or commercial agency it may please; now
when it has become a necessity of commerce;
now when its relation to the financial, polit-
ical, social, and industrial interests of the peo-
ple is inseparable, the necessity for the union
of these two branches of service are more
apparent than ever. How can it be accom-
plished? There are two modes, namely: one
of absolute purchase and ownership of lines
by the Government; the other of supervision
by the Government, and ownership and man-
agement of lines by individuals. The first is
liable to the objection of expense, the sum
of $50.000(000 probably being ntecessary to
effect the purchase, and the further objection
of increased patronage in the hands of the
Executive through the power of appointments.
The Senate committee to whom the subject
was referred hao reported a bill embodying
the second plan, one originated and advocated
by Gardiner G. Hubbard, of Massachusetts.
It asks no appropriation by Congress, but
proposes to place the telegraph service under
control of the Postmaster General, the rates
of charges for private telegrams and press
reports to be greatly reduced and regulated by
law. It proposes, in brief, to secure for the
American people, without the biirden of Gov-
ernment purchase, the benefits of cheap tele-
graphy as they are now enjoyed by the people
of every European country. That the rates
proposed are^ possible, may be shown, beyond
cavil, by reference to a report made by Gen-
eral Albert J. Mver, of the signal service, to
the Postmaster General, wherein it appears
that in July last a contract was executed by
certain telegraph companies for the execution
of the department business at the rate of one
cent per word for each circuit of two hundred
and fifty miles; making a saving to the Gov-
ernment, over rates paid now by the public,
and formerly paid by the Government, of
forty-five per cent, in the case of short mes-
sages, and seventy per cent, in the ease of
long messages. General Myer says this rate
was established aftera careful examination of
the actual cost of the service, and an addition
of thirty per cent, for profit.
The gentleman from Kentucky in his speech
the other day said the telegraph did not m the
remotest degree tend to develop the intellect
of the people; that it is used here by only the
one hundred and sixtieth part of the whole
population, by a class who, in ninety-nine cases
in a hundred, use it for the purposes of money-
making or speculation. Why is it not more
universally used? In European countries,
sixty per cent, of all the messages sent art
social messages, showing that the telegraph,
by the low rates of charges, is within the
reach of the masses of the people. Mr. Scuda-
more, in charge of the postal telegraph sys-
tem in England, says he has seen, since the
transfer of the lines to the post office, as many
as twelve columns of telegraphic news in lead-
ing provincial journals, when before there
would have been but a meager supply; and in
a local paper in Aberdeen he had seen several
columns of telegraph news, when, under the
old order of things, the same paper would
have been dependent on the London journals,
requiring thirty-six hours for the transmission.
But is it true that the telegraph m no man-
ner tends to develop the intellect of a people?
At the beginning of each day, what litera-
ture is most eagerly read? That of the daily
press. What portion of the daily journal is first
examined? Why the telegraphic portion, of
course, and not a line escapes the attention of
even the most casual reader. As between one
daily paper in Mew York, for instance, which
gives liberal allowances of telegraph news, and
another daily paper in the same city, of equal
merit in other respects, but giving no tele-
graph news, the former will have five thousand
readers where the latter has one reader. No
fact is better understood among journalists
than this, that attempting the publication of
a daily newspaper without telegraph reports,
would be like essaying to make oncks without
clay.
In.this country, of all others in the world,
we need the telegraph. Nowhere else is there
a nation so migratory. Look at your New Eng-
land homes! The old family roof may shelter
the father iitid mother, and a child caring tend-
erly for them, whil^the remainder of the house-
hold are helping to work out private fortunes
alld the problem of ehiipire in the valleys and
upon the moutltaih tops of the illimitable
West. Put the telegraph within reach of a
population thus Widely Separated, and in three
years seventy-five per cent, ctf its receipts will
be from sdcial messages.
Why, in Boston the telegraph and the post
office are now, and have been for two £fears,
partially United. Ill the main post office arid
its six branches there are telegraph offices
also, the Operators beirig swora clerks of the
post office, and it has proved a most profitable
divisibn bf labor and expense to both the tele-
graph companies and the Government, aiid if
the union could be extended under a broad
system of legal regulation by authority of Con-
gress, the people would in a short lime have
reason to wonder that its inauguration had
not bBBti sooner secured,
We have iri this country; £ts the foundation
of our free Government; systems of freg lands,
d free teligibn, frtee schools; a free press, a free
ballot  equal laws, and equal suffrage. We
have also a system of cheap postages and now
if, in additioh to all these; we can have a sys
tem of cheap telegraphy; so that the press and
the people may share its blessings, as they now
share the advantages of Cheap postage, toe will
have assuranctes of faithful Civil rule stronger
than penal codes, arid guaranteesforour people
ofhomogeneityand national liberty more potent
than naval armaments or standing armies.
POLYGAMOUS -MARRIAGES is UTAH.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, the
bill introduced by me upon the subject of
polygamy in Utah is in the words following ;
A bill to legalize polygamous marriages in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and to dismiss prosecutions in said
Territory on account'of such marriages.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United State* of America in Conr/re^it
usveiuOied, That all marriages heretofore solemnized
in the Territory of Utah, under and iu accordance
with the rules and regulations of the Church of
Christ or Latter-Day Saints, anil children born
under such marriages, be, and the same are hereby,
legalized.
Sec. 2. That all prosecutions how pending in any
of the courts of said Territory on accouot ot such
polygamous marriages be, :tnd the same are hereby,
dismissed; and the junsdiction of said courts over
such cases is hereby withdrawn ; and it is hereby
made theiiutyof such courts to dismis-iail such prose-
cutions which have or which hereafter may be insti-
tuted, by indictment or otherwise, m their courts,
respectively.
Sec. 3. That this act shall be in force from and
after its passage.
The legalization of polygamous marriages in
Utah, atid the offspring of such marriages,
as will be seen, is the object of the hill. 1'he
subject is not only a perplexing one to solve,
in consonance with the laws ot the land and
the prejudices of our people, but it is one of
vast importance, not only to the citizens of
the Umted States, but to those whom it more
directly affects. We must recognize the mar-
riages among the Mormon people as legal and
in harmony with the principles of republican
government, validate thetn, or else leave that
people to be prosecuted, fined, and impris-
oned in the penitentiary of Utah. Not until
recently have they been brought face to face
with the danger that surrounds them, and to
see the doom that awaits them. All of them
now see that the very foundation of society in
Utah is about to be broken up, and the most
serious consequences visited upon that people.
As this difficulty grows out of a misunderstand-
ing as to what constitutes fflftTriage, I propose
to first treat of that institution.
Marriage is said by some to be a natural
contract, or a contract in a state of nature; by
others a civil contract, and by'..thers an eccle-
siastical contract. For myself, I consider some
of those characteristics unmeaning and as
creating a distinction without a difference.
Under all those expressions or character-
istics it_ is but one and the same contract.
The distinction between marriage as an inati-
