1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
article. They are therefore not subject to the
reduction of ten per cent., on the ground that
theirsis an infant manufaeturewhich oughttobe
protected to the full extent of the present law.
But if you put on the free list flax, which is
raised in this country, you raise a controversy
which will, I think, react against the manu-
facturers of flax. The Senator's constituents
were satisfied with the bill "in this respect.
Mr. FRKHNGHUYSEN. I certainly do
not wish to insist upon any amendment con-
trary to the better judgment of the Commit-
tee on Finance; but this, 1 understand, is
flax adapted only to the manufacture of shoe
thread, which is not raised at all in this coun-
try ; and the value being fixed, the exemption
applying to flax worth more than twenly-two
cents a pound, that designates the flax which
is used for that article aloue. If in this in-
formation I am incorrect, and if this interferes
at all with the question in reference to flax used
for linen, I do not insist upon it; but I think
my information is correct.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is con-
fident in the statement he makes that this flax
is not and cannot be produced in this country,
I have no objection to its being put on the free
list; but I t bin k it is a very delicate subject,
and unless the Senator is perfectly clearinhis
facts I do not consent to the amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will only say
that I am so informed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont, who knows more about the
subject than I do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is per-
fectly obvious that if flax of this kind should
be introduced free, it would be a cause of
complaint wherever the flax culture is now
carried on in this country, because it would
be subjecting the article to an opportunity for
any amount of fraud. I should rather be dis-
inclined to favor ihe amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Jersey insist on tne amendment?
Mr. FLEL1NGTIUYSEN. No, sir; Ishould
be very sorry by any amendment which I should
offer to deprive the manufacturers of flax in
this country of proper protection, and if the
Committee on Finance think it would subjcct
other flax to coming in free, as I am in favor
of protection myself rather than of a free list,
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to add to the free list
" arsenate of aniline." I will state this is a
mixture of aniline oil with arsenic acid, both
of which are now on the free list. Aniline oil
is an extract not produced in this country.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless the Senator is
very well advised about this, I trust his amend-
ment will not be adopted, because the com-
mittee had agreed to put many of these com-
pounds upon the free list, but found that they
were manufactured in this country success-
fully, and that to put them on the free list
would be the destruction of industries that are
now successfully conducted. Arsenic in all
forms is on the free list; the raw material is
on the free list. This is probably a compound
of two or three different articles, and now
manufactured in this country.
Mr. SPENCER. I understand it is not
manufactured in this country, and the object
is for the purpose of shipping it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This subject
was considered in the committee, and it is one
of considerable difficulty. The article is man-
ufactured not only from asphaltnm, but it is
manufactured from coal-tar. They make ani-
line dyes ; and the committee after very care-
ful consideration left it in the tariff as they
thought it ought to be. I therefore trust that it
will not be disturbed by any new amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire also to offer an
amendment to the free list, on page _7, after
iine twenty-three,after the word "aniline," to
insert " quinine, sulphate of, and other salts
of quinine."
This may seem a very small matter to Sen-
ators : but I assure them it is not a small mat-
ter to the fever-stricken patients who live in
the malarious districts of the West and South.
The Peruvian bark, the bitter bark, is on the
free list, I am aware; but when manufactured
into the sulphate of quinine or the salts of
quinine, it is quite a different affair. The
commodity is in the hands of a monopoly, one
or two firms, 1 believe, in the city of Phila-
delphia, a city somewhat distinguished for
monopolies under the fostering care of protect-
ive tariff's. Two or three firms there monop-
olize this whole commodity, and compel every
patient to pay about one hundred and fifty per
cent, more for quinine for their benefit.
If I had time, I think I could give some
pretty conclusive reasons, and such as would
address themselves to the sense of justice and
humanity of every Senator on this floor. The
duty on "quinine, sulphate of," by the acts
of 1861 and 1862, was increased from fifteen
per cent, by gradual gradations, in the interest
of one or two firms only in this country, to
forty-five per cent, ad valorem, so that qui-
nine which "cost at the place of production
SI 82 gold, per ounce, the duty being forty-
five per cent., the wholesale price in currency
in New York was §2 55; the retail price $2 75,
and in New Orleans and in Chicago, in all the
West and in the Southwest, three dollars per
ounce.
One or two firms in the city of Philadephia
derive, more than one hundred and fifty per
cent., or nearly that, from fever-stricken pa-
tients in the malarious districts of the West
and Southwest, and put that profit in their
pockets. That is a pretty tolerable fair speci-
men of your protective tariff in fostering
monopolies; or, as my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] would say, in his characteristic
manner, it is " a specimen brick."
My attention has been called specially to this
matter, because I have received several letters
on the subject, and one very characteristic let-
ter from a patient in a hospital at New Or-
leans, talking about the price of quinine. When
I made inquiries, I ascertained that in 1848 or
1849 a French house was established, coming
over from Parisand located in New York, and
immediately these gentlemen in Philadelphia
ran a tilt with them and drove them out of the
country by putting down the price of quinine
more than one hundred per cent. ; but the mo-
ment these foreigners went away these monop-
olists came here and asked for an increase of
the tariff, and got it up, as I have told you,
from fifteen per cent, to forty-five per cent., so
that every patient has to pay that premium
into the pockets of these protectionists.
I say this is a specimen brick. I have
several more in reserve, though I am not so
very particular about them. 1 ask the com-
mittee how it happens that sulphate of quinine
has an ad valorem duty of forty-five per cent.
I would like to have that duty out.
Mr. SCOTT. Permit me to ask whether
quinine is not generally taken by the patient
with sugar? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG. It may be taken with
sugar. I know it is not as palatable without
sugar. Generally those people who take sugar
are in a state of convalescence, while those
who take quinine are suffering the agonies of
malarious fever, and I think that should cause
our sympathy. I hope that this amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sur-
prised to see my friend from Louisiana having
an attack of the ague here this morning.
[Laughter.] This article is manufactured
from various kinds of bark, calisaya, cin-
chona, Peruvian, and so on, and the article
is brought here as a raw material entirely
free, and the Senator from Louisiana or any-
body else may go into its manufacture. It is
not a difficult process. In addition to that,
California is making very successful attemcts
in the cultivation of the cinchona tree, and will
ere long, I take it, produce an article that will
cure my friend at an ordinary, common, cheap
rate. He will therefore, I trust, consider that
this is only a specimen brick" so far os the
protection of sugar is concerned, and will give
us the same kind of a vote as he does when
the question is raised as to sugar.
Mr. KELLOGG. One word in reply. My
friend says this article is manufactured from
two or three barks, and every one of those
barks is on the free list. My friend is a mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance, and I wish
him to explain how it happens that although
these barks, the component parts that enter
into the manufacture of quinine, are on the
free list, and there are but one or two firms
in Philadelphia manufacturing this article,
there is an ad valorem, tariff of forty-five per
cent, in gold upon it? I should like to have
him explain that if he can.
I propose to put quinine on the free list.
There is just about one million in gold of
quinine sold in this country, most of it manu-
factured by these firms, just because the pres-
ent duty amounts to a prohibition. When the
tariff was fifteen per cent, or less, almost all the
article was imported and brought into the
country, and then the fever-stricken patients
could purchase quinine at $1 25 or $1 30 an
ounce, for which they now pay $2 75 and
$3 an ounce. It is a very small matter to
the revenue, and a very small matter to the
immediate representatives of the country, the
Committee on Finance; but I implore the
Senate, in the name of common humanity,
to give to tfie fever-stricken patients of this
country quinine free.
As to sugar, that is quite another thing.
The revenue goes directly into the Treasury,
not like the revenue paid on manufactures in
England, as on woolens and carpets; and by
the way I propose to offer an amendment in
reference to carpets after awhile.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
doubt my friend will get over his ague fit by
to-morrow. In relation to this article, if there
is any considerable profit made on it, I am
very sure the chemists of Louisiana and of
other portions of the country will immediately
embark iu the business and reduce the price
of the article. I do not imagine that there
can be any valid argument against allowing
the raw material to be brought in free, for
that has a tendency to induce everybody to
embark in the business, provided there is any
profit in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana, to add quinine to the free list.
Mr. BLAIR called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aloorn, Blair, Caldwell, Clayton,
Davis of West Virginia,Hamilton of Maryland,Ham-
ilton ot Texas, Harlan, Hill, Kellogg, Kelly, Nor-
wood, Osborn, Poineroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wil-
son—22.
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conklmg,
Cooper, Corbett, Fenton, Ii'erry of Michigan, i're-
hnghuysen, G-ilbert, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermout, Patterson, Scott, Sherman,Sprague,
Stewart, and Wright—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
ierryof Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldtbwuite.HHch-
eoek, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye,
Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz. Stock-
ton, Xhurman, Tipton, Viekers, West, and Win-
dom—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs oti agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CORBEIT. I move to strike out the
fortieth line, " antimony, crude." The coin-
