200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business next thursday.
Mr. MA YNARD. I ask that the unanimous
consent of the House be given to fix Thursday
of this week for general debate only.
Mr. DAWES. If there are any considerable
number of members desiring to occupy the
time on next Thursday, by general debate 1
will not object; or if my distinguished friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] desires to
debate on that day, I will not object. But if
the purpose is to add one more day to the recess
of Congress it ought, not to be done. I think
the period assigned for the recess is already
longer than it ought to be. If the purpose is
to put an end to business on Wednesday even-
ing in this indirect way, and have the country
think we are here transacting business when in
fact we are not, I am opposed to the proposi-
tion. I hope, therefore, my friend from Ten-
nessee will indicate whether he desires to
occupy the time himself on that day.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thus far during this ses-
sion there has been no day assigned to general
debate; and gentlemen who have speeches
prepared will naturally wish to deliver them,
so that they can distribute them during the
holidays.
Mr. DAWES. Nobody, so far as I am aware,
has indicated any desire to occupy time in
general debare; and I inquire of my friend
whether he has any such desire.
Mr. MAYNARD. I, as the gentleman
knows, do not often make speeches; but as
the gentleman himself and other members of
the House do, it is very proper that a day
should be set apart for that purpose. I am
assured by gentlemen within the sound of my
voice that they wish to occupy the time in
debate, if it shall be accorded by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee asks unanimous consent that Thursday
of this week be devoted to debate only, and
that the House meet as in Committee of the
Whole on that day.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the order can only be made under a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to suspend the
rules so as to order that Thursday of this week
be devoted to debate only, and (hat, the House
shall mf'et as in Committee of the Whole.
On agreeing to the motion, there were—ayes
one hundred and four, noes not counted.
Mr. DAWES. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
aye0 24. noes 109; Jess than one lifth voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. DAWES. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion to suspend the rules for the
purpose stated, was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF GENERAL G. BALLOCH.
Mr. McNEELY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Retolvcd, That the Secretary o< U'yr ntul the Sec-
retary <*i the Treasury be, and they are hereby, re-
quested to inform this Houxo ni the circumstances
attending the suspension or mustering out of Brevet
Brigadier General George ~SV. Balloeh, ami of the
«teps taken in the examination and settlement of his
accounts, so far as the sarno wore brought to the
notice ol their respective Departments.
PUBLIC TYORKS, OSWEGO, NEW YORK.
Mr. LANSING-, byunanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
lletolved, Th.it the Secretary of War be directed
to rc'DOrt to this House at ail early day what exten-
sion ot the public works on the east side of the
mouth of t.he Oswes?o river, in the city of Oswego,
New York, is desirablo for the accommodation and
protection of the increasing commerce of that port.
exemption of steam tow-boats.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, pre*
sented the petition of underwriters, manufac-
turers, and merchants of Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, to exempt steam tow-boats on the
western rivers from certain restrictions and
regulations imposed upon passenger boats;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be.printed.
mrs. eunice c. adams.
Mr. SESSIONS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 769) granting a pension to Mrs. Eunice
C. Adams; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
homesteads.
Mr. SESSIONS also introduced a bill (IT.
R. No. 770) to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
m. a. thiers, president french republic,
Mr. HALDEMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House has witnessed with pro-
found regret the angry sevei itv with which the
Erench Government, of which At. A. Thiers is the
head, has pursued prisoners captured by it from the
government called "the Commune" in Paris.
Mr. PERCE. I obiect.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move that the rules
be suspended and the resolution passed.
Mr. HOAR. Is it in order to declare that
the House has " witnessed" events when we
were three thousand miles away?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I will amend the res-
olution so as to say "learned" instead of
l; witnessed."
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution ought to
have a substantiative amendment, for it is
doubtful whether M. A. Thiers did any such
thing.
The House divided : and there were—ayes
58, noes 60 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr Haldeman
and Mr. Perce as tellers.
Mr. COX. Allow me to amend by con-
demningthe Spanish Government for its abom-
inable murder of student boys in Cuba, and
other outrages.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not amendable.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
interrupt the division of the House, which is
of the 'highest privilege, as it concerns, the
whole House.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes (i5.
.Mr. HALDEMAN demanded the yeas anu
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 95, nays 86, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—ilessrs. Acker, Adams, Archer. Arthur,
Barnum, Barry, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton.
"Bnsrht, Benjamin K. Butler, B-orlerick K. Butler,
Caldwell,Campbell, Cobb, Cocrhhm, Coinin^o, Con-
ger, Conner. Cotton,Cox,Crebs,Crueller,I>ox,Duke,
Kldridge, iVrnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Gar-
rett, Getz, Ocolladiiy, (Griffith. Halderoan, Hancock,
Handley, llarpcr, John T. Harris. Hay ..Hereford,
Herndon, HibtjarU, Bolman, KiUinger, Xuig, Km-
sclln, Latnison,Leach. Lowe. Lynch, Hanson, liar-
shall. McClelland, JlcCormick, Metier, it , Jlclntyre,
McKinnev, McNcelj',Mercur. Benjamin F. Movers,
Morgan, Niblaek, Isaac O. Parke'-, Eli Perry, Piatt,
Porter, Price. Read, Edward Y.Bice. beofield. Pee-
lev, yheldon, Sherwood, Slater, Slos-, John A. ^muh,
R'ililtonSpeer.Spragne, Starkweather, Storm, Suth-
erland, Svphor,Terry. Tuthill.Yan Trump. Von-bees,
"Walfien, Warren, Wells, Wlntthorre.JchnT. Wilson,
Winchester, Vi ood, and Young—95.
SAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averui, Bar.ks, B.iibcr,
Beam, Boveridfre, Big-hy.Blugl'ari], J-uoes <1. v,
George 11. Brooks, Bufanton, Bnrchard Crosslar.d,
Dawes Bonnan, Duett, Eames, Elliott, Charles .tot-
ter, Brye, UarfleUl, Goodrich, Bale.George E. Harris,
Hawley, Gerry W.Hazleton, JohnW.HazIeton.Hoar,
Uooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Lamport, Lewis,
Maynard, Mctfrew, McJunkin, MeKee, Merriam,
Merrick, Monroe, Moore, Morphis. Leonard Myers,
Packard, Packer. Palmer, fciosea W. Parker, Peek,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.Perry, Poland, Prindle,
Rainey. John M. Kiee, Ritchie. Ellis II. Roberts,
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Shoemaker,
Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, "WorthinstonC. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Stowell, Taffe,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace. "Walls, Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Will.xrd, Williams of Indiana, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTIN G—JI essrs. Ames, Beck, Biggs, James
Brooks, Buckley Burden, Carroll. Clarke, Coburn,
Creely, Darrall, Davis, Do Large, Dickey, DuBose,
Dunnell, Edwards, ELv. Farwell, Itenry D. Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Halsey. Hambleton, Hanks,
Harmer, Havens, Hays, Hill, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, Lansing, MeCrary, Mitchell, Morey, Neg-
ley, Orr, Peters, Potter, Randall, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Shellabarger, Sbober,
Stevens, Steven^-on, Stougrhton, Strong, St. John,
Swann. Dwigut Townspnd, Twich ell.Vaughan, Wad-
dell, Whiteley, and Williams of New York—57.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the rules were not suspended, and
the resolution was not agreed to.
martyrs for civil liberty.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the following resolution passed,
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That whil e this House deems the conduct
of foreign Governments to hp heyond its jurisdiction,
it deeply sympathizes with ali efforts to establish
Fclf-government and republican institutions, and
with the families and friends of all persons who have
lost their lives either in the field or on the scaffold
or elsewhere in the cause of civil liberty.
Mr. COX. Everybody is for that. There is
no necessity for calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOAR. 1 wish to have the yeas and
nays.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes forty-two, more than
one fifth of the last vote.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think there is no need
for the yeas and nays. No one objects to the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Could I not move an amendment
to that in regard to the Spanish outrages?
The SPEAKER. Not under a motion to
suspend the rules.
The question recurred on suspending the
rules and agreeing to Mr. Hoar's resolution,
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken : and there were—
yeas 182, nays 0. not voting 5G : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler. Archer, Arthur,
Averlli. Banks. Earner. Barry, Beany, Bell, Bever-
id~e. Bighv, Bingham, Bird, -Tame? G. Blair. Brax-
ti>31. Brishr. Go-.rge M.Bxooks. Buckley, Buffinton,
Burcharcl, Burdoit, Kodcriek 11. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell, Clarke, Cobb. Coghlan. Coniingo. Con-
ger, Conner. Cotton, Cox.C<eb^, Critclier..Cro^siand,
1) Domuiii. DuBo^.Dueli,Duke, Emues,
l^lwirdf. Kluridge. Euuut, Ifinkeinbur^, Eorker,
Charles Foster. Prye. Garfield, Gurretr. Getz. Golla-
di>y. (joodrich. Gn&th. ILildeman. Hancock. Hand-
ley .liarpe.-, George E.Harn.s J vhj) X.Han is. Havens,
llawiey. Hay. John VT. Ilazlefon, Hereford. Hern-
don. Hibbard.Hoar,Holman,Kelley. Kellogg,Kerr.
Ketcham, KiUinger, King, Khisolh>. L im^un, Lam-4
port, Leach. Lewis'. Lowe, Lyn^h, Mansion. May-
nard. McClelland. McCormick, MeCrary. McGrew,
McHenry. Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKee, McKib-
ney, .McNeeiy, Mercur. Meiriam, Menick. Beoja-
ram F. Meyor.-i, Monroe, Moore. Moigan, Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Nesley. Nibiack, Orr, Packard,
Pucker.Palmer, Rosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck. Pendleton, Perc<\ Aaron F. Perry. Eli Perry.
Piatt. Poland. Porter. Price. Hainey, Head, Edward
Y. Kiee, John M. Kiee. Ritfine. Ehi- H. Roberts,
llogers, lawyer. v>co1ieid, tfeeicy,
Sherwoo-1, Shooer. Shoo maker. Sla' er, Slocum, Sio^s.
H. Boardman Smith, J ohn A. Smith, Wouhington 0.
Smith, Snapp. Snyder, li. Milton Speer. Tnomas J.
Speer. i>pi .icrue. Starkweather, Steven". Sceveu^on.
Storm. Stoughtoa, Suroerl.md, Swrmn, Syph«r,
XaS'e, Terrv, Thomas. "Washington Tovrnscnd. Tur-
ner, TuthiH. Twtchell. Tym-r. Up'on. Van Trump,
Voorhccs, Waddcil, Wakeman. Waldron.,"Wallace,
Wrrren, V^a^hbairi. WjIK \Viictjur,
Wiiiitho*'nc, 'lereiiii 21. WiL-ou. John T. TV mon,
"Wood, and Young—1S2.
NAYS—0.
NUT YuTI^G-Me^rs. Adams, Ames, Barnum,
Beck. Au*tm Blair,James Brook?, Benjamin
Butler. Carroll, Coburn. .Creely, Darr«.U, Be-
Large, Dickey, Box,Dunnell, Ely, Farnsworth,lar*
