1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
well, Henry D. Foster, Wilder 3>. Poster, Hale, Hal-
sey, Hambleton, Hanks. Harmer, Hays, Gerry \Y.
Hazleton, Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kendall. Lan-
sing, Marshall, Mitchell, Morey, Peters, Potter,
Prindle, Knndall, William R. "Roberts, Robinson.
Kooseyelt, Husk, Sessions, Shellabarger, Stowell,
Strong, St. John.Liwitrhtlownsend, Vaughan, "Wal-
den, Walh, Wiilard, Williams of Indiana, and "Wil-
liams of Sew York—5G,
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SHANKS said: I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Coburx, is confined to his
room by sickness. If here he would have
voted "ay."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
repeal of income tax, etc.
Mr. IiELLOGG. I offer the following reso-
lution, and I hope there will be no objection
to its present consideration.
The Clerk read as follows:
Reeolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo requested to report a bill for the consideration
of this House as early in January next aa practica-
ble for the immediate repeal of the provisions for
the collection of the income tax, and for tbe repeal
of other internal revenue taxes, exccpt on liquors,
cigars, and tobacco, in their various forms, and
stamps.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for the considera-
tion of the resolution now, and bopo there will
bo no objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KELLOGG. Agreeing to this resolu-
tion does not compel any one to vote in favor
of the bill which may be reported. It is sim-
ply an expression of opinion that at any rate
we should have an opportunity of getting at
these matters.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kel-
logg] to the fact that 
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to suspend the
rules and pass the resolution.
Mr. DAWES- I wish simply to call atten-
tion to the fact that, without giving the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means any time to con-
sider the matter, he proposes to instruct them
to report a bill repealing the income tax and
other internal revenue taxes, but leaving all
the stamp taxes.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will strike out all of the
resolution after the words "income tax."
Mr. COX. Is this question open to debate?
If it is, I would say that I wish the gentleman
would introduce at once a bill repealing the
income tax, and have it passed instead of this
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will per-
mit the resolution to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. H0LJ1 AN. I call for the yeas and nays
011 the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COX. If debate is in order I wish to
say that 1 want the bill itself to vote for it.
Mr. SPEEK, of Georgia. 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 122, noes 34.
Mr. PERCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 70, not voting
49 : as follows:
YEAti — Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Averill, Bigby,
Ausrm Blair. Braxton. Bright, Buckley. BuffiiHon,
Burchard, Oobb, Coghian. Crebs, Critcher, Cross-
land, On y'l-'. Dawes, Donnan, Do.\,DnBo?e. Edvvai J -.
Eldndire, I'arnsworth, Finkeinburs, llenry D. Fos-
ter, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Hale, Han-
cock, Handles', Hanks, Harper. Hawley, Hay, <>,:rry
Vi. Hazleton. Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, lioar.
liohuaa. Houghton, Kinsr, Lamport.Leacii, L^wis,
Lowe, Manson, JIar*h..lI. Maynard, McComuck,
McCrary, McGn w, Mc-iienry, Mclntyre, McJuii-
km. Alciviimey, JIcNecly, Alemam, Merrick. .Mon-
roe, >i organ. !Nib!a.ek, Orr, Pucker, HosoaW. Parker,
iji Perry. Peters, Price, 11.03(1, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Sice, Ellis II. Roberts, Bokci-s, Soeley,
Shanks. Sheldon, Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, John A.Smith, Worthington C.Smith, Snapp,
Thomas J. Speer, Spratcue, Stevens, Stowell, Suth-
erland, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Thomas, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tvner, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace, Warren, Whiteley,
Whitthorne, Wiilard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—110.
NAYS —Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Banks, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Bingham, Bird, James G.
Blair, George M. Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin P.But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Comingo,
Conger, Conner, Cox, I)ucll, Enmes, Elliott, Charles
Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Griffith, George E. Harris.
John T. Harris, Havens, John W. Hazleton, Hooper,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Ivinsella,
Lamison, Lansing,Lynch, McClelland, McKee. Mer-
eur, Benjamin I". Meyers, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Packard, Pal mer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,Pen-
dleton, Perce, Aaron P. Perry. Piatt, Porter, Prindle,
Rainey, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sherwood, Slater. Snyder, R. Milton Speer,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Tuthill,
Upson, Wakeman. Walden, Waldron, Wheeler, and
John T. Wilson—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Beck, Bell,
Beveridge, Biggs, James Brooks, Carroll, Co burn,
Cotton, Creely, DnrraJI, Do Large, Dickey, Duke.
Bunnell, Ely, Farwell, Porker, Wilder D. Foster,
Holdon]an. Halsey. Hambleton, Harmer, Hays, Hill,
Kendall, Mitchell, Moore, Moray, Poland, Potter,
Randall. Robinson, Roosevelt, Sessions, Shelia-
barger, Shober, Sloeum. Strong, St. John, Svpher,
Dwight Townsend, Vaughan, Walls, Washburn,
Wells, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of New
Y ork—49.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
On the completion of the roll-call, and before
the result of the vote was announced, the fol-
lowing proceedings took place:
right ok' sufi'kage.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
*771) declaratory of the right of suffrage; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
import duties.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to present the memorial of tbe Industrial
League of Pennsylvania; and I ask that it be
printed in tbe Globe.
There waano objection, and it was so ordered.
The memorial is as follows :
To flic beanie and House of Representatives of the
United States of America tn Conpress assembled:
This memorial of the Industrial League respect-
fully showeth:
That we have been apprised by the newspapers
and by common report of a purpose upon the part
of certain persons, under the pretense of revenue
reform, to urge your enacting a general reduction in
tho rates of import duty upon manufactured goods :
That, though not wishing to attach undue import-
ance to the efforts of persons, wno, so tar as we
know, have little stake in the prosperity of our vast"
system of internal industry, and whose views, while
purporting to be guided by regard for American in-
terests, suspiciously resemble those of foreign man-
ufacturers, we yet feel that silence upon our part
might be construed by you as indifference, and be
claimed by our adversaries as acquiescence.
We therefore submit to you some of tho convic-
tions which have been established in the minds of
ourselves and our constituents by the practical man-
agement of large manuiacturingconcerns, involving
daily intercourse with all classes of our fellow-citi-
zens, and constant exposure to the assaults of for-
eign mouufacturers and traders, whose only aim is
to draw profit from this country to their own.
We perceive that nil tbe internal material inter-
ests of this nation are now thriving with a steady,
temperate growth and prosperity which have en-
abled il to bear up under the adverse circumstances
of the last ten years, and to make, since the war.
constant advances toward industrial and financial
independence: a condition of things justly gratity-
ing to all lovers of this country.
We know that this prosperity is greatly due to the
svstem of tariff protection which has existed since
1301, for we have teen in this short interval new in-
dustries created here or transplanted from Europe,
old industries invigorated and oxtended, and busy
communities ri«e or expand, wherein farmers, arti-
kius, and middlemen of every cla=s r-haro the gen-
eral thrift growing out of the mutually helpful ac-
tivity of all. The contra-^between this period and
those others when ourtariff arrangements were such
a.-< to clog home industry and open our markets to
llie foreign trader clearly shows that this mutually
beneficial interaction of all the members of society \
is mote pei feet when the interchange of service, j
which forms cocietary circulation, completes itself !
wiihm uiir own limits and does not have-its circuit j
stretched into distant and perhaps ho&tile countries, i
which retain 1'or its own gain much of its strength, i
and whose interest or necessity may, at any time, i
cause them to check or break tiie flow, thus throw- !
ing u^ into confusion and disaster. j
Since much outcry is made over the theory that j
import duties upon foreign goods are onerous taxes
upon home consumers, we here deny that theory in 1
toto, and affirm that only by abundant home produc-
tion can home consumers be suitably and. cheaply
supplied, which home production requires for its
growth the protection of tariff duties on competing
foreign products, Two recent and typical examples
of the effect of tariff legislation are afforded:
first, by the existence 'if import duty on steel rails
sufficient to induce Americans to stake the largo
amc>unts of money and toil needed to undertake
their production here; and secondly,bylast winter's
reduction of duty on pig iron from nine dollars to
seven dollars per ton.
In the first of those cases, the price of steel rails
has greatly declined since the manufacture of them
commenced here, and there is now a certain prospect
that the continuance of the existing duty will cause
their manufacture to be extended until home pro-
duction and competition shall enable our railroads
to be fully and cheaply equipped with steel rails, a
result which could not be hoped for so long as we^
depended upon the product ot foreign rail-mills, even
should the same be admitted free of duty.
In the sccond case, the reduction of duty on pig
iron was instantly followed by a rise abroad in the
price of those sorts which found their market here,
to the extent of the decrease in duty, that decrease
being thus of no advantage to buyers here, but a
simple gratuity to the foreigner at the expense of
the Treasury. The reduction of duty way also fol-
lowed at first by a fall in the price of domestic pig
iron, which fall prevented the erection of new
furnaces that are constantly needed to supply the
growing wants of the country. A scarcity of domestic
pig iron resulted, the price consequently rose, and
though now higher than before the tariff reduction,
is still rising because of the insufficient supply.
We are satisfied that the Treasury can well afford
to dispense with large amounts of revenue, and that
souncf policy roquires such diminution of its receipts.
While we do not conccive ourselves called upon to
offer you a detailed schedule of the precise changes
we should wish to see made in the internal revenue
and tariff laws, we respectfully submit the following
a? the general policy which appears to us expedient,
namely:
1. Abolition of the entire system of internal reve-
nue. except those taxes which :ire usually classed as
excise. Shouldso complete an abandonment oi estab-
lished sources of income be deemed premature, we
would yet urge the largest possible curtailment of
internal revenue. That the income tax is already
doomed to speedy discontinuance we consider most
fortunate, its extinction having been very generally
denianded upon unanswerable grounds aintv tho
exigencies which seemed to render it justifiable
ceased to exist.
2. Abolition of the import duties upon tea and
coffee, which duties now constitute the heaviest ex-
action made by the (general (rovernment upon the
labor of the people; also, a,very circumspect exten-
sion of the free list, in such manner as to admit free
of duty those raw materials and goods which are
not produced here, while care:ully avoiding injury
to any domestic indu^ro. We are clearly of opinion
that the levying of import duty upon necessaries of
life which our climate does not permit us to produce,
and the prices of which are fixed in foreign coun-
tries, constitutes an unmitigated tax upon all who
consume those articles; the effect upon consumers
here of such duties being totally different from that
of duties upon articles which are produced or can
be produced here.
3. Wo submit to you our most, settled conviction
that nothing but evil could result to the country at
large from any general reduction in the tariff rates
upon manufactuied goods. Though we should be
glad to see the entn-e body of tariff legislation
digested and enacted anew in a single code, as simple
as the nature of tho case would permit, and though
in tho event of such a codification wo should have
divers changes to suggest, we believe that any at-
tempt toward a general revision of t&e tariff laws at
this time would entail upon Congress much fruitless
toil while introducing a disturbing element into the
business of the country.
All our great and multifarious industries having
learned by the experience of a decade that stendfast
protection to home labor is the settled policy of the
dominant political party, (whose strength is in great
part owing to the popular conviction of its reliability
upon this point.) are everywhere sending out new
roots and new branches; tho whole complex organ-
ism thus developing itself, and expanding with a
solid and symmetrical growth.
Anything tending to shake the general faith in
the stability of this policy could not fail to hamper
our people in theirindustrial competition with <. ther
nations for the possession of tho«e va^t domestic
markets which are yet enjoyed by furei:Tner>, to the
extent shown by our enormous impnrta nous, and to
cripple the spiritof enterprise, whose legitimate
aim it is to supply in the m#;>t pien iuui. and econom-
ical manner those prodigious demands.
iNrow that we lrave a lairiy good and reasonable
tariff system, the con<~,iLu> is of whioh are sjer.crally
under>tood, and to which all tho varied activities
of the country have conformed thermiclves, stability
is the thing mot lu'edeu.
No sweeping reduction in trriff rate should be
made, no matter how moderate, nor should any
special reduction be mu'U: without the clearest proof
of its expediency.
We ask you pavticuhtrly ro observe mpt hi sub
milting to you tnis expression of our s'tried judg-
ment we do not speak to you uz a handful ol' employ-
ers aiming for personal emolument. Our p<-drion,
not merely as employers, but as officers of the Indus-
trial League, gives us exccpt lonaiiaciliticsfcr know-
ing the needs and desires of the multitudes of self-
