1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3785
The Clerk read as follows:
Miscellaneous objects:
To provide for tha payment of horses ana other
property lost or destroyed in the military service of
the United States, $100,000.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I move to
amend by inserting after the paragraph just
read the following:
Provided, That^aid appropriation shall be avail-
able for the payticnt of claims from the date of the
passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERCE. I move to further amend by
inserting the following :
In the settlement of judgments by the Court of
Claims or the Supreme Court of the United fetates
heretofore or hereafter to be rendered for captured
or abandoned cotton, or in settlements for cotton
sowed after Juno 30,1865, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby directed to pay such judgments or the
amounts ascertained upon such settlements in full,
without deduction on account of internal revenuo
tax on cotton.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that that proposes to change existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PERCE. Will the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] before he insists
upon his point of order, permit me to read
the existing law, to show that this does not
change it?
Mr. SARGENT. If it does not change the
existing law, then there is no necessity for the
amendment.
Me. PERCE. I will state my reason for
desiring to offer this amendment. The law
provides that cotton sold by or on account of
the Government shall be exempt from duty ;
but by an arbitrary ruling of the Secretary of
the Treasury he retains upon the settlement
of a judgment of the Court of Claims two
cents per pound on the cotton for which judg-
ment is rendered, giving to the claimant a cer-
tificate, that he may go to the Supreme Court
aud have the question decided.
Mr. SARGENT. Cotton that had never
been seized would also have to pay this duty;
so I do not see the point of the gentleman's
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] appeal from the
decision of the Chair ?
Mr. PERCE. What was the decision?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. PERCE. I move, then, to strike oitt
the paragraph in order that I may say that
when this paragraph shall come up in the
House I shall move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of adopting the amendment I
have sought to offer.
The Clerk read as follows :
Military convicts at State penitentiaries: for pay-
ment of costs and charges of State penitentiaries tor
the care, clothing, maintenance, and medical at-
tendance of United States military convicts confined
in them, $65,000.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing:
To provide for the payment to Bonn Pitman for a
transcript of his phonographic copy of the record
and proceedings of the court of inquiry in relation
to the conduct of General D. C. Buell, while in com-
mand of the army in Kentucky, and Tennessee, the
sum of $1,200.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that in order?
Mr. COBURN. I desire to say a word upon
this amendment. It is a provision to pay 
Mr. MAYNARD. I make a point of order.
Several Members. Oh, that is all right.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, it has been
found that the record of the Buell court-mar-
tial, which was deposited in the War Depart-
ment, has been lost; and the Committee on
Military Affairs have been making an investi-
gation of the matter. We have been unable
to find that record ; but the committee have
learned from Mr. Benn Pitman, who was a
witness before us, aud who was the official
reporter of the court, that he has the complete
phonographic notes of the inquiry. A bill
was passed by the House the other day to employ
him to make a transcript of those notes to be
deposited in the War Department.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the amendment will be considered as
adopted.
Mr. COBURN. Before the qaestion is taken
I wish to say a word to correct a false impres-
sion that has gone out. The question was
raised before the committee whether we should
go into the hearing of verbal testimony as to
the contents of that record ; and in relation to
that question there was some controversy in
the committee. When that question arose I
took the position that we should not admit
verbal testimony of the contents of that record
until further inquiry ; and because of my ac-
tion upon that point a hired slanderer, of the
New York Tribune, has said that I was opposed
to the admission of the testimony of Mr. Benn
Pitman, who was the reporter of the court in
that case.
That there may be no mistake in this mat-
ter I quote a portion of the letter of the cor-
respondent of the Tribune showing the nature
of this charge:
"Mr. Co burn stated that the oommittee had been
unable to ascertain who had abstracted the records
from the Department. He said that the reports
which had been published that the committee showed
a desire to prevent a full investigation were _ to-
tally. absolutely, and utterly without foundation,
and that the committee had tried to ascertain the
truth, tho whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
The reports that Mr. Coburn alluded to, it will
be remembered, did not relate to the committee as
a whole or to a majority of it, but chiefly to the
obairman, who, it has been stated without contra-
diction, strongly opposed any action that would re-
sult in ascertaining the contents of tho lost rccord,
or in supplying its place with a true copy, and voted
against sending for Mr. Pitman as a witness."
This statement is utterly and absolutely
false. That hired slanderer has said that
I was compelled by a vote of the committee
to send for Mr. Pitman. 1 hat is false. There
was no vote in the committee upon that sub-
ject ; but immediately upon finding out that
Mr. Pitman had possession of those pho-
nographic notes I sent for him without a
request from anybody, without a vote of the
committee, without any action in the commit-
tee. I wish now to brand again as utterly and
abominably false the report of a man who
occupies a seat in the gallery of this House,
having once been a clerk of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
I have made no personal explanation about
this matter, although from day to day during
this examination falsehoods like this concern-
ing theaction of the commit,teehave been circu-
lated. The only object I have now in making
this statement in connection with the amend-
ment I have offered is to show that the com-
mittee as well as myself have been uniformly
in favor of getting the truth, and the whole
truth, and now, in good faith, desire to supply
the records best they can.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Why was
the clerk of the committee discharged?
Mr. COBURN. I do not know that that is
a oroper qaestion. But I will answer it. He
was dischargrd for various reasons. He was
discharged, for one reason, because he was not
in harmony with the majority of the committee.
He was discharged for other reasons not as-
signed at that time, and good reasons which I
will give. He was a poor clerk. He kept no
records of the committee. He kept no minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I iise to a point of order.
Mr. COBURN. I hope not, but that the
gentleman will permit me to go on with my
explanation.
Mr. MAYNARD. My question of order is
this: I do not think the committees of the House
ought, in this indirect method, to give to the
House the reasons which have influenced them
in taking what they deemed to be a proper
course of action.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman's point of
order eomes too late.
Mr. COBURN. No minutes were kept of
the proceedings of the Committee on Military
Affairs by their clerk. There is not in the
possession of that committee during all the
time he was clerk any minutes or journal of
what was done; not the copy of a single
letter written by order of the committee or its
chairman, not one.
Mr. ELY. He has been employed by that
committee eight years.
Mr. BROOKS. Why did you not find that
out before?
Mr. COBURN. I did find it outand toler-
ated him patiently.
But Mr. Greeley has no right to complain.
He, through the New York Tribune, long be-
fore, or some days before bis nomination, in-
sulted the committee by a threat thatwe should
give the Buell court of inquiry matter a thorough
investigation or suffer severely for the neglect;
and I regarded this as a wanton and gratuitous
insult coming from his employer before the
committee had time to do anything whatever.
Again he says that I have violated the prin-
ciples of civil service reform, in that I dis-
charged an old and faithful clerk for mere
political reasdns.
But, that I may not do Mr. Greeley injustice,
I will quote his article of the 8th of May:
"Reforming the Civil Service.—Mr. E. V. Stnalley,
formerly an Ohio journalist, has been for nearly
seven years the clerk of the Military Committee, of
the House of Representatives. During a vacation
of Congress, a year and a half ago,_ he was engaged
to furnish some correspondence for tho Tribune
from the South. The work was so satisfactory that
we gladly availod ourselves, on his return to Wash-
ington, of whatever service his official duties left
him time to render, and would at any time have
welcomed more. General John CoBUH!f,of Indiana,
the chairman of the Military Committee, has now
done us a favor by releasing Mr. Stnalley from his
official duties, for the assigned reason that the
editor of the Tribune was nominated by the Cin-
cinnati convention. The Tribune tenders General
Cobtjkn thanks. Wo can pay Mr. Smalloy a better
salary than Congress did, and we shall have the ben-
efit of his full time, which we have all along wanted.
So far, therefore, as private interests are concerned,
we have every reason for welcoming, not one for re-
gretting, General Coburn's action. In what we have
to add of the iightit sheds on the professed devotion
of.the Administration to civil service reform wo
shall speak without the least personal feeling, and
without the least personal interest. But these are
matters for the public to consider. On what possi-
ble grounds can General Cobukn or his friendsjust-
ify to themselves so gross a violation of the prin-
ciples they have all this winter pretended to favor I
Forteven years this gentleman has fulfilled without
blame the duties of clerk to an important commit-
tee. He is better fitted to perform them now than
ever before by his added maturity and experience.
He is dismissed, illegally let it be observed, by Mr.
CoBuitft for a reason too whimsical to be seriously
considered—because the editor of this paper has
been nominated for a high public office. It is not
Mr. Smalley's connection with this paper which is
objected to; that has continued more than a year
with tho full knowledge of the committee. This
valuable and irreproachable employ^ is dismissed
without a word of warning, simply because a con-
vention of citizens have made a nomination which
is not agreeable to Mr. Coburn."
Here is the distinct charge that I have dis-
missed a good and experienced clerk for polit-
ical reasons purely. What are the facts ? The
clerk did not do his duties, but had employed
for that purpose a youth, his brother-in-law, I
believe, Mr. St. Clair, a good young man, but
without experience asacommittee clerk, to do
the general duties of the office. For this tha
clerk, Mr. Smalley, paid him two dollars a day
out of his pay of six dollars a day. The only
person I miss in the committee-room as a
working man is this young gentleman ; not
the experienced, well qualified, capable, and
faithful clerk I appointed.
Now, if it be according to the new testa-
ment of civil service of Mr. Greeley to substitute
youth and inexperience poorly paid for com-
petency and experience, let it be so under-
stood, and let the country know it. I want
none of it. If a good clerk be appointed, a
good clerk should do the duties; What De-
partment of the Government would tolerate
this thing? Who ought to do it?
Mr. MAYNARD. How is that?
Mr. COBURN. The young man named was
