1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2889
names of the number of Representatives to
which the State is entitled under the new
apportionment.
The SPEAKER. The motion has already
been ameuded by providing that the names
shall be under the new apportionment.
Mr. CONGER. They shall be from the
States and Territories and not from the dis-
tricts.
Mr. Conger's motion, as amended, was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
upon the motion to refer to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs with these instructions, with
the right to report back at'any time.
Mr. COGHLAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Will the committee be lim-
ited to these instructions, or can they amend
the bill in other respects?
The SPEAKER. They can amend it in all
other respects, except where the instructions
apply-
The bill was referred with the instructions
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with
leave to report at any time.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred to the com-
mittee, with leave to report at any time; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
texas and pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. Pursuant to notice given
on Friday last, I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking from the Speaker's table
and bringing before the consideration of the
House the bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid
in the construction of its road, and for other
purposes," approved March 2,1871. To save
the time of the House, I suggest that the Sen-
ate bill as printed on my motion, with the Sen-
ate amendments offered by the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, be read in lieu of the
engrossed bill of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
this course will be taken.
The bill was read, as follows, the amend-
ments of the committee being printed in
italics:
Be it enacted, &c„ That the name, style, and title
of the Texas Pacific Railroad Company shall here-
after be*' the Texas and Pacific Railway Company
and the said the Texas and Pacific Railway Com-
pany shall have, possess, and enjoy all the rights,
privilege.-, and franchises heretofore conferred upon
the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company.
Sec. 2. That the said the Texas and Pacific Rail-
way Company shall have power and authority to
issue the construction and land bonds authorized by
the eleventh section of said act of incorporation for
such amounts, not exceeding $40,000 per mile of said
road of construction bonds, as said company may
deem needful to provide for the construction and
equipment of its line, and to include in the mort-
gage or mortgages to secure said construction bonds
all or any portion of the lands granted m aid of the
construction of said railroad; and in the mortgage
or mortgages to secure said land bonds any portion
of said lands not so used to secure the construction
bonds aforesaid; and all or any portion of the lands
acquired by the terms of consolidation lawfully
authorized by the fourth section of said act of March
3,1871, with any railroad company or companies to
"whom grants of lands may have been made (or may
hereafter be made) by any congressional, State, or
territorial authority, or who may have purchased
the same previous to any such arrangement or con-
solidation, and within the time limited for the com-
pletion of the road, and all such lands of every
description shall be subject to all limitations and
conditions now by law existing in relation thereto
and as modified by this act; and this act shall not
be construed to revive, enlarge, extend, or create
any land grant whatever beyond that heretofore
granted by Congress, and which shall only inure to
said company upon compliance icith the terms of this
act in relation to the times fixed for completion of said
railway, and all such mortgages shall be subject to
all the conditions and limitations by law existing
under this act and the acts to whichit is supplementary
in respect to such lands, and shall not bo held to
vest any title in the mortgage or create any lien
on buch lands, other than such company is or may
become lawfully entitled-to vest or crcatc thereun-
der; but the amount of said land bonds shall not
exceed $2 50 per acre for all lands covered by the
mortgage or mortgages securing the same.
Sec. 3. That all the mortgages made and executed
by said railroad company shall be filed and recorded
in the Department of the Iuterior, which shall be a
sufficient evidence of their legal execution : Pro-
vided, That the aforesaid bonds and the authorized
capital stock, or the proceeds thereof, shall be ap-
plied only for the purpose of securing the construc-
tion, operation, and equipmentof the contemplated
railroad line, under lawful contracts with such par-
tics, and on such terms and conditions, as said com-
pany may deem needful, and for the further purpose
o-f purchase, consolidation, completion, equipment,
and operating of the other roads, as contemplated
by said act and specified therein, being a part of the
aforesaid railroad line, and for the expenses neces-
sary and incident to the works authorized thereby:
Provided, however, Thatsaid road and itsequipment
shall be of the standard heretofore required by the
United States Government for the existing Pacific
railway lines: And-provided further, Thatsaid mort-
gage or mortgages shall in no wise impair or affect
any lien existing on the property of said company
or companies at or before the time of such consolida-
tion.
Sec. 4. That said road shall be constructed of iron
or steel rails manufactured of American ore, except
such as may have been contracted lor betore con-
solidation by any railroad company which may be
purchased by, or consolidated with, this company.
Sec. 5. That the said Texas and Pacific Railway
Company shall commence the construction of its
road at or near Marshall, Texas, and proceed with
its construction, under the original act and this
supplement, or in pursuance ot the authority de-
rived from any consolidation as aforesaid, westerly
from a point near Marshall, and toward San Diego,
in the State of California, on the line authorized by
the original act, and so prosecute the same as to
have at least one hundred consecutive miles of rail-
road from said point complete and in running order
within two years after the passage of this act; and
so continue to construct, each year thereafter, a
sufficient number of miles, not less than one hun-
dred, to secure the completion of the whole line,
from the aforesaid point on the eastern boundary
of the State of Texas to the boy of San Diego, in the
State of California, as aforesaid, within ten years
atter the passage of this act; and said road from
Marshall, Texas, throughout the length thereof,
shall be of uniform gauge; Provided, however, That
the said company shall commence the construction
of said road from San Diego eastward within oue
year from the passage of this act, and construct not
lens than ten miles before the expiration of second
year, and, after the second year, not less than twen-
ty-five miles per annum in continuous line there-
after between San Diego and the Coloradoriver until
the junction is formed with the line from the east at
the latter point or east thereof; and upon failure to
so complete it, Congress may adopt such measures
as it may deem necessary and proper to secure its
speedy completion; and it shall also be lawful for
said company to commence and prosecute the con-
struction of its line from any other point or points
on its line; but nothing in this act contained shall
be so construed as to authorize the grant of any
additional lands or subsidy, of any nature or kind
whatsoever, on the part of the Government of the
United States: Provided, That said Texas and Pa-
cific Railroad Company shall be, and it is hereby,
authorized and required to construct, maiatain, con-
trol, and operate a road between Marshall, Texas,
and Shreveport, Louisiana, or control and operate
any existing road between said points, of the same
gauge as the said Texas and Pacific railroad; and
that a'l roads terminating at Shrevepoic shall have
the right to make the same running connections,
and shall be entitled to tho sarno privileges, for the
transaction of business in connection with the said
Texas and Pacific railway, as are granted to roads
intersecting therewith: Provided further, That
nothing herein shall be construed as changing the
terminus of said Texas and Pacific railway from
Marshall as provided in the original act.
SfcC. 6. That all acts or parts of acts inconsistent
with this supplement be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire that the printed
bill, as now read, shall be considered as offered
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad as
a substitute for the Senate bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the better course
would be to act on the amendments. They
are very brief.
Mr. WHEELER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill is to be opened
for amendment and reasonable consideration,
I have no objection to the gentleman's motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] suggests that the bill be
opened for amendment and consideration.
The question being on suspending the rules
and bringing the bill before the House for con-
sideration, it was agreed to, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] wish that the question
shall be taken on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad separately or as
a whole?
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the question
be taken on the amendments separately. I
object to the amendment in line twenty-three,
section.two, "and as modified by these acts."
I do not understand the effect of that amend-
ment. I hope the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] will explain what it does mean.
Mr. WHEELER. Gentlemen who followed
the reading of the bill will have seen that it is
an act supplementary to an act passed by last
Congress to incorporate the Texas Pacifie
Railroad Company. The first section simply
changes the name of the company, making it
u The Texas and Pacific Railway Company."
The second section is in respect to the issu-
ance of the bonds. The former act provided
that the construction bonds should be secured
by mortgage only on the construction and the
road. This section permits the company to
use so much of the lands as they may have
received, or may receive under the act of the
former Congress, as maybe necessary to secure
the bonds and the balance of the lands, and
such other lands as they may receive from cor-
porations with which they have a right to con-
solidate, may be held subject to limitations
now existing by law ; and the words " as modi-
fied by this act" are simply intended to make
this section harmonize with the section in the
original bill by suitable qualifying words.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man-] will see, if he followed the reading of the
bill, that nothing can inure to the benefit of
the company under this section that did not
inure in the former bill. And I assure him
that no new land grants or subsidies are
intended to be given by this act
Mr. WILLAliD. I desire to know what the
force is of the amendment inserted in the fifth
line of section two.
The amendment to the second section was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad was to insert after the
word u whatever," in Une twenty-five of the
printed bill, the following :
Beyond that heretofore granted by Congress, and
which shall only inure to said company upon com-
pliance with the terms of this act m relation to the
times fixed for completion of said railway.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to know what
the force is of that amendment. I suppose
there is nothing in this act which revives,
enlarges, or extends any grant heretofore
granted by Congress which has lapsed.
Mr. WHEELER. A road with which this
has consolidated has received a grant of lands
from the State of Texas.
Mr. WILLARD. Then this does not revive,
enlarge, extend, or create any new land grant ?
Mr. WHEELER. Not at all.
Mr. WILLARD. Then it seems to me
that the language is unfortunately selected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I still insist that these
words be inserted in this amendment, after
the words "this act," in line twenty-seven of
the printed bill, u and the act to which this is
an amendment."
Mr. WHEELER. If that amendment has
the effect to limit the time for the completion
of the railway 1 do not wish to admit it.
Mr. SYPHER. I will remark to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that if he has reference
to the time within which the road shall be
completed, the chairman does not desire to
admit the amendment for the reason that the
time fixed in the original bill was fifty miles
from the eastern and fifty miles from the west-
ern terminus in a year. This bill proposes
that the road shall be constructed at the rate
of one hundred miles a year from the eastern
terminus and of ten miles from the western
terminus the first year, and twenty-five miles
a year thereafter. If the gentleman from New
York admits the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] there will be a
conflict in the terms of the two bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe my amendment
is not necessary, and I withdraw it.
