1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
42d Cong, ... 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Hamilton.
Senate.
or silver, retain it., and prohibit all exporta-
tion of any. If this were done, then yon were
on the highway to boih national and individ-
ual prosperity and wealth.
These sapient gentlemen could not conceive
that we could export a hundred gold dollars to
import a cotton-gin to prepare our cotton for
market, a loom to weave it, axes to fell our
forests, or plows to turn up our rich lands, or
beasts to draw them, without being poorer;
because, forsooth, by such a transaction the
balance of trade might be against us in gold.
Sounder doctrines teach us, however, that we
are not the_ poorer by such a trade ; in fact,
we are as rich as when we had the gold, be-
cause we have its equivalents; indeed richer,
because these equivalents, in the shape of the
gin, loom, axes, plows, and beasts, are of more
material use to us than the gold, and help not
only to add to our comforts, but both to our
national and individual wealth. The only
danger in the balance of trade lies in this:
when we have nothing to exchange and no
money to buy and pay for what we buy, then
we are in debt, and like individuals must
abide the natural results.
But at that day there was a fanaticism upon
this subject of a balance of trade, and indeed
some people yet are not rid of their fears in
this respect. The tariff  as in this flurry
seized upon to regulate trade upon this sub-
ject by restricting it. By uisciiminations and
impositions in duties upon imported articles
it was thought to secure surely and always a
certain balance of trade, which balance would
be represented by coin absolutely introduced
into the country, and where it was expected
to remain always. Thus was the tariff per-
verted from its simple origin and purpose of
revenue to that in addition of regulating the
balance of trade. No sooner was this done,
than it was perceived that in its application to
this end it could be made a most efficient
instrument for Protection.
And just here, Mr. President, in comes our
American policy, as contradistinguished from
that of England in its early days. England,
through the omnipotence of its Parliament,
went directly to the core of protection. It
classified interests; it eucouraged one, it put
down another; it protected one, and destroyed
another. It legislated without limit upon all,
just as the whim, caprice, passion, interest,
Judgment, or delusion moved the Parliament,
or as it was moved by one class or the other.
In illustration, at one time it prohibited the
exportation of cattle and corn, at another time
it prohibited the importation of either cattle,
corn, or salt provisions. The former legisla-
tion was intended for the benefit of the manu-
facturing interests, and the latter was intended
for the benefit of the agricultural interests; and
yet all was, according to a fair intent, a brutal
outrage upon both interests.
But, Mr. President, in the United States we
have no such omnipotent powers of legislation
in Congress under the Constitution, and 110 such
power is conferred upon Congress whereby it
may go down into the States to regulate or
affect there the industries of our people by
prohibitions either upon exports or imports.
Therefore, our people who believe in the doc-
trine of protection, and upon whose belief or
the sincerity thereof I am not passing, seize
upon the tariff as the proper means, indeed
the only means by whien they may, to a very
considerable extent, carry out their views.
Now we see how we stand. First, the prim-
ary and only object of the tariff was revenue.
Next it was perverted by a false theory to that
lor revenue and to adjust the balance of trade.
And next and last, and in this country, to that
for revenue and protection.
Mr. President, as soou as the tariff began to
be applied to the purposes of protection, both
in Europe and in this country, two diverging
schools of politicians arose, directly antagon
izing each other upon almost every question
of general doctrine and of detail upon this
subject; the one for protection, and the other
for free trade% The battle has been fought
upon a hundred fields, and is being fought up
to the present time, each side supported with
great ability; the former in the great strife
having the advantage of the latter, inasmuch
as the first can make its appeals to special and
powerful class interests, who can concentrate
without trouble their mighty influences, not only
upon the legislative departments of Govern-
ment, but can most forcibly impress itself upon
the common prejudices of a very large mass
of people; while the influences of the latter
are so diffused and so general in its effects
that it cannot strike sufficiently hard at any
one point so as to create or arouse a determ-
ined interest or feeling. The prejudices and
selfishness of class interests, of locality and
of nationality, are all brought to bear with
power in favor of the former and against the
latter; while the latter can only rely upon the
quiet, almost unperceived and pointless good
that is quietly and beneficently diffused among
the many.
It is said, Mr. President, that these ques-
tions involve all kinds of embarrassments;
that while they are most difficult to understand,
they are still more difficult to apply to the
practical details of actual trade, and that, in
any case, and under whatever policy, certain
injury will come to some.
This may be so; but it does appear to me
that these troubles are more imaginary than
real, and that in coming to conclusions upon
an examination of that subject, original prin-
ciples, which are near and true to nature, ought
to govern, rather than the artificial inventions
of selfish men. Protection, in the common
acceptation of the word, as used upon this
question, what is it, and what does it mean ?
Protection, pure and simple, what is it? An
individual desires to manufacture or grow a
commodity, but discovers that he is not able
to do so and sell it at the price at which the
same commodity brought from abroad is then
selling for in the community. He accordingly
comes to Congress and so represents the fact.
Whereupon Congress imposes a tariff upon the
foreign commodity sufficiently large to justify
this individual in going into the manufacturing
or growing of the same, by increase of the
price to that extent, or by so restricting the
sale of the foreign commodity that he may
have the more for sale at that increased price or
measurably less, but still so as to sustain him.
Further in illustration of the principle, sup-
pose some enterprising individual living, say,
among the mountains of Vermont, should build
himself an orangery at considerable expense in
order to grow oranges by artificial heat and
culture, together with the sunshine they do at
times get there, and finds that he can produce
them with a fair profit at twenty-five cents
apiece. He comes to Congress and advises
that body of the fact, and asks it to impose a
tariff upon all imported oranges sufficiently
high so as to enable him to sell his at twenty-
five cents apiece.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If it will not
interrupt the Senator I should like to ask him
whether he would not be willing to supply us
with free coal in order that we might raise free
oranges in Vermont,? [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. And aUo how he knows
there is ever any sunshine there? [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I will an-
swer the Senator." Coal may enter into^ the
supply of oranges in the creation of artificial
heat, and I will say, in order that we may
have fair play all around, give us free oianges
and we will give you free coal. [Laughter.]
Suppose again one having a furnace at Iron
Mountain, Missouri, and there was neither ore
nor a furnace east of the Alleghanies, would
like to sell his iron to the people of New York
or east of the mountains, but he finds that the
cost of transportation from Iron Mouniain to
the point of sale would be so great ihat he
would not be able to sell it for anything like
aslow as the priceat which the people were then
buying it from abroad. He would also come to
Congress and ask that a tariff sufficiently high
might be put upon the iron imported and then
used by the peop'e, so that he might be able
to transport his this great way and be able to
sell it to the people of the sea-board at a fair
profit; and so with the individuals who asked
Congress to put a tariff of $27 50 upon Bes-
semer steel rails; they came and said that they
Could not manufacture them with profit with
less than this, for steel rails were, at the time,
bought for a sum not much more than this
tariff itself; and so on could the system be illus-
trated. This is all well enough for the one who
grows the oranges or manufactures the iron
or steel raiis; but how is it with the persons
who are to buy the oranges, the iron, and the
steel rails? They are made to pay tribuie ;
true, but not to the Government only, but 10
individuals, and therrfore to that, extent it is
tribute without any value leceived by those
paying ; it is a tribute paid to the Moors as
they pass by their fortifications built by the
law, on their way to get what they want for
their daily use.
Protection! What does it mean? It must
mean Restriction if it means anything that is
practical. Protection, in its meaning and in
the significance that protectionists would give
to it, must, to be effective in the results of its
policy, accomplish two things: either entirely
forbid the importation of certain foreign com-
modities, or by imposing such high tariff rates
upon them as to put it out of your power to
buy them or they to sell to sou ; or if able,
you are to buy them at an advanced price.
This, of course, is Restriction. Even in the
latter case, where, though you are able to buy,
but at an advanced price, it is still Restriction
as much so in principle as where you are not
permitted to buy at all. Advanced prices
restrict consumption. A child may be able
to buy two oranges for four cents and not be
able to buy one for five cents, not having
the money, and oranges are scarce and high
because of the heavy duty. A housekeeper
might buy two pounds of coffee for thirty
cents where he would buy but one were it
twenty-five cents a pound.
This, then, is a Restriciion upon trade. The
antagonizing principle to this is Freedom,
free will, free action, freedom from restraint,
from a restraint that undertakes to prevent
me from buying with the money acquired by
my labor where I choose, what I choose, and
upon the terms I choose. If I should want an
orange from Havana, why not have it? If I
should want sugar or tobacco from Havana,
why not have it? And that, too, without the
interposition of this great Government in reg-
ulating the price to be paid for it, in order
that certain other individuals may have the
advantage of a monopoly of sale or the ben-
efit of increased prices under the name of
what is called protection. Is there any merit
in such a policy as this, that would oblige a
citizen to buy from me an article at a fair
price when he could buy the same from an-
other for much less and have money left for
other objects of purchase?
Is such a principle right in a Government
claiming to be free, and where the primary
object is claimed to be the benefit of man,
and where he is supposed to be secure in the
full enjoyment of the fruits of his toil aud
in deriving from it all the benefit and hap-
