1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
any law upon the subject of marriage other
than their own ecclesiastical law.
If the ecclesiastical law of the Mormons did
not control marriages from the date of the
treaty to the expiration of one year thereaf-
ter, then monogamous marriages during that
period were invalid; as also from the expira-
tion of the one year next after the treaty up
to July 1, 1862, and in fact to the present day,
for none but ecclesiastical marriages have
been celebrated among the Mormons.
If we have to trace monogamous marriages
during those periods to the ecclesiastical law
for validity, why not polygamous? If the
monogamous are not valid, then we shou'd
validate them, and if we validate them, why
not while we are at it validate the polyga-
mous?
But, Mr. Speaker, if gentlemen, to escape
ecclesiastical marriages, prefer the law of
nature, then I respectfully refer them to the
decisions of the supreme courts of Alabama,
Tennessee, and Missouri, declaring marriages
among the Indians, under the law of nature,
valid. (11 Alabama, 826; 5 Humph., (Tennes-
see,) 13 ; 23 Missouri, 561; 30 Missouri, 72.)
That the marriages under the law of nature
among the Indians and others have been and
are polygamous there can be no question; and
that the tribes to which the Indians belonged
involved in the decisions of the supreme courts
of Alabama, Tennessee, and Missouri, allowed
marriages m their character, polygamous, is
sustained by history and the facts developed in
those cases.
The savages are a law unto themselves. The
Mormons, as to marriage, have been a law
unto themselves. If the marriages under the
law of nature among the savages are regarded
as legal and valid by our courts, why not treat
the marriages under the law of nature among
the Mormons with like impartiality ? Whether,
then, regarded as marriages under the law of
nature, or the ecclesiastical or law of con-
quest, or the lex loci contractus, they must be
held to be legal and valid.
But, sir, there is another point in connec-
tion with this subject which I shall now notice,
and which, aside Irom every other considera-
tion, in my opinion, settles this whole matter
forever.
In section one, article nine, of our treaty with
Mexico, we expressly stipulated that the people
upon the ceded territory should be " protected
in the free enjoyment of their liberty and prop-
erty, and secured in ihe free exercise of their
religion without restriction." (United States
Statutes-at-Large, page 930.)
The treaty says that the Mormons shall be
secure in the free exercise of " their religion."
I emphasize the expression " their religion ;"
and not only that, but that treaty says they
shall be protected in the free exercise thereof
"without restriction."
The question for us to determine at this
point is-' what was the religion of the Mormons
at the date of that treaty?" As applicable
to religious denominations Webster defines re-
ligion to be ''any system of faith and worship;
as the religion of the Turks, of Hindoos, of
Christians; true or false religion." The Mor-
mon religion, at the time of the treaty, was sim-
ply their system of faith and worship. What was
that, system, and by whom shall it be proven ?
Is there any other way to prove it than by the
system itself as published to the world, and by
the statements and declarations of its leading
men?
Now, sir, let us take these, as is done with
every other religious denomination, and what
will be the result? Will it not as certainly
lead to the establishment of polygamy as a
part of the system of Mormon religion as
that the Christian system will lead to faith in
Christ? Christians accept Christ as their
Prophet; what he said is a part of their reli-
gion. Mormons accept Joseph Smith as their
prophet; what he said is a p-irt of their reli-
gion, Does not the system of Mormon religion
clearly show that polygamous marriages were
revealed to Joseph Smith as their prophet,
and that as their prophet he established it
among them as a religious right? Were the
whole Mormon brotherhood called to tes-
tify, they would with one accord proclaim
polygamy a part of their religion. By whom
else shall it be proven ? Shall we take a
Jew to prove the Christian religion, a Cath-
olic to prove the Protestant religion, or vice
versa; a Methodist to prove the Presby-
terian, or a Presbyterian to prove the Baptist
religion, or vice versa ? Would the members
O' those churches like to have their religion
proven by their adversaries? Would they sub-
mit to it? Who ever heard of such a thing?
Adopting the universal rule of allowing the
members of a church to prove its faith bv
its published writings and declarations of
leading men, and polygamy is clearly estab-
lished as a part .of the Mormon religion.
Mr. Speaker, do we not know as a matter of
fact that the very reason why Mormonism
has been so obnoxious to our people is be-
cause that they make polygamy a part of
their religion? I repeat, "their religion.,"
and would call the attention of the members
of this House to the difference between the
"Mormon religion" and the " Christian reli-
gion ;" and between a "true" and "false"
religion. I am not here to prove what the
Christian religion is ; nor am I here to prove
that the Mormon religion is the Christian
religion, or that the Mormon religion is a
true or false religion. My inquiry is, and all
I am proposing to show is, that polygamy is a
part of the Mormon system of religion.
Now, then, sir, in connection with these
remarks 1 propose to read in full section one,
article nine of the treaty between Mexico and
the D nited States, (a part of which has already
been noticed.) I quote :
"Section1. TbatMexicanswhofail to electtocon
tinue citizens of the Mexican Government shall be
incorporated into the Union, and be admitted atthe
proper time (to be judged of by the Congress of the
United States) to the enjoyment of all the rights of
citizens of the United States according to the prin-
ciples of the Constitution; and in the meantime
shall be maintained and protected in the free enjoy-
ment of their liberty and property, and secured in
the free exercise of their religion, without restric-
tion."— United States Statutes-at-Large, page 930.
Mr. Speaker, is there a member of this
House who is not in faith a Mormon, but will
sav at once that the Mormon religion is a false
religion ; that it is a delusion ? Did not the
men representing the United States and Mex-
ico in signing that treaty believe the same
thing ; and did they not know when they signed
it that all religious and non-religious people
in the United States outside Morinondom
had long previous thereto branded it as false?
And yet, in the face of that fact, they bound
this Government by solemn treaty obligation
to secure to that people the free exercise
of their religion. Whether Jew, Christian,
Mohammedan, Pagan, Turk, Hindoo, or Swe-
denborgian, true or false, we are bound to pro-
tect them in the free exercise thereof.
The question now arises as to when that
protection ceases. Sir, with the section whieh
I have read before me I unhesitatingly affirm
that we are bound by that treaty to protect
them until they are received into this Union
as a State. What means this language in that
section
"Shall be incorporated into the Union and be
admitted at the proper time (to be judged of by
Congress) to the enjoyment of all rights," &c.
1. I hold "shall be incorporated into the
Union" must be held to mean that at the end
of the year from the date of the treaty they
were to become citizens of the Union or Uni-
ted States.
2. That the language "and be admitted at
the proper time (to be judged of by Congress)
to the enjoyment of all rights," &c., must be
held to mean admission into the Union as a
State.
Now, sir, permit me to again call the atten-
tion of the House to the latter part of that
section and immediately following the portion
already recited. It reads:
" And in the mean time shall be maintained and
protected in the free enjoyment of their liberty and
property and secured in the free exercise of their
religion," &c.
"And in the meantime." What lime is
meant? Is it not the time intervening between
the time they should become citizens of the
United States and the time when they should
be admitted as a State into the Union? There
can be no other rational or intelligent inter-
pretation of that section.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, permit me to read
a portion of article six of the Constitution of
the United States. I quote :
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under
the authoiity of the United States, shall be the
supreme law of the land."
If treaty obligations, constitutional provis-
ions, and justice prevail, we can not, we dare
not, lay a heavy hand upon polygamy until that
people are admitted into this Union as a State,
and when admitted, we are bound by the law
of nations to hold it valid as to the past. The
only escape from this is for the enemies of
polygamy to maintain that polygamy is no part
of the Mormon religion.
But with all my prejudices against the ob-
noxious system, and while I would strike it
down at one blow, I must say that in my opin-
ion we can as truthfully assert that the rev-
elation to Noah about the flood ; to Abraham
and Sarah that unto them a child should be
born which should be the heir of a world; to
Zacharias that Elizabeth should bear a son
to be called John; to Mary that she should
bear a son to be called Jesus; and the book
of the New Testament, called revelations, are
no part of the Christian religion, as to assert
that the pretended revelations to Joseph Smith,
the recognized prophet of that people, and the
founder of their religion concerning polyga-
mous marriages as contained in the Book of
Covenants, which I hold in my hand, is no part
ot the system of the Mormon religion ; as well
contend that the book of Mormon is no part
of their religion, as to assert that polygamy is
no part thereof.
Faith iu Joseph Smith as a prophet of God
is the rock upon which Mormonism stands.
Accepting him by faith as a prophet, how can
they do otherwise than accept the revelations
of polygamy to him? if they accept them,
do not they at once become a part of their
religion? Sir, polygamy must then from the
very nature of their system be held to be a
part of the Mormon religion. But why argue
the question further? Have we not for near
thirty years been persecuting them because
they do make it a part of their religion ? By
our own act, then, we are estopped from saying
it is not a part of their religion.
Sir, if my position be correct, then it follows
that the law against bigamy in the Territories
passed by Congress July 1, 1862, is inoperative
as to polygamy among the Mormons; nor can
the territorial Legislature abolish it, no more
.than Congress, against the will of that people.
By the treaty and the Constitution it stands
above all law until Utah is admitted as a State.
One other point upon the treaty: I contend
that, regardless of the laws of M-xico in
regard to polygamy, the treaty binds us to
recognize it as existing at the date thereof.
Both Governments, knowing at the time that
polygamy existed among the Mormons, and
not providing against it by treaty stipulations,
must be presumed to acquiesce therein; and
we are forever estopped Irom interfering with
it until the time specified in the treaty. But
I may be asked, why pass your hill if it be
already legal? I answer, "to put the ques-
tion beyond dispute,'' and to slop United
States officers and judges who, alike ignoring
plain treaty stipulations and disregarding the
great key ot legal interpretation, are guilty of
