150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mnrch 20,
Senate.
The Tariff—Mr. Hamilton.
4'2d Cong....2d Sess.
piness he can? Is this protection the golden
thought that has been rioting upon the com-
mon mind for centuries and for so many
years in this country? It is a finely formed,
rotund, impressive, seductive word, gaudily,
nay richly attired, vailed even as the Prophet
of Khorassan, but when stripped it presents
features narrow and contracted, repulsive with
low cunning, morbid selfishness, and base
instincts. There is nothing in it broad, nor
good, nor benevolent, nor liberal.
But how otherwise, Mr. President, with the
reverse of all this! The free action of m4n
as antagonized to this principle of protection.
Free to buy where you please, where you can
get the most for your money, or the best to
please you, with no Government or Govern-
ment officials to interfere with your wiil or the
free use of your money! There is elasticity
and invigorating power in such a thought as
this, for it is near to the aspirations ot' a free
man and true to the nature of things, as they
are formed by laws more general, more cer-
tain, and more just, than aie the laws made by
man. Such a thought puts him out of the
leading-strings of Government, and makes
labor and volition work to their mutual ad-
vantage and to the general advantage of man-
kind.
Contrast this free action of man, with his
perfect right to make his labor bring its
highest possible reward, with that other policy
orsystem, Restriction. Choosing between them
how can a fair, liberal mind hesitate as to which
should prevail in a Government where some
knowledge and sense of freedom did once pre-
vail, and is not yet, I hope, entirely extin-
guished, and where we are even now endeavor-
ing to impress in theory the general principles
of liberty with all our bad practices against it?
One thoroughly imbued with the true principles
of our Government, and possessing a correct
knowledge of the natural rights of man, with a
realizing sense that the nearer we keep to
them in the administration of Government,
consistent with the paramount duties we owe
to organized society, the better for both the
Government and the people, cannot help but
prefer freedom 'of trade as against restraint
of trade.
When we look at the industries of the
world, and see how they have been harassed
in every way that the rapacity, the selfishness,
the ignorance, or the wickedness of man could
devise; whilst it is amazing to behold the
wrongs done through so many long centuries,
it is at the same time a great wonder, with our
great experience and with the spirit of agita-
tion no# prevailing, that some great inter-
national scheme has not been set on foot to
correct the legion of abuses that shackle
traffic. It is worried as the cat worries the
rat. From the time the goods are put upon
ship-board for transportation, and before, there
is one continued worry until they at last reach
the consumer. They are harassed and worried
from the beginning, and at every step they
take, by freight, insurance, towage, wharf-
age, inspection, appraisements, imposts, stor-
age, drayage, and the "general-order busi-
ness." or what may now, for short, be most
appropriately called "Leetage," until by the
time they reach the consumer the value of the
original article is lost in the swollen' propor-
tions of price made up by these things, and
which by that time have become so high and
expensive, by reason of these, that a large mass
of consumers find it beyond their limited means
to buy.
In fact, from the time the article leaves the
hand of the producer or manufacturer, ready-
made for consumption, along the highway of
trade, until it finally reaches the consumer at
every narrow strait ot'its course, there are found
organized banditti demanding tribute. This
is a strong word, and may be too strong to be
applied civilly to the people who are insisting
upon a duty or tribute upon it. Call them, then,
Moors, forasmuch as they were a cultivated,
educated, refined, industrious, and wealthy
people, and no offense, therefore, can betaken
for the illustration of a system by our own
class who do like things in substance and in
principle, but in a somewhat different but not
less exceptionable form, while at the same time
possessing no superior merit in anything ex-
cept possibly in their religious faith, but cer-
tainly in nowise in their acts, either as a body
or as individuals, in this one respect.
This clamor for tribute or for duties, as they
stafid upon the narrow straits of commercial in-
tercourse between the producer and consumer,
is not a whit less wrong in morals or in poli-
tics or in religion than was the exercise of
the robber power of the Moor upon the shores
of the straits of Gibraltar in compelling the
commerce of Christian nations to pay tribute
to him.
But, Mr. President, while all this in theory
is demonstrated to be right, and the freedom of
trade conceded to be the greatest blessing man-
kind could enjoy, just here comes the trouble
in our own country as well as in all other
nations. Revenue must be raised to support
the Government. The established policy of
this country is to raise the main portion-of it
by duties upon foreign merchandise, and here
first begins the complication, and that which
gives to us our greatest difficulty upon this all-
important subject. True, it ought not to be so,
but advantage is taken ot' it by the friends of
the protective policy, while at the same time
the counsels ot its opponents are not always
directed by wisdom.
To the extent, therefore, that revenue is
required for tiie support of the Government is
the freedom of trade embarrassed and the
policy of restraint to that extent established.
It being the settled policy of the country to
raise revenue in this way, trade must be in-
cumbered as all other property generally is by
the current modes of taxation. Upon this
ground, then, the friends of the protective
policy and their antagonists meet, both con-
ceding that revenue must be raised in this way.
Here the divergence soon conies, the former
being more intent upon protecting interests
than in raising revenue. Here is a broad field
opened up for the application of their policy
and principles, and here is where all their
enginery is brought into requisition.
The revenue collected from duties for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, amounted to
$202,446,673 23, and this sum was collected
upon dutiable goods of the value of $459,597,-
057 86. It must be manifest that in the imposi-
tion and adjustment of these duties the friends
of the protective policy are keenly alive to the
objects of this policy, and as they are studied
and perfectly understood by them in all their
ramifications of class interests, they never fail
to use this taxing power to promote all their
ends. Under this taxing power, and ostensi-
bly with a view to raise revenue, they have
four modes of'reaping the fruits of their pol-
icy and of imposing it upon the country; and
they are as follows:
First. By exempting from duty all those
articles that enter into their own consump-
tion.
Second. By discriminating duties, putting
them high upon the articles produced or man-
ufactured by them., and low upon all others.
Third. By what is called a free list, putting
the articles upon it which,do not come into
competition with their own, iu order to have
a reduced revenue from these sources, that it
would be required to be increased upon the
articles that do come into competition with
their own.
Fourth. By large expenditures demanding
large revenues, in order that high latts of
duiies may be required and imposed.
"When we consider that revenue is the
primary object of this species of laxation, all
these schemes to pervert it to the fubservience
of special interests are practical wrongs upon
the people, and in principle altogether wrong.
There can be no question but that under
the Constitution the object of this species of
taxation is revenue ; it must mean taxation,
nothing more, nofhing less. It cannot, in the
philosophy and nature of things, mean that
you lay this tax to protect, or, if you please,
encourage certain named branches of indus-
try. and not to raise revenue. If no revenue
were required, and you possessed the power
under the Constitution, I apprehend a far dif-
ferent system would prevail. Then the system
of protection would be a question pure and
simple, not embarrassed by duties for revenues,
but Lhe legislatio.i of the country would go
directly, to the main question itself, whether
any or what commodities should be imported
at all, and under what restraints, if any, ihey
should be allowed to be imported. This would
open up a broad field for legislation, where the
theories of protection could be carried out to
their greatest extent, and where the industries,
productions, and energies of the citizen would
be unhappily placed under the control of
Congress. Fortunately for the country, fortu-
nately for her great industrial interests, no such
power has ever been exercised or claimed as a
distinct substantive power under the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. President, as our imports increase with
our increasing population, and our revenues
increase to an extent not required for the sup-
port. of the Government, the fiiends of the
protective policy will see that they are not
injured by a reduction of the duty in order
to reduce the revenue. One or more or all
of the four modes of maintaining this policy to
which I have referred will be resorted to by
these people.
One of the most insinuating and one of the
most dangerous modes to effect their purposes
is the establishment of a free list; that is, fo
admit free of duty all imports that do not come
into competition with their interests, and there-
fore so reduce the revenue by meanj of this
free list as to oblige us to keep up the duties
upon all the articles coming into competition
with their own. We already see the line of
policy well defined m the numerous printed
petitions daily presented, praying that duties
maybe taken off of commodities not produced
in this country. A tree list ought, therefore,
to be watched; it is neither in the letter nor
spirit of a revenue tariff; it is entirely in the
interest of protection. A free list of every-
thing is one thing; a free list of certain arti-
cles is quite another thing ; and these articles
selected for the very purpose of diminishing
revenue and casting the production of it upon
others.
And I am surprised, Mr. President, to find
revenue reformers, gentlemen who are entirely
opposed to the doctrines and practices of pro-
tection, give their ready assent to this very worst
feature of protection. To illustrate it: we
derived from duties for the last fiscal year
within a fraction of §203,000,000. If this sum
be required to be raised in the future from
customs for the support of the Government,
then how do we stand ? Take tea and coffee
for examples, articles not produced in this
country, and therefore not in competition with
any. For the year ending the 30th day of
June, 1871, $8,380,762 93 was raised upon
tea, and $10,979,980 08 upon coffee, making
an aggregate revenue from these articles alone
of $19,360,743 01. Put these upon the free
list, aud you must make up the deficiency by
