3786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
employed to assist or to act as deputy by the
clerk himself. He was the clerk of the clerk,
an assistant, a proxy, or whatever you may
call him.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand the
gentleman from Indiana to say that the clerk
he speaks of farmed out his office?
' Mr. COBURN. I do not know about that.
1 I merely state the fact. You can call it farm-
ing oat, or employing a deputy or assistant,
or call it anything else. He employed him
for two dollars a day, and himself got six.
The clerk did very little work, the assistant
was regularly at his post and did as well as he
could. It was a matter of kind accommoda-
tion to the clerk for ine to allow this, and I
felt so.
The Clerk, about the time of his appoint-
ment, obtained my permission to employ and
pay for an assistant, with the understanding
that he would do fully all the duties of clerk,
but soon, about all that was done was done
by Mr. St. Clair, and virtually he was clerk.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I had not intended to say anything on the
amendment offered by the geutleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Cobur;st.] Tho Committee on
Appropriations^ hearing from the Committee
on Military Affairs that it was desired to make
an appropriation to pay for getting up the rec-
ords of the bureau of court-martials, I was
authorized if the Committee on Military Affairs
asked for any such appropriation to agree that
it should be made in this bill. When the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobubn-] offered
his amendment it was accepted. There was
no objection to his amendment. I believe the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole had
declared that it was passed, but the gentleman
himself seemed to be unwilling to let it pass,
and continued on into a discussion of other
matters which ought, in my judgment, to be
confined to the committee room itself. I do
not think it is quite the proper thing to bring
in here a discussion of the internal affairs of a
committee of this House.
I think it a matter of justice to the man he
denounces to say that for a period of two
years under the chairmanship of General
Sehenck, when I was a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and for another
period of two years more when I was myself
.chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to my personal knowledge the gentleman re-
ferred to was an intelligent, faithful, capable
clerk. I never before heard a word to the
contrary. That same gentleman was employed
for two succeeding years under General Logan,
who was chairman of-the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.^ He was again employed by the
same committee under the gentleman now at
the head of the Committee on Millirary Affairs.
But a lew days since, I think after the conven-
tion held in my own State, it seems to have
been discovered by gentlemen that that gentle-
man was an unfaithful clerk, an inefficient
Clerk, and he was given notice to quit. I do
not myself personally believe that is quite the
way to transact public matters. I do not be-
lieve it is quite the right thing for the Republican
party to begin to cat off heads on a cause of
that sort. If that is the gentleman's view of
propriety, of course I have nothing more to
say. But as he has aired his opinions I have
thought it right to air mine also.
Mr. HAY. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. I do not intend to make
any speech ; but as a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of this House I wish
to bear my testimony to the fidelity, ability,
and worth of the clerk of the Committee up to
the time of the action of the chairman in dis-
charging him.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. What is his
name?
Mr, HAY. Mr. Smalley.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has seen fit to bear testimony
to the good conduct of this gentleman as clerk
of the Committee on Military Affairs; and
my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Hay,] has done the
same.
When this charge was made I desired in as
quiet and kind a manner as possible to let him
off. But my object was defeated. The matter
was made public. And now, as a matter of
fact, I will ask any man to look at the records
of that committee and see if a faithful, accurate,
and competent clerk has been doing his duty
there.
Mr. DAWES. When did you discover it?
Mr. COBURN. I discovered it some time
since. There is no record of the proceedings
of the committee, and I will ask any sensible
man if it is the part of a good committee clerk
to fail to keep minutes of the proceedings or
copies of the letters of the committee. Why,
sir, wo are talking now about restoring the
Buell court-martial papers. The papers of
the committee are almost as bare as the War
Department of records in that case. There is
not a record of a single vote that has been
taken for years in that committee until after
the removal I made and the recent appoint-
ment of a new clerk. There are no letters,
no minutes of proceedings ; and if gentlemen
are satisfied that that is the way in which a
good and faithful clerk should discharge his
duties they are welcome to their opinion. If
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
calls that a correct, proper, and complete dis-
charge of clerical duty to his satisfaction, the
House can judge of his standard of excellence.
I make no personal attack upon the charac-
ter of the former clerk, upon his integrity, or
upon his previous standing ; but I simply say
that in a business point of view he was worth-
less to me and to the committee as a clerk.
The only services we had of any value were
those of a young man who, as I again repeat,
got two dollars a day for the work he did;
while the man who employed him reported for
the Tribune andspent his time mainly on the
floor of the House, and in the galleries of the
House, and outside, anywhere else than in the
committee-room, and for it got six dollars a
day.
Mr. Greeley says in his paper that he can
afford to pay him as much as the Congress of
the United States can. There is where the
shoe pinches. That is why day after day and
week after week I am slandered arid the Mili-
tary Committee of this House is slandered.
Mr. Greeley has now to pay a man full pay for
a full day's work. I suppose that that is civil
service reform, and that it is according to the
rules that the employer shall give full pay for
full work. Hereafter Mr. Greeley must pay
this.correspondent at least for his time. His
experienced clerk and experienced correspond-
ent cannot do double duty and get half pay or
do single duty and get double pay any more;
The question being taken on Mr. Cobubn's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Refunding to States expenses incurred in raising
volunteers: to indemnify the States for expenses*
incurred by them in enrolling, equipping, and trans-
porting troops for the defense of the United States
during the late insurrection, $500,000.
Mr. BECK. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out "$500,000" and insert "$1,500,000;" and
after the word "insurrection" insert the following;
'including all expenses incurred by the several
States under tho provisions of an act entitled 'An
act to indemnify tho States for expenses incurred
by them m defense of the United States, approved
July 27, 1861.' "
Mr. BECK. I will state in a very few words
my _ reason for offering this amendment. I
desire to put into the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury a sufficient sum of money to
enable him to settle the claims of the States,
and especially that which the State of Ken-
tucky has against the Government, under the
act of 1861, for troops furnished to aid the
United States under the law which I shall
now read, and which is referred to in my
amendment:
*' That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the Governor
of any State, or to his duly authorized agent, the
costs, charges, and expenses properly incuired by
such State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, sup-
plying, arming, equipping, paying, and transport-
ing its troops employed in aiding to suppress the
present insurrection against the United States, to be
settled upon proper vouchers filed and passed upon
by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
All I desire by this amendment is that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have a suffi-
cient fund under his control to pay the claims
when promptly made out. The House has
heard enough about the Kentucky claim, and
last year it was understood that it was allowed
by all the officers of the different Departments,
approved by the War Department, and ap-
proved by the Treasury Department officials ;
but by a limitation of the law passed a year
or two ago the time had expired before the
warrant was delivered, and therefore it fell.
I do not wish to say one word as to the
merits of that claim now. All I desire is that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be in pos-
session of sufficient funds to enable him if he
finds the claim to be correct to pay it, and
not say he has not the money to do it. This
appropriation, as I understand, pays nothing ;
it enables the Secretary of the Treasury, when
claims are made out in accordance with the
provisions of law, to pay them if they are right,
and $1,500,000 would perhaps be required to
pay the claims of all the States. If that
amount is not required it will be covered into
the Treasury at the end of the fiscal year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
to the gentleman that we have put $1,000,000
for this purpose in the deficiency bill which
has just been printed and is now on our
tables as a law. We have put $500,000 here,
believing that the $1,000,000 put into the
deficiency bill and the $500,000 here will be
enough to meet all the claims now adjudicated
or that will be adjudicated during the coining
year. I hope, therefore, the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. BECK. Would it do any harm to have
the money subject, to the order of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think Con-
gress had better see the accounts. The Sec-
retary has sent in here a list, which we have
had printed as a document, showing the num-
ber of outstanding claims and the number
already adjudicated, giving them State by
State, in part aud in total. The Committee
on Appropriations came to the conclusion that
if we gave $1,000,000 in one bill and $500,000
in another that would be sufficient.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, but not in a hostile spirit. I
agree that it is right that Kentucky should be
paid her claim. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To indemnify tho States for expenses incurred in
enrolling, equipping, and transporting volunteers,
and for making defensive military works under the
direction of the Government, the expenses of which
have^ been duly audited by the commissioners
appointed under the provisions of law, $1,000,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must make
a point of order on that amendment. It in-
cludes a class of cases for fortifying which
ha,ve never been authorized by law. A com-
mission was appointed to report the amount,
but there is no law authorizing the payment
of such claims.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
just what I want.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that so
much of the amendment as relates to defensive
works is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to say one word.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
