2890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the sec-
tion further by striking out in line seventeen
the words ''or may hereafter be ma4e;" so
that it will read :
And all or any portion of the lands acquired by
the terms of consolidation lawfully authorized by
the fourth section of said act of March 3, 1871, with
any railroad company or companies to whom grants
of lands may have been made by any congressional,
State, or territorial authority, or-who may have pur-
chased the same previous to any such arrangement
or consolidation, and within the time limited for the
completion of the road, and all such lands of every
description shall bo subject to all limitations and
conditions now by law existing in relation thereto,
and as modified by this act.
I do not wish to contemplate any further
grant of land for these purposes.
Mr. WHEELER. I hope that amendment
will not be made. The original bill authorizes
this corporation to consolidate with other cor-
porations. I hope the gentleman will not insist
upon his amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. There are vast powers con-
ferred upo'n this company, powers of consoli-
dation, which are very dangerous powers, in
the original bill. I hope the powers of this
corporation will be some time or other defined,
and not extended beyond what they seem to
be at this time.
Mr. WHEELER. I hope the House will
not take from this corporation any of (he rights
heretofore conferred upon it, and which are
absolutely necessary to secure the completion
of the road.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the
second section by inserting, after the word
"made," in line seventeen, the words "by
any State;" so that it will read :
And all or any portion of the lands acquired by
the torms of consolidation lawfully authorized by
tho fourth section of said act of March 3, 1871, with
any railroad company or companies to whom grants
of lands may have been made (or may hereafter be
made by any State) by any congressional, State, or
territorial authority, or who may have purchased
tho same provious to any such arrangement or con-
solidation, and within the timoliniitod for tho com-
pletion of tho road, and all such lands of overy de-
scription shall bo subject to all limitations and con-
ditions now by law existing in relation thereto, and
as modiliod by this act.
I hope gentlemen do not contemplate any
further grant of lauds to this corporation. By
adding the words "by any State" I believe
the sense is complete.
Mr. COGHLAN. Does not that already
exist there.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not in express terms.
Mr. COGHLAN. It says so by express
terms immediately afterward.
Mr. ..WHEELER. I apprehend the gentle-
man does not understand the object of this
section. There is not a power given in this
section that was not given in the original bill,
beyond this: it authorizes this company to
secure its construction bonds by using a portion
of the lands which it may take from the United
States, and to secure its land bonds by using
such portion of the Government lands as are
not already used (or the other purpose, aud
such other lauds as they may receive from
States or other corporations with which they
may be consolidated. This section was care-
fully drawn by the Senate, and I trust the lan-
guage of it will not be disturbed if the House
intend to give this road the aid here asked.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does this in-
crease the laud grant in any degree?
Mr. WHEELER. Not an acre.
Mr. HOLMAN. My amendment is to trans-
pose the words in parenthesis, " or may here-
after be made," and to add to them the words
"by any State," and to insert the entire phrase
after the words "or territorial authority." I
hope that Congress does not propose to con-
template by the terms of this act any further
increase of land grants.
Mr. RANDALL. This bill so provides in
express terms.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know that Mr. Scott is
here upon the ground, and has explained that
over and over again, and called special atten-
tion to that fact. But this bill does content
plate other land grants by Congress.
Mr. WHEELER. Will the gentleman point
out that provision?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is in this very section,
which contains these words: "any railroad
company or companies to whom grants of land
may have been made, or may hereafter be
made, by any congressional, State, or terri-
torial authority."
Mr. WHEELER. Very weil; if some com-
pany shall hereafter procure a grant from Con-
gress as an original proposition, then under
the act of last Congress this company by con-
solidating with it may have the benefit of that
grant.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. There may
be grants already made to companies with
which this company may consolidate.
Mr. HOLMAN. We know that in a bill of
this character all does not clearly appear in
the terms made use of in the bill that may be
intended. It was not very long since that a
bill was passed by this House, and now mem-
bers are under a misapprehension as to the
effect of that bill.
Mr. RANDALL. What bill is that?
Mr. HOLMAN. I refer to the Michigan
bill. I take it for granted that the gentleman
who drew this bill knows exactly what it means.
Prom the experience we have had with the
Northern Pacific railroad we may be sure that
we are called upoti to pass an act the effect of
which we are not now able to perceive. If
the object of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. VViiebi.br] is what he has said, he will
accept the amendment I have offered, to limit
the powerhere granted to lands already granted
by Congress, or that may hereafter be granted
by any State. When 1 proposed to strike out
the words in parenthesis, "or may hereafter
be made," the gentleman said at once, "The
State of Texas may make a grant; we do not
wish to interfere with that." Now, if the
object is simply to enable the State of Texas
to make further grants to this corporation, and
not for the purpose of getting further grants
from Congress tor the benefit of this corpora-
tion, I think the gentleman from New York
should readily accept the proposition to limit
the grants hereafter to be made to States and
not to Congress.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not desire to stul-
tify myself, or to have the House stultify
itself by assenting to any such amendment.
It is not for lUr. Scott, or even for this House,
to construe the language of this bill. If any
controversy sliall arise in regard to it, it is to
be settled by the courts. 'This House certainly
can understand plain Saxon language. It is
provided in section five of this bill "that
nothing in this act contained shall be so con
strued as to authorize the grant of any addi-
tional lands or subsidy of any nature or kind
whatsoever on the part of the Government of
the United States."
Mr. HOLJIAN-. If that is true, then what
is the objection to the limit which I propose,
that further grants shall be confined to Slates?
Mr. WHEELER. Because it is already in
the bill, and I do not believe in tautology."
Mr. SYPHER. There is another reason,
and that is the general doctrine of constitu-
tional rights, under which we ought not to
interfere with what States shall do in matters
of internal improvement. If they desire to
subsidize this corporation still further by
grants of their own lands, it is not for us to
say that they shall not have that right. Under
the gentleman's own doctrine and creed it is
not for us to do that.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 do not intend the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sypher] shall
pretend he does not understand my proposi-
tion. I do not object to recognizing grants
of the State of Texas or any other State that
may choose to grant lands to this company,
! but I propose to prevent, any anticipated granl
' to this company hereafter by Congress,
j Mr. SYPHER. On that, point the gentle-
\ man has been fully answered by the gentlemau
from New York, [Mr. Wheeler.]
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York may talk as much as he pleases about
" tautology ;" but if the real purpose of this
bill is what the gentleman explains it, (and as
no doubt he believes,) the substitution of the
words " or may be made hereafter by the
authority of any State" accomplishes fully
his purpose.
Mr. CONNER. Does the gentleman ex-
pect that by any language which he may insert
in this bill he can control the action of any
future Congress ? The Congresses who may
follow us will make grants or not, just as they
please.
Mr. HOLMAN. Colonel Scott has men-
tioned that argument several times, that this
Congress cannot bind any future Congress;
and I concede that such is the fact. But, sir,
what Congress may do hereafter is one thing;
what we contemplate doing by the provisions
of this bill is a very different thing. This is a
question as to our own action. It this bill be
passed in its present form, we shall hear before
Congress ends the argument that by the very
provisions of this bill it was contemplated that
the powers of this corporation should be in-
creased by further grants. I say, therefore,
that if the gentleman from New York under-
stands the bill as meaning only what he says,
(and I must assume he does,) if he only desires
that the State of Texas or any other State may
be at liberty to make further grants to this cor-
poration, then he should at once assent to my
proposition, to insert the words " or hereafter
may be made."
Mr. WHEELER. Asa limitation of that
kind is already in the bill in express language, I
cannot assent to the amendment. I ask for a
vote.
The question beingtaken on the amendment
of Mr. Hoi,man, there were—ayes 41, noes
74; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; aud Mr. Holman arm
Mr. Wheeler were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 34, noes 91.
So the amendment of Mr. Holman was not
agreed to.
Ihe SPEAKER. The fact that the tellers
have counted fewer affirmative votes than the
Chair counted upon a rising vote is, as the
Chair will suggest, doubtless explained by the
fact that so many gentlemen upon the floor
are constantly standing without any reference
to a vote.
The next amendment recommended by the
committee was read as follows *,
Strike out in lines twenty-one and twenty-two of
section five the words " not less than ten miles before
the expiration of second year, and.*'
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to state that
this amendment was proposed in the commit-
tee by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Houghton,] a member of the committee, and
met the approval of the committee.
Ihe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have some further amend-
ments which I wish to offer.
Mr. STEVENSON. If it is in order, I
move to amend the third section by striking
out the words_" which shall be a sufficient evi-
dence _ of their legal execution," where they
occur in the following clause of section three:
i,.?f 'he mortgages made and executed
tull(V rai 1 companyshalt befiled and recoided
■"ePaVtment of the Interior, which shall be s.
sufficient evidence of their legal execution.
Ihe words which I propose to strike out
provide that the filing and recording of any
mortgage executed by the company in the Inte-
rlP? department shall be sufficient evidence
of its legal execution, This provision strikes
me as extraordinary.
Mr. WHEELER. That is the language
used in several other acts of this kind.
