1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
Mr CONKLING. If the Senator says Mr.
Wells says so, I take no issue with him there.
If he makes the statement as a fact, that cap-
ital employed in salt-works pays inordinate
profit, whether upon the authority of Mr.
Wells or of any other proiessor or doctrinaire
in statistics, I deny it.
Mr. BLAIR. I have my eye upon that now.
This is from Mr. Wells:
" The first dividend was made in 1881 of seven per
cent. After that the company paid "—
Mr. CONKLING. Of which company is
the Senator speaking?
Mr. BLAIR. The salt company, the Onon-
daga, at Syracuse—
"After that the company paid in cash as many as
six dividends in one year, one of which was twelve
and a half per cent/'
Mr. CONKLING-. What year was that?
Mr. BLAIR. He does not state the year.
The first dividend was made in 1861, of seven
per cent.
"After that the company paid in ca3h as many as
six dividends in one year, one of which was twelve
and a half per cent. Subsequently a suiide dividend
was made of one hundred per cent., and they again
increased their capital by a stock dividend to tho
same amount."
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly,if all this
ever happened, it was since the Christian era
and since the year 1861; but if it implies that
now, or recently, such profiis have been or can
be made, 1 deny it. 1 do not care on whose
authority it is read.
Mr. CALDWELL. Will the Senator yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. CALDWELL. The Senator from Mis-
souri stated that one dividend had been made
in one year of twelve and a half per cent 
Mr. BLAIR. I did not state any such thing.
I stated that they made six dividends in one
year and one of the dividends was twelve and
a half per cent made in that year.
Mr. CALDWELL. That is what I meant
to have stated, that he said there were six
dividends made in one year and one of them
was twelve and a half per cent. I wish to
ask the Senator how much per cent, the other
dividends were? They may have been one
per cent. If they were all twelve and a half
per cent, it would show pretty big profits.
Mr. BLAIR. , That would depend a good
deal on the watering of the stock.
Mr. CALDWELL. You have no evidence
that the stock was watered.
Mr. CONKLING. It must have been
watered with salt water.
Mr. BLAIR. There is very little salt in
the water.
Mr. CONKLING. If these Senators have
now arranged their views about Mr. Wells and
the stock watering, let me continue my re-
marks. There is an old saying that "figures
cannot lie"—a random saying. There is noth-
ing by which plain people are more juggled and
duped sometimes than by figures; and when
one of these doctrinaires, and theorists skilled
in putting figures together and taking them
apart so that you cannot always see how it is
done, sets about proving something, I am afraid
people who. are no better book-keepers than
the honorable Senator from Missouri and my-
self are likely to be puzzled and deceived.
I have lying before me statements made
by Judge Comstock, of the city of Syracuse,
known, I think, to the Senator from Missouri,
and he can judge of the veracity of this wit-
ness and of his opportunities of knowledge.
I undertake to say, basing my statement upon
his assertion and upon that of other well-
known men, that this statement made by the
Senator from Missouri, as applicable to the
present, or at all in the sense in which he
gives it to us, is without foundation.
I say further that the capital invested in the
production ofsalt does not pay, andhasnotre-
eentlypaid more than seven per cent, per an-
ftum. I might with truth say something more.
I think the Senator from West Virginia will
confirm me, and sworn statements will con-
firm me if I go further. But this is far enough.
I have and can send to the Senator from Mis-
souri the details, the data, the minntia show-
ing this. The " monopoly," as he calls it, of
the salt company of Onondaga has opened its
books. They have been ransacked and invest-
igated thoroughly. The whole thing is pub-
lic ; it is not hid under a bushel, but set on a
hill; and I tell the honorable Senator from
Missouri, when he affirms that twelve per cent,
with five other dividends in one year is made
now, or have in the present condition of things
ever been made by the Onondaga Salt Com-
pany, his statement is justly described in a
communication before me as outrunning the
Arabian Knights' entertainment. There is
nothing in it.
Mr. President, this business, in which fifteen
millions of capital is employed, in which
twenty thousand operatives are engaged, upon
which one hundred thousand people are wholly
or largely dependent, which pays a million
and a half of revenue to the Government
yearly, reaches a production of less than
twenty million bushels of salt all told. That
is a liberal estimate. Under the tariff which
existed at the commencement of the war four-
teen million bushels were imported ; that was
the maximum. Twelve million bushels are im-
ported now; so that this protected monopoly,
as the Senator calls it, has made an inroad of
oniy two million bushels upon the foreign
market. The capacity 'of the present salt-
works is twenty-five million bushels, a-nd that
capacity is curtailed and stinted, not by the
market, not by the consumption of the coun-
try, for that rises to thirty-two million bushels,
but is kept down to less than twenty million
by fourteen million bushels of foreign import-
ations.
If Senators carry in mind this brief state-
ment, they must see that there is a very small
fraction of a question remaining to be argued
by those who believe in protecting even inci-
dentally American industry. Raw material
receives no protection, none whatever. Brine,
salt water, the raw material or natural pro-
duct whence salt comes, is of no value; it
represents a cipher in the sum; it is counted
as nothing. The whole subject protected is
capital and labor. It is perhaps the purest,
strictest instance of value residing in process
or manufacture alone that can be found in
the tariff. Take all forms and shapes of lum-
ber; take everything made of iron, iron in its
rawest or highest useful state; take even coal
lying in its bed, small as the royalty is, aud
you find an element of value and an increment
of cost in the raw material itself. Nearly
every material bought and sold has market
value in its rudest state. Nearly every provi-
dential provision which man turns to com-
mercial account, nearly every gift of nature em-
ployed by man, has some pecuniary value at
the start. Brine is arare exception. Here you
find a destitution, it is hardly too much to say
a total lack of value in the raw material. All
the value is imparted by the process, by the
labor, by the investment out of which the pro-
duct conies. But this is not all; the raw ma-
terial, like the air, is without value to buy or
sell, but unlike the air, it is useless also.
It is not good for use ; it cumbers the earth,
and art, labor, and investment turn it to a
savor, a luxury, a necessity, a valuable staple
commodity.
Where shall we place protection of home
industry, if nothere? Whobut an extravagant
free trader, who in America will gainsay this,
unless he denies even incidental protection in
a revenue tariff?
There are many kinds of tariff Democrats ;
there are divers creeds in the Democratic
party about protection, and anti-protection.
When you talk to Democrats about the tariff,
you find them like the school-master who was
examined in advance, and was asked among
other things whether he thought the earth was |
flat or round. He said gome thought it flat
and some thought it round, and he was willing
to teach either way, just as the parents of the
children preferred.' .So a Democrat in Penn-
sylvania teaches the doctrine one way ; there
it is protection for iron and coal; and a Dem-
ocrat, where there is nothing local to protect,
teaches it in the other way. The honorable
Senator from Missouri is, I think, of the latter
sort; he is of that sort who, wherever they see
a head of protection, hit it; they regard the
system of protecting American industry as a
Donnybrook fair; wherever there is a head,
there they hit. It usually happens in these
Donnybrook fair tariff raids that those heads
of protection are most pommeled which
afford the best opportunity to raise prejudices
and rouse party passion.
This being the attitude of the Senator, I
cannot argue this question with him. Why?
Because he is opposed to protecting American
labor. If he held that revenue should be
raised by such discrimination as offers a bounty
to American labor, and not to the labor of
foreign nations, then I could argue with him.
successfully, because searching the whole
schedule of the tariff we can find no instance
in which protection is confined to industry
and capital and labor, and these only, more
strictly than it is in the case of salt.
I admit that if to accomplish this, an excess-
ive imposition of duty exists in the law, the
case is one of grievance, one for correction.
The honorable Senator read from somebody
(I believe that was not Mr. Wells, but some
other Democratic teacher, I presume,) a state-
ment on this subject. I read in reply a state-
ment signed by a number of men whose veracity
the Senate will not doubt, whose opportunities
for knowledge are absolute, aud who give the
facts in this regard. First, they show "that
the American manufacturers sell their entire
annual product at a piice not exceeding two
dollars per barrel, averaging the sales at all
points of the United States, however near or
however distant from their works, until the
salt goes out of their hands into the hands
of the dealer or consumer." The figures are
given more minutely; I do not stop to read
them. I take as true the statement that two
dollars a barrel is the average price received
by the manufacturers of salt when the process
is completed. Now, as to the statement about
the two hundred per cent, tariff. These gen-
tlemen consider this allegation, and quote it:
"First. The present tariff on salt is two hundred
per cent., and that it doubles the cost of salt to the
consumer without proportional revenue to the Gov-
ernment."
They say:
"In refutation of this statement we refer your
honorable body to the actual tariff as established in
1864, which is precisely eighteen cents per one hun-
dred pounds. By looking at the quotations in Now
York it will be seen that this duty does not much
exceed twenty-five per cent, upon the average price
anil value of the different kinds of foreign salt in
that market."
Not " two hundred per cent.," but twenty-
five per cent., and here are the figures and
quotations to prove the truth of the statement:
"And as to the revenue received by the Govern-
ment from that source, we beg to state that under a
free-trade tarift, as it was in 1860, equal to about one
and a half cents per bushel, the duties amounted to
only 8214,000 on an importation of fourteen million
bushels annually; whereas, under the tariff as it
now is. the revenue upon an annual importation of
only twelve million bushels amounts to between a
million and a million and a half of dollar's, being
more than six times greater."
This is very good for revenue.
I call the attention of the Seriate again,
because I cannot well repeat it too often, to
the fact that this added protection has dimin-
ished the importation of salt only two million
bushels, leaving it twelve million, whereas it
never rose above fourteen; and that importa-
tion copes so evenly with the American market
and with home production that the American
producer sells only eight million bushels, all
told, in excess of the foreign importation con-
sumed here.
