1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 m
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do
not want to appeal from the Chair, but to the
Chair. I want the Chair to understand the
facts. If the statement of the fact made by
the gentleman from Ohio were correct, the
decision would be correct.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair takes the
statement of the chairman of the committee
as to the law as it is to-day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to put a different view of the law before the
Chair. I differ from the learned chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is thia by
unanimous consent?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; it is
by consent of the Chair. In 1866 a resolution
was passed by Congress providing for the
appointment of commissioners to audit these
cases. The report of that board of commis-
sioners I hold in my hand. Being appointed
by Congress 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inter-
rupt the gentleman at this point. Did the res-
olution to which he refers provide for anything
beyond auditing ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Nothing else
in the world.
The CHAIRMAN. Did it provide for pay-
ment after auditing?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No sir, only
for laying the result before Congress.
TheCHAlRMAN. Thenthe Chairadheres
to his ruling upon the point of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise for the purpose
of opposing the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to say a word upon the matter.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to reduce the
amount proposed in the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky by $500,000.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
mefora moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I rise principally to ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] whether
he understands, and his committee are satis-
fied, that the $1,000,000 appropriated in the
deficiency appropriation bill, in addition to
the $500,000 appropriated here, can all be
used in the payment of these claims after they
are found to be correct? If so, that may be
enough.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think that is
enough.
Mr. BECK. I was not aware that that
$1,000,000 could be used for that at all.
Jlr. MARSHALL. I rise simply for the
purpose of saying that in my judgment the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
ought not to be adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was I
not recognized by the Chair?
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair did not rec-
ognize the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. MARSHALL. I did not yield the
floor to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.] I yielded merely for a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] will then proceed.
Mr. MARSHALL. This appropriation
gives into the hands of the Treasury Depart-
ment, of its auditing officers, a very dangerous
power, which ought not to be giveu without
being properly guarded. The estimate of the
Department was for $600,000i But in looking
into the necessities of the Government, it was
ascertained that last year they estimated for
$800,000, while in fact up to the present
time not half a million dollars could have
been properly used for this purpose.
I may refer in this connection to another
matter which has just been passed, showing
the danger of making large appropriations of
this kind to be adjusted at the discretion of
the subordinate officers of the Treasury. De-
partment. We ought to keep our appropria-
tions within proper limits. The Department
estimated for the present fiscal year for the
payment of loss of property $850,000. That
bill was lost, and no appropriation was made
therefor. For the present year they have
estimated for $600,000 for the same purpose.
Upon inquiry in the Third Auditor's office it
was ascertained that up to the present time
there had been adjusted scarcely forty thousand
dollars of claims of this kind. Therefore, the
$100,000 appropriated in this bill will be
amply sufficient, not only for the present year,
butfor the next year, although the Department
estimated for $850,000 for the present year
alone.
In reference to this subject upon which I
am now speaking the Department estimated
last year for $8,000,000, and no appropriation
was made whatever. This year the Depart-
ment estimated for $6,000,000. Yet, as I
have already stated, there have not been claims
adjusted amounting to $500,000. I do not
think it would be wise to make an appropria-
tion for a larger amount than is shown to be
absolutely necessary for the purpose of meet-
ing the claims that are likely to be allowed.
If these claims are adjusted the money will go
to the sovereign States, that can afford, I
imagine, to wait a few months, if found neces-
sary, for the purpose of receiving the sums
found to be due them. If the sum appropriated
in the bill before the House should not be
found sufficient to cover all claims that may
be allowed daring the ensuing fiscal year, there
will be less harm done to the States that may
be entitled to more money than they will
actually receive, than there would be injury
done to the Government by making an exor-
bitant appropriation. I therefore think that
with this explanation the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] will consent to withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. BECK. After the explanations which
have £>een made upon this subjectl will say that
perhaps the amount proposed to be appro-
priated by the committee will cover the claim,
and I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer the amendment which I have sent to
the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
To indemnify the States for expenses incurred in
enrolling, equipping, and transporting volunteers,
and for making defensive military works under the
direction of the Government, the expenses of which
have been duly audited bycommissioners'appointed
under the provisions of law, $l,0o0,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Upon that
amendment I make the same point of order
that has already been made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to modify the amendment by striking out so
much as speaks of defensive military works,
because that has been ruled out of order by
the Chair. That modification will leave the
remainder of the provision, which I want
applied to other States that may ask payment
for these expenses as well as Massachusetts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The point of
order is still good. A claim which is merely
audited is not a claim authorized by law to be
paid.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why, then,
do we audit claims? 1 propose to limit this
appropriation to claims that have been audited.
I suppose I have a right to do that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand the point made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I say that if
the last clause of the amendment be retained
it still appropriates money for the payment of
claims that have only been audited but never
authorized to be paid ; and therefore there is
no authority of law for their payment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
understand on what ground.
Mr. BANKS. I must take exception 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state
more fully what I mean. When I was chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs we
authorized several commissions for Iowa and
Bome other States to examine and report to
Congress what might be found to be due them.
When that report was presented a bill was
introduced authorizing the payment of the
amounts found due whenever the same should
be appropriated. The bill was passed in that
form without an appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At least that
was the way it was recommended by our com-
mittee. The House may have added after-
ward an appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. The case was just this : Iowa
and Massachusetts were put together; but
Iowa had more friends than Massachusetts;
and while the proposition to pay the claim of
Iowa was voted in, that to pay Massachusetts
was ruled out of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. May I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
this question : is there any law authorizing the
payment of this money ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; that
is what we want to get passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then the gen-
tleman wants to put legislation on an appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. BANKS. I beg permission to say one
word.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butlbr] will proceed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I could
be allowed to go on without having every other
man's speech interjected into mine, I should be
to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires that
this point of order shall first bo understood.
The Chair rules that as to military expenses
which have simply been audited, without any
provision of law for their payment, they are
not admissible in this appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not proposed that. Striking oat the clause
for defensive works, I propose to provide that
the claims for drilling, mustering, and enroll-
ing volunteers shall not be paid unless they
have been audited by a commission appointed
under authority of law. That is a restraint
on the appropriation.
Mr. DICKEY. That is new legislation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. That is new legisla-
tion. In this there is law directing the pay-
ment. The Chair must rule the amendment
out of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
is this: whatever I desired before, I now de-
sire simply to limit this appropriation to the
payment of such claims as have been audited
by commissions, and not to allow every clerk
with a pen behind his ear to audit millions;
and I am going to state, if the Chair will give
me permission, why I wish to have this done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot allow
the gentleman to argue the matter unless he
takes an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
to get in a claim to be paid, but to limit the
appropriation. I do not expect to get the
Massachusetts claim paid; because it is just,
and because we cannot pay our agent, like
Pennsylvania, more than a quarter of a million
of dollars for getting it through.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on the gentleman
being in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
the floor, and if I am not interrupted I pro-
pose to go on.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. GARFI-ELD, of Ohio. I rise'to a
