1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not care from
what act the language may be adopted Sup-
pose a mortgage should be executed in fraud
of the rights of this company, then, if it is
filed and lecorded in the Interior Department,
.that is to be considered, according to this see-
•tion, sufficient evidence in law of the validity
of the mortgage.
Mr. SYPHER. It may seem strange to the
gentleman, but it is a fact that the language
of this section is identical with that of the
Northern Pacific act and the Union Pacific
Mr. STEVENSON. That may be so, and
we may have trouble from those acts here-
after.
Mr. WHEELER. I have 110 objection to
qualifying that by saying it shall be deemed
presumptive evidence.
Mr. STEVENSON. Strike out the word
" sufficient."
Mr. WHEELER. Yes; strike out the word
"sufficient" and insert the word "presump-
tive."
Mr. STEVENSON. I accept that.
Mr. MAYNARD. We had better consider
before we make that change. This is to ob-
viate the necessity of any legal registration
laws. Several States have registration laws
which furnish the mode of having documents
of this kind authenticated. This merely pro-
vides that the recording and filing with the
Secretary of the Interior shall have the effect
to show that such documents were executed.
Mr. WHEELER. On examination of this
phrase, I sec it relates only to the execution,
and not to the substance. I prefer, therefore,
that the gentleman shall put his question to
the House.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
to strike out the words which shall be a suf-
ficient evidence of their legal execution."
Mr. STEVENSON. I modified my amend-
ment so as to strikeout the word "sufficient"
and insert " presumptive so it will read,
" which shall be a presumptive evidence of
their legal execution."
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. That amend-
ment should not be adopted. The House will
observe the section as it reads does not make
the filing and recording of a mortgage conclu-
sive evidence of the validity of the mortgage,
but merely evidence of its legal execution. It
does not provide that it shall be sufficient evi-
dence that the proper party made the mort-
gage, but . merely that it was legally execuLed.
It does not say it shall be proof of the validity
of the mortgage, and it does not prove any-
thing like that. It does not cover the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio that it would
make a bad mortgage a good mortgage. All
that is done here is that it is made sufficient
evidence on being filed and recorded in the
Department of the interior to admit it in evi-
dence in any court where it may be necessary
to use it. The amendment should not be
adopted. It would lead to the greatest incon-
venience. The language of the section now
is right and proper, and ought to be allowed
to stand.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is a legal execu
tion?
Mr. WHEELER. Execution according to
the forms of law.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. And that
is all.
Mr. STEVENSON. Execution according
to law. This section as it now stands would
make the mere filing and recording of the
mortgage in the Department of the Interior
proof  
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. It would
not make a forged mortgage a legal and valid
mortgage.
Mr. STEVENSON. If a mortgage is exe-
cuted according to law it is a legal mortgage.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Not unless
executed by the party authorized to make it.
It may be according to the forms of law, and
yet not by the party authorized to make it.
Mr. STEVENSON. A mortgage cannot
be executed according to the law unless exe-
cuted by the parties authorized to execute it
and according to the forms prescribed by law.
There can be no distinction taken there. This
does provide if any mortgage purports to have
been filed and recorded in the Department of
the Interior it shall be proof in any court of
law of its legal execution. It would open the
door wide to fraud.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me ask (he gentle-
man a question.
Mr. WHEELER. Would the Secretary of
the Interior receive it for filing and recording
unless it were legally executed?
Mr. STEVENSON. The Secret" ry of the
Interior might be misled. He is not immacu-
late.
Mr. MAYNARD. How does this affect the
execution of a paper other than is done by the
ordinary registration laws all over the country ?
Mr. STEVENSON". I do not know any
registration law which provides that the filing
and recording of a paper shall be considered
as proof of its legal execution. I do not
know any such law.
Mr. WHEELER. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. From the
earliest period in the State of Massachusetts
the registration of a deed, except in one espe-
cial case, is alwajs sufficient evidence in any
court of its execution according to law. We
have found no difficulty under that system.
Mr. WHEELER. And the gentleman from
Ohio, on my left, says it is also the law of
the State of Ohio.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. It is the law
of the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. KING. I wish to know what is meant
by "a sufficient evidence." We admit that it
is prima facie evidence in all the States, but
we claim that it is not sufficient. It is open
to attack. That is the position we have a right
to claim.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. You have
the right of attack under this section.
Mr. WHEELER. I must now demand the
previous question.
Mr. AMBLER. Before the gentleman calls
the previous question, will he permit me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. WHEELER. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. AMBLER. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from New York, what is the
estimated cost per mile of this road? It seems
to me that the amount for which the company
is authorized to issue bonds, secured by a mort-
gage os the road, is unreasonably high. It is
$40,000 per mile, which it seems to me will
more than cover the actual cost of construc-
tion.
Mr. WHEELER. There have been no
definite surveys from the Colorado river to
San Diego ; but it is known that a portion of
the road is very difficult, and the cost of con-
struction will be very great. Probably an
average of $40,000 per mile is .a very low
estimate.
Mr. AMBLER. Assuming that $40,OOOper
mile is a proper estimate of the cost of the
construction of the road, I inquire whether it
is a proper thing to permit a mortgage for the
entire cost of construction ; whether the cor-
porationthat undertakes to build the road, and
which is to have the benefits resulting from it,
ought not in fact to have some interest of its
own in the work, and to furnish some money
toward the construction of the railroad?
Mr. WHEELER. This amount of §40,000
per mile is in bonds, which are not to be
counted as so much cash on hand. They will
necessarily be sold at some discount. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the previous ques-
tion is seconded, I wish to move to strike out
the proviso from lines thirty four to forty-four
of the fifth section. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That said Texas and Pacific Railroad
Company shall be, and it is hereby, authorized and
required to construct, maintain, control, and oper-
ate a road between Marshall, Texas, and Shreve-
port, Louisiana, or control and operate any existing
road between said points of the same gauge as the
said Texas and Pacific railroad; and that all roads
terminating at Shreveport shall have the right to
make the same running connections, and shall be
entitled to the same privileges, for the transaction
of business in connection with the said Texas and
Pacific railway, as are granted to roads intersecting
therewith.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not yield for that
amendment
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood that the bill
was brought before the House subject to amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wheeler] thatunan-
imous consent was obtained to bring the bill
before the House on the understanding that
when it was brought it would be open to any
amendments on which members might desire
the decision of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. Every amendment which
has been proposed by the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] has been of a tendency
to impair the original rights granted to this
company, and I cannot consent to yield further
to admit such amendments.
Mr. ITOLMAN". Then I raise the question
of order that if the bill comes belorc the
House open to amendment, while there is an
amendment to be proposed to the bill the pre-
vious question cannot be sustained without
bad faith.
The SPEAKER. That is aquestion for the
House and not for the Chair to determine.
The gentleman from Indiana must see thatit is
a point on which the Chair cannot rule. The
gentleman from New York having demanded
the previous question it is the duty of the
Chair to submit, it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will not
sustain it.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] to
allow to be read an amendment which I desire
to submit.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
On ordering the previous question, there
were—ayes 88, noes 20 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. Is further count insisted
on ?
Mr. HOLMAN. If my amendment is not
admitted I think it is a case of bad faith, and
1 insist on further count.
No quorum having voted, tellers were
ordered, and Mr. Wheeler and Mr. Hot.max
were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 10G, noes 21.
So the previous question was secoudcd and
the main question ordered, which was first
on Mr. Stevexsok's amendment, to strike
out, in line three, section three, the word " suf-
ficient" and insert the word "presumptive."
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
Senate Dill, as amended, to be read the third
time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading.
The question recurred upon its passage : and
being put, there were—ayes.lOo, noes 23.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to amend the
