1871.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the memoual of D. 15. Allen &
Co.. representing the Atlantic Steamship and the
Pacific Mail Steamship Companies, for compensation
for carrying the United States mails during the sus-
pension of the overland ma.i! service in 1861 a.ndl8B5,
beg leave to report:
The suspension of the overland mail service, by
reason of Indian hostilities on the plains, took placc
in 1864; that the amount paid for said service annu-
ally was $340,000, while $160,000 annually was paid to
said steamship companies for carrying printed mat-
ter and such letters as might be marked to be spe-
cially sent that way.
When the suspension occurred, leaving the entire
Pacific slope without mails, the Postmaster General
.applied to sa,id steamship companies to carry the
entire mails during the interruption of the overland
route. The companies cheerfully complied, and for
a period of about four months all mails of the United
States for the Pacific were safely and expeditiously
transported bythem. Eor thisservice compensation
is claimed.
The matter has been submitted to the Postmaster
General, who reports that there is justly due D. B.
Allen & Co. the sum of $21,543, in strict conformity
to the spirit of the law.
Your committee believe that said parties arc justly
entitled to a much larger sum, but that sum having
been stated by the Postmaster General as due, and
as the parties mentioned prefer to take that sum
rather than to provoke controversy and incur delay,
will accept the sum in full discharge of their claim,
report a bill for said sum. This claim would have
been paid at the time the services were rendered if
the Department had been in possession of funds with
which to pay the same. A bill passed the Senate
during the last Congress for the same purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam sorry to disoblige
my friend from Maine, but it will not injure
these people very much to iet the bill go over
until to-morrow, and I should like to look at
the papers. I dare say it is all right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
public building at chicago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to ask for the consideration of House
liill No. 459. I think there will be no objec-
tion, and 1 am sure it will cause no extended
discussion.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from Illi-
nois who usually sits nearest me [Mr. Trum-
bull] is not in his seat. I understand that
there is an objection to be made to one pro-
vision of that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is reme-
died, I will say to the Senator from Wisconsin,
by an amendment which I shall offer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Both the Senators from
Illinois are here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings has already con-
sidered the subject, and it is desirable to have
it disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
that he let the bill lie until we get through the
morning business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
will not take a minute to pass it. I believe it
will give rise to no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York will be considered as reserving the
right to object.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of
Ihe Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No.
459) for the construction of a public building
at Chicago, Illinois. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury to purchase, at pri-
vate sale or by condemnation, in pursuance of
the statute of the State of Illinois, the remain-
der of the square of ground not now belong-
ing to the United States on which the custom-
house and post office building, lately destroyed
by fire in the city of Chicago, was situated, if
the same can be obtained either by private
purchase or condemnation at what, m his
judgment, is a fair and reasonable price; but
if not, then it shall be his duty to purchase, m
one of the ways aforesaid, some other square
of ground in the city of Chicago, not more
than two squares distant from the square
on which the building destroyed by fire was
located, and to cause to be erected on the square
purchased a fire-proof building suitable for
the accommodation of the custom-house, sub-
Treasury, postoffice, United States courts, pen-
sion and internal revenue offices. For this
purpose there is appropriated the sum of
$2,000,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
is to cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of the build-
ing, including the cost of the site, exceeding
$4,000,000. Before any motley is expended on
the construction of the building the plan of
the same is to be approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Postmaster General, and the
Attorney General. No money appropriated by
the bill is to be used or applied for the purpose
until a valid title to the land for the site of the
building shall be vested in the United States,
and until the State of Illinois shall cede its
jurisdiction over the site and shall also duly
release and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax or in any way assess the site, or
the property of the United States that may be
thereon, duringthe time that the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be
seen that this is a building to accommodate
the post office, the United States courts, the
pension and internal revenue offices, the sub-
Treasury, and the custom-house. The com
mittee have taken pains to examine, and have
ascertained that the ground will probably cost
§1,000,000, and that a building such as will
be necessary for the accommodation of all
these offices cannot be put up in a fire-proof
manner for a less sum.
In order to prevent any ambiguity, an amend-
ment is proposed in lino eleven, after the word
"price," to insert the words "for the ground,"
and after the word " aforesaid," in linetwelve,
to insert "one of the twenty-four squares of
ground nearest to and immediately surround-
ing;" striking out after the word "aforesaid"
all down to and including the words "distant
from," in line fourteen; so that the bill will
read :
But if ot, then it shall be his duty to purchase,
in one of the ways aforesaid, one of the twenty-four
squares of ground nearest to and immediately
surrounding the square on which said building
destroyed by fire was located.
I will merely say that we are doing no more
that we ought to do for the city of Chicago, and
it will be very graceful for us to pass the bill
promptly, so that whatever moneys can be
properly expended at once may be made avail-
able.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont, from t,he Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The right to ob-
ject to the consideration of the bill, if it should
give rise to debate, was reserved by the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not desire to ob-
ject, nor do I object, nor do I know that I
am opposed to this proposition. It is, how-
ever, a pretty large sum of money which is
proposed to be appropriated for such a pur-
pose as this. I should like to have the sub-
ject thoroughly investigated by the commit-
tee before we vote so large a sum. For the
Government building in the city of Detroit
$110,000 was appropriated, which at that
time was deemed sufficient; perhaps the
building is not large enough now ; but I should
consider an appropriation of $4,000,000 very
extravagant lor Detroit, and, in fact, for
almost any city in the Union.
Certainly I am disposed to do as much as
any other individual here for Chioago ; I do
not know that I shall not favor this four-million
appropriation ; but it looks to me to be a very
large one for the purpose. In no other city in
the West has the Government expended even
so much as one million on a building for these
purposes. I think no one has had so much as
half a million expended. I should really like
to have this matter very thoroughly investi-
gated by the committee before the passage of
the bill is recommended. I am well aware of
the sympathy we all feel for the people of Chi-
cago in their suffering and distress. Our com-
mittee no doubt feel the same sympathy; we
are, of course, all disposed to do anything that
is liberal for Chicago ; but really this seems to
me to be a very large sum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is undoubt-
edly a liberal sum, and it is intended to put up
a first-class building; but it will be observed
by those who are conversant with the business
that the money-order business of the Post
Office Department requires a large amount of
additional room, and perhaps there is no city
in the West that requires a larger amount of
room for that purpose than the city of Chicago.
They have also recently obtained the right to
have goods transported from the Atlantic to
Chicago, as well as other interior cities, and
to pay the duties at Chicago and those cities
instead of at the port where they first arrived.
That will, of necessity, compel them to have
more room than the}' have heretofore had lor
their custom-house. But this building is also
to furnish the requisite accommodations for
the United States courts, for the pension
office, internal revenue and sub-Treasury
offices, as well as the custom-house and post
office. Upon examination of the subject at
the Treasury Department they desired, I may
say, to have a million more than is proposed
to be appropriated by this bill: but it was
finally determined that, the square could be
occupied, and occupied by a proper fire proof
building, for the sum of $4,000,000, of which
probably not less than $1,000,000 will be
necessary for the additional ground that will
be required.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to inquire of the Senator from Vermont whether
this bill contemplates the erection of this build-
ing upon the old site, or the acquisition of a
new one?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It contem-
plates the construction of the building upon
the old site, provided that ground can be ob-
tained ata reasonable price ; but if there should
be any combination by which the Secretary of
the Treasury should tlnnk an exorbitant price
was demanded, power is given to take any one
of the twenty-four squares immediately sui-
rounding and adjoining the old site.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So that the fair
probability is that unless prevented by some
such circumstance as that it will be upon the
old site ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Unquestion-
ably.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the intention,
that it shall be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make this in-
quiry because it has been represented to me
that unless it should be so constructed it might
operate very great injustice to certain interests
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to inter-
fere offensively with a measure which is so
thoroughly local as this in Illinois, and about
which the Senators from that State are un-
doubtedly fully informed, but I have many
acquaintances and friends living in Chicago,
and I have received letters from several of
them on this subject, and it is claimed by them
that a move is on foot to change the location
of that building, which it is thought would be
agreat hardship, a great wrong; and I think so,
too. Now, as I understand this bill, it is left
entirely to the discretion of some Government
official whether the building shall be located
upon the old site or upon any one of the
twenty-four surrounding blocks. 1 am in-
formed—I do not know how the fact is—that
the Legislature of Illinois have authorized the
condemnation of any land in that city for the
