1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Hamilton.
Senate.
raising it upon other articles, say cottons,
woolens, leather, iron, steel, and glass, in all
their varieties of manufacture, and other prime
necessities of life. Take, again, other articles
that are produced here and are in competition
with foreign sugar in all its varieties of manu-
facture, salt, rice, and bituminous coal. For
the fiscal year ending 1871—
Sugar, and the manufactures thereof, yielded the
sum of $33,603,397 51
Salt  1,57(5,837 81
Rice  1,320,813 23
Coal  6^8,135 72
Aggregate revenue from these articles, $37,039,18127
These four articles alone produce one sixth
of the whole revenue from customs. Put these
upon the free list, and you must make up the
deficiency by raising it upon other articles, say
upon wooiens, silks, cottons, paper, tin, hides,
skins, fisli, fruits, flax, and hemp, and other
like- articles. It is proposed to take it off of
coal and salt. Why not off of sugar and rice?
The reason for one is a reason for the others.
Take it. off of tea and coffee, and put it on
the prime necessities of life? A child may
do without either, but upon a cold, raw day
its little body ought to be clad in good warm
raiment, and its little feet in good water-tight
shoes. A. laboring man may do without either,
but to stand his daily work he ought to be well
clad against cold and wet. Better, if a duty
is to go anywhere, put it upon those articles
you may do without than upon those you must
have in order to subsist.
So take it off of sugar, salt, rice, coal, and
such like articles, and put it on other equally
meritorious ones to make up any deficiency,
such as woolens, cottons, hides, skins, leather,
and such likearticles. Onecannot fail atonceto
observe where a free list carries you ; it carries
you into exceptions, arbitrary selections, into
discrimination, and all to end in rank injustice
to the consumer and to no small number of
producers.
There should be a free list, I admit, but it
should be founded upon some general, sensi-
ble, and equitable rule—not upon that of
arbitrary selection as a class interest may
determine. In my judgment, only such arti-
cles ought to be put upon the free list that
will not hear a duty large enough to justify
the expense and trouble of imposing and col-
lecting it. Then tax all besides ; make no in-
vidious distinctions or exemptions, for as soon
as you begin to distinguish between one mer-
itorious article and another, you embark upon
a sea of trouble; but taxing all you will be
able to reduce upon all. and this most desir-
able result with a requisite revenue is what the
country now demands.
But," Mr. Piesident, allow me to call the
attention of the Senate to another mode, and
it is the first one in the order I have named
them, by which the friends of protection pro-
pose to sustain themselves, and it is the most
selfish of all the modes. It is that of exempt-
ing from duty all articles that enter into the con-
sumption of certain interests. ri his policy is
the big fish eating up the little ones; the great
producers or manufacturers eating up the
smaller ones. Take for example the article
of bituminous coal, about which you hear so
much now said; and I take it because I know
something about it; it being a very large in-
terost in my section of J,his cofll
comes into competition with that of is ova
Scotia, anil with no other foreign coal. It is
not used generally for ordinary household pur-
poses at any distance from flie mines, but is
used almost«altogether for generating steam,
ami is so used entirely in New Kngianu. 1 here-
fore. New En aland wants it free Irom duty,
feecause it goes into the consumption of her
great manufacluring establishments; and foi
that reason New England casts a solid vote to
exempt it from duty. Anthracite coal, which
enters into common household consumption
everywhere east of the Alleghanies, has no
competitor for this market; no revenue can
be raised from this source, and it is now free
from duty, and has been for some time.
New England manufacturers want to get
free coal from Nova Scotia, but do they in
turn propose to give to the producers of bitu-
minous coal in the Alleghany mountains free
goods? You propose to take the duty off of
bituminous coal. Will you take it off of
Bessemer steel rails, or other rails out of which
the railroads are constructed to convey this
very coal to a salable market? Nay, so far
from this, at a late session of Congress you
were unjust enough to impose a duty of $27 50
a ton on Bessemer steel rails. You do notpro-
pose to take it off of ironthat goes so largely
into the construction of railroads, engines, and
carriages, and into the construction of canal-
boats, by which this coal is put into market.
You do not propose to take the duty off of
soap for the miner to wash, oil for his lamp,
iron and steel for his pick, leather for his
shoes, woolens and cottons for his clothes, to-
bacco for his comfort. Not at all. All these
great, powerful interests are against this small
one now struggling under its burdens for an
existence; the big fish eating up the little
ones. This is a small interest, confined as yet
to a small locality, having no political signifi-
cance or power, and it must perish if such a
policy can destroy it. You oppress it with all
kinds of burdens. You increase, with your
high tariff upon all articles entering into con-
sumption with it, the cost of production and
of transportation, and you put this interest,
with all these oppressive burdens upon it, upon
the sea-board in competition with foreign coal
not oppressed by a single farthing of taxation.
Fair play is a jewel; and is the selfishness and
iniquity of such a system to be endured by a
just people.
So with your shipping interests, once the
pride of the country and the envy of the
world. Like causes produce like effects. _ It
is but a single interest, confined to locality,
and beyond it possessing no political power,
and but little even there. Arrayed against it
are great and powerful interests which are felt
ill every part of the country, and which, with
combinations of sympathizing interests, con-
trol to a large extent the legislation of the
country.
The iron, copper, lumber, cordage, and
hemp interests are too strong with their com-
binations for this single interest, and therefore
these are protected by legislation, and the ship-
ping interest sacrificed to this clamor, power,
selfishness, and greed. Every article of pro-
duction or of manufacture either in the shape
of labor or of materials going into ship building,
and with every article so heavily taxed how
can we expect to build ships to compete with
the cheap-built ships of other countries upon
the high seas, where there is no power of legis-
lative protection, and where the wind and the
waves are alone to be encountered, and where
competition in its broadest sense has its highest
application without any danger of legislative
interference?
As our ship is put upon the stocks, and as
bolt after bolt is driven in its construction,
and as it assumes its proportions, so along
with it keep paco the like proportious of taxa-
tion, and when finished it is sent abroad upon
the high seas ladened down with the burdens
of taxation to meet in successful competition
the ships of other nations built under a oifler-
ent. policy. It cannot be-, according to the
nature of things, and therefore the wholesale
destruction of this great interest.
Mr. President, I have no fears ot the bound-
ing growth and power of unshackled trade. I
do not fear with our wonderful resources fair
competition with the world. Nature happily
is self-adjusting. Nature is more constant
than legislation. The former is fixed in the
order of all things; the latter the mere re-
flection of man, and generally in his most
selfish mood. The great laws of living and
of social and political or civil intercourse
are fixed in general principles too sacred to be
trifled with by the passions, the selfishness,
and errors of men. Interference with them
and their natural and philosophical relations
and results is a crime against society.
There can bo no healthy legislation upon
this question of competition among indus-
tries and their infinite and delicate details.
There is not wisdom enough in Government,
nor is there that unselfish sense of justice in
man as a legislator, to justify it in undertaking
to adjust the relations of competition in this
respect, so that each shall at last have his
rightful share or profit. It always has and
always will end in failure and the infliction of
positive wrong upon some one. A system
that must in its existence inflict wrong must
itself be wrong.
Individual interest, individual power, indi-
vidual energy, with a Government to protect
him in the enjoyment and just exercise of
these, is what is required to advance the true
interests of all.
Behold, Mr. President, a continent ofStates
around you! We have every variety of cli-
mate and soil, and we may say almost every
variety of production and of manufacture.
Under the Federal Constitution we have un-
shackled trade between all these States. With-
out this Constitution it would not have been
so. Tariff laws and restraints upon trade
would, with the sentiment now prevailing as
to our intercourse with other nations, have
been established in all the States. Can you
for a moment imagine the contrast between
our present happy system of unrestrained trade
and the other system restrained and shackled,
with all its attendant mischiefs and wrongs?
Think of it in this respect, of this great con-
tinent of States, larger than Europe, and see
how true nature is to itself. In New England
you have manufactories not because it is pecu-
liarly adapted to them, for a more temperate
climate, in fact, hot climates are better adapted
to manufacturing pu-poses, for days are
longer, less fuel and light are required, laboris
cheaper, everything is cheaper, and hot coun-
tries have been in the far past the great nurse-
ries of manufactures. Why not so in these
States? Why not the manufactures of New
England in the South? There is no law of
man to interpose against it. The climate, the
sun and the soil settled that question for the
tune, and, until by the great increase of popu-
lation other relations are naturally established.
We know that one suffers from local com-
petition. A furnace having the coal and ore
right by it has necessarily the advantage of
one distantly situated from either or both
coal and ore. One near the market has the
advantage of the one further from it, yet these
things left alone adjust themselves without the
interference of Government.
in the first place, a wise man will not bulla
his furnace far from his fuel or ore, and it ne
does, you may bo sure he has compensating
advantages. Where the . same branches ot
industries exist and flourish under local dis-
advantages, there must be equalizing influ-
ences. A furnace upon the western slope of
the Alleghanies might find it difficult to trans-
port its iron over long lines of railway to the
Atlantic sea-board, and there to come mto
competition with iron cither manufactured
there or brought there by water transportation,
being cheaper than that by rail; butit would ba
