1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
proceedings in Utah unparalleled in the his-
tory of criminal jurisprudence in prosecuting
Mormons for pol\ gamy, &c., under laws passed
by themselves, and winch to them are harm-
less, and with their view of polygamy inap-
plicable to them.
Mr. Speaker, England, as remarked, at
home is monogamous, while in India she is
polygamous. Were s'.ie to attempt so unrea-
sonable, unnatural, unjust, and oruelan act, so
gross an outrage upon criminal jurisprudence,
and the long established rule of legal interpret-
ation, as to enforce her law ot' bigamy, adul
tery, and lewd and lacivious c induct as appli-
cable to single marriages in England, against
polygamous marriiges in India, she would
bring down upon her head the condemnation
of a civilized and Christian world. That
which monarchical England would scorn to
do is now being done and sought to be done
in republican America, in Utah, by United
States officers andjudges.
Bigamy to a Government tolerating monog-
amous marriages only is not bigamy to a
Government, allowing polygamous; and I have
been startled to hear eminent lawyers and
jurists assert that bigamv and polygamy are
synonomous. An expression so characteristic
of carelessness of thought and mature reflec-
tion upon so important a subject is inexcus-
able and unpardonable. Bigamy is simply a
marriage by one already married in excess of
what the law permits.
'J'he bigamy of England is not the bigamy of
India; the bigamy of our State and United
States Governments, is not the b'gamy of the
Moimons. Nor is the bigamy of one polyg-
amous government necessaiily the bigamy of
another polygamous government. For in-
stance, the Mormons recognize polygamous
marriages as a religious rite, whicli must be
celebrated according to the rules of their
church. A plurality of marriages 111 Utah under
civil law would be bigamy to the Mormons;
while in another polygamous government,
allowing polygamous marriages by the civil law
only, a plurality of marriages by the church or
ecclesiastical law would be bigamous. Sir, if
gentlemen would lay aside prejudice and be
governed by principle they could not fall into
such ail error. My argument upon tliis point is
equally applicable to adultery and what is
teuned "lewdly and lasciviously associating
and cohabiting together" under the territorial
law of Utah. In England a man mariying a
second wife, the first, living, ami undivorced,
would be guilty of bigamy ; in India he would
not be. And so in regard to adultery and
lewd and lascivious conduct. In England, a
man living with two women at the same time
would be guilty of lewd and lascivious con-
duct; while in India he would not be, unless
it were with others than his polygamous wives.
Mr. Speaker, the courts and officers of the
United states in thatTerritory not onlyrefuse
to see and recognize this piain and glaring
distinction, but in their eagerness to "hunt
down heresy" and willingness to cater to a
morbid Gentile anti-Mormon feeling have
ignored and trampled under foot one of the
plainest and most prominent elementary prin-
ciples of legal interpretation.
Blackstoue says:
"The fairest and most rational method to inter-
pret the wilt ot' the legislator is by exploring his
intentions atthe tune; I repeat, ' at the time' when
the law was made."
Adopting this rule, can any one fail to see
the interpretaiion which our courts must give
to the laws of that Territory, passed by that
polygamous people, and which, by an unnat-
ural and unwarranted interpretation, are now
being enforced against the Mormon people?
Bliickstone illustrates the principle on this
wise. He says:
" Thus the law of our Edward III forbids nil eccle-
siastical persons to purchase provisions at Koine ; it
might seem to prohibit the buying of gram and
Other victuals; but when we consider that the
statute was made to repress the usurpations of the
papal see, and that the nominations to benifices by
the Pope were called 'provisions,' we shall see that
the restr-rint is intended to belaid upon such pro-
visions only."
Now, sir, applying this most reasonable,
natural, and just rule of interpretation to the
territorial laws of Utah, and who cannot
see that the adultery, lewd and lascivious
conduct of our people and our laws is not the
adultery, lewd and lascivious conduct of
the Mormons or Mormon laws? That it is
the correct rule of interpretation and appli-
cable to the Mormon people see 2 Merivale,
English Reports, 156. And yet a law passed
by the Mormons themselves against what they
consider adultery, and not what we consider
adultery, and against what they consider lewd
and lascivious conduct, and not what we con-
sider lewd and lascivious conduct, is to be per-
verted, twisted, and tortured into an engine
of persecution and oppression against them-
selves.
Sir, it is to stop such flagrant and pal-
pable injustice, and so unparalleled an out-
rage, that my bill was introduced. Let it be
eutorced against Gentiles if they will, but
against the Mormon people never,. as long as
that treaty is the supreme law of the land, or
the rule of legal interpretation is adhered to.
But suppose that 1 am in error in regard to
facts and the law as well as in my arguments
and conclusions, and conceding that the Mor-
mons are not protected by treaty, the law of
Congress, of nations, or conquest, or of mar-
riage, and then, sir, upon the ground of " pub-
lic policy" do I appeal to members of this
House to pass the bill.
If the greater good will result from its pas-
sage, and the greater evil from its non-passage,
then, sir, public policy, as well as the best
interests of society, demands its passage, and
it would be worse than criminal to refuse it.
Mr. Speaker, do we refuse this, then prose-
cutions against that people will be urged with
all the bitterness of Gentile hatred? Men
and women heretofore regarded as honorable,
chaste, and virtuous will be changed into fet'-
ons and criminals. Men and women heretofore
regarded as respectable will be treated with
scorn and contempt. Young ladies and young
gentlemen heretofore regarded as exemplars
and ornaments in society and church are to
be dishonored, degraded, branded as bastards,
and turned loose upon society as monuments
of the prejudice and folly of Americau states-
manship. A laud now blessed with peace,
prosperity, and happiness is to be filled with
lamentations and mournings, and not less
than twenty-five thousand men and women
sent to the penitentiary for living in a state
of marriage which their church and system
of religion have recognized as right in the
sight of God for nearly thirty years. A hun-
dred thousand men and women, husbands and
wives, parents and children, to be dishonored
and disgraced forever, and Utah turned into
an American Botany bay.
Where is there a man whose heart responds
to the cries of suffering humanity that would
not revolt at even ihe contemplation of such a
scene, much less its sad reality? Philanthro-
pists, remember that that people are bone of
your bone and flesh of your flesh. A common
humanity forbids us bringing upon that people
such a sad calamity.
Christians, here isa work for you ; save that
people from so much distress. Are you told
that, they are adulterers and adulteresses?
liemember that your Lord and Master once
said to such a character, who was about to be
stone! to death, "Go; and sin no more."
If he could show, one, such lenity who was
willfully guilty, what may you and 1 and others
say to those who are innocently guilty, if guilty
at all? Mr. Speaker, it is useless to portray
the good to flow from the passage of the bill,
or the evils resulting from its non-passage.
They are apparent to all. The evils conse-
quent upon its passage are not a tithe in com-
parison to the good that will result therefrom.
That people, knowing the prejudices of our
people against polygamy, passed a bill through
their territorial Legislature a few weeks ago
calling a convention to adopt a constitution
in harmony with our views of marriage, that
they may apply for admittance into the Union
as a State, and thus forever settle this vexed
question ; but here again they are met by the
veto of an over-scrupulous Governor, upon
the ground that Congress has not passed a law
authorizing it. Ignorant of the fact that the
power that can authorize in advance can ratify
after thg act is performed; and ignorant of
the fact that eight States, to wit, Vermont,
Tennessee, Maine, Arkansas, Michigan, Flor-
ida, Texas, and Iowa, were admitted into
the Union without enabling acts previously
passed, he casts another- obstacle in the way
of settling the troubles in Utah.
Sir, shall that people continue to be thus
persecuted, or will this Congress pass this act
and give them immediate relief? No mem-
ber upon this floor has a constituency more
strongly prejudiced against that, people and
polygamy than my own ; yet before I will suffer
one hundred thousand men, women, and chil-
dren to be turned into adulterers, adult,resses,
and bastards, 1 will take the responsibility to
vote for the passage of the bill, and appeal to
the magnanimity, generosity, and exalu d sense
of justice of my constituents for a vindication
of my act.
I believe that could the people of the Uni-
ted States but be brought to see the subject in
its true light, not a day would pass but their
prayers, through petitions, would be heard in
this Hall for the passage of this or -a similar
measure of validation and oblivion.
Mr. Speaker, marriage being regulated by
civil as well as ecclesiastical and natural law,
there can be no impropriety in asking Congress
to pass this bill, as it has unquestioned power
to legislate over the Territories. That Con-
gress may validate illegal and void matriages,
I refer to the British Parliament. The most
notable cases of which were legalizingthe mar-
riages celebrated before justices of the peace
in England during the commonwealth ; also in
India, Lower Canada, and Nova Scotia,. (Sliel-
ford on Marriage, 45, 55, 61, 62;) also by the
Legislature of Prince Edward Island, (Ibid.,
64 ;) also by Maine, 2 Maine, 28 ; also by Con-
necticut, 4 Connecticut, 209 That the power
is generally conceded (1 K., 10 Ed., 512.)
That such acts are not retrospective or uncon-
stitutional, (see 2 Peter, 380; 8 Peter, 88;
10 Peter. 294; 11 Peter, 420; 10 Howard,
395; 17 Howard, 456; 4 Wall, 172)
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, permit me to
read what David O. Allen, the celebrated
Christian missionary of twenty five years in
India, has to say upon the subject ot polyga-
mous marriages in his book published as late
as 1856. That devoted man of God says:
"Supposing now that any Hindoo, or Moham-
medan, or Jew who has several wives to whom he
bas been legally married, should give evidence of
piety a.nd wish to make a public profession of Chris-
tianity, what shall be done m respect to his polyg-
amy ? In contracting these marriages he violates
no laws of the country and no laws of God, as he
understood them, any more than Jacob or Eikanah
did in marrying two wives, or than David did in
marrying a yet larger number.
"This man cannot divorce any of his wives, if he
would; and it would be great injustice and cruelty
to them and to their children if he should, lie can not
annul his legal obligations to provide for them. He
is bound, morally and legally, to support them and
to protect them, while professing Hindoo, Moham-
medan, or Jewish religion; and his having become
a Christian, and embraced a purer faith, will not
release him from these obligations, in view of the
Engh&h Government and courts, or of the native
population. Should he put them away, or all but
one, they will still be legally his wives, and cannot
be manied to any other man. And fui ther, they have
done nothing to deserve such unkmdness, cruelty,
and disgrace at his hands."—Patte 5J1.
Mr. Speaker, if polygamy is contrary to the
Christian religion, and it. be the only true
religion, as we understand it, then polygamous
