2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
title of the bill by striking out the word " rail-
road," and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"railway."
Mr. JiOREY. I object to that. If the gen-
tleman will reflect a moment he will find that
this is an act supplementary to an act to incor-
porate the Texas Pacific Railroad Company.
He cannot by his amendment change the title
of the original bill.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman is right,
and I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
message from the president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Por-
ter, his Private Secretary, announced that the
President had approved and signed bills of
the following titles, namely:
An act (H. R. No. 1930) relating to pro-
posals and contracts for transportation of the
mails, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the bill
(H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Augustine
Bacon had been received by the President on
the 13th of April, 1872, and not having been
returned within ten days (Sundays excepted)
after presentation has become a law under the
Constitution of the United States.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed an act (H. R. No. 1301!) to amend the
first section of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the disposition of useless military res-
ervations," approved February 24, 1871; and
An act (H. R. No. 1544) for the relief of
Martin Watkins, of East Windsor, Connec-
ticut.
Mr. Porter also communicated to the House
of Representatives a message in writing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the tariff bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I move to suspend
the rules to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to give notice that
in relation to the centennial exposition mem-
bers are requested to send names from their
respective distiicts to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and also the names of members
of the committee at large, between this day
and Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is of
higher privilege than that of his colleague,
because it is a motion to suspend the rules.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
desires to report from the committee of con-
ference on the legislative, &c., appropriation
bill. It is for the House to decide between
these points of business as to which it will
proceed with.
Mi-. DAWES. I do not wish to trench
upon the business of the House if they will
allow us one hour for discussion in Committee
of the Whole on the tariff bill.
Mr. GARB1! ELD, of Ohio. If we do that
the House will go off', and we shall not have
anybody here wtien the gentleman is through.
Mr. DAWES. I am sure that the House,
anticipating the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, would stay here any number
of hours.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is very
delightful, but unfortunately it is not true.
Mr. DAWES. I desire but one hour to-
day in Committee of the Whole on the tariff.
It does not make any difference with me. The
time for general debate is limited, but the
speakers are multiplying very fast.
The SPEAKER. The highest question of
privilege is that made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who presents the con-
ference report, but the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] would
take him off the floor after the report was
made, even.
Mr. DAWES. I think I must withdraw my
motion, to allow the conference report to be
made, and I will do so.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts who desires to raise the ques-
tion of going to the Speaker's table withdraw
his motion in favor of the conference report?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call «p the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 187i3, and for other purposes."
I do not suppose it is necessary to read the
report, as it has been printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I prefer that it shall be
read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committcc of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. JSfo. 1060) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending Jane 30, 187d, and
tor other purposes, having met, after full and free
conterence have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 35,37, 45, 61, 62, 64,
63. 69, 70, 71, 73, 74, 75, and 78.
That the House ot Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments ot the Senate
numbered 13.15,18.19, 33, 36, 33, 39, 40, 41,42, 43, 44,
60, 63, 65, 72, 79, 80, 85, 86. 87. and 88. and agi ee to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment ot the Uouseto the eighth amend-
ment ot* tho Senato, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: on page 6. line fifteen of
tho bill, strike out all after tho word "fifty," down
to tho end of line sixteen, on the same page, and
insert in lieu the following words: " three thousand
four hundred andtwenty-two dollars and the House
agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
tho twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all after tho woid " after," in line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word " Con-
gress," in line three, and insert in lieuthei'ollowing
words: "the 4th of March, 1875;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to s<aid Senato amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
tho amendments of the House to the fifty-fifth and
seventy-sixth amendments of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to tho amendment of the House to the sixty-sixth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with the following amendment: in lino three of
said House amendment strike out tho word " forty "
and insert in lieu the word "thirty;" and tho House
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment ot the House to the sixty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out of said
House amendment the words "ninety-two,'" and
insert in iieu thereof the word '"eighty,-" and the
House agreo to the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
tho seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agieeto the same with the following amendment-
in lieu of the words proposed to be stricken out
insert the following : Jor one clerk of class Jour, txoo
clerks of clans two, one clerk of class one, and two
a{*ditwnal force in the money-order office,
&7.240; and the Sonate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strike out from the words proposed ro be inserted
m said amendment where it first occurs the word
two." and insert in lieu thereof the word " four
and the Senate agree to thesame.
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the eighty-fourth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out all after
the word three," where it occurs the second time
in line eight of said House amendment down to and
including the words "per annum," in line nine - and
in line nine strike out the word "three" and insert
in lieu the word "seven,-" and in line seventeen of
said House amendment strike out the words "six
thousand," and insert in lieu thereof "fifty-six hun-
dred; and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho ninetieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in line
four of said amendment strike outthoword "fifty"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "twenty-hoe •"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendmentof tho House to theninety-seoond
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: substitute in lieu of
the first clause ol said House amendment the follow-
ing: "that a commission, consisting of the Secretary
of the Interior, the chief engineer of the Army, and
the officer in change of public buildings and grounds
is hereby authorized and directed to examine and re-
port to Congress, prior to the second Monday of JJecem-
, , partie$
concerned, and by which proper connections with other '■
railroads may be made;" and the House agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the ninety-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
substitute in lieu thereof the following: "thatfrom
and after the 1st day of July, 1872. the annual salaries
oj the Second Comptroller, of the Jiegibter, and of the
supervising architect of the Treasury Jfepartment,
shell be $4,000 each; and the annual sctlary of the
judge? of the Court of Claim* shall be $4,5U0 each, and
a sufficient sum to c<irry into effect the provisions ofthU
section to the end ot the fiscal year ending June. 30,1873,
hereby appropriated;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
F. CLARKE,
WILLIAM K NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House,
C. COLE,
JUSTFN- S. MORRILL,
FREDERICK A. SAWDER,
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
The question is now upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to state
briefly the effect of this report. The House
will remember chat when the legislative appro-
priation bill came back to us from the Senate
there were ninety-three amendments which
the Senate had put upon it. All those amend-
ments were considered by the Committee on
Appropriations, and were reported to the
House ior concurrence or noti-concurrence,
according as the judgment of the House might
be. When the bill was returned to the Senate
there were fifty-six matters of difference be-
tween the two Houses. This report represents
the conclusions arrived at by the committee
of conference, who held four or five sessions
and went over the subjects of difference with
a great deal of care, for some of them were
difficult.
Of the fifty six amendments of the Senate
in difference between the two Houses it curi-
ously happens that exactly twenty-eight have
been receded from by the House and twenty-
eight have been receded from by the Senate.
There was no intention of balancing matters
so as to.come out in that way. There were
twenty-four cases where the House receded
absolutely, and twenty-three cases where the
Senate receded absolutely. There were five
cases where the Senate receded with amend-
ments, and four cases where the House re-
ceded with amendments.
J-he material put in by the committee of
conference is very slight, and is found' only
iu the words of this report printed in italics.
If there are any especial points on which any
gentleman desires to ask a question, I will
now yield for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I find
this in the report of the committee of con-
ference :
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-fifth amendmentoi'the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all alter the word "after," in line two of said
amendment down to and including the word "Con-
gress, in line three, and insert in lieu thefollowing
words: the 4th day of March, 1875;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That amendment relates to the publication
of the laws in the newspapers. Is the effect
of the recommendation of the committee of
conference that after the 4th of March, 1875,
the law will be repealed for publishing laws
in newspapers?
°f Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUfLEH, of Massachusetts. I would
like to ask further, then, as the House has
twice over voted against this repeal, why the
commit'ee of conference, against the judg-
ment of the House, consented to that repeal?
Mr. GAKFiELD, of Ohio. To answer the
gentlemaiij all I have to say is that where two
