1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Hear what tlie presidents of the three salt
companies say about the price of salt iu answer
to a Boston publication:
"Second. The circular aforesaid states that 'the peo-
ple pay to the salt monopolists $10,000,000per annum
increased cost of salt, caused by the outrageous duty
upon that article.' This surpasses anything in the
tales of the Genii or the Arabian Nights' Entertain-
ments. The price of domestic salt to-day in all of
the markets of the country, deducting the actual
cost of barrel or package, of transportation and ex-
penses of sale, does not exceed twenty-three cents
per bushel; and, inasmuch as the whole quantity
produced^ iu the United States is not more than
twenty million bushels, the salt monopolists receive
only the sum of S4.600.000 for manufacturing all the
domestic salt annually consumed in this country.
J?rom this statement, which we are prepared to verify
at any time or place, it will be seen that the whole
people of the United States pay for the actual man-
ufacture of American salt consumed by them less
than one half of the sum which the circular afore-
said assures them that they pay for the mere increase
of cost produced by the tariff alone. We here beg
leave to add that the price of salt everywhere is not
at all in excess of the actual cost of production, if
we include in such cost a very low rate of interest
upon the capital invested."
Mr. President, what is the occasion, then,
of all the exclamations of my honorable friend
on the subject of the production and price of
salt? It is clear, not only upon the veracity
of these men, but upon elaborate investigations
made heretofore by unfriendly agents, that the
salt manufacturers are earning only a very
moderate and indeed inadequate interest upon
their capital. It is obvious that there is no
excess in the price of salt. It is obvious that
the whole cost of salt is a mere bagatelle when
considered in reference to the masses of the
people whom the Senator talks about. Iu
regard to " a free breakfast," it amounts to no
more than the dust in the scale—to a sum per
capita too small to be felt, even if you suppose
the price increased to the whole amount of the
duty. It is obvious, too, that the American
manufacturer depends upon the duty; that
without such a tariff as now exists he would
go to the wall, and the country be left depend-
ent on the foreign markets, to be interrupted
in case of war, or cut off by anything which
might interrupt international exchange and
foreign commercial transactions.
Mr. President, as I said, I rose not to dis-
cuss this at length, but to state the few facts
I have referred to 5 and I say to the honorable
Senator in conclusion, that in my judgment if
he cannot find upon the tariff schedule a bet-
ter text than this, the case of the ultra free-
trade revenue reformers is more desperate
than I supposed it. If no better flaw than
this can be picked in the tariff schedule, it
seems to me the free trade ease will be hope-
less as long as we must raise revenue to pay
interest on the public debt, pensions to our
soldiers, and the other public expenses.
I wish to say a few words about this bill in
general. The Senator from Indiana this morn-
ing said that other Senators with whom he acted
had appealed to him to withdraw an amend-
ment. I can vouch for that, because I was
one of those who made that appeal. I asked
the Senator to withhold a proposition to dis-
miss internal revenue taxes, and I am obliged
to him for withholding that amendment. My
object, like his, is to make an end of this bill;
to let tea and coffee go free, and go at once,
if they are to go, to the end that the great
body of men interested in that trade may not
be kept longer in the pillory, injured and un-
certain, day after day and week after week, as
to the late awaiting them. 1 am as earnest as
the Senator from Indiana, and I do not doubt
his earnestness, in a determination to dismiss,
as far as we can dismiss, internal taxes; and
he withholds his amendment at the request of
his associates upon the understanding that an
opportunity to strike off internal taxes is to be
presented soon upon another bill.
And here, Mr. President, I wish to say a
word of the calculation of the Senator from
Ohio, that when we have adopted the pending
bill, and dealt with internal taxes, and gone
as %r as I hope we shall go, $54,000,000 of
taxes will have been dismissed. I do not
agree to that estimate. I do not agree to the
item, of $8,000,000 which the Senator deducts
owing to the reduction of ten per cent. .by one
of the sections before us, upon a body of
enumerated articles. My belief is that as the
country has demonstrated its bounding power
and progress in the past, so we shall have
during the next fiscal year a demonstration
that the increase of importations, the increase
of activities, the commercial growth on every
side, will bring up the receipts from customs
duties beyond the estimate assumed by the Sen-
ator, when he says that $8,000,000 will be lost
from the present revenue by dismissing the ten
per cent. I should not be at all surprised if
there should be nothing lost in the result. I
should be greatly surprised if $8,000,000 or
any such sum should be lost.
l am speaking now, I say, to the Senator
from New Jersey, who I observe is giving me
his attention, merely upon the question of
revenue. I am not speaking of the propriety
of dismissing ten per cent, of certain duties.
I am challenging the balance-sheet which has
been presented to us by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I entirely agree
with the statement of the Senator from New
York; and that it would have been true if he
had gone a great deal further. I believe that
the reduction of ten per cent, on the duties
will vastly increase our imports, and that
increase of imports will be sapping the very
wealth and life of th'is country, and therefore
I am opposed to that reduction.
Mr. CONKLING-. My honorable friend
makes a very cogent suggestion in favor of the
doctrine of protection. I remind him again
that I was exclusively upon the question of
revenue, in answer to the honorable Senator
from Ohio, who cautioned us that by reducing
ten per cent, on this schedule of imports we
were dismissing $8,000,000. I doubt that.
The Senator from New Jersey doubts it, and
he states very cogently one of the reasons 011
which he founds his doubt.
But, Mr. President, assuming the calcula-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, that we shall
have dismissed $54,000,000 by making tea and
coffee free, by adding the proposed free list,
by reducing ten per cent, of the duties enum-
erated in the second section, and finally by
striking from internal taxes every one save the
tax 011 malt and spirituous liquors, and to-
bacco—assuming all that, I am ready in ad-
vance to pledge myself to vote for it, feeling
all the responsibility of my vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the tax on banks
and banking.
Mr. MORTON, (to Mr. Conkling.) You
do not include that.
Mr. UONKLING. No, I do not. I was
not referring to the tax on banks and bank-
ing. I had not that in my mind, and I do for
convenience omit it now, although as far at
least as the suggestion of the tax on banks and
banking touches the simple question of needed
revenue, I will not omit it. I have satisfied
myself, after an examination which has not
been wanting in a wish to reach the truth, that
upon every theory, upon every probability
which we are bound to embrace, we can dis-
miss $54,000,000 of taxes and even a larger
sum, and still keep good our sinking fund by
a deposit of $22,500,000 annually, pay the
interest of the debt, and pay some of the
principal every year—quite as large a sum of
principal as I think should be asked at this
time from the people of the country. Taking
any estimate we have heard, 1 dismiss solici-
tude on the subject of the reduction of taxes
until reduction shall pass the bound of
$55,000,000.
If so be that in reducing taxes we should
ever find a, deficiency, there will be healing in
it. Nothing like an empty Treasury checks
and restrains appropriations. Nothing like
a diminution of taxes and making few the
objects of taxation will enable us to enforce the
revenue laws honestly, and to reduce to the
smallest number the public agents, the office-
hol'ders by whom the taxes are gathered. If
(as I have no apprehension) we should fall a
little below the line which shall turn out to
mark necessary revenue, we can correct the
error hereafter. The growth of the country
will correct it'; and I would far rather run
such a risk than to do harm on the other side.
Therefore, Mr. President, I am ready to take
this bill as it is with the ten per cent, reduc-
tion, to which the Senator from New Jersey is
opposed, or without it, as the Senate shall de-
cide, with the free list as it will be, with the
assurance, in which I know the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Pennsylvania will
not disappoint us, that very soon we shall have
an opportunity to pass judgment upon such
remnant of internal taxes as remains. I am
willing to take the bill, stand by it as it is, vote
against this amendment, which I consider a
very bad one, upon its merits, and against
amendments with more to recommend them,
which less ingenuity I think might contrive,
and let the bill go to the House. The chief
objection I find to it is in the fact that protec-
tion is needed in certain isolated cases which
I should be glad to suggest here, and I would
suggest them but for a reason which I beg to
assign in answer to many letters of constituents
who would like the sense of the' Senate upon
increasing the duties upon certain articles.
The House of Representatives has made a
question of prerogative and privilege as to
our right to originate money bills, as they are
called in the British Parliament, revenue bills
as we call them here. The Senate has main-
tained the ground that a bill which dismisses
a tax, as we did dismiss a tax some time ago
when we repealed the income tax, is not a
bill for raising revenue, and is not therefore,
in the constitutional sense, a revenue bill.
The House combats even this position. But
everybody must see that a distinction exists
between repealing a tax and laying a tax to
raise revenue. I say a distinction. It. is not
necessary that I should express my opinion of
the force, or substance, or extent ot that dis-
tinction. But there is in form and in fact a dif-
ference between repealing a tax, and inventing
a new one. If, in addition to reducing duties,
as the House has invited us to do by sending
us a bill for that purpose, we import into it pro-
visions increasing taxes or laying new ones,
the bill may be stranded upon a prerogative
motion in the House, and go to the table, and
thep, regardless of their merits, propositions
to increase duties would fail, and therefore,
perhaps, they had better not be advanced here
now. Accepting this view, I hope that iu these
respects the House will exercise its undoubted
right to make such changes as should be made
in the bill; but mean time I am glad, for one,
to accept this opportunity to make so many
articles free and" to lift from the hands of
labor thirty-odd millions of taxes, with a
promise that in a few days we will be able to
dismiss enough in addition to have lifted be-
tween fifty and sixty millions of the burden
which now rests upon the enterprise, the
industry, and the labor of the nation.
Meantime, of course, as I have said, I shall
vote against making salt free, as I should
whatever might be the bill before us, regard-
ing such a proposition as one of the most rec-
reant and flagrant abandonments of the idea
of protecting American labor that could be
selected in the' whole range of tariff duties.
Mr. BLAIK obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
Mr. BLAIR. Does the Senator wish to
address the Senate?
 Jr' Only for a moment.
 Jr' ^ yield to the Senator.
Mr. hEMON. Mr. President, I have care-
fully examined this whole question relating to
the manufacture, the cost, the profit and loss,
and the duty upon salt; and eoiiouiriiig with
the views expressed by my colleague, 1 will
