152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Senate.
The Tariff—Mr. Hamilton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
equally difficult for iron to bear transportation
from the sea-board over the Alleghanies to
come into competition with iron made there.
How could Government interpose to regu-
late these apparent disadvantages in manufac-
tures or productions? They are prohibited
from doing it within the limits of the United
States. The same principles that apply here
and as a true policy would interdict any in-
terference by Government, apply to all pro-
ductions and manufactures wherever produced
or made; and whenever Government under-
takes to intermeddle with them for the purpose
of giving legislative advantages to individuals
or classes, it is not only sure to entail injuries
npon other individuals and classes, as I think
I have already shown, but general injury upon
the country at large.
Take again, Mr. President, these great arti-
cles, both prime and what I may choose to call
the secondary necessities of life, and the rev-
enue they yield:
Sugar, and the manufactures thereof.. $33,603,397 51
Tea  8.380.762 93
CoflLe  10,979,980 08
Salt  1.576.S37 81
Rice  1,32,1,813 23
1'ruits .-... 3,428,106 -16
Cottons, and manufactures of.  10.775,522 It
"Wool, and manufactures of  33,650,729 30
Silk, and manuiactures of.  17.967,214 80
l?lax, and manufactures of  6.398,578 23
Leatuer, and manufactures of  3.8j9,992 07
Giast*. and inanulaetures of  2,461,477 67
Iron and steel, and manutactures of... IS,682,145 44
Lead  1,869,724 34
Bituminous coal  538,135 72
Aggregate revenue from these fif-
teen articles     $155,477,017 73
The whole revenue collected for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871, was, as I have hith
erto stated, $202,446,673 32. showing the im-
portant fact that $155,500,000 were collected
from these fifteen articles, leaving but $46,-
500,000 to be collected from the numerous
other articles liable to duty to make up the
whole amount of revenue derived from duties
for that year.
Now, Mr. President, the simple proposition
is again presented which of these fifteen im-
portant articles shall go upon the free list.
Which shall you pick in their order as to merit
to go free of duty? Shall you pick sugar and
manufactures of, embracing molasses, &C.;. or
rice, tea and coffee, or cottons, woolens, flax
and manufactures of, glass, iron, leather and
manufacturers of, or bituminous coal; or shall
all, lor they are all equally meritorious, enter-
ing into general consumption, and are either
of primary or secondary necessity; or shall
neither, and thus all help to make up the re-
quired ainuunt of revenue, and thus equalize
as far as piacticable the burdens of each ; and
thus avoiding what is so much desired in a
correct public sense, a discriminating act of
injustice again.-,t some; or will you, as it is
pioposed, put those articles which are of but
secondary necessity upon the free list, aud
put the burden of the taxation from which
they are relieved upon the articles of prime
necessity ?
But it may be and is said that the revenue
now raised annually from customs duties is
more than is required for tile legitimate wants
of the Government. I admit it. We can do
with much less. A reduction of expenditures
is required, aud a large reduction without
detriment to the service can be made and in
almost every Department of the Government
and every branch of the service. A reduction
of* expenses ought of course to that extent
secure a reduction of the revenue, and there-
fore a reduction of duties and other taxes.
But in making this reduction the same gen-
eral principles to which 1 have adverted, aud
which I would enforce, would apply here,
ileduce upon all. Keauce it upon one article
or exempt it altogether, and let it remain upon
others, is a favoritism in legislation and a
vtrong in taxation that never can commend
itself to the just consideration of the objects
of taxation for the support of Government.
When you go beyond this, and enter into the
economy of sumptuary laws, and of that
broader field still, that of regulating and con-
trolling the industries of men, then other prin-
ciples apply; but as it is not pretended that
any direct, effort to these latter objects is at
all contemplated, there is no occasion for say-
ing anything more than 1 have already said
respecting them.
Mr. President, I propose now to call the
attention of the Senate to another branch of
this subject. It has always been surprising to
me how measurably unconscious the consumers
of the country are as to the amount of taxes
they do really pay to the Government in the
shape of duties ; and as to the unascertained
but still vast amount paid to the manufacturer
or producer by reason of the enhanced prices
of the domestic articles caused by the duty,
they appear to be utterly unconscious, espe-
cially when we reflect how plain it must be
when understood and considered.
The value of the foreign meichandise im-
ported into this country lor the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871, which was liable to duty and
went into consumption amounted to $459,
597,057 86. This amount of foreign merchan-
dise was imported, sold to and consumed by
the people for the last past fiscal year. Upon
this amount of merchandise was collected the
round sum of 8202,446.673 32 as revenue ; or,
in other words, the people are obliged to
pay this duty of $202,446,673 32 before they
can get these articles of merchandise worth
$459,597,057 86; so that when they come to
buy for consumption this merchandise costs
the people $602,043,731 18.
Beside, the duty thus collected was paid in
gold, which commanded an average premium
of twelve per cent, during the year 1871, and
therefore in currency there was paid for this
$459,597,057 86 worth of merchandise the
sum of $226,740,272 11, just about half the
value of the merchandise. And beside, too,
the intermediate merchants, who had to pay
this vast sum of money from hand to hand
from the time it left the custom-house until it
finally reached the consumer, could not afford
to advance it without a reasonable interest
or profit on it. So that when the consumer
comes to buy he must not only pay this duty,
but he must pay interest upon it from the
time it was paid over to the Government by
the importer until he comes to consume it.
These intermediate people borrow the money
to pay this duty or take it out of their business
or capital, and this use of their money must,
in the economy of things, be paid for by some
body, and that somebody is necessarily the
consumer, or else the business is not conducted
upon the fixed laws of trade, and these people
must break or at least not prosper. This in-
terest or profit upon the money thus advanced
by the merchants to pay the duty will not, in
my judgment, be less than five per cent.. and
it may be considerably more, so that we have
in addition the sum of from eleven to fifteen
million dollars to be paid by the consumer on
account of the tax or duty itself, without ref-
erence at all to the merchandise or its value.
The average tax or duty, then, to be paid by
the consumer upon this merchandise would
be fifty per cent., or within a fraction of it.
Fifty per cent, is an enormous tax upon the
right or privilege, just as you please to have it,
to buy what you want in order to enjoy life, or
to live at all. Fifty per cent, is the one half,
and applied to your other affairs in the shape
of taxation would present a spectacle indeed.
When you pay one per cent-, upon the assess-
able value of your property there is murmur-
ing, and, in times of money stringency, loud
complaints. That Government that would
undertake to take directly from the farmer
one third of the wheat and corn, or tobacco
or cotton raised, or one third of the flocks, for
the support of the Government, would be
so broken and scattered that its pieces never
could be found.
And yet this is really and praclically done,
but in a way so covert and insinuating that so
far from creating discontent it is regarded and
upheld by many as a cardinal virtue in taxa-
tion. See how plain this can be made when
brought home to the common incidents of life.
A farmer wants to buy five dollars' worth of
this merchandise. I am now speaking of its
real untaxed value. The duty upon it being
fifty per cent, he must therefore take $7 50 in
order to get it; you get five dollars' real worth
of merchandise and $2 50 worih of tax or
duty. You can go to the custom-house or to
the vessel at your docks and buy your live dol-
lars' worth of merchandise from the importing
merchant and pay him for it, but you cannot
move until you pay to the Government official
$2 50, the tax or duty upon it.
Now what does this really do? You take
two sheep of your flock worth §2 50 a.iece
to pay tor your merchandise, and one to pay
your tax of $2 50 upon it. Without the duty
you would have your third sheep at home, or
you could have so much more merchanui-e
for it; and so on, if you want $100 worth of
merchandise you must liave §150 to pay fur
it; one hundred dollars to the vendei ot it,
and fifty to the Government. Surely this does
appear to be a large sum of money to pay for
so small a transaction. The consumers in the
country do not go to the custom-house to buy,
but their merchants do, or buy from those who
do, and when they sell this merchandise from
their counters at home they sell it for what it
has really cost them with this profit added;
if they do not the bankrupt law is their right-
ful heritage, and they will have united with
their experience as merchants a very possible
knowledge of the mysterious workings of this
law.
Or I will present it in another view. One
of your common farmers realizes say $1,000
from the salable products of his (arm annu-
ally. We can certainly estimate that at least
$000 ot this will be required at present ruling
rates to purchase manufactured or other arti-
cles not produced by him, for the use of his
family and to carry on his farming operations,
if these articles are of those imposed or are
of those affected by the imported ones which
he is obliged to purchase, we know that he
pays $600 for what be ought to get for $400
if they were not taxed. The fifty per cent,
duty upon them makes this difference. So
that we see here the rate ot taxation tins
farmer pays. How enormous and oppressive
it is! . Without this he would have his $200to
put to other uses or have the additional quantity
of merchandise tor his enjoyment aud com-
fort. How can we be blind to the gnawing
rapacity of such a system of taxation, not that
we are to be exempt entirely from taxation,
but that our efforts should be directed con-
stantly toward a modification and niodeiation
of so severe a system.
There is no fancy in this, no speculation
but all a plain, substantial fact.
It may be said that this extraordinary tax
is only one of a class, and is paid only upon
consumption, and by some, too, oniy upon
articles of ioreign consumption, and not upon
tangible or substantial property; and that,
therefore, it is limited in extent. This may
be qualifiedly true, but it does not either alter
the principle or the one solid, indisputable
fact that in currency, and including the in-
