1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3789
the truth, as you were in depriving us of a credit
which you thought was falsely claimed.
I am, very respectfully, yours,
JAMES D. HAGUE.
Hon. A. A. Sargent, Washington,
Mr. HOAR. I offer the followimg amend-
ment, to come in after the paragraph last
read :
For the observation of the transit of Venus across
the disc of the sun, to be expended with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Navy, for the con-
struction of instruments, $50,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For pedestal for the equestrian statue of General
Winfield Scott, authorized by act of July 15,1870,
$42,000.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I offer the following, to
come in as an additional paragraph after the
paragraph last read:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to provide
a law library for tbe Territory of Colorado, $2,500,_
said library to be selected by the chief justice of
said Territory.
Mr. SARGENT. I presume there is no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. Before the paragraph
was read making an appropriation for a pedes-
tal for tbe equestrian statue of General Win-
field Scott 1 rose to move to strike out t"hat
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Colorado,
[Mr. Chaffee.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rose at the same
time as the gentleman from Colorado, to move
to strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not
observe the gentleman from Illinois until
the Clerk had concluded reading the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Colorado, [Mr.
Chaffee.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is my motion not
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
it is not in order to return to the paragraph
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 supposed that the
amendment the gentleman from Colorado was
about to offer was to that paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Colorado.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that the amendment is not in order, not
being germane to the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that it
is in order.
The amendment of Mr. Chaffee was
to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move to strike
out the paragraph in relation to the paragraph
for a pedestal for the statue of General Scott,
and I do it for the purpose of asking a ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
move to strike out what the committee has
just inserted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rose to move to
strike out the paragraph in relation to the
pedestal for the statue of General Scott as soon
as it was read, but the Chair recognized
another member. I hope the Chair will not
be quite so technical, but will allow me to
make an inquiry about this appropriation
of $40,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
on that point of order and ruled that the gen-
tleman may return to it by the consent of the
committee.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I insist that
I rose in time to move the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman was not
recognized in time. ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask a
question, and I hope the gentleman from Maine
[ Mr. Hale ] will allow the question to be
&sk6(i
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move to
add to the paragraph :
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
be paid for erecting a pedestal within the District
of Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order, as the paragraph has been passed
upon. The gentleman from Illinois evidently
does not understand the Chair. The para-
graph was read and passed, and after that the
gentleman from Colorado [Mr. Chaffee]
offered his amendment relative to a law
library for his Territory, and it was not until
after that amendment had been adopted that
the gentleman from Illinois rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But, Mr. Chairman,
I was on my feet at the time the Chair recog-
nized the gentleman from Colorado to offer
his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not see
the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I cannot help
that; I am tall enough to be seen.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not de-
bate the matter further with the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. From what decision?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That I am not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not ruled
that the gentleman is not in order in rising
now. He rules that an amendment to the
paragraph in relation to the pedestal for the
statue of General Scott is not in order, that
paragraph having been passed by the commit-
tee and other matter inserted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is just what I
appeal from.
Mr. HOAR. I ask leave to state to the
Chair that I myself saw the gentleman from
Illinois rise while the paragraph was being
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
dispute that; but the Chair did not see the
gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only desire to
know whether there is any law authorizing this
appropriation for a pedestal ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly there is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to know
while we are appropriating $42,000 for a ped-
estal how much is appropiiated for a statue,
and what law there is authorizing it, and where
it is to be put. These items of appropriation
of $40,000 and $200,000 are of some account,
and we ought not to pass tBem over in this
hasty manner without at least getting the in-
formation that may be desired on the subject.
The gentleman from Ohio says there is author-
ity, but I think very few of the members of the
House have ever seen it. Very likely there is
such authority, but if there is, there is no harm
in producing it and reading it.
Mr. DAWES. Two years ago we made an
appropriation, I think, of $20,000 for a statue
of General Winfield Scott. Subsequently I
think the appropriation was increased in some
manner so as to make the amount f30,000, I
do not know exactly how much.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well now this seems
to be a very extraordinary state of facts.
Mr. DAWES. This appropriation is for a
pedestal for the statue for which we appro-
priated some two years ago.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What I want to know
is, how much we are to pay for the statue?
One gentleman near me says $10,000, and
another $20,000. I want to know if this statue
is completedV We are paying more for a
pedestal to put this equestrian statue on than
we pay for the statue.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman may state
his point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. My point of order is that
the only question before the committee for
consideration now is the appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent,] who is a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, if he knows 
Mr. SARGENT. I did not rise to answer
any question of the gentleman, but to make a
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I inquire of'
the Chair if he knows where this pedestal is
to be put? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question
for the Chair to answer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does any gentle-
man in the House know where it is to be put?
Some gentlemen say it is to be put upon one
of the wings of the Treasury Department.
Mr. SARGENT. I insist upon my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has sus-
tained the point of order. The five minutes
of the gentleman has expired also. .The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Committee of the
Whole?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
appeal.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy-yards:
Navy-yard, Portsmouth, New Hampshire: for
repairs of all kinds, $75,000: for repairs of floating-
docks, $80,000; for permanent improvements,
namely, for bridge connecting Seavey'a Island,
$4,000; in all, $159,200.
Mr. HA.ZELTON, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by adding
the following:
For constructing and testing experimental breech-
loading boat-howitzers, $10,000.
I ask the Clerk to read a letter from the
Navy Department which will explain the
necessity for this amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
■Washington, April 24,1872.
Sir: A proposition has been made to this Depart-
ment, the details of which are before your commit-
tee, for furnishing and testing a new system of
breech-loading howitzers lor boat service, which
is deemed to possess such merit that we desire to
have it put to proof. I therefore ask that an amend-
ment be inserted in the naval appropriation bill
adding $10,000 for the purpose named.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
GEO. M. EOBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. A. H. Cragin, Chairman Committee on Naval
Affairs, United States Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Navy-yard, Mare Island, California: for repairs
of all kinds, $75,000; for repairs of floating-doclis,
§100,009; tor permanent improvements, namely, tor
commencing dry-dock. $200,000; continuing quay-
wall and wharves. i30.000; continuation of rail-
tracks, $5,000; in ail, $4i0,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read, for the purpose of inquir-
ing of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] who has charge of this bill whether it
is the purpose of the Committee on Appro-
priations to try and reduce the number of
uavy-yards in the same way that they propose
to reduce the number of our armories and
arsenals. I notice that in this bill the appro-
priations for navy yards are very heavy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to
the gentleman that in general we follow the
same line of policy, but not to the same ex-
tent that we adopted in regard to arsenals.
There must be a greater number of places
where ships can be repaired than of places
where guns can be repaired. Wherever there
are harbors there must be, not a great way
apart, places where ships can take refuge and
be repaired.
