1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
agents of this edict, and a new schedule of
charges at once goes into effect. But the
farmer who is shipping his gram to market
reeeives no more than before, and is therefore
compelled to subtract from the proceeds of his
harvest this additional tribute levied by the
owners of the railroad. Indeed, the entire
inland country of the West is, in a sense, at the
mercy of these railroad operators. We read
in history that the barons of the feudal ages
owned the lands, and at their pleasure levied
tribute on their subjects; and history repeats
itself in the fact that these monopolies accom-
plish the same end, only through a different
channel.
It has been argued that the construction of
new roads would tend to destroy these com-
binations by creating a healthy competition;
and to that end the people have involved them-
selves in debt arid given freely of'their means,
while Congress for the same purpose has made
princely grants of land. But each new road
as soon as completed at once combines with
others, and thus relief fails to come. On the
contrary, the monopolies are on the increase
from year to year, and competition is thus
diminished. To-day the railroad lines be-
tween all important points throughout the
country are no more nor less than monopolies.
But it may be said that the railroads have
developed the country and rendered valuable
large tracts of land which otherwise were en-
tirely worthless. This in a measure is true;
and I am free to admit their right to control
the vast tracts of land which have been ceded
to them for that purpose; yet I deny their
right to control directly or indirectly, by com-
binations or otherwise, the lands reserved by
the Governmentand nowcultivated by settlers.
These capitalists also have other means
•which enable them to collect and control more
completely the commercial and industrial in-
terests of the country. They have a method
of creating fictitious capital which is termed
" watering the stock," and which enables them
at pleasure to levy tribute on the country.
These are facts which cannot be successfully
controverted ; and close observers are begin-
ning to fear lest a day may come when these
restless energies, having mastered the com-
merce of the country, will seek to gain pos-
session of the Government itself. Is notdan-
ger to be apprehended when combinations are
lormed which have the capacity to toss at will
a million dollars into this scale or that, with
all the corrupting influences that follow ?
Wealth may be a blessing when not aggregated
in large quantities in the hands of unscrupu-
lous men. It is like the ram which revives
the fields when graciously given in the form
of a shower, but which brings loss and destruc-
tion when collected in an ungovernable tor-
rent. Jn central Iowa, where, as before shown,
the genial sun and prolific soil combine to
rewaid the farmer with a bountiful harvest,
the remark is common that " it costs one
bushel of wheat to send another to market
so that grain becomes a drug and the devel-
opment of the State is obstructed. I am told
that corn is now used as fuel even in the
region of the great Iowa and Missouri coal-
field, and our vast coal interests also lie idle
for the want of reasonable rates of transport-
ation to market. This should not be so, and
would not be if our freights could be trans-
ported to the river at a fair price. But the
rates of charges on the railroads are so framed
that grain from central Iowa can belaid down
in Chicago almost as low as at the Mississippi
river, and in this way the river towns are
crippled and the development of the entire
State is obstructed.
Thus is commerce retarded and grain left to
rot in the crib. The eosj, of freight Iroin Iowa
to jSew Orleans, by water, should not be over
ten conts per bushel on grain, SO that just
rates from the inteiior to the river would en-
able us to ship our products to a southern mar-
ket, where the quotations are above those of
Chicago and the Bast. For these evils I think
relief could be found in a law to prohibit rail-
roads from charging more for a given distance
than for a. greater distance, as between com-
peting points. Such a law would at once in-
crease to a large extent the value of every
bushel of grain in central Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion I have only to
say that in my judgment this question affords
the greatest problem of the age, And it is a
source of congratulation that the Committee
on Commerce, with the able and distinguished
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sbellabargeb] at
its head, has this subject under consideration ;
and I have only to urge that the subject may
receive the careful and deliberate attention of
the House, that a wise and judicious law may
be enacted that will unlock our commerce and
utilize our vast coal interests which now lie
dormant.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, obtained the
floor.
CUBAN BELLIGERENCY.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Williams] will yield to me for a- mo-
ment, I will ask leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks that I have prepared on
the subjcct of Cuban belligerency, and w)jieh
I will not take time to deliver, as I had intended.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted. The remarks will be found
in the Appendix.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker,
the subject upon which I purpose to make
some remarks at this time, is one occupying
to a large extent public attention, and I deem
it of sufficient importance to ask the attention
of the House to an investigation of its merits.
It is called civil service reform, and it is
claimed bv those who advocate a new system
that the old one is radically wrong, and that
the public interests demand a new system by
which the country shall secure greater honesty,
capacity, and efficiency in the several depart-
ments connected with our civil service. We are
asked by this new system proposed to abandon
the policy and manner of appointment to tbe
civil service adopted and acted upon during the
whole period of our previous history. Before
I can consent to embrace this new revelation
of these latter-day saints, which ignores tbe
established customs of the country from its
organization, I desire to be fully auvissed as to
its ability, if adopted, to cure the defects of
our present system, and give us one,more pure,
perfect, and complete. Should 1 be able to
come to the conclusion that the proposed plan
will accomplish this without violating the Con-
stitution, or the rights of the whole people to
a lair distribution of public trusts, I shall with
great pleasure give it my undivided support.
Before proceeding to discuss the merns or
demerits of the proposed system sought to
be inaugurated, I desire to call the attention
of the House and the country to the manner
in which its first enactment was forced upon
the country. In looking back to that short
period, I find no petitions coming up to Con-
gress from the people asking a cnange of the
established policy of the country. I hear no
murmuiings of discontent from the public
press, these watchful guardians of the public
interests, with perhaps an occasional journal
whose editor has failed to secure an appoint-
ment to some post office in his own locality ;
or, perchance, from some old, superannuated
statesman, whose long term of service in the
halls of legislation have become impressed
with the importance of making the tenure of
the offices in a republican government for life.
I am somewhat surprised, Mr. Chairman, that
during a period of nearly a ceutury since the
organization of our Government the wisest
statesmen have been born, lived, and died, and
during their long public life guided safely the
helm of the ship of State, failed to discover
that the manner of appointment to positions
in the civil service under the Constitution was
corrupt, demoralizing, and tended to over-
throw our republican form of government.
But it seems, sir, that such was the case,
and that inspiration slumbered unconscious
of the terrihle fate to which the nation was
exposed. But, sir, in the year 1870 the glori-
ous millennium dawned upon our country, and
we heard the potent voice from the American
Senate warning ua of the approaching danger
in time to turn the ship before she took the
fearful plunge upon the fatal rock by which
the hope of the American people should be
dashed in pieces and our Republic he forever
lost. Sir, the warning comes, not as the heroic
conqueror, announced by booming cannon, it
falls upon us as noiseless as tbe dew-drop falls
upon the mountain summit, and the radiance
of its light to a dark political world excels in
its brightness that which appeared to Paul on
his way to Damascus and so miraculously
pointed to bim the true and tbe living way.
Sir, the age of miracles has not past. A
star in the west has appeared which beckons
u_s on to a new way of reform in our civil ser-
vice, by which the politician shall be lost for
all time to come, and our country, sir, the
hope of tbe generations which are to follow
us, will stand forth in tbe full development of
its manhood, a Jttepublic with honesty, integ-
rity, and virtue only its component elements.
All hail to a consummation so grand and so
glorious 1
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that my time ad-
monishes me that I must leave these pleasant
reflections and proceed to a discussion of the
constitutional aad practical facts involved in
the radical change proposed, and the maimer
and origin of its birth.
On the 3d day of March last, and on the
evening of the last day of its session, the
Senate returned to this House for a final vote
the House appropriation bill making appro-
priations for the sundry civil expenses of the
Government. This bill had been carefully
examined and thoroughly discussed in the
House, there were no opinions expressed on
the subject of civil service, and no member
of this House had the most remote idea that
any action of Congress bearing upon our civil
service would at that late hour of the session
appear as an appendage to an appropriation
bill. But. sir, at the very last hour of the
session, when there was no time for discus-
sion, this bill came to us from the Senate as
a rider to the appropriation bill, compelling
the House to pass it without examination or
discussion, or to reject the entire appropri-
ation bill, thus virtually stopping the wheels of
Government. It was therefore passed, under
the previous question, without discussion or
debate, and became a law upon our statute-
book. The act provides—
" That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into tbe civil
service of the United States as will best promote the
efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness of each
candidate in respect to age, health, character, knowl-
edge, and ability for the branch Qf service into which
he seeks to enter; and for this purpose the President
is authorized to employ suitable persons to conduct
said inquiries, to prescribe their duties, and to estab-
lish regulations for the conduct of persons who (nay
receive appointments in the civil service."
This, sir, was the law inaugurating this new
system by which it is proposed to take the
appointing power from the President, where
it exists by virtue of the Constitution, and
transferring it to the hands of a board of exam-
iners not appointed by the people and respons-
ible to nobody, and to whose imperial edicts
the President and heads of Departments must
conform, thus dictating who shall and who
shall not hold office, in total disregard of the
will of the people of tbe United States—a
proposition, sir, in my humble opinion, which,
if submitted to a vote of the people of the
United States, would not receive sufficient sup-
port to entitle it to a respectful burial. Why,
sir, the mere statement of the assumption of
