1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*153
42d Con®....2d Sess.
Tariff and its Burdens—Mr. Crossland.
Ho. of Reps.
terest paid upon the duty to the merchant
by the consumer, the sum of about two hun-
dred and forty million dollars is paid—paid
by the people in buying and consuming $459,-
000,000 worth of merchandise.
And yet, even here, let us see what dem-
onstration may do. Take again the farmer,
realizing from his salable products, $1,000 for
the year. The assessable value of his farm
may be $10,000. The tax upon it at one per
cent., or one dollar in the hundred, would be
§100. This, then, is the tax upon his substan-
tial property. But then he can only pay it out
of bis productions, and this being so it is in
fact a tax of one tenth of his productions; it
is the old tithing, for whether he pays it in
kind at an ascertained value, or sells it at
the value, an4 pays it in money, is all one.
The amount is tlie thing. So we have the one
tenth in this way. Now take it the other.
With these productions of the value of $1,000
he is to expend at least $600 of them, if he has
a family at all, for manufactured and other
articles for the use of his family, and for his
common farming operations. And in buying
tliese articles, it ihey be impoit-d, or affected
by the imported ones, he pays $200 tax—fitly
percent. l'he difference is manifest. The tax
ba-ed upon his substantial property is the one
tenth ot his producion. ftie oLher is the oue
ftfiti of Ins piuductiuii, and this in expending
only $600 of it fur articles of lamily consump-
tion.
This 8240,000.000 is paid by the thirty-eight
millions ot our people, men, women, and cntl-
drSn, rich and poor, high and low, making
$0 30, if apportioned, tor each man, woman,
and child in the United States; and this to be
paid by the heads of families according to their
consumption, as the wants of their families
may require, more or less.
Again, beside this vast sum of money thus
paid the Government, what great additional
sums of money are paid by the consumers to
the manufacturers and producers of like arti-
cles of merchandise produced in this country,
by reason of the advanced prices caused by
this rate of duty, is a subject of speculation
and dispute, and I do not propose now to
discuss it.
One passing reflection I will however sub-
mit, aud it is this : that a very large number
of the same kind of articles of foreign mer-
chandise bought from the importers, are to a
greater or less extent manufactured or pro-
duced in this country; aud is it not reasonable
to suppose that if the domestic could be got-
ten cheaper the foreign would not be bought
to any considerable amount, and that, there-
fore, all those like articles of merchandise so
sold, whether foreign or domestic, must and
do command about the same price? And il this
be so, and it must be generally true, we can
apprehend measurably what vast sums of
money are paid by the consumer to the man-
ufacturers heie, in addition to that paid to
the Government, upon ascertaining the an-
nual consumption ot domestic goods of like
character wuh those imported and sold, and
upon which are imposed these high duties,
and which are more or less affected by them.
But into this inquiry I shall not now go ; it
opens up afield too extensive for investigation
in the remarks 1 have thought proper to sub-
mit upon this occasion. But to this one great
fact L cling: the payment of this §240,000,000,
and about which there can be no doubt or
dispute. The collection of this vast sum of
money from the people presents at once the
important question whether it shall continue
to be levied and paid by the people or not?
All objects should be made to conspire to
reduce it ; economy in all branches of the ser-
vice ou ght lo be strictly observed; retrenchment
everywhere ; a reduction of expenditures, and
not only a reduction of expenditures, but a
reduction in the service itself, and in almost
every branch of it. Every part of it is swollen,
overgrown—cut it down. Let the Government
but attend to its own legitimate business, and
let the States and the people attend to their
own and you cut down your service at once
one half.
Mr. President, contrast the sum now col-
lected in gold from the people by means of the
tariff, $202,500,000, with the sum collected in
the closing year of Mr. Buchanan's admin-
istration, from June, 1860, to June, 1861—
$39,500,000. Then the total receipts of the
Governmentfromallsourees were $83,250,000,
but for the last fiscal year, ending June 30,
1871, they were $652,000,000. Then the net
ordinary expenditures were $62,000,000, but
for the last fiscal year they were $157,500,000.
And, let me ask, is there any more occasion
now that these ordinary expenditures should
be so great than there was in 1860-61? Iu
one item, and in one item only, should there
be a marked difference between the ordinary
expenditures then aud now, and it is that ot
pensions. In no other respect is so marked
or special a difference required. We are in a
state of profound peace with ad the world and
among our.-elves, and with nothing likely to
distuib it unless it be disturbed by ourselves;
and upon our own anticipated or teared turbu-
lence or misconduct we as a people ought
never project or support any system of taxa-
tion or uny other system of governmental
policy ; for in doing this >ou only give encour-
agement to it, or aid the adventurers who
would foment it in order that another raid
could be made upon the Treasury of the coun-
try and the pockets and property of the people.
Our military power, both North and South,
was manifested to the world in the late un-
happy civil war, and its great proportions and
grand display and mighty strength are not lost
upon the other great military Powers of the
earih. And besides and outside of all this they
can have no possible motive for assailing us
here, and we ought to have none for assailing
them there, and if we will but mind our own
business, not only as to other nations upon
other continents, but as to all nations upon this,
and especially as a Federal Government, but
attend to its own legitimate concerns, leaving
not only other nations but leaving the States
themselves within this Federal Government to
attend to their own concerns, there is no danger
of trouble.
We want no war with sny people. We have
had enough of it. Its gloom and horror, like
a funeral pall, still cover the land ; its curses,
its wrongs, and woes still afflict the people;
its blessings 110 one has seen or felt, save tne
men, if this can be considered a blessing to
them, who have grown fat upon blood and are
rich with treasures gathered in crime.
Let peace once more prevail in all our
borders ! Let the fear of future trouble once
more be gone 1 Let confidence be once more
restored and cherished 1
I am for peace, and with it I want the
accordant accompaniments of peace in a
genial, kind, unobtrusive and just Govern-
ment, a Government hardly known to the
people either by reason of exactions in the
shape of taxes, or of its rule in the shape of
sharp or aggressive legislation, or of its power
in the shape of large armies and navies, or of
its liches in' the form of a gaudy display, or,
what is worse still, a contemptible arrogance.
None of this do I want; but a Government
filled with the inspiration of its creation, just
in the administration of its defined powers,
and religiously careful to avoid any approach
to class legislation or to exert any power that
would make one interest the plaything or the
victim of another.
Tariff and its Burdens.
SPEECH OF HOlT E. CROSSLAND,
OP KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
March 16, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. CPiOSSLAND said:
Mr, Speaker : If those whose duty it is to
prepare and presentto Congress a bill reform-
ing the tariff and reducing taxation bad ren-
dered a proper discharge of that duty, my voice
would not have been heard in this House to-
day. Sir, we have been in session more than
three months; every mail has brought us
thousands upon thousands of petitions from an
oppressed and tax-ruiued people, clamoring for
relief, yet we go on expending, waiting time
and money, day after day, and month after
month, and give no heed to the mighty voice
of the people.
I have waited and hoped that the Committee
of Ways and Means would respond to the de-
mands of the country and 1 epoit a measure for
relief, but it was a vain hope. My panence
has been exhau-.tod, and 1 leel thai 1 should
be criminally recreant to the duty 1 owe my
constituents and the country to remain silent
longer. And 1 rise to say, sir, that I am aston-
ished that the committee have hesitated to act,
because I know, this House and the country
know, that taxation can and should be reduced;
that less than fifty per cent, of the amount now
collected, paid by the people, is necessary to
meet all proper demands of an honest and
economical administration of the Government.
The truth of this assertion is conclusively
established by the fact that on the 4th day
of this month there were in the vaults of the
Treasury $111,068,024 of coin, and $13,820,-
140 of currency, aggregating the sum of
$124,888,166, surplus money, unnecessarily
and uselessly exacted and collected from the
people, lying in the Treasury, an unblush-
ing monument of the wicked folly of those
who enacted the~ laws under which it has
accumulated, as well as the most potent and
conclusive evidence of unnecessary taxation.
Yes, sir, under the present wasteful, extrav-
agant, and dishonest administration of the
Government; after all that has been wasted
by the reckless and incompetent management;
after all the high salaries of myriads of office-
holders have been paid ; after all the defalca-
tions; after all the robbers and thievesbave
been satiated, this enormous sum remains in
the Treasury, unappropriated, unneeded—a
fund of corruption, a surplus to invite jobs
and to give plausibility to arguments in favor
of extravagant appropriations. The commit-
tee cannot tell us, sir, that they have been
compelled to approach this subject cautiously,
in fear of interfering with the collection of
necessary revenues lor the administration of
the Government.
I know, sir, that all arguments in favor ot a
substantial reduction of taxation are wasted
when offered to that committee. When 1 see,
sir, of whom it is composed, and iu whose
interest the majority of it acts, I am hopeless
of any good emanating from it. 1 know, sir,
that the people have some faithful friends on
that committee who have labored honestly and
zealously for them, and whose voices will be
heard on this subject by this House. Yet they
are powerless in the hands of the majority>
who are protectionists, and who will be con-
trolled by the interest of the capitalists and
monopolists. I have said, sir, that this Gov-
ernment can be administered on less than halt
the amount now collected from the people, by
an honest and economical management of our
financial affairs, aud I will prove it.
