2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
the proper officers of the Government. What
are the proper officers to do if they are not. to
detect thpse things and to execute the laws?
What are the district attorneys and the whole
paraphernalia of our courts, what are they all
for unless to enforce the law and collect the
money and property belonging to the Govern-
ment of the United States? Shall we estab-
lish. this most vicious system for the discovery
of information? I object wholly to this feature
in the conference report. I am aware of the
difficulty of getting at these things. It is a
question of accepting or rejecting a full report.
The committee in their deliberations of the
conference of the Senate ought to have taken
their stand on this point. 1 have reason to
believe the members of that committee, had
they been required, would have yielded this up
as a matter of concession. I wish for one that
something else less important than this had
been given away as a concession, and that the
United States Government should not appear
in this attitude of confessing that its officers are
incompetent and have not attended to their
duties in the past, and that they are forced
now to make contracts with informers, who
eome to them trading upon their knowledge ;
and that being in their hands, they have to
give litem a commission to go forth every-
where and sell out, as I believe they would,
to the parties against whom they intend to
inform.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 yield for a
few moments to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butlkii.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire to communicate certain facts to the
House which caused me, in the Congress I
think before the last, to advocate a resolution
by which wrecked mid abandoned pioperty
and moneys should be collected by the Uni-
ted States. The committee, upon the ex-
planation given them, recommended the reso-
lution. In the House the word "money"
was struck out, and struck out generally in
the interest of whisky distillers who had not
paid their tuxes. They were willing that
everybody's property should be collected, but
that, there should be no means of collecting
what was due to the U.niteii States from them.
But the matter I intended to allude to is
this: when the confederate States collapsed
they were alleged to have large credits in the
hands of their bankers in Europe, and there
were private credits to the insurrectionary
States on their stocks. Those credits could
not be drawn out, as the depositor had ceased
to exist. They now belong to the United
States. The bankers do not come forward to
say where they are, because unless somebody
calls on them for the money they do not feel
bound to pay these uncalled-for deposits; and
those who know where the credits are are not
so patriotic as to come forward and give the
information so that, the money may go to the
United States.
Knowledge of this kind is trading capital
with most men. Those who have this knowl-
edge and choose to trade upon it will so do,
as they have the right to do. Some time since
a man came to me and convinced me that he
knew where such large sums of money were
lying; but the bill failed, and he did nothing;
and since that time he has died, and, so far
as I know, his knowledge died with him.
Now, it is said the Secretary of the Treasury
is against this proposition. What is the pro-
vision? That the Secretary may appoint any-
body if he sees fit, not more than three, to
collect these lost moneys. Well, if he does
not wish to appoint anybody, he need not. He
is a pretty cautious and careful man, and will
take good care to know where the money is
coming from, and how it is coming, and with
whom he is dealing, before he makes any con-
tracts. I have never seen any objectiou to
this proposition. It is agreed here that nobody
knows of any abuse of the resolution to col-
lect derelict and abandoned property. All
that is said against it now is that it has been
productive of no lesult. I have told the House
one of the reasons 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. For myself 1 have from
the beginning opposed this amendment, No.
34, to which the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] and others object. I regret very much,
personally, that we felt compelled to include
this in our report, and to recommend the
House to recede from their amendment to this
amendment of the Senate.
It was a subject, however, over which the
committee of conference spent considerable
time; and I think that under all the circum-
stances. in view of the representations which
were made to the committee of the House, both
by members of the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate, as well as by other
persons, in respect to the objects to be accom-
plished by this amendment, we did right in
agreeing to recede from our amendment and
recommending concurrence in the amendment
of the Senate.
No man objects more, strenuously to per-
petuating the late and present system of spies
and informers than I do. This, however,
seems to rest upon ground a little different
from the case of ordinary informers and spies.
It, is representedto us, very earnestly, too, that
there are certain great corporations in the
country—f need not, to name them here—
which have so managed their business during
the last eight or ten years, since the law in
regard to income tax has been enforced, as
not, to return all the incomes for which they
ought to pay taxes to the General Govern-
ment; ill other words, that large amounts of
money, by systems of either false entries in
books, or by some other means equally for-
tunate, have been covered up, representing
considerable amounts to which the Govern-
ment of the United States is fairly entitled
under our internal revenue law.
It is further alleged thatspecific information
upon these subjects is in the possession of cer-
tain experts, certain gentlemen who are unwill-
ing to communicate this information and give
the Government the benefit of it, unless upon
such terms by which they shall be compen-
sated for this information. Now, I agree that
this is an awkward relation for the Government
to occupy in regard to a matter in which it has
an interest. It would be a much more manly
way for the persons possessing the informa-
tion to come forward and communicate it to
the proper officers ; but it is alleged that these
persons will not do so, and it is for the pur-
pose of allowing the Government officers to
avail themselves of the knowledge thus pos-
sessed by certain experts that this amendment
was offered. We are assured that it will be
the means of recovering a considerable sum of
money now withheld by corporations and per-
haps by individuals, who are really indebted to
the Government a large sum of money.
Mr. WOOD. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana if lie is not aware that the De-
partment is already provided with every facil-
ity for the investigation of such matters where
there is any reason to presume that there is
any intention to evade the law, either the
income tax or any other, and whether ex-
perience jias not taught us that the system
recently introduced of spies is not inconsist-
ent with our institutions, and also if the large
corporations to which the gentleman refers
have not the means of convincing the agents
that they can be of more advantage to them
than the Government can be, and whether the
system has not failed and been of no advan-
tage to the Government whatever ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I have nottimeto answer
the points suggested by the gentleman from
New York fully. Perhaps if he had heard the
opening of my remarks he would have ascer-
tained that I was not in favor of the proposition
contained in the report of the committee of
conference, and apologized for recommending
that the House recede from its disagreement
to the amendment. I am opposed to this
whole system: but I say that in view of the
extraordinary statements made to us as to
what would probably be accomplished by the
amendment, I did not feel justified in stand-
ing out longer against it. If anything comes
of it of course no harm is done. If any good
comes of it of course it will be worth whatever
itamounts to. On the contrary, if this particu-
lar measure shall prove to be not for the in-
terests of the Government, then it will be the
end of such legislation. In fact it is the ex-
piring effort on the part of the Government to
get hold of such information as the Govern-
ment is entitled to but cannot get in any other
way.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard ]
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word
in relation to the ninety-second amendment of
the Senate. An amendment was passed by
the House requiring that the railway track
in front of the west gate of the Capitol shall
be taken up. The committee of conference
report as follows:
That a commission, consisting of the Secretary of
the Interior, the chief engineer of the Army, and
the officer in charge of public buildings and grounds,
18 hereby authorized and directed to examine and
report to Congress, prior to the second Monday of
December next, apian by which the locomotive rail-
road track in front ot the western entrance of the
Capitol shall be removed, with due regard to the
rights of all parties concerned, and by which proper
connections with other railroads may be made; and
the House agree to the same.
I would inquire of the gentleman who has
charge of this report whether it is contem-
plated that the track shall not be interfered
with until that commission makes a report?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will answer
the gentleman by saying that the Senate ob-
jected to the House proposition on theground
that it required an unconditional removal of
the track, and did not provide any method of
affording a communication between Virginia
and the northern railroads. They agreed that
a commission should be appointed to make a
proposition by which there should be located
another track, and report to us next December.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Has it come to this
that Congress has to indicate to a railroad
company where it shall form its connections ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It runs over
our property.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It is not necessary
that it should go over our property; they can
go outside of the Government property.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to
the gentleman if he will allow me 
Mr. FARNS WORTH. A railroad engin-
eer is the proper man to make a report on
this subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon ; I do not propose to let any
railroad engineer say where in Washington
under or overthe property of the United States
a road shall go.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He can ask our per-
mission where to go.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The trouble is
that Congress has given these people the right
to put down the road there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Congress not only
gave the right to build the road, but they built
it, and paid for it themselves, in order to secure
connection with the roads south.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentle-
man is mistaken about that. The conference
committee had before them the statute of 1863
and the later statute of 1866, and they consid
ered them carefully, and found that in order to
do justice to all concerned it was best that the
Government itself should indicate where the
connection should be made, and then require
the track to be removed and put down in the
new place according as Congress may determ
