1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
dends on so small a ca pital stock as 3320,000 were out
of the question. Unfortunately for them, however,
before any further dilution was effected, Mr. Com-
missioner Wells came around, and under the powers
granted to him by Congress he interrogated, under
oath. Air. John W. Barter."
That is the gentleman whose paper has just
been read to the Senate. What did Mr. Bar-
ker E
'1 The result can bo seen by any one who will take
the trouble-to examine the report of Mr. Wells for
the year 1868. The substance of that report, how-
ever, is the revelation of the astonishing fact that
during the five years of the existence of the company
under the tariff of 1862, the profits only amounted
to the modest sum of $5,858,000, being an annual
average of $837,000."
Bight hundred and thirty-seven thousand
dollars a year upon a capital invested of
$160,000! That is the statement of Mn Barker
in his evidence before Mr. Wells on his oath.
Nobody contradicts it, and it cannot be con-
tradicted. It cannot be contradicted, because
it is. the statement of Mr. John W. Barker,
one of the managers of the concern, delivered*
under oath before Mr. Wells, who was sent
there with the authority of Congress to extort
thetruthfrom him. Thisisnotan affidavit dis-
guising the amount of capital and giving such
a delusive statement of the affairs of the com-
pany as -we have in the paper which has been
read ; but here is his oath before a man well
acquainted with this business. The truth is
extorted from him, and the Commissioner
reports to Congress—  
" That under the five years of the existence of the
company under the tariff of 1863, the profits only
amounted to the modest sum of $5,858,000, being an
annual average of $837,000."
And that upon a capital invested of $160,000,
which is all that they ever invested.
"Of course this exposure could not be otherwise
than damaging, and some noise was made about it in
Consross and elsewhere, but to this very day nothing
has been done either in the legislation of the State
or nation, and salt remains a tariff tax upon the
people of over one hundred percent, upon every
pound they use. Mr. Wells illustrated it as follows,
namely:
"'It the Government were able to exact its salt
duties like tithes, in kind, it would require that each
vessel arriving in the United States with a cargo
of foroign salt should be accompanied by another
of equal size, and a third smaller craft of from eight
to fitty per cent, of capacity of the former, to con-
vey the duty.'
" We have now seen what tho profits of this com-
pany were up to the 24th day of October, 1867. What
they may have been since I do not know, but we
may safely conclude that like causes produce like
effects, and therefore tho profits are not decreased.
At any rate, on the 15th day of February, 1870, we
find this company watering its stock up to the sum
of $1,250,030, and taking a now lease of life for fifty
years."
I have stated that there could not be any
necessity for this tariff, because these salt
manufacturers did not require it to enable
them to sell salt in Canada, where there is no
tariff upon it. in competition with the foreign
article introduced without, any tax upon it. I
will read the statement of Judge Brinckerhoff
in regard to that:
"ThoSalt Company of Onondaga stands- to-day
the absolute dictator of the quantity, quality, and
value of all the salt consumed upon the larger part
of this continent. To men who are fortunate
enough to live in Canada the Salt Company ot Onon-
daga is kind, and will deliver them salt to-day, free
of all expense for carnage, at $1 6J per barrel, while
to you, people of Syracuse, it charges $2 35 per
barrel."
I desire it to be understood that Judge
Brinckerhoff was delivering a speech 
Mr. SHERMAN. He is not a judge ; he is
a general.
Mr. CONKLING. He is evidently a judge
salt, and of the profits of making salt.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. I think he is a far better
judge than the Senator from New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is a constituent of
mine, and he is a general, not a judge.
Mr. BLAIR. Of course I accept the cor-
rection of the Senator from Ohio, and shall
give the gentleman his real title—General
Brinckerhoff. He was delivering a speech to
the people of Syracuse. He was making a
statement to them on this subject.- If it had
not been true it could have been contradicted,
and I have no doubt would have been contra-
dicted, because, I presume, the Onondaga
company have some friends in Syracuse. He
stated there that this company was in the habit
of selling salt to the people of Canada for
$1 60 per barrel, while they, the citizens of
Syracuse, were paying $2 35.
Mr. CONKLING. Was it not in thatsame
speech that he stated that the State of New
York stood powerless in the presence of this
gigantic salt company ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir, he said something
of that sort, and I think he proved it very dis-
tinctly, too, because the State of New York
had leased to this company these works, and
absolutely furnished them the brine by paying
for the machinery by which the brine is brought
to the boilers, without getting more than one
cent a bushel for it. That is all it cost this
company. Therefore, what the Senator says
is very true, that all of this salt represents
labor. It represents labor to them, because
they get the raw material for little or nothing.
They get the brine, and they get very well
paid for their labor, as has been proven. They
are able to sell their salt manufactured in this
way to the State of Kansas and break up salt
boilers in that far-off'region. I was astonished
to hear the Senator from Kansas yesterday giv-
ing that as a reason why this monopoly should
be kept up and maintained, why the bounty
of the Government should still be lavished upon
it, because it had absolutely invaded his State
and broken down and crippled an enterprise
struggling into life. The Senator from Kan-
sas gave that as a reason why these monopo-
lists should be maintained.
Now, sir, I will give you the amount of salt
sold by these salt boilers of Syracuse in Canada
at the prices I have named. Here are the
figures:
" It has been doing this kind of business for years
as is evident from its own annual report, from which
I now read you:
Salt sent to Canada.
Bushels.
1866  510,330
186 7 518.904
1868   504,262
1869  290,120
They can manufacture and sell in Canada
in competition with the foreign article which
ia not taxed, but they cannot carry on their
works here unless we charge the people of
this country the enormous amount of three
or four millions to maintain this monopoly.
They can sell salt to the Canadians ; they can
go down to the sea-coast and enter into com-
petition with the importers of salt in bond and
sell to the fishermen, but they cannot supply
the pork-packers of the West.
Sir, this is the most atrocious and infamous
tax that was ever gathered from an article of
such indispensable necessity. Forty million
people are ta;;ed to supply a monopoly,
giving employment, the Senator from New
York says, to twenty thousand people, and
employing fifteen millions of capital. The
fifteen millions of capital, I suppose, is like
that which has risen from $160,000 to $1,250,-
000 by tlie process of watering. I do not be-
lieve there is any such amount of capital
invested. We have no testimony on that
point except from those who are interested in
maintaining this nefarious system.
It seems they are able to rent the salt-works
of Kanawha and pay $75,000 a year for them,
and then not make a pound of salt at those
works, although everybody who knows any-
thing about the Kanawha salt-works is aware
that the gas which comes up from the wells
which produce the brine, supplies the fuel to
boil the salt, and they are the best located salt-
works in this country, and salt can be manufac-
tured there more cheaply than anywhere else
for the reason I have just assigned. And yet
these monopolies can rent these works for
$75,000 a year and then let them remain idle
in order that the production may be less and
thereby the profits on their other works may
be greater.
The Senator said something about the prices
of salt. I have here in a pamphlet the price
of salt taken from a paper which is of authority
in this country :
"The Onondaga Salt Company asserts that tbe
tariff has not increased the price of salt; that when
tariffs are low salt is high, and viceverea. Then why
do they want a tariff for protection ? But we deny
their assertion, and offer in proof authority they
will not doubt, the New York Journal of Commerce.
The priecs given by that paper are as follows."
Everybody recognizes the New York Journal
of Commerce as of the very highest authority in
this country on these subjects ; and I venture
to say that neither the Senator from New York
nor any other Senator will doubt its state-
ment.
I will not read the table which I have here
from the Journal of Commerce, but from it it
appears that the average prices of Turk's Island
salt for ten years in the New York market
were: in 1859,18J cents ; 1860, 19cents; 1861,
20-J cents; 1862, 29J cents; 1863, 40J cents;
1864, 58|- cents; 1865, 55J- cents: 1866, 47-|
cents; 1867, 50i cents ; 1868, 45J cents. Those
were the prices of salt.
Mr. FENTON. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. FENTON. I ask him if the statement
he has just made is taken from a speech re-
cently made in the city of Syracuse on the
subject of salt?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir; by General Brinck-
erhoff.
Mr. FENTON. Following that statement
of General Brinckerhoff I bad occasion to get
the actual state of facts as found in the reports
which have been uiade by the salt company of
New York, and which will be found also in
tables of statistics accessible to the Senator
from Missouri, as well as myself, and I will
interrupt him so long as to read what the
prices were:
"In 1860 tbe price of foreign salt in New York,
(see report of Mr. Wells) was twenty-three cents per
bushel'loose. The average price of our salt in the
same market in the year 1870 was twenty-four cents,
reduced to gold.
('f)li':.
1860. Foreign salt at Cleveland 40
186U. Foreign salt at Toledo 40
1860. Foreign salt at Detroit : 40
1860. Foreign salt at Chicago 42
1869. Domestic salt at Cleveland 30
1869. Domestic salt at Toledo  33
I860. Domestic salt at Detroit 34
1869. Domestic salt at Chicago.... 34
1870. Domestic salt at Cleveland 30
1870. Domestic salt at Toledo 30
1870. Domestic salt at Detroit   30
1870. Domesric salt at Chicago 31
It. was lower in some of the eastern maikets
in Albanj' and the city of New York where the
Onondaga Salt Company had their deposits of
salt or their storehouses.
I did not wish to interrupt the Senator from
Missouri further than to correct the statement
he was makiug on the authority of General
Brinckerhoff.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will permit
me to say so, I do not think he has corrected
mystatement. The statement I made stands.
It is taken from the best authority in this
country. It is taken from a paper which stands
higher than any other paper on such subjects,
and I have given the authority of that paper,
the New York Journal of Commerce, which
gives the average of the market price in the
city of New York for ten years. I propose to
follow that up by reading from the New York
Shipping List, giving the average for the same
time:
In proof of the difference made by the tariff, we
annex a compilation from the New York Shipping
List, as follows:
Average market price of Turk's Island salt
during the years"—
Then follows a table giving the price from
1841 to 1870. From 1841 to 1861 the avei-age
