1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
capacity, honesty, and integrity of applicants
for positions to the President, or heads of
Departments, than can be furnished by the
members of Congress having personal knowl-
edge of the character, position, and integrity
of the person to whom it is to be given, and
who is directly responsible to the people for
his official acts. These recommendations are
usually made upon the representations of
the leading and prominent business men of
the locality where the applicant resides, and
it is fair to presume that they are acquainted
with his character as to fitness and integrity
for the place to which lie aspires; and, for
one, I believe that when the people of the
United States at the billot-box show their
preference for certain great political princi-
ples by elevating to place and power their
chosen champions, as a general i ule the friends
of that policy should stand on guard as the
proper guardians and sentinels for the faith-
ful discliaige of its public trusts. A wise,
skillful, and patriotic officer will in time of war
always place trusted men on the picket line.
1 can see no good reason why that rule should
not apply to the civil service as well as mili-
tary. Sir, we should have had no united re-
public to-day had our commanding officers of
the Union Army in our struggle for national
existence placed on duty Jefferson Davis and
his followers to watch the outposts and sound
the tocsin of alarm at approaching danger.
The rule adopted by our patriotic and skillful
generals during the war met my approval then,
and 1 have seen no good reason assigned by
the commission to change them when appli-
cable to our civil service.
Mr. Speaker, the commission, in their re-
port to the President, say that it is not sur-
prising that owing to our bad system of civil
service a proposition w<is intioduced in the
American Senate making it a penal offense
for Senators or members to recommend ap-
pointment to office 1 do not judge the motives
which prompted the introduction of such a
proposition. Perhaps it was owing to a fail-
ure on the part of some Senator to secure the
positions desired for his friends from the
President or heads of Departments; or, on
the other hand, to obviate the constant press-
ure by political friends for position. The
resolution, if its aim and scope were to give
us a more pure and perfect system of civil
service, sliould have gone further, and pro-
vided that it should be a penal offense for
Senators to personally solicit a reelection
from the Legislatures of their respective States.
The same penalty should, injustice, be visited
upon the party who personally recommends
himself, as wellas upon those who recommend
their friends.
Upon page 14 of the report of the commis-
sion I find the following language in reference
to men who engaged for the overthrow of our
civil Government. The commission say:
" If it bo further objected that to open the oppor-
tunity to all qualified applicants is to give the late
enemy of the Government the same chance to serve
it with the citizen who offered his life in its defense,
the reply is, that it would bea tatally unwise policy
to perpetuate proscription in a relormed civil ser-
vice."
Now, sir, with all due respect to the distin-
guished gentlemen who compose that com-
mission, 1 dissent entirely from their conclu-
sions. 1 am willing, I think, to exercise as
large a degree of Christian charity as surround-
ing ciicumstances will permit, but claim that
the American people who stood firm by the
old ship of State in her great struggle to out-
ride the storm of rebellion, and who gave to
our country the best blood of the nation and
her vast treasures to maintain the unity of the
Republic, are not quite ready to permit the
students of rebel colleges, upon competitive
examinations and scholastic attainments, to
supersede ihe disabled and patriotic soldiers
of tbe Republic, who with fewer educational
advantages but larger practical experience
are much better fitted for the position.
Sir, I believe at the close of the war Congress
declared by resolution, and the heads of De-
partments acted upon it, that disabled and
qualified soldiers of the Union should have
the preference in appointmentto office. Do the
Republican party now, sir, propose to rescind
that resolution, and upon a mere educational
and historical (est admit to these positions the
persons who fired the bullets which disabled
the loyal soldiers of the Republic, and turn
the lattter out, to make a living as best they
may for themselves and families in what-
ever calling they can find employment? Mr.
Speaker, for one, I cannot consent to such a
proposition. It is monstrous injustice and
unworthy the consideration of those who claim
to be the friends of our patriotic heroes. And,
sir, I have faith to believe 1 speak the senti-
ments of every true and disabled soldier of our
Republic-
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. Does my friend assert that
it is the rule and practice of the Republican
party to confer its offices upon the soldiers
and their widows and orphans?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I think that
is the general rule; I know it is so far as my
congressional district is concerned.
Mr. MORGAN. I am sorry to say that
such is not the rule in my own town. There
the widow of a soldier has, been turned out of
office and the office given to a man who never
smelt powder burned, and who never rendered
any service to the country.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. In my con-
gressional district two thirds at least of all the
officers appointed are soldiers.
Mr. Speaker, let me illustrate a case to make
my position better defined. In the State of
Virginia is a college over which General Lee
was president. Within its walls are the sons
of the proud chivalry of the South. When the
booming cannon announced ihe coming clash
of arms these students are all found throwing
aside their Greek, their Latin, and their grain-
mars, and, musket in hand, going out to battle
for the overthrow o£our Constitution. As the
echoing of hostile guns reverberates on the
plains of the West, our young men from the
plow and workshop and the common school
go out from the fireside and their homes to
its defense. The war closes. One returns dis-
abled to his home, swearing eternal hostility to
liberty ; the other comes back exultant over
the success of a country forever dedicated to
freedom, and the starry emblem shining more
luminous by the rebaptism in the patriot's
blood. He who fought, to overthrow our Gov-
ernment has no claims to a support from
the country he sought to destroy; he who de-
fended our flag, and was disabled by the casual-
ties of war, has claims, and asks that he may
have a place where his qualifications and prac-
tical knowledge of business may enable him to
support himself and family.
Mr. Speaker, I fancy 1 see in the city of
Washington this august examining board within
the granite walls of some stately edifice; the
imp'ess of care is marked upon their brow,
anxiously awaiting the arrival of some new-
born subject fresh from the fields of science,
who has explored the planetary systems and
can give the precise distance of the nearest fixed
star from the earth, and whose geographical
investigations enable him with precision to
give the boundaries of our great rivers, the
height of the most towering mountain, and
the exact circumference of the globe, and
while I am thus engaged 1 see approaching
two disabled soldiers, one from the college of
Lee, who lost a limb at the battle of the Wil-
derness, the other from the common school or
the workshop of the West, who lost a limb at
the battle of Chickamauga. They are competi-
tors for a position in the civil service. The
student of the college of Lee, versed in col-
legiate lore, passes the scholastic Rubicon,
while the other, possessed of practical knowl-
edge and a common school education, stands
aside. The student of Lee takes the place for
life, drawing his nourishment from the breast
of the mother whose life he sought to destroy;
the other, upon his box at the crossing of the
street, may grind his organ, and receive the
contributions from the passers-by to feed and
clothe his wife and his children; but the com-
mission say it is unwise to perpetuate proscrip-
tion in a reformed civil service. Such a policy
would stimulate slander and reward falsehood.
Sage conclusion, verily.
Sir, we are told in this age of political
millennium to forget the past, and, in the lan-
guage of the Psalmist, join in the exclamation,
" Behold, how good and how pleasant it is
for brethren to dwell together in unity."
Well, sir, while I am now speaking I see at yon-
der door a soldier from my neighboring State
who has given one limb to his country in its
detense. 1 cast my eye up to yonder gallery,
and I see another without arms, and with iron
hooks as a substitute, performing his duty as
doorkeeper of this House. With these living
witnesses before me, mutilated in the defense
of my country, I cannot consent to forget the
history of the past, or to give the positions they
hold to the attempted assassinators of my
country.
Mr. Speaker, admitting the clear constitu-
tional power to delegate the appointing power*
to an examining board to dictate the appoint-
ment to office in our civil service, and admit-
ting for the time that those who turned their back
upon our flag in tbe crisis through which we
have passed should be equally entitled to posi-
tion, is the plan proposed practical, expedient,
or economical?
To these three propositions I will devote a
short time in the hour assigned me by the
rules of the House: first, it is proposed to
have an advisory board whose duties are to
provide rules and regulations from time t.o
time for the government of the examining
boards, and to sit. as a court of appeals, whose
decision is final, and to whose dictation the
appointing power and heads of Departments
must conform.
The office, I suppose, will be located in
Washington, requiring commodious and con-
venient quarters, with fine rooms and com-
pletely furnished with messengers and clerks.
This board will no doubt be composed of men
of character, ability, and national reputa-
tion. Bach will expect a salary of about five
thousand dollars per year. To make it con-
venient for applicants to appear before the
examining boards, and without too much ex-
pense to the poor man who desires a clerkship
at $1,200 per annum, or the position of post-
master in some small inland town, whose salary
will not exceed two hundred and ten dollars,
it will be necessary to have at least one exam-
ining board in each congressional district in
the United States, and in the several Territories
it will require a large number. Estimating the
number of congressional districts at two hun-
dred and eighty, under the new apportionment,
and at least fifty boards for all our Territories,
will make a total of three hundred and thirty
examining boards. These boards will contain
at least three persons each, making the num-
ber employed as examiners nine hundred and
ninety persons, for which new offices will be
created to give to these patriotic, superannu-
ated, worn-out' school masters who are to
improve our civil service. These boards_ will
expect a fair compensation for their services ;
we might say at a fair estimate $1,000 each
per annum, requiring an appropriation out of
the pockets of the tax-payers of the nation of
about one million per annum, exclusive of the
fifteen or twenty thousand dollars to pay sal-
ary and expenses of the advisory board at ihe
fountain head, with incidental expenses of no
small magnitude. It may be said, however,
that the number is too large, and that a less
number will answer.
