1872.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
42D CON ....2D SBSS.
Tariff and its Burdens—Mr. Crossland.
Ho. of Reps.
and handle the people's money; not required
to execute such bonds as would secure the
Government from loss, but in the most reck-
less disregard of the interest of the country
and the people, these appointments have been
made, and we see in every Department the
results of the employment of such men.
" My business in this State
Macto me a looker-on here in Vienna,
"Where I have seen corruption boil and bubble
Till it o'errun the stew ; laws, for all faults;
But faults so countenanced, that the strong statutes
Stand like the forfeits in a barber's shop,
As much in mock as mark."
What would the great censor write if he
lived now and was a " looker on here?" How
is it that the President can find no law to pun-
ish crime, flagrant, repeated, and persevering?
IIow is it that he continues deaf to the com-
plaints and remonstrances of the community,
and fails to remove from place those who, in
the teeth of evidence notorious and convinc-
ing, persist in frauds and villianies in office?
How is it that the President sustains in office
men who practice frauds and corruptions, and
violate all laws enacted to secure honesty in
office? I cannot expect an answer from his
party friendshere ; but the time is soon coming,
I hope, when the grand inquest of the nation
■will answer these questions, will hear the evi-
dence, and bring in their verdict.
There are still other abuses that should be
corrected. I refer now, sir, to the subsi-
dies. We are paying three lines of steamships
$<00,000 per annum, namely:
The Pacific Steamship Company  $500,000
Honolulu Steamship Company  75,000
jNew Yorkand Brazil Steamship Company.... 125,000
Total .STOP,000
And for what is this vast sum paid ? Why
simply to enable these rich, bloated corpor-
ations to make money for themselves by tak-
ing the people's money and giving it to the
owners of these steamships; and if one of the
people travels on one of them he has to pay
exorbitantly for it. If one of these vessels
carries a pound of freight for a citizen he has
to pay exorbitantly for it, and yet Represent-
atives are voting to double these subsidies, and
lieap taxation on the country to pay them.
During the year 1867 the Patent Office De-
partment was supported on a fraction over two
hundred thousand dollars. Now it requires
over six hundred thousand dollars. I have
heard it stated as having appeared in evidence
before one of our committees some time ago,
that there was a clerk employed in that Depart-
ment at a salary of $1,200 to superintend one
of the rooms, and that this clerk did no more
service than 10 visit the office once in a month,
and that was on pay day, and was regularly
furloughed from inouth to month—" that'sthe
■way the money goes." I will do the present
Commissioner ihe justice to say that this invest-
igation occutred before his appointment, but
1 urge him to look closely and see whether or
not sueh frauds are still perpetrated in the
Department. The immense increase in the
expenses of this Department strongly indicate
leaks of some sort. The increase since 1867
from £200,000 to $600,000 is surely too much.
I will mention some other items of expend-
itures: an agent was sent out to investigate
the condition of the public buildings at Balti-
more, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston ;
lie charged mileage from Washington to Balti-
more, from Washington to Philadelphia, trom
Washington to Mew York, and from Washing-
ton to Boston. Yet, when at Baltimore and
Philadelphia he was on the direct route to
New York, and returned from New York by
Boston: he did all the work on one trip, charged
ttnd was paid four mileages, and traveled the
•whole trip on a free pass.
During tbo summer months I understand
that it costs large sums of money to pay the
mileage and expenses of subordinate officers
traveling to the watering places to get the sig-
natures of the heads of Departments to proper
papers, and to have other public business
attended to.
I have been curious to see the $25,000 worth
of looking-glasses that were bought for the
room of the late Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. They were bought, but the extrava-
gance was so flagrant and outrageous that the
Commissioner was afraid to put them in the
the house. And I learn that two of them
were sent to the White House, (these two
cost $2,500 each,) two were loaned out and
got broken, and the others are packed up and
concealed, awaiting a safe opportunity to get
out and assist in adorning the private parlor
of some retiring Government official, tro on
the avenue some fine evening between four
and six o'clock, when official aristoeracy is
out "airing" itself, and 6ee the splendid
equipages, the elegant carriages, the high-bred
horses, and servantsin liver3'. Whopaiaforall
this? The price was taken from the public
Treasury. The money came from the pockets
of the people. True, the people see nothing
of such items in the appropriation bills; but
they have heard of contingent funds that are
allowed each Department—that contingent
fund is provided to be improperly expended—
and it is out ot this fund these expenses are
paid. Besides this, millions of dollars' worth
of Government property has been sold and
the money used without any appropriations
by Congress. Four hundred and twenty-four
war vessels and millions worth of other prop-
erty have been disposed of, yet not a dollar
of the proceeds has ever found its way into
the Treasury ; all of it has been appropriated
without lawful authority by Government offi-
cials.
The public lands, our magnificent public
domain, of sufficient value to have paid every
dollar of our enormous debt, vast enough in
extent to furnish homes for the homeless of
all the countries on the globe, and instead
of being applied to these purposes are pass-
ing into the hands of a few rich corporations ;
more than two hundred million acres, worth
to-day five hundred million dollars, have been
thus squandered. And yet these hungry cormo-
rants hover about the Capitol asking (some
of them impudently demanding) more of the
people's property to increase their private
fortunes.
I have wished, sir, that sonie citizens from
each county of the district I have the honor to
represent, sensible farmers, or good old dea-
cons in the church, tax-payers who live among
tax-payers, would come up to the Capitol
while we are here; I would like to take them
round and let them inspect the Government,
let them see the use—it would be flattery to
call it, waste—that is made of the money. I
would like to see men of old fashioned ideas,
of honesty nid economy, look upon this picture
of waste and robbery, and then return to the
people at home and tell them the truthful
storv of their wrongs. Radicalism will de-
nounce my arguments as demagoguery, for the
interests of the party (paramount with them to
all others) will forbid the admission of the
facts 1 state, and no other answer can be made.
Now, my purpose in arraying all tins reck-
less waste, extravagance, and corruption be-
fore Congress and the country is to establish
the fact that taxation can and ought to be re-
duced. I know that an attempt has been made
to forestall and prevent reduction by the haste
with which the appropriation bills have been
prepared and hurried through the House.
They have been prepared according to the
estimates made by the heads ot Departments,
and uo one expected any suggestions of econ-
omy or reform from them. These Depart-
ments can be supported by one half the amounts
asked for by the use of honest industry and
economy. And if we will but come up and dis-
charge the duty we owe the people, and reduce
taxation so as only to collect what ought to be
expended, we will very soon find these gentle-
men devising means to reduce the expenses
of their respective Departments, useless clerks
will then be discharged, salaries will be re-
duced, leaks will be stopped, and industry and
economy inaugurated. All that is collected
and accumulated will be expended. We have
deficiency bills here now, doubtless attracted
by the surplus money in the Treasury.
The Committee of Ways and Means are
vainly striving to devise a plan by which taxa-
tion can be reduced without diminishing the
expenditures; they are afraid to go before the
country in the coming campaign with the
responsibility of oppression and taxation on
their shoulders, but they are still unwilling to
reduce the salaries of party pets and the Pres-
ident's relations now holding the offices, or to
turn out useless officers for fear they will lose
votes. Their labors will be fruitless and un-
availing ; they must reduce expenditures or
l^eep up taxation. They will probably attempt
a repetition of former deceptions, make slight
reductions that they know will afford no real
relief, but reduction enough to use in stump
speeches and partisan newspapers, and pretend
that taxation is not at all burdensome, and all
of it caused by the rebellion. , They deceive
themselves. The people cannot be longer
duped; they cannot arouse again the fanaticism
that for a long time trammeled reason and made
them deaf to all the appeals of truth and justice.
They need not be told of the oppressions of
your system of taxation, they feel it, they stag-
ger under the load, their pockets are kept
empty, their prosperity is ruined, and they
know how and by whom it was accomplished.
Do not persuade yourselves that the poor, who
are freezing for fuel and clothing that your
protective tariff denies them, and that the
struggling, toiling millions are in ignorance
of the causes of their oppressions; they know
full well how they are kept in want aud pov-
erty, and by whose hands their wrongs are
wrought.
Now, sir, I have repeated again and again
that taxation is oppression; and I come now
to offer the proof, as I do not wish a single
charge or assertion to go out without the
most ample proof. The tariff duty is imposed
on over four thousand articles. Every article
used or in any way consumed by the people is
taxed. I append a list of a few articles of
general use and consumption, with the per
cent, of taxation on each:
Per cent.
Salt l®l-6
Coal-oil. (petroleum) 1?( 
Brown or unbleached domestics  ow
  W'
Spool thread  
Span cotton 
Hosiery, (cotton) 
Table-ware 
Combs 
Fans   
Linen     
GloS-, (wiudow) from49s to uo|
Gunpowder  *   -iS*
Alpaca drcsb-goods * 40
Hats and bonnets. of palm or straw 
Hemp ropes -   
Iron.. from43tol04|.
Traee-cliains  ™
Handsaws 
Pocket-knives  S
Lead £
Leather      £!
Gloves, of Skill or loatber   
Paints tvom 49  t0 Hji*
 VV.VJ.V.V.'.'."." 3D
    35
 554
Writing-paper......
Needles, $1 per 1,(
Pins..... ;•••♦
Pons aud poneiis..
0, and..
