1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
gone on until it is impossible for me to say
whether there are ten dollars of water to one
dollar of money in the telegraph system, more
or less; but there is very much more water
than money in the stock of the present tele-
graph system. I have been informed that there
are from five to ten dollars as much water as
money in their stock, and yet the commerce
of this nation is taxed to pay interest on that
water. I do not object to paying them a lib-
eral interest on their money, but I do object
to paying for water. The whole commerce of
this nation is to-day taxed to pay interest on
this water that flows freely down our rivers
and surrounds our soil.
Now, sir, in the United States to-day we
pay two dollars for a message of ten words for
about a thousaud miles, or say eight hundred
miles. In Prance, for the same message, they
pay one franc, nineteen cents. You can send
a message of ten words from the borders of
Belgium to Nice, to Marseilles, or to any part
of France, for one franc, or nineteen cents.
In England, you can send that selfsame mes-
sage all over the United Kingdom, from -the
northern part of Scotland to the south of Eng-
land, or from any part of Ireland to any part
of England, for a shilling, or twenty-two cents
in coin. In Switzerland you can send that
same message all over Switzerland for half a
franc, or nine and a half cents. Further, sir,
I have seen it stated in the newspapers, but I
cannot say that it is correct, that they send in
the night-time over the wires in England one
hundred words for a shilling, and the second
hundred words for twopence, or four cents,
thus enabling the newspaper press of England
to obtain its news for a comparatively low
price.
Mr. President, in this country we have a
monopoly, perhaps the most oppressive and
grinding monopoly that exists 011 earth at this
present time, and that monopoly is known as
the Associated Press monopoly. They have
apparently the control of tiie wires. Tliey
charge what they please for their news, and
the press of the whole country must pay the
price that they demand, and if they deviate
one hair's breadth from the instructions given
by that Associated Press their news "is stopped
and iheir papers are estopped. It is a most
oppressive monopoly, ana. as was to be ex-
pected, the gentlemen of this Associated Press
light for their monopoly. Newspapers that
were worth from one to two hundred thousaud
dollars before they obtained this monopoly are
worth to-day from one to three million dollars :
and why should they not fight for it? It is a
close corporation. There are only four or five
or six members of it, atid you find the Associated
Press opposing with all its might any inter-
ference of this Government with the tele-
graphic system. They are working for their
own pockets. They are working to retain this
odious monopoly. Sir, adopt the system that
now prevails in England, allow a message of
one hundred words in the night-time to be sent
for twenty-five cents, as they do there, and a
further hundred words for four cents, and every
newspaper in the United States will be enabled
to procure its own news and break down this
monopoly. The higher the price commerce is
compelled to pay for this necessary agent, of
commerce the better for this Associated Press
monopoly.
Now, sir. I am opposed to monopolies of
every sort, kind, and description, and partic-
ularly to a monopoly so oppressive as this
Associated Press has proved itself to be. Why,
sir, you cannot start a newspaper in any city,
village, or town in this nation without asking
their consent, "may I exist, or may 1 not?"
and if they say "you may not exist," you can-
not exist, for you cannot publish a newspaper
without the news, and they will not furnish
any news to you unless they see fit. It is a
most oppressive monopoly.
1 desiie that this monopoly should come to
an end, and 1 desire that the telegraphic wires
should be used by the people of this nation as
they are used by the people of the other mer-
cantile nations of the earth, used freely and
at the lowest price. I am opposed to buying
this telegraphic system and paying for the
water that is in it. I am willing to give them
the value of their lines ; put the value, if you
please, at their actual cost in money, or put it
at what they would actually cost to-day in
money; but never will I consent to buy their
water and pay money for it, because we can
get water cheaper.
I desire this whole subject referred to the
Committee on Commerce, that that committee
may examine into the commercial relation of
the telegraphic system to the business and
commerce of the United States, and I desire
to make the examination in that committee
thoiough, so that they may be enabled to
report upon the system. I therefore ask for
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
PostHoads [Mr. Ramsey] is necessarily absent
from his seat this morning. I do not propose
to enter into a discussion of this question at
iliis time, but l suggest for the consideration
of the Senate that tliis whole subject is already
committed to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads; we have voluminous papers
in relation to it already before us; and it
would seem to me to be hardly appropriate
to press this resolution to a vote this morning
in the absence of the chairman of that com-
mittee.
I will make one single suggestion, however,
in reply to what I und-rstaud to be the basis
of the argument of the Senator from Michigan,
for referring this subject to the Committee on
Commerce instead of the Committee on Post
Offices aud Post Roads. If 1 understand the
statement ot the Senator aright, it is that a
very large proportion of the communication
passing over the wires are of a commercial char-
acter; consequently, the telegraphic system
has a commercial bearing, and ought, iheie-
fore, to be considered as a commercial ques-
tion. The Senator may be right; butlthinkif
there be anything iu the argument, it proves
that the wholesubject of the Post Office Depart-
ment should go to the Committee 011 Com-
merce, because I assume that the proportion
of letters transmitted through the mails relating
to commercial matters is equally as great as
the proportion of comm«rcitl conespondence
which passes over the telegraph wires. Ilhmk
the Senator is too modest in lii-s resolution
He should make it a little more sweeping and
he should take in all commercial questions,
aud, certainly, all mail communications are
commercial, if his argument is good for any-
thing. because the letters relate to commercial
matters. But 1 do not propose to discuss the
matter; I only propose for the consideration
of the Senator that he let his resolution lie
over until the chairman of tl e Post Office Com-
mittee can be present.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. I do not
wish to press it now; but I wish to say to my
honorable friend that there will be no collision
between the Post Office Committee and the
Committee on Commeiee. The Committee 011
Commerce merely desired to examine the ques-
tion so far as it lelated to the eouimeieiai ser-
vice : not to interfere in any manner or shape
with the Committee 011 Post Offices and Post
Koads, but to consider and report on the reia
tions of the system with commerce. I am per-
fectly willmgj however, that it lie over, and I
ask that it lie over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The reso-
tion will lie over.
MESSAGE KKOXI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 65) relating to the limitation of steam
pressure on towing and freight boats on the
Mississippi river and its tiibutaries.
ENROLLED HILL SIGNKD.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 773) relating to the limitation of steam
pressure 011 towing and freight boats 011 the
Mississippi liver and its tributaries, changed
from House joint resolution No. 65 ; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
treasury defalcations.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchments be, and hereby are, instructed
to inquire into the recent defalcations in the Treas-
ury Department, and to report what, if any, guards
or checks are necessary to protect the public Treas-
ury; and for that purpose to examine persons and
papers.
NKW YORK ClSTOAl-IIOUSE.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask now that the Sen-
ate take up, hoping that there will be no objec-
tion to it, a similar resolution that t offered yes-
terday, instructing this committee to make a
certain inquiry.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Original resolu-
tions of the Senate have priority ; hut if there
is no objection, the Senator from New York
proposes to call up the resolution he offered
yesterday on a similar subject to that just
acted on.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I think there are no more
original resolutions to he offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution of llie Senator from
New York, iftheic be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution submit-
ted yesterday by Mr. Coxkuxo, as follows :
Whereas it has been declared in the Senate that
" at the port ot New York there exists and is main-
tained by officers of the United States, under the
name of the ' general-order business,' a monstrous
abuse, fraudulent in character;" and whereas the
following statement has been made by a Senator:
''It was intimated by some ot the witnesses that
Mr. Leet. who pockets the enormous profits arising
from that business. had some connection with the
White House ; but General Porter way examined,
Mr. Leet himself was examined, aud they both testi-
fied that it was not so, and counting the number of
the witnesses we have 110 jiidit to form a different
conclusion. Uut the fact ic-mains that this sopr>-
dalous sy>tem of robbery is sustained—is sustained
against the voice of ttie merchants of New Yoik—is
su>faintd against the ju.lgaien* and the voice ol the
Seeretaiy ot t.he T-easury himself. Ia^k you, how
is it sustained? Wheie and what is the mysterious
power that hu-tams it? The conclusion ^inevi-
table thiit it is n power stronger than decent re>peet
forpubkc opinion, nay, a power stronger than the
Secretary of the Treasuiy himself:'' Thereioie,
ItevoiK d, That the Committee of Investigation and
Retrenchment be insii noted to inquire into the
matter fully and at hn£e. and particularly whether
any collusion or improper connection with sahUuiM-
ness exists on the pint ol' any officer ol the United
States: and that said committee further inquire
whether any person holding office in the custom-
house at New York has been defected, or is known
or believed by his ^upei lor officer to h.i ve been cuilty
ofbiibery, or of taking biibes, or of other erimeor
misdemeanor; and said committee is hereby cm-
powered to send tor persons and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This rcsoluiion
was submitted yesterday. If there be no
obieetion, it is now before the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator f'iom New Hampshire object?
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not object. I
wish to «-ay a word in relation to it.
The Yl'CE PRESIDENT. If there be no
division called for the question will lie taken
on the preamble and resolution together: bur
if a division be asked for. the question will he
first on the resolution and last on the pre-
amble.
Mr. PATTERSON. This question has been
twice examined already; first, some of the mer-
chants of New York sent to the Secretary of
the Treasury complaints in respect 10 the pres-
ent general-order system, and the Secreiary
appointed a committee of three gentlemen iiom
his Department to investigate those alleged
outrages. After a full and thorough investiga
