2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
of life which are unaffected by a tariff in any
■way compares with the increased cost of this
particular article V In other words, will he
tell us whether the whole thing is not ex-
plained by the difference in values as they
used to be and the difference in values as they
are now?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not explain it in that
■way. I think a good deal of the increased
price of beef might be accounted for by the
increased price of this very salt with which
we have to cure our beef.
Mr. CONKLING. Take fresh beef; how
does the price of fresh beef compare?
Mr. BLAIR. Everybody understands that
grazing cattle have to use salt in grazing, and
that, with other articles which are taxed in this
tariff, enhances the value of the beef, because
everything that enters into it has been by this
tariff so enhanced in price. That is one thing
which I say has given us high prices.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Sen-
ator then to account for the advance in the
price of fresh beef by the advance in the cost
of salt eaten by the cattle from which the beef
conies ?
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator cannot have
understood what I did say. The price of beef
was enhanced to some extent by this cause ;
this and other articles of consumption have
been enhanced in price by a high tariff.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish he would state
what part, and what part belongs to the resi-
due, and then I shall know exactly.
Mr. CALDWELL. If the Senator from
Missouri will pardon me I should like to ask
a question at this point. If the price of salt
enters into the price of beef that may be
salted, what has it got to do with beef that is
never suited ? I happen to know something
about Texas cattle; it is my particular busi-
ness to deal in them, and I know they are
turned loose on the plains, and they never see
salt until they are bought up by the people of
Kansas and Missouri and salted, and I know
that the price of cattle in the western States
is controlled and governed entirely by the num-
ber of Texas cattle that are brought into the
country, and those cattle are not salted. There-
fore the argument of the Senator from Mis-
souri does not hold good. There is no gait in
his argument at all.
Mr. BLAIR. There is no single article
which enters into the consumption of the
farmer the price of which iias not been en-
hanced by this tariff system; and what the
Senator says about his Texas cattle does not
answer and will not answer the argument, or
what I have heretofore called the demonstra-
tion in relation to this matter. That the price
• of this salt is enhanced by the addition of the
duty to it is as palpable as daylight, as clear
as any proposition that ever was made. If
Senators, after seeing that this company which
manufactures its salt in New York and sells it
at one price there, is able each year to send
five hundred thousand bushels of it into Can-
ada and sell it for half the price in compe-
tition with foreign salt, still hold the opinion
that its price in this country is not enhanced
by the tariff, I shall despair of any argument
which would reach them.
When again I show the Senator that the
manufacturer of salt at Syracuse can carry it
by railroad to Boston, and sell it there upon
the sea-shore in competition with the salt im-
ported into Boston from abroad at the price
of the imported salt, which is less than one
half the price after it has paid the duty, and
he is not then convinced that this additional
price comes from the tariff imposed by our
law, I shall despair of reaching him with any
argument, though he may talk ever so learn-
edly about fresh beef and Texas cattle. When
the fishermen in Boston can buy untaxed salt
for one ha.lt the price that anybody else can
buy it for in Boston, for the reason that he has
the right to a drawback, and when the favored
Canadian can buy Onondaga salt at $1 60 a
barrel when the citizen of Syracuse has to pay
$2 35, if the Senator from Kansas and the
Senator from New York do not see that this
difference is created by the tariff which we
place upon salt, I shall despair of any argu-
ment which will reach them and convince
them of any proposition.
These are facts stated by a gentleman of
the highest character in the country, stated in
a public speech in Syracuse, in the very home
of this monopoly. They stand uncontradicted
and undenied. The record of this company
shows that they exported five hundred thou-
sand bushels of salt each year for four years
to Canada, and sold the salt there at $1 60 a
barrel, while they were at the same time
demanding $2 35 for the same article in the
city in which it was produced. Sir, this is
too plain a case to pursue further, and I will
not longer detain the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it is a
very easy matter to denounce monopolies.
They are not a very popular class. It is a very
unpopular word, and if you wish to raise a
prejudice against any man or any set of men
you have only to raise the cry of "monopoly,"
perhaps the most odious word that is applied
to any kind of persons in the United States.
To-day we have been treated to a disserta-
tion upon monopolists in salt, and we have been
told that these monopolists hired salt-works
for a fabulous price and shut them up. 1
merely wish to say that so far as the salt-
makers of Saginaw are concerned they have
hired no salt-works and shut them up in the
Saginaw valley or out of it, for they have been
compelled to shut up every single block of
kettles in the whole valley of the Saginaw that
ran with fuel that was bought. Not one single
block of salt-boiling kettles is at work to day
that buys its fuel or that uses any other than
refuse fuel from the mills.
If the Senator considers that a monopoly,
all I have to say to him is, " Go in yourself
and be accounted a monopolist." There is
a region a hundred miles in diameter, all
equally rich in salt. He can go anywhere in
that whole valley of salt, sink his well, and
become himself a monopolist. Now, sir, if
you think there is money in that monopoly,
go and buy your laud—you cau buy it for five
dollars an acre—put up your salt-works, and
become yourself a monopolist.
The Senator has proved too much. He has
stated that during the war there were fabulous
prices paid for salt. So there were. Why?
.Because he and the men sympathizing with
him had made salt free. When this war broke
out the capacity of our works would not sup-
ply the demand, and when your commerce was
shut off you had to pay fabulous prices because
you had not protected your own salt manufac-
tures before the war.
_Mr. BLAIR. And they charged a much
higher price after the war. It kept on rising
and is still going on.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg the Senator's
pardon. There is a difference of more than
a dollar a barrel between the price of salt
to-day and the price at the close of the war.
Mr. BLAIR. I beg the Senator's pardon
again.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have the figures. I
live where salt is made.
Mr. BLAIR. I have authorities here just
as good as that of the Senator. I have already
quoted them.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not care what your
authority is ; I toll you that I know the fact;
and the men who furnished youyour authorities
did not know it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
will please address the Chair.
Mr. BLAIR. That is always the way with
monopolies and representatives of monopo-
lies ; they want to put people down by asser-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I assert what I know
to be the fact, and I care not where any inform-
ation comes from that differs from what I know
to be the fact.
Mr. BLAIR. I dare say.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, as a
war measure, to protect your nation in time
of war, I ask you not only to keep the same
protection on now—I was going to say it was
for the interest of this nation to protect itself
in time of war, and as a war measure to so far
promote the manufacture of salt as to produce
all you need. Had you prior to the rebellion
had the same duty on salt that you have to-
day, the price of salt would not have risen
during the war, because you would have pro-
duced it yourself. There was no reason for
this advance.
In rebeldom during the war salt went up to
a dollar a pound. I have seen the quotations.
Why, sir, we sacrificed thousands of men to
capture almost their only salt-works during
the war; and they felt the blow more severely
than any other blow ever struck at the heart
of the rebellion except the final dissolution of
their armies. They had no salt; they had no
manufactures of salt; they had no commerce ;
thoy had no means of bringing in salt; and
they were at our mercy; and now as a war
measure, purely as a war measure, for you
need salt as much as you need gunpowder in
time of war, and you cannot carry on a war
without salt as well as gunpowder, I demand
that this protection shall be maintained, that
your salt-works shall not be shut up.
Sir, I state as a fact that during the rebel-
lion all the salt-works then in existence were
run to their utmost capacity. In the Saginaw
valley every block that was then built was put
to work night and day at its full capacity.
They bored new wells and the new wells were
urged to^ their utmost capacity, and still the
supply did not meet the demand, and the
price of salt went up fabulously. I have no
doubt that the salt-works that existed then did
make money during the years of the rebellion
and perhaps for a year after. But, sir, those
wells that were dug then to meet a pressing
necessity of your Government in supplying
the salt that you actually required, have since
that time been shut up, and to-day there are
any number of wells all ready to pump water,
with their blocks erected, that do not run
because they cannot lun at present prices
without losing money.
Sir, directly across in Canada, at Goderich,
they have the same wells and the same water.
There wood costs them a dollar a coid. There
labor is worth sixty cents a day that is worth
$1 20 a day on our side. There they can an--
dersell us, and they are about to supply Canada.
The time may have been when Canada was sup-
plied with saltfrom the United States, but I tell
the Senator he can buy salt to-day chcaper,
not only by the thousand, but by the ten thou-
sand barrels, in Goderich than anywhere in
these United States. Salt by the thousands
of barrels is lying there waiting this movement
to remove the duty on salt. Instead of pay-
ing $1 60 a barrel you can buy to-day any
number—I was going to say thousands of bar-
rels—at $1 25. They have not a demand for
it. Salt is cheaper there than anywhere in
the United States.
Mr. BLAIR. Does the Senator deny the
statement which is found on the books of the
Onondaga Salt Company, that they exported
and sold in Canada five hundred thousand
bushels in four successive years' each vear ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, 1 do not denyany-
thing. I say the time may have been at some
remote period when that was done, but I say
it is not so to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. Let rue state in what
sense it is true.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. It is true in this sense:
there was a trade with Canada which brought
a great many vessels here, and those vessels
going back,empty carried freight, salt particu-
larly, substantially for nothing, and one kind
