1104
TH1 CONGRSB8IQKL GLOBE.
February IT,
I will only say in reply that the people will
expect justice aa well as reform, and the re-
mote West and Pacific coast will expect and
demand that the facilities for examination to
them shall be equal to those of other States
bordering on the national capital. Otherwise,
the remote sections of the country would be
unjustly dealt with, and the city of Washington
and the eastern States would receive the ma-
jority of appointments, thus making unjust
discriminations against the West, virtually
filling every department with New England
school teachers or graduates of rebel colleges.
The commission urge, as an objection to our
present civil service system, that the clamor of
members of Congress foroflice for their friends
have a tendency to increase the number of
offices; yet at the same time they propose, if
they intend justice to the whole people, to estab-
lish a reform system which creates one thou-
sand new offices at salaries amounting in the
aggregate to over one million per annum.
Mr. Speaker, the plan proposed in my
' opinion is totally impracticable, inexpedient,
and expensive, and X would long hesitate be-
fore 1 should give my vote to take from the
national Treasury one million of our revenue
to inaugurate 80 doubtful an experiment.
Why, sir, in 1853, Congress, by law upon your
statute-books, (Statutes at Large, volume 10,)
classified the clerical force in each Department
of the Government in four classes, fixing the
salary to each, and in that law provided for
the examination by its own officers of the
applicant for position, which is as follows:
" No clerk shall be appointed in either of the four
classes until al ter ho hu.s been examined a,nd found
qualified, tjy a hoard fo consist ot three examiners,
one or them to be chief of the bureau or office into
which lie is to be appointed, and the two others to be
selected by the head of tho Department to which the
said clfrfe wil( he assigned."
This, sir, is the law, aud has been for twenty
years wider our present civil-service, and I
feel warranted from tb9 honesty, capacity, and
integrity of our clerical force, $.nd the manner
in which their duties have been discharged,
that so long us the Republican party have bean
in puwor it has been faithfully administered.
I regret that, 1 am unable to say so much for
my Democratic friends while they had control
of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, 1 submit to the country, who
are the best qualified to judge of the merits
and qualifications of persons seeking employ-
ment ill the civil service of tho eountiy, the
heads of Departments, familiar with all the
duties of the office and the talent requisite to
fill it, or a board of examiners who know
nothing whatever of the particular duties to
be performed?
And now, sir, 1 come to the main objection
of our civil service reformers, that Senators
and members make the recommendations and
that has a tendency to secure corrupt men in
getting position. This certainly is not a large
compliment to our public (iien either as to
honor or integrity, and the. probability is
that the standard of honesty and integrity is
governed to a large extent by their own, what-
ever may be thought of the honesty of mem-
bers of Congress. Policy would dictate that
to receive the indorsement of his constituents
and insure the tenure of' his position he would
recommend the best men, whose character
would meet the approval of his constituents
and the public.
] ndeed, sir, if we were to judge of the contin-
ued return of members to this House we should
not fail to come to the conclusion that, so far as
their recommendations were acted on by the
Departments the appointments were indorsed
by their constituents, and 1 know of no source
by which the heads of Departments could so
readily get the proper information as to char-
acter and integrity of applicants as from mem-
bers and Senators having personal knowledge
of the party and the persons who recommend
them from their place ofresidetice; and I see no
impropriety in making such recommendations.
Having given my views as to the system
of the so called civil service reform proposed,
I desire to add in conclusion that I stand
ready to give my hearty support to any im-
provement of the system of our present civil
service which will add to its efficiency and do
equal and common justice to the whole people
of the United States, and I trust that the
agitation of this important subject will result
111 a better system, or in making still more
perfect our present one ; and the following res-
olution offered by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Upson] meets my approval and should be
adopted in any change of the present system:
"Resolved, That the select Committee on the Re-
form ot the Civil Service be directed to report a bill
providing, so far as practicable, for tho admission to
the civil service of a number of persons from each
State in proportion to Us population, and also giving
the preference to those candidates who have ren-
dered to the Government honorable service as sol-
diers and sailors."
LAND GRANTS FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. ARMSTRONG addressed the Houqe in
remarks uppn the subject of graqt? of public
lands for railroads in the Territories. [See
Appendix.]
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to make a few statements about what
we know by the name of "civil service re-
form." Of course I neither hope nor shall
attempt to add anything whatever to what is
known upon this most marvelous subject—
marvelous I mean in what it has endured both
of oratory and literature. This subject, like
almost every other one, may well say to us as
Mr. Carlyle did to the students of his univer-
sity, " The great want of the nineteenth century
is silence." Still, I add to the wilderness of
things in which we have bewildered, and I
fear lost, civil service reform, this my first,
and I trust last contribution, and my apology
for doing so shall be this, that I simply aim
at putting down how earnestly I am in favor
of it, and how vital I deem the subject. I shall
strive to do so in a few sentences. My first
one I choose to take from a paper the best and
most revered that is preserved in our political
treasures; I mean, of csurse, the Farewell
Address of Washington. That sentence is
this:
/'The necessity of reciprocal checks in the exer-
cise of political power by dividing and distributing
it into different depositories and constituting each
the guardian of tho public weal agamst invasion by
the other, has been evinced by experiments both
ancient and modern; to preserve thom must be as
neoessary as to institute them."
Mr. Speaker, I would that I could burn this
one sentence taken from the lips of Washington
into the brain of those who rule the Republic,
and I would that I could cut it "with point of
diamond" into the tables of your laws and
reeinbalm it in both the comprehension and
admiration of all the people, so that it shall
become again what it was during the first, forty
years of your great life, an ever-present and
presiding quality of the State 1
Why, Mr. Speaker, it is impossible, when
speaking of the importance of what this sen-
tence inculcates, to exaggerate. It is so ele-
mentary in every enlightened conception of
constitutional government, as distinguished
from absolute ones, that we are ashamed to go
back to this mere alphabet. But I would say,
if I could do so, to this learned, proud, mighty
people of ours, that this mere alphabet of your
life you must learn over again right well and
quickly, or perish.
Mr. Speaker, the Legislature of this nation,
and the judges of this nation, and the President
thereof, must go back again to those high and
separate places to which they were assigned
by the Constitution, or else the Constitution
cannot long survive the refusal.
Indeed, sir, this regulated dependence and
independence of these three great qualities of
Government is an element whose importance
is so plain as, to adopt the words of Story,
" to make it a maxim, but a maxim of vital
importance, that these powers should be forever
kept separate and distinct." It is a quality
so thoroughly conceded as to have made it
enter unchallenged into the bill of rights of
most of the States and into the teachings of
all of the masters of the law. It is a quality
so fundamental in our own Government as
that the Convention which framed your Con-
stitution embodied and adopted, by the first, vote
cast by that illustrious Convention, a declara-
tion of this division of the Government's
powers—a resolution from which, as declared
by Mr. Story, the Constitution of the United
States sprang. So supreme did the frameis
of the Constitution deem this divorcement of
these three departments of power as to lead
them to record in the Federalist the admonition
embraced in these memorable words:
"The accumulation of these powers in tho same
hands is justly pronounced the very definitiun of
tyranny."
This precise idea, by which the regulated
dependence and independence of these three
great divisions of the Government's delegated
powers shall be held and exercised by sepa-
rate departments, is as old as the history of
constitutional government. It. was lauded by
Tacitus; it was enforced by the marvelous
eloquence of Cicero ; it was defined and also
exalted to the grade of a maxim in political
science by Montesquieu ; it was simplified and
enforced by Blaekstone; it was vindicated for
its essential and practical values by Paley ; it
was wrought up into the forms of well-defined
government during a thousand years by Eng-
land in fixing limitations upon the powers of
the Crown ; but for us, far more important
than qII the rest, it was embodied into the
foundations of pur own Republic by Washing-
ton.
Complete accuracy of idea $nd of practice
here upon this foundation quality of the Gov-
ernment is wholly indispensable. Any H civil
Service reform " which fails to master thp idea
and enforce its law will not only be failure, but
disaster. This complete comprehension and
enforcement of the relation of dependence and
independence, of balance and of check, of
"nomination" and "advice," of subordina-
tion and coequality of these three great pow-
ers of constitutional governments, is precisely
the work now before the civil service reform-
ers ofthe Republic—a work consummated when
the Government shall be brought back and
held tq this great thought of the Constitution.
Tl)e importance of that degree of independence
which is secured by the Constitution to these
departments the Federalist enforces in these
words!
" The concentrating of these in the same hands is
precisely the definition of a despotic government."
On the other hand, some illustrious author-
ity declares the importance of these, depart-
ments being made to balance and check and
support each ptherin that defined degree which
is ordained by the Constitution in these words:
"Unless these departments be so fa.r connected
and blended as to give to each a constitutional con-
trol over the others, the degree of separation which
the maxim requires as essential to free government
can never, in practice, be duly maintained."
Now, sir, what has all this to do with "civil
service reform ?" Much I assure you, in every
way; so much indeed that any reform which
invades this constitutional and defined inde-
pendence of the coordinate departments must
be radically and fatally bad. On the other
hand, any lack of reform which maybe needed
for the enforcement of this degree of depend-
ence in the way of check and balance between
these departments is equally mischievous, and
as certainly in the end fatal.
Now, in a few sentences let us strive to
see how and why this is so. Take this first:
The creation of, the qualifications for, and
the methods of induction into all the offices
of the Government, and also the part to be
taken in each of these by each of the several
departments and each of the Houses of Con-
gress, belonging to one of the departments, is,
