156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Tariff and its Burdens—Mr. Grossland.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
Per cent.
Cloths madeof wool  6$r
Shawls  53t
Flannels 113i
Blankets 309
Wool hats, 50 cents per pound..... 35
Clothing, ready made, 50 cents per pound, and 40
Coffee 46J
Tea    50
Sugar 76£
Spices   337£
Opium, $2 50 per pound.
Quinine  45
Castor-oil 144J
Books      25
When we look through the long list we see
everything is taxed. Ii' disease prostrates the
tax-payer on a bed of torture and suffering, he
cannot be cured until he first pays the tax on
the remedies that a kind, beneficent Creator
has offered to secure his restoration to health.
He must employ a taxed doctor, take taxed
medicine from a taxed bottle with a taxed
spoon. If the disease cannot be arrested, and
the grim monster stands before his eyes, the
minister of God must read him the comforting
assurances of the rewards that await the faith-
ful from a taxed Bible.
I hold in my hand a list of articles of com-
mon use by the people, with a table showing
the amount of duty collected on each article,
its wholesale value in New York after it has
paid the tariff, and its value without tariff:
Moreens, ladies' skirts—Duty 110? percent, in gold;
wtaoleialepriee in New York per yard, with duty, 35
cents in gold; wholesale price in New York, without
duty, 17s ecnts gold.
Ctaene challm—Duly 80J- per cent, in sold; whole-
sale price in New York, with duty, 20 cents gold;
wholesale price in New York, free of duty, 8* cents
gold.
Melanges—Duty 83 per cent.gold; wholesale price
in New York, with duty,35 cents gold; wholesale
pricc in New York, free of duty, 18 cents gold.
Black alpaca—Duty 85s per cent, gold; wholesale
price m New York, with duty,20 cents gold ; whole-
sale pricc in New York, free of duty, 9.46 cents gold.
Black jaconets—Duty 101 per cent.gold; wholesale
price in New York, with duty, 16i cents gold; whole-
sale price in New York, free of duty, 6.63 cents gold.
Indigo blue paletot cloth, men's wear—Duty per
yard $1 gold; wholesale price in New York per yard,
with duty, $2 50 currency; wholesale price in New
York, free ot duty, $1 38 currency.
Mixed coatings—Duty 63 cents per yard gold;
wholesale price m New York, with duty. $1 63 per
yard gold; wholesale price in New York, tree of
duty, 73 cents per yard gold.
Mixed Whitney cloth—Duty per yard $1 16gold;
wholesale price in New York per yard, with duty,
$2 90 currency; wholesale price in New York per
yard, free of duty, 31 60 currency.
Will gentlemen look at these tables and see
the enormous, ruinous taxation the people are
subjected to? Can the farmer, the mechanic,
and tradesman look at these figures that so
plainly tell them that at least halfthey earn, all
the surplus they can possibly save, toil and
economize as they may, will be swallowed up
by this wholesale robbery? As I remarked,
the few articles mentioned are taken from a
list of over four thousand on which this tariff
or taxation is paid. Every yard of cloth,
every garment, hat, boots, shoes, all, all are
taxed. Every farming implementj-axes, spades,
hoes, shovels, chains, &e.; all the tools used
by the mechanic are taxed.
In order to give tax-payers a plain under-
standing of the operations of this oppressive
system, I have prepared a table showing the
amount of tariff charged" and collected on a
suit of clothing. I was astonished to hear my
distinguished friend from New York [Mr.
Brooks] say that he bought the comfortable
and handsome suit; that lie wears in England
for eighteen dollars. They were not taxed,
and would cost here, after paying the tariff,
gixty dollars.
I desired very much to make an estimate of
the amount of tax paid on a suit of ladies'
wear. I can easily tell the amount per yard
that the goods are taxed, but in these days of
fashion and trails the number ot yards in a
lady's dress is, as Lord Dundreary says, some-
thing that "no fellow can ever find out."
I here present the table showing the amount
of tax charged on a suit of men's apparel:
The farmer or mechanic goes to his retail merchant
to buy a suit of clothes. He buys four yards of
Whitney cloth for a coat. It has paid the duty,
and is worth at wholesale price S3 90 currency per
yard, making $11 60
It is only worth, without the tax, $1 60 per yard,
and four yards  6 40
Taxes paid on cloth for coat $5 20
He buys one and a half yards of wool cloth for a
vest, worth $1 50 per yard. It is taxed sixty-nine
per cent. It costs, with tax  $2 25
Without tax it is worth only  70
Tax paid on cloth for vest $1 55
He buys three yards woolen cloth for pants, worth,
with tax, $2 per yard S6 00
It is taxed sixty-nine per cent., which is  4 14
Pants would cost without tax  $1 80
He buys a pair of boots worth $6 00, taxed thirty-five
per cent  $6 00
Worth without tax  3 90
Tax paid on boots $2 10
Hat worth,with duty paid $5 00
It has paid a duty of sixty-one per cent.,
amounting to  3 05
Cost of hat without tax  $1 95
Suit of clothes cost $30 85
Amount of tax paid  19 04
Cost without tax $11 81
I have wondered that the people have sub-
mitted so lougand so patiently to this oppress-
ive and ruinous rate of tariff and taxation.
They have been deceived, they have been
taught that the high rate of taxation was neces-
sary to defray the expenses of the Government,
that the rebellion had entailed a colossal na-
tional debt, and that all the money paid by the
people was exhausted in meeting the real ne-
cessities of the nation. And the people who
are patriotic and honest relied on these state-
ments, and patiently labored and cheerfully
paid, because they believed they were but dis-
charging the duties of good citizens. I have
shown that the money exacted from them has
not been needed or used for these purposes,
and I come now to another branch of this sub-
ject, and propose to expose a system of legal-
ized robbery, established in the interest of the
few capitalists, monopolists, or manufacturers
in this country—I mean the protective feature
in our tariff system.
We have heard all our lives politicians argue
that American industry, American manufac-
tures, and American labor must be protected.
What does this mean, the people inquire?
Why, simply this, "and nothing more" or
less: that there are a few men in the United
States who have money enough to buy machin-
ery. They erect large factories and engage in
the business of making iron and steel, manu-
facturing salt, spinning and weaving cotton, and
making cotton cloth, weaving and making
woolen cloth, making leather, and manufac-
turing for wholesale shoes and boots, manu-
facturing books, paper, medicine, &c. Across
the ocean, in England and other countries,
there are men who are also engaged in manufac-
turing. They are willing to sell what they make
at a small profit, and havingmore than there is
a demand for at home, they desire to bring it
over to this country and sell it to our people for
small profits, or exchange it with them for bread
and meat, tobacco, and other products of this
country, each getting a fair price for their pro-
ducts ; but the American manufacturer wishes
to sell his goods for more than their worth,
and notwithstanding the fact that they are
a'ready protected by the wide waste of waters
that lie between us and Scotland, England,
and Germany, by long, perilous, and expen-
sive transportation that foreign goods must
pay, incited by greed and avarice, comes to
Washington and makes his appeal to Congress
for statutory protection. And they, actios un-
der the double influence of prejudice to for-
eigners and partiality for the home manufac-
turer, losing sight of the interest of the great
majority engaged in other pursuits, enact laws,
and say that before the foreign-made goods
shall be sold to the people there must be paid
an average of forty-eight per cent, on their
value, so as to enable the American manufac-
turer to sell his goods for forty-eight per cent,
more than they are worth, and in this no man
under the.sun is protected or benefited except
the owners of the money invested in the vari-
ous branches of manufactures. True, protec-
tionists argue that the pauper labor in Europe
can be employed twenty five percent, cheaper
than here, and that unless protected the men
and women who labor in the manufactories
will starve; but the fact is that the protection
starves them. They are consumers; they eat,
wear clothes, hats, and shoes, and have to pay
for these things by labor.
If you will give them their coffee and tea,
and salt and clothing, hats and shoes, and
other articles of necessity fie« of tax, or even
reduce the rate fifiy per cent., they will thank
j'ou to do it and put their wage. down twe.ity-
five per cent But the lact, is, as before said,
they have in the freight, insuianse, and im-
porter's profit on foreign manufactures protec-
tion already of more than thirry-tive per cent.,
and the master mechanics or skilled workmen
in your manufactories can take care of them-
selves. By the levying of this impost tax or
duty of forty-eight per cent, on the foreign
goods the price is raised so high as to exclude
them ; for, as I have said, they must pay for
transportation, they mast pay for insurance
against the perils of storms and wrecks on the
ocean, and the importer must have some profit,
and after all these charges are incurred, and
the imports enhanced in cost and value, this
Government interposes the tax of foity-eight
per cent., making not less than eighty-five
per cent, that is heaped upon foreign-made
goods before they can get into the market to
compete for sale and consumption with home-
made articles or manufactures.
I now present some facts and figures from
the records to show the operation of this
tariff. During the last fiscal year the imports
amounted to only $518,759,518, on which the
people pay a tariff of $202,458,673; but the
imports constitute but a small per cent, of the
amount used and consumed of such goods as
were imported, and the amount of customs
tax paid constitutes but a small per cent, of
the amount paid by the people who consume
such articles as were imported.
Take salt, for instance. The people of the
United States consumed, during the last cal-
endar year, forty million bushels. Of this we
imported but twelve million bushels—this was
worth, before it paid duty, $1,158,208 56 ; it
paid duty amounting to $1,176,587 37; arid
the value of it raised to $2,334,705 93. But
the people consumed forty million bushels, of
which twenty-eight million bu3heis were manu-
factured in the United States, and was sold to
them at the same price paid for the imported
salt. And the consumers actually paid on the
domestic productcf salt a tariff of $3,160,000;
add duty paid on imported salt., $1,176,587 37;
tax paid by consumers of salt, $4,336,587 37.
Of this the Government received, $1,176,-
587 37, and the American manufacturers,
$3,160,000. And to get $1,17(5,587 37 rev-
enue into the Treasury the people paid
$4,336,587 37 of tax.
To make a further illustration of the opera-
tion of the tariff, I take iron and steel. Dur-
ing the last calendar y< gtr the people of the
United States bought and consumed or used
