2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
The House divided; and there were—ayes
66, noes 45; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Randall tellers.
The House again divided ; and there were—
ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 81, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Bingham, Austin
i Blair, George M. Brooks Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cotton, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Dunnell,
Elliott, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Hamble-
ton, Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper. Houghton, Kelley,
Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe, Maynard. McJunkin,
Merriam, Monroe, Morphis, Negley, Niblack. Pack-
ard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent,
Sessions, Shanks. H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Worthincton C. Smith, Snyder. Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Stowell, Swann. Taffe, Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Twichell, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace,
Wheeler, Willard, Williama of Indiana, and John
T. Wilson—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Bel!, Beveridge. Bird. James G. Blair, Braxton,
James Brooks, Caldwell, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Conner, Crossland, Davis, Duke, Eames, Eldredge,
Farnswortb, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Getz, Golladay,
Haldeiaan, Ilandley, Hanks, Harper, liny, Ilerndon,
Hibbard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lewis,
Manson, McClolland, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, Mcllenry, Mclntyre, Mercur, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitcholi, Leonard Myers, Orr, llosea W.
Parker, Eli Perry. Price. Randall, Read. Edward
Y.Rice, John M. Rice, William 11. Roberts, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Scolield, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss. R. Milton Speer, Storm, Suth-
erland, Terry, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Tvner, Yaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Waldron,
Whitthornc. Joremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Beat.ty, Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Boles,
Bright, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Cox, Crobs,
Creoly. Critehor, i>e Large, Dickey. Dox, Du Hose,
Duell, Elv, Forker. Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Garrett,Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, Halsey, llancock,
Harmor, George E. llnrris,John T. IIarri3, Llavcns,
Hereford, Kellogg, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lansing, Leach, Lynch, Marshall, McKeo, McKin-
ney. MoNeoly, Merrick, Moore, Morey, Morgan,
Packer. Peck. Pendleton, Aaron F. Porry, Peters,
Potter, Prindlo, Ritchie, Robinson, Sawyer, Seeley,
Sheldon, Sh ,illabargor, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer,
Stroiisr, St. John, Sypher, Van Trump, Walls, War-
ren, Wells, Whiteley. Williams of New York, Win-
chester, and Young—79.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to recommit the
report to the committee of conference.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not see
how that can be done, the Senate having
already acted upon the report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would not the
proper course be to appoint another commit-
tee '/
The SPEAKER. There is nothing in the
rules preventing the recommittal of the report
the same committee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let it go
back to the same committee.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it should go back
to the same committee. I believe there has
never been a better conference committee
appointed on the part of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have reports ever
been recommitted under such circumstances?
The SPEAKER. Very frequently. It has
been done with this bill once already.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has it been done
after a report has been acted upon by the
Senate?
The SPEAKER. That does not interfere
at all with the question of recommittal.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to inquire if it would
be in order to express a hope that the com-
mittee will stand by the action which the
House has just taken?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ex-
press that hope in public or in private. [Laugh-
ter.]
The question being taken on recommitting
the report to the committee of conference, it
was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was recommitted to
the conference committee ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
beaver lake, indiana.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back the bill (S.
No. 616) to authorize the survey and sale of
the lands forming the bed of Beaver lake, in
the State of Indiana, with a substitute.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
only the substitute reported by the Committee
on the Public Lands will be read.
There was no objection ; and the substitute
was read, as follows:
Beit enacted, <fcc„ That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause all that part of the public domain known
as the bed ot Beaver lake, and situated in the
county of Newton, in the State of Indiana, forming
parts of township thirty north, ranges eight, nine
and ten west, and of township thirty-one north,
range nine west, to be surveyed and offered for sale
in legalsubdivisions at the court-house in the county
of Newton, first giving sixtydays' notice of the time
and place of such sale, by publication in some news-
paper of general circulation published in the city
of Indianapolis, Indiana, and also in some news-
paper of general circulation published in said county
of Newton.
Skc. 2. That all actual settlers upon,and inhabit-
ants of, any parts of the lands forming said bed of
Beaver lako on the 1st day of January, A. D. 1871,
who have made permanent improvements there-
on, upon proof, satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Interior, of such settlement andimproveuientprior
to that date, shall have priority of purchase of the
full amount of said lands so occupied and improved
by them, at the rate of $1 25 per acre for said lands
and improvements; and that all holders of any
parts ot said la ds, by purchase in good faith and
tor a valuable consideration, mediately or imme-
diately from the State of Indiana, or its assigns, or
from Michael G. Bright, or his assigns, or by devise
or inheritance from such purchaser, shall be entitled
to enter the lands so held, in legal subdivisions, at
tho land otficeatlndianapolis, Indiana, at the price
of $1 25 per acre, m preference to all other persons:
Provided, however, That nothing herein contained
shall be so construed as to make any vendor liable
to his vendee for any purchase-money that may
have been paid, excepting to the extont of the
amount that such vendee may be required to pay in
order to perfect his title under the provisions of this
act; nor shall anything herein contained be so eon-
strued as to prevent any vendor froui recovering
from his vendee any unpaid purchase-money, ex-
cepting that such vendeomay havean abatement of
such purchase-money, to the extent of any sum he
may havo paid, pursuant to the provisions of this
act, for the purpose of perfecting ins title.
Sec. 3. That the residue of said lands shall be dis-
posed of at public salo to the highest bidder at a
price not less than $1 25 per acre.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave to offer the
following amendment, to go in at the end of
the first section.
The Clerk read as follows :
And the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, directed out of the proceeds of said land to
pay to the State of Indiana the sum of money actu-
ally expended by said Sta.te in draining said lake,
not exceeding, howovor, $13,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I object
to admitting it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
not object. The money which has made this
land valuable ought to be refunded to the
State.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. That
question has been considered, and I cannot
admit the amendment.
The substitute reported by the Committee
on the Public Lands was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, also
moved that the title of the bill be changed so
as to read: "A bill for the sale of lands
reclaimed by the drainage of Beaver lake,
Indiana."
The motion was agreed to ; and the title was
changed accordingly.
order 01? business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House proceed to the
consideration of the concurrent resolution of
the Senate, tendering the thanks of Congress to
the people of the State of Connecticut for the
statues of Jonathan Trumbull and Roger
Sherman, and accepting these works of art in
the name of the nation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
will be three hours of speeches on that reso-
lution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Iunderstood
that Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday of this week were set apart for
debate on the tariff.
Mr. DAWES. I have been very desirous
of moving that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the tariff.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table,
is privileged. The motion of the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Kellogg,] being a
motion to suspend the rules, is of higher
privilege.
The question being taken on Mr. Kellogg's
motion, there were—ayes 53, noes 71.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
Mr. COB URN. I move to suspend the
rules for the consideration of the bill to enable
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors,
their widows and children, to obtain home-
steads on the public lands of the United
States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to know how the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Cobdrn] got the floor to make that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. The moment the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] moved
to proceed to business on the Speaker's table
his possession of the floor was exhausted.
He does not now occupy the floor, and the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] moves
to suspend the rules for the purpose of bring-
ing before the House the bill whose title he
has given.
The Chair would further say, and he desires
the attention of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that he has the right to make his motion
to proceed to business oil the Speaker's table
by a suspension of the rules. That would take
precedence of any other suspension of the rules.
If the gentlemau desires to try the sense of
the House on that, the Chair would entertain
the motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to make my motion so that it will
require a two-thirds vote to suspend the rules,
unless it be necessary.
The SPEAKER. Then, so long as any one
desires to move to suspend the rules, of course
the gentleman's motion cannot be put.
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
will move to suspend the rules to go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. We have not
been to the business on the Speaker's table
this session, and many Senate bills have not
been referred to the committees which have
to consider them.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman con-
fine his motion so that we shall go to the
Speaker's table to consider bills for reference
only and such as are not objected to ?
Mr. SARGENT. There are bills upon the
Speaker's table that passed the House and in
