1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2001
of salt, to wit, dairy salt, never coarse salt at
all, but a special salt for a special purpose,
which was a favorite in the Canadian market
and which they could carry homo as freight
free. They did buy a large quantity of that.
It is true in just that sense. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. BLAIlt. 1 will add in addition, if the
Senator from Michigan will permit me, that if
the practice does not exist now, it existed in
1869, and the hooks of the Onondaga Salt
Company show that in 1869 a large quantity
of salt was exported to Canada and sold in
Canada in competition with foreign salt.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am told that was fine
salt used for dairy purposes. I was speaking,
however, of the report I read for 1870 or 1871,
and hence I do not go so far back. There was
no report on the Godericli sail-works until
either 1870-or 1871, probably 1871, and hence
I do not go very far back. That industry in
Goderich has been developed within a few
years.
Now, Mr.*President, I suppose we have a
capacity to produce a hundred million bar-
rels for a million years in the Saginaw valley.
What I mean to say is that the amount "is
illimitable, and you may pump in all prob-
ability until the final day arrives when the
world is destroyed, and you will not affect the
quantity of salt in that valley. The water is the
purest you can find on earth. It is so pure that
you have to mix it with fresh water, or other-
wise you have to clcansc your kettles with fresh
water. In the Onondaga salt-works that is not
the case. They do not have to bring in fresh
svater to enable them to manufacture ; but ours
,s too pure for that, and we are obliged to
-■leanse our kettles with fresh water. The water
tbsolutely costs nothing. There is no royalty
>tpon it. Any man who buys a fifty-feet lot in
any village anywhere has simply to bore a well
and have his salt-works.
Mr. CAMERON. How deep do they bore?
Mr._ CHANDLER. About seven hundred
and ninety feet. I will guaranty the Senator
lcom Missouri that he may go there and be-
come the greatest monopolist in all that valley
if he sees fit to join the great army of Monopo-
lists.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 am very much obliged to
the Senator for describing the manner in which
salt is made in the valley of the Saginaw, and
telling us how cheap brine it, obtained tlicre.
I think he has given away his case. I think
he has shown that where the brine is supplied
for nothing, and where they burn simply the
shavings and the sawdust from the saw-mills,
there cannot be any very great expense involved
in making salt. I believe every word he says,
and I believe they can make salt in competi-
tion with the whole world, and will do it for
the million years he speaks of, and that
they do not need one cent, of protection, and
that every cent you give them in that way
is sheer robbery of the people, who are more
deserving than they are.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator proposes
to shut up all the salt-works except where
they can run them upon the refuse of saw-
mills. I do not think our refuse of saw-
mills will last quite a million years. If they
cut off lumber as fast as they have been doing
the last eight or ten years, they certainly will
not.
This, Mr. President, is simply a protection
to labor; that is all there is in the question.
If it was profitable for our men to buy wood
or coal and run those blocks and manufacture
salt to-day with the present tariff, every block
would be in motion, and they would be sink-
ing new wells and erecting new blocks every-
day.
But the Senator from Missouri seems to be
a great friend of the poor people. He evi-
dently wants to reduce the cost of living. Now,
poor men, listen to your great friend. He says,
" You have put tea and coffee on the free list,
and will you not put on salt?" Mr. President,
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 120.
are you aware how much salt a poor man uses
in a year on an average ? I will give the aver-
age consumption of every man, woman, and
child in the ffnited States for twelve months.
The Senator from Missouri does not seem to
know, and I do not suppose he does ; but 1
will tell him. Each man, woman, and child
in these United States is supposed to use indi-
vidually ten pounds of salt m a year. If be
can carry his measure—I do not think he can,
and I hope he cannot—he will actually reduce
the cost of living one cent and eight mills a
year. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, stand in awe 1 One cent and
eight mills a year is to be saved, and for that
you will destroy the product of this absolutely
necessary article. Will you destroy its pro-
duction in the United States to save one and
eight tenths cents to be put in your own pock-
ets? Are these men so awfully oppressed
that to preserve this great industry, to pre-
serve this indispensable material in time of
war, and enable us to place it cheaply where
ever it is needed, without transportation from
abroad, they will not submit to one and
eight tenths cents in a year ? Is it not wonder-
ful that this great reformer should light upon
this industry, and this alone, and say it is the
most important there is? He says it is more
important than tea and coffee, and yet it only
amounts to one cent and eight mills to each
individual. I do not believe there is a man
or woman in the United States who does not
consume several pounds of tea and coffee in a
year. The Senator may look at the amount
we have taken off tea and coffee and, decide
how near he is to the actual facts of the case.
Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate
longer, but I hope this duty will be retained
just as it is.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I shall vote
; for the amendment, of the Senator from Mis-
souri. Salt is an article that is used by the
poor as well as the rich. I voted for putting
tea and coffee on the free list, not, however,
for the motives attributed by the Senator from
Missouri. Though tea and coffee are luxuries,
i they are luxuries in which the poor as well as
' rich can indulge. They in part constitute, I
' may say, two of the necessities of life among
our people. I voted for free coffee and free
tea because that proposition addressed itself
to the humanities of the question before the
Senate. The poor use them; and I desired
in the case of the poor man or the poor woman
who has toiled during the day, and who can
only indulge in the luxury of a cup of tea or
coffee, to give it without money and without
price, so far as the Government was concerned.
But the Senator from Missouri says that this
was a covert device on .the part of those who
voted for free tea and free coffee in order that
they might impose higher duties 011 other arti-
cles for the encouragement of monopolies in
the East. If this be true, then the Senator
himself is at fault in the argument that he
brings forward when he asks us to reduce the
tax upon salt. If the tax upou salt brings
$1,000,000 into the Treasury, and that $1,000,-
000 is necessary for the support of the Gov-
ernment, and if you take that tax off salt, do
you not have to put it upon something else in
order to protect the monopolist of the East
in his already overgrown wealth ? There is a
link wanting in the logic of the Senator from
Missouri when ho argues this ease, and
charges those who voted for free tea and free
coffee with being in favor of monopolies.
Sir, so far as party is concerned, I have come
liei-e to vote upon this tariff question without
any restrictions or conditions imposed upon
me by party ; and when I observe the work-
ings of this measure in its windings through
the Senate, I see that party lines are not very
closely drawn.
When the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Kelloog] came to be tested, as
to the duty upon quinine, the vote upon quinine
described the fever and ague line. [Laughter.]
Those who used quinine voted for free quinine
and those who voted for duties on it were
without the necessity of quinine. When we
come to the question of salt I find that the
Senators from New York, who are not always
together upon questions before the Senate, are
brought together like brothers; they lock
shields and go arm in arm in support of the
duty upon salt. When again we touch the
question of salt, and the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Chandler] leaps with an elastic
bound into the conflict, I could have known
without that Senator having told me that he
came from a country, to use his own language,
where salt grows.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator pardon
me for interrupting him.
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator does not
mean to misrepresent me. I said that salt
was raised, raised by steam. It docsnotgrow;
it, is raised. '
Mr. ALCORN. I accept the Senator's ex-
planation, and say that 1 could have told very
well that he came from that land in which Salt
was raised. Well, sir, I shall vote for the repeal
, of this duty because salt is a necessity to the
| whole people, to every man, to the poor man
who penetrates the forest, and who erects his
cabin. I desire, when he sits down to partake
of his repast of fresh venison or buffalo meat,
that when ho comes to salt it, he may have his
salt without a duty, or without a tax by the
Government upou it. And yet, sir, I am here
to support this Government, and to keep the
revenue at such a level as is neccssary to
maintain this Government in all its workings
in the full scope of all its powers, but I come
| here to put the taxes upon the luxuries of the
1 country, to shield, as I believe it is the duty
1 of this nation to shield the poor man, as far
as he can be shielded, from the tax-gatherer,
who comes to filch from him a pittance of his
hard earnings.
I rose, Mr. President, to repel the imputa-
tion east by the Senator from Missouri that
those who voted for free tea and free coffee
were urged forward in order that they might
thereby open the way for higher duties upon
commodities produced in the East. It was
! for 110 such purpose, and if I thought there
■ was such a purpose, still I would not be
deterred from performing that duty which 1
believe to be right.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will excuse me.
[ will say that I have no doubt that many per-
sons voted as he did on that subject with the
view he has expressed. I have no question
of that; but the leader in this movement
and the phalanx that followed him are
known to be the advocates of protection pa-
st. The Senator moving the amendment was
the one who dissented from tho Committee on
Finance and came out of it and made this
motion representing Pennsylvania, which is
nothing without protection, in politics I mean.
That fact evinces the truth of the allegation I
make, although there are doubtless many Sen-
ators who voted upon that subject from very
different views. [ know that many of my
most valued friends on this floor voted for the
abolition of the duty on tea and coffee; but
I declined to vote for it because I believed,
and I still believe, that that proposition was
made in the House and in the Senate with a
view of keeping up the taxes on manufac-
tured articles and upon those articles the tax
upon which compels the people of this coun-
try to pay three dollars for every dollar that
goes into the Treasury. I refer to those case-
where the manufacturer of the goods gets infi-
nitely more from the tax than the Government
itself. The tax, of course, that is collected
upon the foreign importation is paid to the
Government; but the enhancement of the
value of the domestic article caused by the
tax, all goes to the manufacturer. Upon this
single article of salt, while the Government
only gets 81,200.000 from i]ie tariff on salt.
