1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
110$
with the utmost exactness and evident solicit-
ude, defined by the Constitution; and hence
any reform which attempts to assign either too
much or too little of these momentous things
pertaining to the executive offices to any one
department is essentially bad ; bad both in the
light of the Constitution itself, bad in the
light of the teachings of its framers, in the
light of the history of all past constitutional
government.
To both illustrate, enforce, and impress bow
true this is in the light of our own Constitu-
tion, take some examples and illustrations
thereof. Take, as a mere example, this one:
if, without an invasion of the spirit and design
of the Constitution, a Senator may nominate
to the President the man whom the President
may nominate for office, then why did the
Constitution declare that the President, alone
shall "nominate?" Again, if a Senator may
not nominate, but may only "advise" the
President what man he shall nominate to the
Senate, then why did the Constitution so
solicitously defiue and declare that neither
the Senator nor the Senate should "advise"
the President as to his "nominations," but
require that both Senator and Senate should
withhold their "advice" as to the "nomina-
tion," but should give its "advice" alone after
the nomination was made, and in deciding
not on the "nomination," but the "appoint-
ment" of the nominee? Even then, in decid-
ing on the appointment after nomination, the
Senate and not' the Senator is permitted to
give advice and consent.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the light of a require-
ment like this, one which both characterizes
and illustrates the very body of the Constitu-
tion, how startling and sad is the fact that
great States and great parties are to-day dis-
turbed and emhiLtered by the fact that one Sen-
ator is alleged to be permitted to make, through
the mouth of the subordinate President,
fewer or more nominations to his own body,
the Senate, for advice and consent, to a nom-
ination made to himself by himself.
The "civil service reform," which will effect-
ually end, and end forever, this one of the
shames of the times, may save the Republic,
but which spares it will in the end certainly
destroy it. Again, another mere illustration
and example: if the members of the House
of Representatives, as such, and in virtue of
a usage too rapidly becoming a law, which
demands that they shall control the appoint-
ment of their "districts," may nominate or
influence the nomination of the oflieers of the
Government, then why has the Consiitution so
thoroughly withheld from them each and all,
even as a " House of Representatives," the
right to participate, not merely in nominating,
but even in giving "advice" and "consent"
to the President as to who shall be appointed
to any oilice, and has limited the right to so
advise and consent carefully to the Senate?
A " civil service reform" that shall end this
control by the representative of the appoint-
ments of his " district," will rescue the Con-
stitution from one of its most threatening dan-
gers. Of course, Mr. Speaker, 1 am not by
this forbidding the President to take informa-
tion as to the fitness of appointments from
any intelligent and virtuous citizen, although
ho may be a member of Congress, but what I
am deprecating and demanding to be reformed
is that bad usage now attaining the strength
of law, by which Senators and members are
expected, and even constrained, to control the
appointments of their States and districts.
This fiatricidal war against the foundation
qualities of the Government was begun thirty
years ago by the Democratic party. The war
took for its motto and put upon banners this:
"To the victors belong the spoilsl" May
Heaven make it so that it shall be one of the
new and crowning achievements of the Repub-
lican party to efface that motto, and efface it
forever. And may there be written over it in
letters of inextinguishable fire, "To the people
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 70.
belong the offices, for free bestowment upon
those most worthy to fill them."
Take still one further illustration: since the
Constitution has given it to Congress to define
the qualifications for office, only restraining it
from prescribing religious tests, and since,
moreover, the Constitution, with great defin-
iteness and detail, prescribes how every offi-
cer of the United States shall be selected, and
since in this detail, it ordains that the House
shall choose none but its own officers, and the
Senate none but its own, and that the Presi-
dent shall nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, appoint
every other officer of the Government, sub-
ject only to this exception, that "the Con
gress may by law vest the appointment of such
inferior officers as they think proper, in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in
the heads of Departments;" therefore, how
can the Congress command either a President,
a court, or a head of a Department, that they
shall not look to the entire body of the people in
deciding which one shall be appointed to office
of all the people who have in fact every qualifi-
cation for the office, which the Congress has
chosen to require by law? How shall the Con-
gress order them, holding such appointing
power, to select one out of a designated three,
whom an agent constituted by Congress, called
a " civil service commission," shall command
the appointing powerto select from ; and to do
this although the fact should stand confessed
that each one of the three named by the agent of
the Congress to the President to be selected from
is less fit for the appointment than be whom the
President would appoint were he not lettered
in his selection by the order of this commission
interposed by Congress between the President
and his constitutional prerogatives ?
Note carefully that 1 am not combating the
right of the President, as a mere instrument
of his own in aiding his selection for office,
to constitute such civil service commission
as he has recently'called to his aid in that be-
half. Against the legal propriety of constitut-
ing that commission 1 have no word to say.
In favor of the prudential propriety of that act
of the President, as a return by his own act
to the just theories of the Constitution, as X
have sought to state them, much ought to be
said. What I do design to say touching this
point is, that Congress can, by the law, inter-
pose between the President and the entire body
of the citizens having all legal qualifications
and eligibility for appointment to office, no
board or commission the instrument of Con-
gress, which, by any device, shall be enabled to
prohibit the President from appointing whom
he may please of this body of citizens to any
office for which he is so legally qualified. If
Congress can thus, through tne agency of its
own instrument, called a " civil service com-
mission," compel the President to select the
officers of the Government from three men
thus nominated to him by this board, a crea-
ture and instrument of Congress, then why
may it not make these nominations by a joint
committee of its two Houses? And if it may
confine him to three out of all the thousands
equally qualified in law, then why may it not
confine him to two, or even one, and thus mus-
ter the President out of the Constitution?
Mr. Speaker, I will not go 011 with this. I
have accomplished the purpose for which I
arose if I have indicated by these suggestions
clearly these five things :
First. How supremely vital is this quality
of our Constitution which apportions its great
powers to coordinate departments.
Second, How completely a just comprehen-
sion and enforcement of these "checks and
balances" or the Constitution covers and defines
the whole field of "civil service reform."
Third. How absolutely vital is the necessity
and the resulting duty of Coma-ess in instantly
bringing back the practices of'the Government
to the designs of the Constitution, and the 1
usages of the first half century of its life. 1
Fourth. How requisite it is that, this last
should be done, so far as it may by the Con-
stitution be, by the requiiements of permanent
law binding 011 all administrations and depart-
ments, and of not leaving these vital tilings to
be tiausacted under a single and wholly inad-
equate and indefinite section of an appropria-
tion bill; and to be done only so long as a
good President may choose to do them, and to
be abandoned when a bad one comes who shall
hold that " to the victors belong the spoils."
Fifth. How equally absolute is our duty not
to push this attempted reform by iaw into
a usurpation of the powers of the Executive as
secured bv the constitution, powers by which,
after the Congress has fixed the qualifications
for-office, the President is permitted to select
from t he entire body of the people having those
qualifications the officers of the Government,
for the wisdom of whose selection the Presi-
dent is wisely made responsible.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to detain the House except for a
moment, and mainly for the purpose of ex-
pressing my profound thanks to the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Suellabar-
ger] for the remarks which he has made
here in support of a genuine civil service
reform. A gentleman who has been so long
in public life ; who has been so long acquaint-
ed by observation with the management of
party machinery ; who is so keen and accurate
an observer, could not fail to bring here wis-
dom gleaned from all this observation, and
could not hesitate to say to us, as he has said,
that wo have departed entirely, not only from
the practice of the fathers of the Republic,
but from the Constitution itself in our methods
of appointment to office.
I agree, I think, with every word the gen-
tleman has said. Certainly I agree with all
that he has said in respect to the necessity
of divorcing the different departments of the
Government from each other, wholly and en-
tirely, in the making of appointments. 1 had
the honor early in the session to introduce a bill
(it did not origina'e with me, to be sure, for it
was mainly copied from a bill pending in the
other branch of Congress during the last Con-
gress) providing for maintaining the inde-
pendence of the several departments of the
Government, and that bill prohibits members
of Congress front soliciting or advising in
respect to the appointment of any person to
any office in the civil service unless his opinion
is invited in writing, and then the reply also is
to be in writing.
I wish, Mr. Speaker, I was able to say that
the committee of which 1 have the honor to
be a member, the select Committee on the
Reorganization of the Civil Service, was pre-
pared to report that bill. I think I am at
liberty to say that the committee is consider-
ing it. Certainly, so f.if as I am concerned, I
can say without revealing the secrets of the
committee that I am very anxious the bill
should be reported to the House. I should
be very glad, sir, if we could go further tuan
that. I will certainly go. as I have no doubt
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siieli,araitgeh]
would, to the utmost verge of our constitu-
tional authority to put the appointments to the
civil service in the hands of those designated
by the Constitution as holding that trust. The
President, the heads of Departments, and the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States are the only agencies known to the
Constitution of the United States in the
appointment of persons to office in the civil
service of the country. Whatever is in effect
a restraint upon the powers given to them by
the Constitution in the selection of persons
to office is undoubtedly an nivasiou ol their
cons itutional prerogative. Whether t ho regu-
lations reported by the civil service commis-
sion, and 'sent to the Hon so with the cordial
indorsement of the President., are so far a re-
striction upon the appointing power as to be
unconstitutional, I am not prepared at this
