1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
amendments; and indeed I think that to save
time I will accept, them both, which will avoid
the necessity of taking separate votes upon
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There having
been as yet no vote upon the resolution or any
amendment to it, the Senator accepts both the
amendments offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take occasion also, in
saying that I will vote for this resolution, to
call the attention of the country—a phrase
frequently employed here—to the fact that
there is no difficulty in getting at an investi-
gation of any fact demanded by any Senator
under the ordinary rules and usages of the
Senate; and according to the practice of the
Senate, the course that is now being pursued
is the one that has always been pursued here-
totore ; and never before, nor now, has there
been a suppression of any investigation that
was desired. What has been the usual course
pursued in this body? First, a committee is
organized. If a standing committee is organ-
ized, it is organized by itself, and in due time,
as occasion arises, it is charged with various
duties and with sufficient power to perform
them. A select committee is organized and
instructed to perform special duties during the
session. It seems, from the readiness with
which these resolutions are introduced and
passed, that wehavebeen wasting two orthree
days in a rather unnecessary debate.
Mr. BAYARD. I beg to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to be added to the resolution :
And whether any of the said offices in the said
custom-house are beingused as instruments of polit-
icat or party patronage.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York accepts this amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to modify it so as
to make it read '' have been or are being used.''
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York accepts the modification. The
question is on agreeing to the resolution as
modified.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 59, nays 0 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Browalov, Buckingham, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Cas?.erly, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, i'enton, Ferry ot Connecticut,
Ferry oi' Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland. Ilaoilin. Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill ot Maine, Morrill ol Vermont. Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman. Spen-
cer, Stewart. Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Ttpton,
Trumbull, Yickyrb, West, and Wilson—59.
NAYS—0.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Cameron, Cole, Cra-
Kin, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Pomeroy. Ramsey,
Sprague, Stevenson, Wmdom, and Wright—12.
So the resolution was adopted.
DEFALCATION Of J. I. HOUGH
Mr. CONKLINGr. I ask the Senate now to
take up the resolution which I had the honor
to submit on the first day of the session, in
refeience to the Hodge defalcation.
The YICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
original Senate resolutions to be offered, the
Senator from New York has a right to move
to take up the resolution named by him, and
it may be taken up by a majority vote.
Mr. SCOTT. That subject having displaced
one of which I have charge, and as it will give
rise to debate, I give notice  
Mr. t ONKLING. This will take but a sin-
gle moment. I have modified the resolution
so as to direct it to the Committee on Retrench-
ment to investigate the matter, thoughl rather
think the Committee on Military Affairs is the
proper one. I am sure there can be no objec-
tion to the resolution.
Mr. SCOTT. I am not rising to object if it
will take no time ; bat I wish to say that that
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 14.
having displaced the resolution of which I have
charge, I cfesire that when it is disposed of that
resolution shall be brought before the Senate
and disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolution proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York will be considered as
before the Senate, subject to objection if it
should give rise to debate. It is before the
Senate, aud will be read.
Mr. CONKLING. I have modified the res-
olution somawhat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the read-
ing of the original resolution be called for the
Secretary will read only the resolution as it has
been modified by the mover.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be in-tructed to inquire into the
recent defalcation of J. L. Hodge, late a paymaster
in the Army, and into the facts connected therewith,
and to ascertain and report to the Senate whether
any other officer or officers of the Government were
derelict-in duty in respect of the observance of regu-
lations and safeguards intended to prevent such
occurrences, and also whether other or further legis-
lation or regulation is needed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to insert an
amendment to embrace also the case of Cal-
lender, bank examiner in New York—a very
proper case for examination.
Mr. CONKLING. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The proposed amendment was read, as fol-
lows :
And that said committee also examine into the
alleged fraud and violation of duty by Charles
Callender, a bank examiner in the city of New
York.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not remember his
first name.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It appears to me
that we may put more on this committee than
they can possibly perform. It is a question in
my mind whether this resolution should not
go to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
merely make the suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution as modified.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to suggest an
^amendment, whether it ought not to be " were
or are derelict."
Mr. CONKLING. I think my honorable
friend will see that it is not so. It is to in-
vestigate into the facts and circumstances con-
nected with that defalcation, and whether any
other officers were derelict in an}' way in re-
gard to it. Of course it could hardly be said
that they are derelict in respect to that now
since it is all revealed. T have no objection to
the modification, however, although it would
not be very grammatical.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from California insist on the amendment
he suggests?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to insist
on anything if the Senator who. proposed the
resolution has any strong objection to it.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. If the Sen-
ator thinks it makes it broader, speaking of a
past transaction, to say "were or are.'" then
I prefer the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I prefer it because there
may be a dereliction going on now in refer-
ence to that very case.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it had better be
changed to ''were or are.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York accepts the modification.
Mr. ANTHONY. "Were, or are. or will
be." [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Doe? the Sen-,
ator from Rhode Island insist on that modi-
fication ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; let it be "were
or are."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as modified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Chair what has become of an amend-
ment, which seems to have been lost sight of,
that I proposed to this resolution when it was
before the Senate on a prior occasion. I have
not heard it reported. The Senate seem to
have forgotten that that proposition was before
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That arose from
the Senator from Illinois not having proposed
it in writing. There appears to be a paper here
on the table reading as follows :
" Mr. Trumbull submitted the following resolu-
tion :
" Resolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be instructed to inquire into the
expenditures of all branches," <fcc.
It is supposed at the desk that the Senator
from Illinois verbally changed it to an amend-
ment, but did not reduce it. to writing in that
form, as the rules contemplate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the Senator from
New York proposed his resolution I did send
to the Chair, according to my recollection, an
amendment which was read, and although it
may have escaped the notice of thfe Senate I
have a distinct recollection that there was some
discussion upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was discusscd
at some length, and the proposition will be
found in Miscellaneous Documents Nos. 9 and
12, haviug been twice printed by the Senate in
different phraseology, and in neither ease as an
amendment to this resolution precisely. How-
ever, the Senator from Illinois is correct in fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not appear to
have been offered as a distinct amendment to
this resolulion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears that
there was an amendment offered by the Sen-
ator, but there does not seem to be anything
accompanying the paper except, as the Chair
has read, that " Mr. Trumbull submitted the
following resolution,'' which is printed. It is,
"Resolved, that the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be instructed to inquire,"
&c., not in the shape of an amendment; but
the Chair will consider it as pending in that
form. The Senator from Illinois did move it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not wish the Sen-
ate to lose sight of it in its present new-bora
zeal for investigation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from New York having now-
been perfected, the question recurs ou the
substitute proposed by the Senator from i'lh
nois, which is to strike cut all after the resolv-
ing clause and to insert what is in print as
Miscellaneous Document No. 12, which will be
read by the Secretary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T do not know but that
the Senate will perhaps understand what that
was without its reading. I was afraid it would
be lost sight of in the new-born zeal that has
been displayed this morning in regard to
investigations. I am so happy to see the
Senator from Ohio and others trying to bring
about investigation tbat I do not know that it is
necessary to press my amendment fuither. and
unless the Senator from linode Isiand should
desire to hear it read I will withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. MORTON. Let
us have it read.
Mv. SHERMAN. Before it, is read 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from Indiana have
demanded the reading of the amendment, and
the Senator from Illinois has not positively
withdrawn it. It will be read first before it is
debated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Can it be withdrawn until it is read,
so thai v/e may know what my friend from
Illinois is withdrawing from the consideration
of this great body? 1 submit that is an im-
portant consideration at this stage of this
momentous business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The latter part
of the tenth rule reads as follows:
"And any motion may be withdrawn by the mover
at any time before a decision, amendment, or ordei-
ijig of the yea- and nays, except a motion to recon-
sider, which shall not be withdrawn without leave of
the Senate."
