1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2897
which the Senate has made some amend-
ment. There is no necessity to refer those
bills.
The SPEAKER. The suggestion is made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] that the House proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table for the purpose of
considering such bills as there is no objection
to, and such as are to be referred only.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
modify my motion in that way. I move to
suspend the rules to go to business on* the
Speaker's table.
Mr. RANDALL. Can I move to amend
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not amendable.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will confine his motion to refer-
ences and to the passage of such bills as there
is 110 objection to, I, for one, should have no
objection to his motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
there is objection to a bill the House will have
it all in their own hands.
Mr. RANDALL. No. they will not.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts ; and there were—
ayes 84, noes 44.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Randall, were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 85, noes 41.
So the motion to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table was agreed to.
TREATY 01? WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER, as the first business on
the Speaker's table, laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of yesterday, I transmit a report, of the
Secretary ot State and copies of the British eounter
ease, and the volumes oi appendices to the British
ease which accompany it.
U. S. SUANT.
Washington, April 26,1872.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me sug-
gest that we ought to make some arrangement
tor the printing of the counter case.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs will undoubtedly
immediately report a resolution for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. He will have
no opportunity unless it be by unanimous eon-
sent of the House.
The SPEAKER. It will have the same
opportunity that exists now.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 suggest
that the report be referred to the Committee
on Punting.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
frame a resolution for that purpose, he can
have it referred to the Committee on Printing.
 KW JERSEY SURFMKN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bili (H. R. No. 501) authorizing the
appropriation for the employment of surfmen
at alternate life-saving stations on the New
Jersey coast for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, to be expended in employing crews
at such stations, and for such periods, and at
such compensation as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem reasonable, not to exceed
forty dollars per month for each person em-
ployed, returned from the Senate with an
amend meut.
The amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
On page 1, line two, after the word "dollars/'
insert "or so much thereof as may be necessary."
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 182.
FANNIE M. JACKSON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2042) for the relief of
Fatmie M. Jackson, of Tennessee, returned
from the Senate with an amendment.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Fatmie M. Jackson, of the State
of Tennessee, the sum of $1,890, in full for
twelve bales of cotton seized by officers of the
Treasury Department and the proceeds cov-
ered into the Treasury of the United States.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out " $1,890," and insert in lieu thereof
" $698 68."'
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I am instructed
by the Committee of Claims to move to non-
concur in that amendment, and ask a commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
G. S. BAKER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the Senate amendment to House bill No.
112, for the relief of G. S. Baker, of Maryville,
Missouri, for the reissue of a certain bond.
The amendment was to strike out the word
"identity" and iuseit the word "indemnity."
The SPEAKER. It is to correct an error
of enrollment.
The amendment was concurred in.
SPECIAL COMMISSIONERS OF CLAIMS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 1149, to authorize the commissioners
of claims to appoint special commissioners to
take testimony, and for other purposes.
The amendments were, in line seven, page
1, strike out "five dollars" and insert "ten
cents per folioin line nineteen, page 1, strike
out all after "them" down to and including
"amount" in line twenty, page 2 ; at the end
of section three insert the following :
But no claim where the amount exceeds $10,fHJ0
shall be examined, decided, and reported by the
commissioners to Congress, except the testimony on
behalt ot the claimant ill such ease shall have been
taken orally before the commissioners, or some one
of them personally, or shall have been taken pre-
vious to the 3d day of March, 1871, to be used in the
Court of Claims or before some Department of the
Government.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that the
amendments of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; ana also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT WILLIAMS, JR.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House bill
No. 1943, for the relief of Robert Williams,
jr., collector of third district of Ohio.
The amendment wa's to add to the bill the
following:
And provided Anther, That such accounting offi-
cers shall be satisfied by competent testimony that
all such stamps weie stolen without any defaulter
negligence 011 the part of said Williams or his
agent.
Mr. BLAII!, of Michigan. I move that the
amendment, of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SETTLERS ON OSAGE LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 873, for the relief of settlers on the
Osage lands, in the State of Kansas.
The amendment was to strike out all after j
line seventeen, page 1, down to and including |!
"Land Office," in line twenty. ||
Mr. LOWE. I move that the amendment ,J
be concurred in.
Mr. DICKEY. What are the words pro-
posed to be stricken out ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the words be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Prior to the 15th of November, 1871, as required
by the instructions of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
Mr. DICKEY. Why are those words
stricken out?
_Mr. STEVENSON. I had charge of this
bill, and I have examined this amendment,
and move that it be concurred in.
Mr. DICKEY. For what reasons?
Mr. STEVENSON. If the Clerk will read
the section as it will stand if the amendment
is concurred in, the gentleman will see the
reason for it.
The Clerk read as follows:
That any actual settler upon these lands who may
have failed to pay for and enter the land settled
upon by him under the act of July 15,1870, shall
have three months from the date of this act in which
to file his declaratory statement, and shall be re-
quired to prove up his claim and pay for the land
beforo tho 1st day of January, 1873, &c.
Mr. STEVENSON. The original bill lim-
ited the benefit of this clause to those who had
settled prior to November 15, 1871. Striking
out those words extends the benefits of this
act.
Mr. DICKEY. Extends them how far?
Mr. STEVENSON. To all who are set-
tlers at the time of the passage of this act.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. LOWE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I'RUEMPTOIiS Of PUBLIC LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 864, to extend the time of payment for
their lands by persons holding preemptions on
the public lands in the State of Minnesota.
The amendments were to strike out " State
of Minnesota" and insert "States of Minne-
sota, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and Territory
of Dakota;" in line four strike out' 'two years,"
and insert "one year;" amend the title so that
it will read :
An act to extend the time of payment for their
lands by persons holding preemptions on the public
lands in tho States of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and
Michigan, and the Territory of Dakota.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the amend-
ments be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DUNNELL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEVELOPMENT OK MINING RESOURCES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Seriate to the bill
(H. 11. No. 1016) to promote the development
of the mining resources of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. The amendment which
comes from the Senate is in the form of a
substitute ; yet the variations fro-o the bill as
passed by the House are very trilling. 1 will
say that the original bill was reported in this
House unanimously from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, and, after an explanation,
was passed without, a division. In the Senate
the Committee on Mines and Mining, and the
Delegates and members of the House from the
mining Territories and States, aided that com-
mittee in perfecting the bill and improving its
machinery. The bill is now enti"ely satisfac-
tory to every Delegate and every member from
the mining States and Territories, as well as
to the Committee on Mines and Mining of this
House. The substitute can be f-ad at length
if it be desired ; yet the amendments are really
merely verbal except as to one or two points,
upon which 1 can make an explanation.
The House bill provided that "any per-
son " might take up a mining claim. The
