3794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
by inserting after the paragraph last read the
following:
For two additional clerks of class one, $2,400.
It will be remembered that when the exec-
utive, legislative, and judicial appropriation
bill wasbeing discussed in the House I tried to
obtain an appropriation for two additional
clerks of class one for the Agricultural De-
partment. I was voted down, or rather the
point of order was made upon me that I had
offered the amendment too late, that that por-
tion, of the bill had been passed. Now the
fact is, and I wish every member in the House
■was as familiar with it'asl am,-that the pres-
ent clerical force in the Agricultural Depart
partment is overworked.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the
point of order on this amendment.
The 'CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
too late, the amendment having been received
and discussioa upoii^t commenced.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There is not a
sufficient clerical force in the Agricultural De-
partment to discharge the duties of that De-
partment, and more especially at this time.
It will be remembered that when the bill first
came before the House there was an ap-
propriation of $40,000 for the purchase of
seeds to be distributed by this Department.
Subsequently that was amended by adding
$10,000 for the purpose of importing and dis-
tributing foreign seeds and plants. Of course
that adds just so much more labor to be per-
formed by the clerical force of this Depart-
ment. I speak of that which I believe to be
absolutely trtie ; they cannot, with their pres-
ent force, properly distribute those seeds in
due time, and more force must be given for
that purpose. 1 ask for but $2,400. It is a
small appropriation for the benefit of a lead-
ing industry of this country, and I trust no one
will object to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. ' This is another
example of being called upon to give more
and more and more every time you give any-
ihibg. We gave $10,000 additional for seeds,
the value of which the gentleman can estimate
perhaps a little better than I can. Now, be-
cause we have given that much more for seeds,
we are importuned to give two additional clerks
to this Department. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to, upon a division—ayes 83,
noes 50.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by adding the following proviso to the para-
graph last read :
Proriderf, That, no part of the money appropriated
by this bill shall be paid for advertising in any
paper published in the city of Washington, except
the matter Advertised is to be donein thoDistrictol'
Columbia or in the Jbtatc of Maryland or Virginia.
Toffer this amendment for the purpose of
calling the attention of the Committee of the
Whole to the subject of advertising, and at the
same time' to an attack upon myself in the
Washington Republican of this date, occupy-
ing two columns. It is the joint production
of two members of the Board of Public Works
of this District, and T suppose the editor of
that paper, who is a brother of one of these
gentlemen, assisted in its preparation. This
paper is an official paper, as appears from the !
four columns of Government advertisements 1
in it, nearly all of which advertisements are
of no earthly account to the Government. I
will show some examples of them. Here is
an advertisement for drayage in San Fran-
cisco ; here is one for fresh meat to be deliv-
ered at Omaha; here is one for supplies at
Sioux City; here is one for fresh meat at the
Government barracks in Louisville; here is
one lor a gate-way for a national cemetery in
Tennessee, and so on through four columns
of solid advertisements in very small type,
amounting to thousands of dollars every
month, which is paid to this paper, which is
made the vehicle of attack upon members
of Congress who denounce corruption •aud
stealing.
In connection with this I desire the Clerk to
read apassage from thesworn testimony of the,
proprietor of that paper before the Committee
forthe District of Columbia.
The Clerk read as follows:
"William J. Murtagh sworn and examined.
" liy Mr. Giieen :
"Question. State your occupation.
" Answer. I am proprietor of the National Repub-
lican.
" Question. Ilave you done any advertising or
printing for the District government since last June?
''Answer. I have.
" Question. Have you been paid for it?
"Answer. For a portion of it.
" Question. Have you a statement of the bills ren-
dered by you for tile work done ?
" Ansicvr. I have here an abstract which contains
everything: I have done for the District government;
that which lias been paid and that which has not
been paid. It is a copy taken by my book-keeper
from the books, and embraces everything whioh has
been done from the beginning of thepresent govern-
ment until the present time, or until December 1,
1871.
" Question. What is the total of the bill ?
"Answer. The total amount is $27,220."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thus it appears that
$'27,220 was paid to that one paper by the
Board of Public Works and the District gov-
ernment between last June and the 1st day of
last December.
Mr. STARKWEATHER rose.
Mr. FARNSWOUTIL I decline to be
interrupted at present.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish to correct
the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I cannot be cor'
rected
Mr. STARKWEATHER. You can be, and
will be hereafter.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The Clerk hasread
from the sworn testimony of Mr. Murtagh, the
proprietor of the Republican 
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will correct
tbe gentleman after he gets through.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well. I say
that upward of twenty-seven thousand dollars
has been paid by the District government for
advertising in that one paper between June
and December oflast year. Is any man sur-
prised that the paper should rush to the rescue
of the Board of Public Works or any member
of it? Is any man surprised that, as an organ
for those two members of the Board of Public
Works whose conduct was discussed here the
day before yesterday, this paper should occupy
two columns in epithets and low abuse upou
myself? In this connection 1 ask the Clerk
to read an extract from the testimony of A.
R. Shepherd, taken before'a committee of
the last Congress, upon thesubject of the price
paid forcopper, which, as he states in the news-
paper, lie sells to the Government for less than
it can buy it anywhere else.
The Clerk read as follows :
" By Mr. Ela :
" Question. In charging these things against the
Government, as I see you do in these vouchers,
do you charge just the same price you would to
private individuals?
"Answer. Oil, no, sir; we charge the net oost
price of the material to us.
" Question. IIow do you go to work to make up
theneteost to you?
"Answer. Why, we keep an account of what
we have to pay for material, and we charge the
Govermcnt the same.
" By the Chairman ;
"Question. But where you are carrying a large
amount of these things, do you charge nothing as
interest on the money invested?
"Answer. Yes, sir; of course. In such cases we
have to charge enough to cover interest on the
outlay."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust this
debate may be brought to a close. If this bill
does not go to the Senate to-night or to-mor-
row morning we shall have to extend the
session.
Mr. STARKWEATHEK. 1 do not wish
to discuss this matter further than to correct
the gentleman Irom Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth.] He has said that the Board of Pub-
lic Works paid the printing bill to which lie
referred. The Committee for the District of
Columbia investigated that subject. All the
members of the committee disapproved of
those extravagant charges, as will be seen by
reference to the majority and minority reports,
butwe found that Mr. Shepherd knew no,more
about those printing bills than did the gentle-
man from Illinois. Mr. Shepherd had noth-
ing to do with them. They were,audited and
paid by the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Shep-
herd condemned, as did"the committee, the
extravagant charges in that regard.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Certainly.
Mr, CREBS. The gentleman has just said
that Mr. Shepherd kuew nothing about those
bills. Will he state what member of the Dis-
trict government did know anything about
them?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will tell you
who knew. The Legislative Assembly audited
and paid those accounts. We say that they
did wrong; that they should have cut them
down; that such extravagance ought not to
have been countenanced. But Mr. Shepherd
knew nothing about those bills, nor did any
other member of the Board of Public Works.
They were not audited or paid by the Board
of Public Works, nor was the advertising
ordered by that board. The gentleman from
Illinois charges upon Mr. Shepherd that for
which the Legislative Assembly is responsible,
as the committee have found. These bills for
adyertising were.three times what they ought
to have been, and they should never have
been paid.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a question of or-
der. I ask that this discussion be confined to
the pending proposition. What has the Board
of Public Works or A. R. Shepherd to do
with the .question before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the Clerk to
go on and get through,with the reading of the
extract which I sent up to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be
printed.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection ?
Mr. DICKEY. There is no objection to
having it printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say a
word further. The remarks of the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather,] that
his committee condemned this extravagance,
does not at all change the facts. The fact
still exists that tbis paper charged in less than
one year for printing for the Board of Ptiblic
Works and the District government over
twenty-seven thousand dollars. It does not
change the fact that that paper now-attempts
to attack a member of Congress for doing his
duty, and is used as the organ of members of
the Board of Public Works. I now ask the
Clerk to read the remainder of the testimony,
part of which be has already read.
The Clerk read as follows:
l' Question. Is that all you include ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. .Nothing for rents, or anything of that
kind ?
" Answer. Oh, yes; we mayput on a little forrents
and the cost of our tools, and some little expenses
of that kind.
" Question. I see that in the case of the Des Moines
court-houseyou charge theGovermnentwith twenty-
four hundred and ninety pounds of copper at forty
cents per pound. I see that the price in Boston and
Philadelphia is thirty cents. By what calculation
did you make the price of that copper up to forty
cents per pound?
"Answer. Copper has greatly depressed in value
since that was bought. That copper cost us in iNe\v
York thirty-seven or thirty-eight cents. I put on
two cents per pound to cover the cost of transporta-
tion and other contingencies; but £ do not believe
it did cover them."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That thesumof $225,75108is hereby appro-
