2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the salt producers do not get less than
$3,000,000 a year from the consumers of salt,
taking advantage of the increased price of the
salt consumed in- this country caused by the
duty. The consumer has to pay $3,000,000
to the producer of salt in this country, when
the Government only collects a tax of $1,200,-
000. I believe, as much as I believe in any-
thing, that the object in pressing the motion
to strike down the tariff on tea and coffee was
to prevent the possibility of taking the tax off
any of the articles manufactured in this coun-
try, and by which the people of this country
are taxed three or four or five times the
amount that is necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. As the honorable Senator
from Mississippi has been interrupted, will he
let me contribute one fact to the honorable
Senator from Missouri ?
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Every time he rises to
state the impression of this thing and the hor-
rible suffering of the people who pay this tax
it becomes more and more enormous, in my
estimation, and therefore I wish to put this
fact on the record in connection with his last
statement, that if you take all the salt pro-
duced and all the salt consumed in this coun-
try and divide it by the whole number of peo-
ple, so that you will include all the salt used
for fertilizing purposes, for pork packing, for
consumption, and for anything else, you will
find that the duty amounts to only six cents
per capita. So the whole possibility of the
occasion involves for overy human being in
the country the sum of only six cents; and,
considering the magnitude of that sum, I men-
tion it as adding, as far as it does add, to this
accumulated weight of agony which the people
of the country are undergoing that moves the
Senator from Missouri so much.
Mr. ALCORN. The sum, 1 know, is very
small, and so was the sum that was paid on tea
and coffee very small. Six cents is to the man
of fortune certainly a very small sum of money;
but to the man who is without the six cents it
stands an insurmountable obstacle. The Sen-
ator from Missouri does not convince me of
the truth of his logic. He does not relieve
himself from the difficulty that he involves
himself in when he comes here to charge that
those who voted to repeal the duty on tea and
coffee were covertly seeking un excuse for
placing higher duties on eastern manufactures.
If that be true, I ask, then, where does he re-
strain himself? Can it not be charged as well
that he who votes to make salt free has some
covert design, from the fact that he is inter-
ested in the manufacture of cotton goods?
The manufacturer of cotton goods, seeing here
the opportunity of making a demand upon
other sources of revenue for $1,000,000, would
seize, according to the Senator's logic, upon
the opportunity of placing that $1,000,000
now received from salt in the way of protec-
tion upon his cotton goods.
I rose, however, not to discuss this question ;
but to repel the imputation to which I have
referred, and to repel another imputation, that
so far as this question is concerned it is dis-
cussed and decided upon party grounds. So
far as fidelity or orthodoxy politically upon
the subject of the tariff is concerned, it is very
much as was answered by Lord Byron when
he was asked the question of the difference
between orthodoxy and heterodoxy: " Ortho-
doxy is my doxy; heterodoxy is your doxy."
And so it is, every man is orthodox according
to the wants of his people on the tariff ques-
tion. The Senator from Pensylvania is for a
tariff upon iron, and the Senator from Mich-
igan, who dwells where salt is raised, would
gee his ghost before he would go for reducing
the duty on salt. The Senator from Louisiana
would undergo terrible castigations before lie
would vote to tax the man who uses quinine.
He is for free quinine. If 1 had my say so in
this tariff bill, I would say that I was for free
ties and free bagging, the article that wraps
the cotton.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will say-to my friend
that I think more of the sugar than I do of the
quinine.
Mr. ALCORN. But I thought when they
came at the honorable Senator with the sugar
he rather shrank from the contest. [Laughter. ]
He thought that there was his weak point, and
I discovered a decided disposition on the part
of the Senator to decline any further debate
upon that subject.
But, Mr. President, I will say no more upon
the subject.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
have heard very little of this discussion, and I
regret that I have not been able to hear more
of it. I rise now only to say a few words.
I do not doubt that the tariff is a benefit to
the manufacturers, but not to them especially,
not more to them than to the agriculturists or
the mechanics, and not as beneficial to them
as to the laborers.
1 deny the assertion often made that the
manufacturers receive as profit a large part of
the amount of duty which you place upon the
articles which they manufacture. It is about
a year and a half since I was in Boston, and in
the counting-room of one of the most exten-
sive cotton manufacturers ; and in making in-
quiry of him respecting the business in which
he was engaged and its prospects, he stated
that they were laboring under a very great dis-
advantage. Why ? Simply because the price
of labor was so high that the coarse cottons
which fie was making he could not produce so
low as they were produced in other countries;
and therefore he failed of securing a market
for them abroad. What did he want as a man-
ufacturer? He wanted the price of labor re-
duced ; and that was the only obstacle in the
way of a pro.":t to him as a manufacturer.
Nor do I believe that the manufacturers as
a whole arc making much money. I know of
one establishment having the center of its
business in the city where I live, and I know
that for the year ending in January, 1870, they
sold a large amount of goods, but made no
money. The question was whether they should
change their policy ; but, they found it very
difficult to do that, and continuing another
year, at the close of that other year, having
sold nearly two million dollars in value, they
had not made a profit of one half of one per
cent. What was the difficulty? The great
difficulty was in the cost of labor, and the
question with them was whether tliey should
reduce the price of labor in their manufactory.
But could they do it? No, sir. Why? Sim-
ply because the tariff which has been adopted
by the American Government as the policy of
this country is such as protects and gives a
high price to labor ; and if they should attempt
to reduce the price of labor in that manufac-
tory there were so many doors open by this
system of protection to labor that all their
laborers would leave them and the manufac-
tory would dry up. Is this system a system
for the benefit of manufacturers ? It is a sys-
tem for the benefit of laborers more than
manufacturers.
The price of labor reaches further and affects
more than any commodity and nearly equals
the value of all. Labor is the capital of every
man of physical or mental ability. Its value
is more extended than capital in any other
form. Protect it and make it as high and as
valuable as possible for this reason; it reaches
further, it benefits, it elevates more. For this
reason, I say protect labor.
This is a question of national importance.
Two things in this country attract the world.
One is the low price of land and the other the
high price of labor; and it is in consequence
of these two facts that this country is an object
of interest to every other partof the world, and
men there who feel that they are oppressed,
oppressed because they cannot get a fair reward
for their labor, look with longing eyes to this
country, and they are invited here and urged
here, drawn here by these two facts.
The price of land will be low for many
years, notwithstanding the fact that some may
have monopolized large quantities ; but it is not
so necessarily with regard to labor. What is
the effect of the high price of labor ? It draws
the laborer from Germany, from England,
from Prance, and every other part of the
world where men are industrious. It dimin-
ishes the quantity of labor there and increases
the ajaount of labor here. Now, who does not
know that demand and supply affect prices?
And if you hold out this invitation, and draw
men from other parts of the world here, you
get a competition here which will reduce the
price of labor. You also, by withdrawing
men from abroad, diminish the quantity of
labor there, and you advance t.he price, so
that by this very system, the American sys-
tem, which has been inaugurated here, you
are bringing the nations of the world more
on a level in regard to this question.
For these reasons, and for many others
which might be named, to which I will not
refer, I hope that we shall in no shape aban-
don the American system of protecting Amer-
ican labor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to place salt on the free list.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, Mr. Casserly, is paired on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Cameron*. The Senator from California
would vote '1 yea'' and the Senator from Penn-
sylvania would vote "nay."
Mr. CALDWELL. I am paired with the
Senator from Minnesota, Mr. Window. He
would vote "yea" and I should vote "nay."
Mr. COOPER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Iowa, Mr.
Wright. If he were present I would vote
" yea" and he would vote " nay."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. My col-
league [Mr. Vicxers] is detained from his
seat by illness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Carpenter,
Edmunds, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Howe,
Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner.
Trumbull, and West—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Clayton. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Fenton, Ferrv of Michigan, Erelinghuyscn, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Face. Scott, Sherman, Sprague, and Stewart—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, Nye. Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stockton,
Xhurtoan, Tipton, Viclsers, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole relative to the
free list.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend that
amendment by adding after the provision as
to books, as arranged alphabetically in the
free list, "Books in the ancient and foreign
languages." I have letters very often from
learned professors in different parts of the
country complaining of the cost of books that
they are constrained to purchase in order to
carry on their studies and to enable them to
teach. This is the case with Greek profess-
ors, professors in all the languages, ancient
and modern. It is also the case with men of
science, who desire works in the continental
languages; they complain bitterly of the
expense to which they are put.
Now, if I can have the attention of the Sen-
ate one moment, these works cannot come in
