210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Arid therefore the Senator from Illinois had
the right to withdraw his amendment without
its being read if he so desired, and he does
withdraw it. The question now recurs on the
resolution and preamble, upon which the Sen-
ator from Ohio claims the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. A word only. I think my
friend from Illinois is not observing his usual
courtesy when he talks about the new-born
zeal of Senators.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Yes, he is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps he is indulging
in his usual courtesy. But, sir, this whole
proceeding places the Senator from Illinois in
a very ridiculous attitude. There was not a
moment from the beginning of the discussion
to this hour when every investigation would
not have been promptly ordered in accordance
with the ordinary usages and rules of this
body. The ease with which these resolutions
of inquiry and instruction, giving powers to the
committee, are passed in this body every day
shows that it could have been done at any
time; but the Senator from Illinois intended
to present this casein such a way that he would
invite a controversy; that is plainly and man-
ifestly the purpose of the whole proceeding;
and now he closes it by alluding to the new-
born zeal of the Senator from Ohio in favor
of investigation! If the Senator will show
when, where, atanytime, in any place. I have
ever been opposed to investigation in this body,
or in any legislative body, then I will give him
the palm, in my judgment, the official con-
duct of every officer of the Government is
constantly open to supervision in accordance
with the usual forms.
Probably if I had alone been consulted about
this matter, when the Senator from Illinois
moved to renew the Retrenchment Committee
again, I should sub silentio, without caring
for it. have allowed the resolution to pasfl ;
but lie 'aw himself that the resolution which
lie introduced ought not to pass, and he him-
self abandoned the resolution on the very first
day of the debate by conceding that a joint
committee ought not to be formed ; and when
it was proposed in place of a joint committee
■ to substitute a standing committee of this body
to be organized in the usual way, he then com-
menced a debate upon technicalities, and that
has been continued for three days.
Now, what was the purpose of all this?
Was it for the purpose of showing that his
fellow Senators here were trying to smother
investigation? If so, it was unjust. Why,
then, this imputation, especially upon me,
that I have any new-born zeal in favor of
investigation, when I never sought to suppress
it? The other night, after a longday's debate,
in which the Senator from Illinois had spoken
five times by the count, when I was somewhat
impatient at the arrival of the warning hour
of five o'clock—an hour when we want to go
home—and I had not participated in the
debate, the Senator for the third time after a
vote had been taken showing the temper and
wish of the Senate, took the floor and con-
tinued the discussion. I then, perhaps wi'li
some excitement, insisted on the enforcement,
of the rule. A moment afterward I regretted
it, simply because I never wish to violate the
most generous courtesy to my associates here;
and I was sorry a iew moments afterward
that I bad prevented the Senator from even
making his fourth speech, or fifth speech, or
sixth speech, or that we did not forego the
usual dinner, and'just wait until the matter
exhausted itself. But, Mr. President, yield-
ing to the ordinary feeling of the moment, I
claimed the floor, as I had a right to do accord-
ing to the rules of the Senate, and said what
I thought proper to jay on that occasion. Now,
if the Senator from Illinois still harbors that m
his heart. I hope he will dismiss it, because I
say to him that I sincerely regret that I did
anything which appeared discourteous to him,
although I did nothing more at the time than
I thought was right, and I was very impatient
at the prolonged and extraordinary debate
thrust upon us, as I thought, by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, after the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio it is neces-
sary that I shiould say a word. The Senator
seems to suppose that I was pursuing an ex-
traordinary course. Why, Mr. President, I
have time and again stated to the Senate and
it seems so many times that it was unpleasant
to the Senator from Ohio—that the resolution
which I originally offered was simply to revive
the committee that we had for several years,
and to which he made no objection when we
I did have it. The Senator is slightly mistaken
as to my ever having said that I preferred to h
give up the joint select committee and to take I
a committee of the Senate. I acquiesced in it i
because others thought a committee of the |
Senate would answer the purpose. I was j
willing to acquiesce and accede to any prop- i
osition that did not prevent carrying out the |
object which I had in view ; but my proposition
was certainly the ordinary one, and the Senator
does not distinctly remember, perhaps, what
he himself said in speaking with regard to the
power to send for persons and papers. He
used very strong language to show that that
was a very dangerous power. I think he went
so far as to comment upon it as being danger-
ous to the rights of the citizen, and he took
decided ground against such a proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me. I said that a power unlimited in its char-
acter, to extend session after session, was a
dangerous power; bur I said at the same time
that a resolution conferring this authority on
a committee for a session, in a proper case,
was one rarely and I believe never denied.
That was the posi'ion I took in the beginning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator was aware
that we had given this power to a committee
for several years that continued during the
Congress, and none of our committees would
continue longer than that. I do not wish to
renew the controversy with the Senator from
Ohio. I am very glad indeed that the efforts
which have been made have succeeded in bring-':
ji ing the Senate to that position where resolu-
tions for investigation into the abuses of the
Government pass almost unanimously.
There is one other remark I ought to make.
Tne Senator is slightly mistaken about my
having spoken four times on the occasion to
which he alluded. I examined the Globeafter-
ward myself: my recollection was not distinct
at the moment; but I found that I had spoken
but onee on the question which was then pend-
ing before the Senate, except that when another
person was speaking I had interrupted him by
his permission and said a few words. Other-
wise, I had had the floor but once when the
Senator called me to order. But it is no mat-
ter now about that. The Senator from Ohio
has stated very frankly and courteously his
regret that, under the excitement of the mo-
ment. he should have insisted upon enforcing
jj the rule upon me at that time: and. of course,
i I accept his statement in all kindness, and
ji hope I have never retained any feeling in
II regard to the matter, which at the moment
i' produced some excitement, perhaps, on the
J; part of both of us. I am very happy, on my
!j part, to say that I entertain no unkind feelings
]: whatever toward the Senator from Ohio, and
i! shall endeavor to treat him, and all other
jl members of the body, on all occasions, as
;i courteously as I know how to do.
r . The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is |
I on agreeing to the preamble and resolution as ;
modified.
The preamble and resolution were agreed to.
;j CIVIL SKRVICE,
A message was received from the President of
' the United States by Mr. Porter, his Secretary.
Mr. SUMNER obtained the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Se«-
!; ator suspend for a moment until the Chair i
lays before the Senate a message from the
President of the United States?
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate and Iloute of UepreHentativts :
In accordance witli the act of Congress approvod
March 3,1871, I convened a commi.~Mon of eminent
gentlemen to devise rules and regulation* tor the
purpose of reforming the civil service. Xnc-ir labors
are now completed, and X transmit herewith their
report together with the rules which they rwim-
mendfor my action. These ruleshave been adopted
and will go into effect on the lit day of January,
1872. Under the law referred to, ah I interpret it,
the authority is already invested in the Executive
to enforce these regulations, with full power to
abridge, alter, or amend them at his option, when
changes may be deemed advisable. 'lhe.-e views,
together with the report of the counni*>iunerp,
are submitted for your careful com-ideration as to
whether further legislation may be neeej5ary m
order to carry out an effective and beneficial ci,-il
service reform. If left to me without further con-
gressional action the rules prescribed by the com-
mission under the reservation already mentioned
will befaithfully executed; but they arcnot binding
without further legislation upon my '-uccessors.
Being desirous of bringing this subject to the
attention of Congress before the approaching recess,
I have not time to sufficiently examine the accom-
panying report to enable mo to suggest definite legis-
lative action to insure the support, which may be
necessary in order to give a thorough trial to a policy
long needed.
I ask for all the strength which Congress can give
me to enable me to carry out the reforms in the
civil service recommended by the cominiSMou, and
adopted to take effect, as before stated, on January
1,1872. The law which provides for the eonveuin? a
commission to devise rules and regulations for re-
forming the civil service authorizes, X think, the
permanent organization of a primars board, under
whose general direction all examinations of appli-
cants for public office shall be conducted. There is
no appropriation to continue ^uch a board beyond
the termination of its present labors. I therefore
recommend that a proper appropriation be made to
continue the services ot the present b >ard for another
year: and in view of the fact that three members of
the board hold positions in the public service, which
precludes them from receiving extra compensation
under existing laws, that they be authorized to le-
ceivc a faircompensation for extra services rendered
by them in the performance of this duty.
U. S. ORAM'.
Executive Mansion, December 19,1871.
Mr. CONKLING. I movethatthe message
and accompanying documents be printed and
laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before they are laid on
the table 
Mr. CONKLING. In that connection I would
like to suggest that the resolution adopted
some time ago, which became somewhat en-
cumbered by amendments on separate bits of
paper, be printed, as it will be more convenient
for the committee.
There being no objection, the printing was
ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The V1CEPRESIDENT. TheSenator from
New York moves that this message be laid ou
the table, and printed. Does he withdraw the
motion, as the Senator from Illinois appears
desirous to speak?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
undebatable.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
cept the Senator from Illinois if he desires to
speak, and 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object in rising was
merely to inquire how voluminous the accom-
panying document is? If it is not voluminous
I should like very much to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would con-
sume an hour or more in reading it; it is twelve
pages of print, and also the opinion of the
Attornev General in print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope, then, it will be
laid on the table and nriuted, so tha(,wc may
examine it, I am very much gratified myself
at the communication from the President, and
am very anxious to see action.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say that I hail that
communication of the President with joy.
The motion to print and lay on the table was
agreed to.
Mr. FRKLINGHUYSEN. I move that ten
thousand extra copies.be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
