2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
/
Senate has struck out the words "any per-
son" and substituted "any citizen of the
United States or person who haa declared his
intention to become such." We are satisfied
with that modification. Another amendment
of the Senate reduces the length to which a
quartz claim may extend from three thousand
to fifteen hundred feet. We assent also to this.
We are satisfied that a quartz lode of fifteen
hundred feet will be perhaps as much as any
company can profitably work.
There is also in the Senate substitute a pro-
vision that placer claims upon surveyed lands
shall conform wherever possible to the legal
subdivisions. We believe this provision will
operate well enough, and do not object to it.
Another provision put on by the Senate, and
I believe the last one of any materiality, is
that where by the segregation of a mining
claim in a section of forty acres there shall
be left twenty or thirty acres of merely agri-
cultural land, that land may be entered under
the homestead or preemption laws by any per-
son authorized to do so.
These are all the substantial variations of
the Senate substitute from the House bill, and
I ask that the amendment be concurred in.
Mr. ELDREDGrE. I call for the reading
of the substitute.
The substitute was read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That all valuable mineral deposits in lands be-
longing to the United States, both surveyed and
unsurveyed, are hereby declared to be free and
open to exploration and purchase, and the lands in
which they are found to occupation and purchase,
by citizens ot the United States and those who have
deolared their intention to become such, under reg-
ulations prescribed by law, and according to the
looal customs or rules of miners, in the several
mining districts, so far as the same are applicable
and not inconsistent with the laws of the United
States.
Sec. 2. That mining claims upon veins or lodes of
quartz or other rock in place bearing gold, silver,
cinnabar. lead, tin. copper, or other valuable de-
posits, heretofore located, shall be governed as to
length along the vein or lode by the customs, reg-
ulations, and laws in force at the date of their loca-
tion. A mining claim located after the passage of
this act, whether located by one or more persons,
may equal, but shall not exceed, fifteen hundred
leet in length along the vein or lode ; but no loca-
tion of a mining v-laim shall be made until the
discovery ot the vein or lode within the limits of
the claim located. No claim shall extend more
than three hundred feet on each side of the middle of
the vein at the surfice, nor shall any claim be lim-
ited by any mining -ngulation to less than twenty-
hve feet on each side of the middle of the vein at
the surl.iee, except where adverse rights existing
at the passage ot this act shall render such limita-
tion necessary. The end lines of each claim shall
be parallel to each other.
Sec. 3. That the locators of all mining locations
heretofore made, or which shall hereafter be made,
on any mineral vein, lode, or ledge, situated on the
public domain, their heirs and assigns, where no
adverso claim exists at the passage of this act, so
long as they comply with the laws of the United
©fates, and with State, territorial, and local regula-
tions not in conflict with said laws of the United
Mates governing their possessory title, shall have
the exclusive right of possession and enjoyment of
all the surface included within the linos of their
locations, and of all veins, lodes,and ledges through-
out their entire depth, the topor apexof which lies
inside of such surface lines extended downward ver-
tically. although such veins, lodes, or ledges may
so far depart from a perpendicular in their course
downward as to extend outside the vertical side
lines of said surface locations : Provided, Thattheir
right of possession to such outside parts of said veins
or ledges shall be confined to such portions thereof
us he between vertical planes drawn downward as
aforesaid, through the end lines of their locations,
so continued in their own direction that such planes
will intersect such exterior parts of said veins or
ledges: And provided Jurther, That nothing in this
section shall authorize the locator or possessor of a
vein or lode which extends in its downward course
beyond the vertical lines of his claim to enter i
upon the surface of a claim owned or possessed by 1
another. j
> Sec. 4. That where a tunnel is run for the develop- I
• merit of a vein or lode or for the discovery of mines,
the owners of such tunnel shall have the right of ij
possession of all veins or lodes within three thou- '<
sand loot from the face of such tunnel on the line !
thereof, not previously known to exist, discovered !.
in such tunnel, to the same extent as if discovered !i
from the surface; and locations on the line of such !:
tunnel of veins or lodes not appearing on thesur- •
lace, made by other parties after the commence- !:
ment ot the tunnel, and while the same is being 1
prosccuted with reasonable diligence, shall be in- i
valid; but failure to prosecute the work on the !
iunnel for six months shall be considered as an ii
abandonment of the right to all undiscovered veins
on the line of said tunnel.
Sec. 5. That the miners of each mining district
may make rules and regulations not in conflict with
the laws of the United States, or with the laws of
the State or Territory in which the district is situ-
ated, governing the location, manner of recording,
amount of work necessary to hold possession of a
mining claim,subjectto thefollowingrequirements:
the location must be distinctly marked on the
ground so that its boundaries can be readily traced.
All records of mining claims hereafter made shall
contain the name or names of the locators, the date
of the location, and such a description of the claim
or claims located by reference to some natural ob-
ject or permanent monument as will identify the
claim. On each claim located after the passage of
this act, and until a patent shall have been issued
therefor, not less than one hundred dollars' worth
of labor shall be performed or improvements made
during each year. On all claims located prior to the
passage of this act ten dollars' worth of labor shall
be performed or improvements made for each one
hundred feet in length along the vein until a patent
shall have been issued therefor; but where such
claims are held in common such expenditure may be
made upon any one claim; and upon a failure to
comply with these conditions, the claim or mine
upon which such failure occurred shall be open to
relocation in the same manner as if no location of
the same had ever been made: Provided, That the
original locators, their heirs, assigns, or legal repre-
sentatives, have not resumed work upon the claim
after such failure and before such location. Upon
the failure of any one of several coowners to con-
tribute his proportion of the expenditures required
by this act, the coowners who have performed the
labor or made the improvements may, at the expir-
ation of the year, give such delinquent coowner
personal notice in writing, or notice by publication
in the newspaper published nearest the claim, for at
least once a week for ninety days, and if at the ex-
piration of ninety days after such notice in writing
or by publication, such delinquent should fail or
refuse to contribute his proportion to comply with
tliis act, his interest in the claim shall become the
property of hiseoowners who have made the required
expenditure.
Sec. 6. That a patent for any land claimed and
located for valuable deposits may be obtained in the
following manner: any person, association, or cor-
poration authorized to locate a claim under this act,
having claimed and located a piece of land for such
purposes, who has. or have, complied with the terms
of this act, may file in the proper land office an
application for a patent, under oath, showing such
compliance, together with a plat and field-notes of
the claim or claims in common, made by or under
the direction of the United States surveyor general,
showing accurately the boundaries of the claim or
claims, which shall be distinctly marked by monu-
ments on the ground, and shall post a copy of such
plat, together with a notice of such application for
a patent, in a conspicuous place on the land em-
braced in such plat previous to the filing of the
application for a patent, and shall file an affidavit
of at least two persons that such notice has been
duly posted as aforesaid, and shall file a copy of said
notice in such land office, and shall thereupon be
entitled to a patent for said land, in the manner
following: the register of the land office, upon the
filing of such application, plat, field-notes, notices,
and affidavits, shall publish a notice that such
application has been made, for the period of sixty
days, in a newspaper to be by him designated as
published nearest to said claim; and he shall also
post such notice in his office for the same period.
The claimant at the time of filing this application,
or at any time thereafter, within the sixty days of
publication, shall file with the register a certificate
of the United States surveyor general that $500 worth
of labor has been expended or improvements made
upon the claim by himself or grantors; that the plat
is correct, with such further description by such
reference to natural objects or permanent monu-
ments as shall identify the claim, and furnish an :
accurate description, to be incorporated in the pat-
ent. At the expiration of the sixty days of publica- !
tion the claimant shall file his affidavit, showing
that, the plat and notice have been posted in a con-
spicuous place on the claim during said period of
publication. If no adverse claim shall have been ,
filed with the register and the receiver of the proper
land office at the expiration of the sixty days of
! publication, it shall be assumed that the applicant
is entitled to the patent, upon the payment to the
proper officer of five dollars per acre, and that no :
adverse claim exists; and thereafter no objection
! *r0|u third, parties to the issuance of a patent shall !
i £e.,he,ard. except it be shown that the applicant has
; failed to comply with this act.
I Sec. 7. That where an adverse claim shall be filed
j during the period ol publication, it shall be upon
1 °l ,, l. person or persons making the same, and .
j snail show the nature, boundaries, and extent of
i such adverse claim, and all proceedings, except the
; Publication ol notice and making and filing of the
i amdavit thereof shall be stayed until the contro-
: versy shall have been settled or decided by a court !
ot competent jurisdiction, or the adverse claim i
; waived. It shall be the duty of the adverse claim- I
i ant, within thirty days after filing his claim, to coin-
; mence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdic-
tion, to determine the question of the right of pos-
session, and prosecute the same with reasonable
diligence to final judgment; and a failure so to do
shun be a waiver of his adverse claim. After such
judgment shall have been rendered, the party enti-
tled to the possession of the claim, or any portion
thereof, may, without giving further notice, file a
certified copy of the judgment-roll with the register
of the land office, together with the cei tificate of the
surveyor general that the requisite amount of labor
has been expended, or improvements made thereon,
and the description required in other cases, and shall
pay to the receiver five dollars per acre for his claim,
together with the proper fees, whereupon the whole
proceedings and the judgment-roil shall be certified
by the register to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and a patent shall issue thereon for the
claim, or such portion thereof the applicant shall
appear, from the decision of the court, to rightfully
possess. If it shall appear from the decision ot the *
court that several parties are entitled to separate
and different portions of tho claim, each party may
pay for his portion of the claim, with the proper
fees, and file the certificate and description by the
surveyorgener.il, whereupon the register shali cer-
tify the proceedings and judgment-roll to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, as in the pre-
ceding case, and patents shall issue to the several
parties according to their respective rights. Proof
of citizenship under this act, or the acts of July 26,
1866, and July 9, 1870, in the ease of an indi vidual,
may consist of his own affidavit thereof, and m case
ot an association of persons unincorporated, of the
affidavit of their authorized agent, made on his own
knowledge or upon information and belief, and in
case of a corporation organized under the laws of
the United States, or of any State or Territory of the
United States, by the filing of a certified copy of
their charter or certificate of incorporation; and
nottiing herein contained shall be construed to pre-
vent the alienation of the title oouveyed by a patent
for a mining claim to any person whatever.
Sec. 8. That the description of vein or lode claims,
upon surveyed lands, shall designate the location of
the claim with reference to the lines of the public
surveys, but need not conform therewith: but where
a patent shall beissued as aforesaid for claims upon
i unsurveyed lands, the surveyor general, in extend-
I ing the surveys, shall adjust the same to the bound-
j aries of such patented claim, according to the plat
or description thereof, but so as in no case to inter-
fere with or changethe location of any such patented
claim.
s bec. 9. That sections one, two, three, four, and six
of an act entitled *' An act granting the right of way
to ditch and canal owners over the public lauds,
and for other purposes," approved July 26, 186(\ are
hereby repealed, but such repeal shall not affect
existing rights. Applications for patents for mining
claims now pending may be prosecuted to a final
decision in the General Land Office; but in such
cases where adverse rights are not affected thereby,
patents may issue in pursuance of the provision5? of
this act; and all patents for miuing claims hereto-
fore issued under the act of July 26,1806, shall con-
vey all the rights and privileges conferred by this
act where no adverse rights exist at the time of the
passage of this act.
Sec. 10. That the act entitled "An act to amend
an act granting the right ot way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for o'her pur-
poses," approved July 9, 1870, shall be and remain
in full force, excepr as to the proceedings to obtain
a patent, which shall be similar to the proceeduj^s
prescribed by sections six and seven of this act for
( obtaining patents to vein or lode claims; but where
I said placer claims shall be upon surveyed lands, and
conform to legal subdivisions, no futher survey or
pl at shall he required. And all placer mining claims
: hereafter located shall conform as near as practica-
j ble with the United States system of public land
| surveys and the rectangular subdivisions of such
j surveys, and no such location shull include more
i than twenty acres for each individual claimant;
j but where placer claims cannot be conformed to
; legal subdivisions survey and plat shall be made as on
; unsurveyed lands; Provded, That pioceedings now
! pending may be prosecuted to their final dctermin-
' atiou under existing laws; but the provisions ot this
I act, when not in conflict with existing laws, shall
: apply to such cases: Provided alto. That where by
I the segregation of mineral lands in any legal sub-
| division a quantity of agricultural land less than
, forty acres remains, said fractional portion of agri-
( cultural land may be entered by any party quali-
fied by law for homestead or preemption purposes.
oec. 11. That where the same person, association,
or corporation is in possession of a placer claim, any
i fuS0 a'„vein 9.r included within the boundaries
, thereof, application shall be made for a patent for
j the placer claim with the statement that it includes
: such vein or lode, and m such case (subject to the
1 provisions of this act and the act entitled "An act
; to amend an act granting  he light of way to ditch
1 and canal owners over the public lands, and for
• other purposes," approved July 9, 1870; a patent
suall issue lor the placer claim, including such vein
or iode, upon tho payment of five dollars per acre
for such vein or lode claim, and twenty-five feet of
surface on eaca side thereof. The remainder cf the
placer claim, or any placer claim not embracing
or lode elaim' shal1 *>e paid for at the rate
of $1 dO per acre, together wit.h all costs of proceed-
ings; and where a vein or lode, such as is described
m the second section of this act, is known to exist
within the boundaries of a placer claim, an appli-
cation for a patent for such placer claim which does
n,ot delude an llpp'lcation for the vein or lode claim
shall be construed as a conclusive declaration that
the claimant of the placer claim has no right of pos-
session of the vein or lode claim; but where the
existence of a vein or lode in a placer claim is not
Known, a patent for the placer claim shall convey
all valuable mineral and other deposits within the
boundaries thereof.
