1872.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2899
Sec. 12. That the surveyor generol of the United
crates may appoint in each land district containing
mineral lands as many competent surveyors as shall
apply for appointment to survey mining claims.
The expenses of the survey of vein or lode claims,
and the survey and subdivision of placer claims into
smallerquantitiesthan one hundred andsixty acres,
together wi'h the eo?t of publication of notices,
shall be paid by the applicant?, and they shall be at
liberty to obtain the ?ame at the most reasonable
rates and they shall also be at liberty to employ any
United States deputy surveyor to make the purvey.
The Cominissidtocr of the General Land Office shall
also have power to establish the maximum charges
for surveys and publication of notices under this
act; and, in case of excessive charges for publica-
tion, he may designate any newspaper published in
aland district where iuine s are situated for the pub-
lication of mining notices in such district, and fix
the rates to be charged by such paper; and, to the
end that the Commissioner may be fully informed on
the subject, each applicant shall file with the legis-
tera sworn star emeu t of all charges and fees paid by
said applicant for publication and surveys, together
with ail fees and money paid the register and the
receiver of the land office, which statement shall bo
transmitted, with the other papers in the case, to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. The fees
of the register and the receiver shall be five dollars
each for filing and acting upon each application for
patent or adverse claim filed, and they shall be
allowed the amount fixed by law for reducing testi-
mony to writing, when done in the land office, such
lees and allowances to be paid by the respective
parties; and no other fees shall be charged by them
insuchcases. Nothing in this actshall beconstrued
to enlarge or affect tae rights of either party in
regard to any property in controversy at the time
of the passage of this act, or of the act entitled
"An act gianting the rightof way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 26,1866, nor shall this act affect
any right acquired under said act; and nothing in
this actshall be construed to repeal, impair, or in
any way affect the provisions of the act entitled
"An act granting to A. Sutro the right of way and
' other privileges to aid in the construction of a drain-
ing and exploring tunnel to the Comstock lode, in
the State of Nevada," approved July 25,1866.
Sec. 13. That all affidavits required to be made
under this act, or the act of which it is amendatory,
may be verified before any officer authorized to ad-
minister oaths within the land district where the
claims may be situated, and all testimony and
proofs may be taken befoie any such officer, and
when duly certified by the officer taking the same,
shall have the same force and effect as if taken
before the register and the receiver of the land
office. In cases of contest as to the mineral or
agricultural character of land, the testimony and
proofs may be taken as herein provided on per-
sonal notice of at least ten davs to the opposing
party; or if said party cannot be found, then by
publication of at least once a week for thirty days
in a newspaper, to be designated by the register of
the land office as published nearest to the location
of such land ; and the register shall require proef
that such notice has been given.
Sec. 14. That wh-. ire two or more veins intersect
or cross each other, priority of title shall govern,
and such prior location shall be entitled to all ore
or mineral contained within the sp?ce of intersec-
tion: Provldni, however, That the subsequent loca-
tion shall have the right of way through said space
of intersection for the purposes of the convenient
woikingof the said mine: And provided also, That
where two or more veins unite, the oldest or prior
location shall take the vein below the point of
uHj°u  including all the space of intersection.
Sec. lo. That where non-miueral land not contig-
uous to the vein or lode is used or occupied by the
proprietor of such vein or lode for mining or milling
puiposes, snch non-adjacent surface ground may be
embraced and included in an application for a pat-
ent tor such vein or lode, and the same may be pat-
entee! therewith, subject to the same preliminary
requirements as to survey and notice as are applica-
ble under this act to veins; or lodes: Provided, That
no location hereafter made of such non-adjacent
land shall exceed five acres, and payment for the
same must be made at the same rate as fixed by this
aco tor the superficies of the lode. The owner of a
quartz-mill or reduction-works, not owning a mine
in connection therewith, may also receive a patent
l0£his mill-site, as provided inthis section.
sec. lb. That all acts and parts of acts inconsist-
ent herewith are hereby repealed : Provided, That
nottnng contained in this act shall be construed to
impair, m anyway, rights or interests in mining
woperty acquired under existing laws.
iVlr. SARGENT. The substitute having
flow been read, I call for a vote on its adop-
tion.
Abe amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate amendment was con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
-1 ue latter motion was agreed to.
perpetuation of testimony.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the Senate amendment to the bill (H. R.
No. 286) to perpetuate testimony in the courts
of .the United States.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows;
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert the following:
That hereafter all depositions taken de bene esse,
to be used in any civil cause depending in any coui t,
in any district court of the United States for tho
causes and before the officers mentioned in section
thirtv of the act to establish the judicial courts of
the United States, approved September 24, 1789,
shall be taken upon reasonable notice, to be given
in writing by the party or his attorney proposing to
take such deposition, to the opposite partv or his
attorney of record, which notice shall stale the
name of the witness and the time and place of the
taking of his deposition. And in all cases m rem,
the person having the agency or possession of the
property at the time of seizure shail be deemed the
adverse party until a claim shall have been put in.
And whenever, by reason of absence from the dis-
trict and want of an attorney of record, or other
reason, the giving of the notice herein required
shall be impracticable, it shall be lawful to take
such depositions as there shall be urgent necessity
for taking, upon such notice as any judge author-
ized to hold courts in such circuit or districc shall
think reasonable and direct. But this act shall not
be construed to affect the power of any such court
to cause testimony to be taken under commission,
according to the course of die common law, to be
used therein.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, this bill came
from the Committee on the Revision of the
Laws, They have examined this substitute,
and recommend that the House concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
JAMBfc A. BELL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
•was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. It. No. 2036) for the relief of James A.
Bell.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate. as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and in lieu thereof insert the following:
Tnat the Secretary ot the Treasury be, and he is,
authorized and directed to issue to James A. Bell
registered stock of the several loans and classes
specified below in lieu of five-twenty United States
six per cent, coupon bonds as follows, to wit: No.
80199, five-twenties of 1862. fourth series, issued
under act of February 25,1862, for $1,000; No. 151606,
consols of 1865, issued under act of March 3, 1S65,
for Sl.UuO; No. 70709, consols of 1S65. is;-ued under
act of Mu.x*cb 3,1865, for $500: Nos. 174731 and 174732,
each for $1,000 consols of 1867, issued under act of
March 3, 1365; No. 95415 consols of 1867, issued
under act of March 3, 1865. fo<* £500; Nos. 202274,
2v2275, and 225337, consols of 1867, issued under act,
of March 3. 1865, for $100 each ; No. 112311, con«ols
of 1887, issued under act of Maich 3,1865, for fifty
dollars, upon proof satisiactnry lo the Secretary
of the Treasury of tbe destruction of the originals,
and upon said James A. Bell giving bond, with
sufficient surety, to indemnify tho United Stages
against any loss resulting therefrom.
Mr. MERRIAM. That bill was passed
unanimously by the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is meant in this
hill by consols? Where in the statutes is it
provided for? 1 think this amendment of the
Senate ought to be referred.
Mr. DICKEY. Let it be referred to the
Committee of Claims, with power to report
at any time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill and
Senate amendment be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and amendment was
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The iatter motion was agreed to.
direct taxe& ix ixsurrtictioxary fetat
The next business on tbe Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to an act (H. R. No.
106) for the relief of purchasers of lands for
direct taxes in the insurrectionary States.
The Clerk read the Senate amendments, as
follows:
Page 1, line twenty-one, strike out after "any,"
in said line, down to and including "jurisdiction,"
in line one, page 2. and insert " United States court.
Page 2, lino eight, strike out " court of competent
jurisdiction," and insert '* United States court; so
it will read:
Sec. 2. That in all cases where the owner or any
land sold foi taxes as aforesaid, his hoirs or assigns.
shall recover the same from the purchaser, his heirs
jj or assigns, without collusion on his or their part, by
I1 the judgment of any United States court, by reason
11 of a failure, without his or their fault or neglect, of
i: the title of the purchaser derived from said sale,
j; the Secretary of the Treasury, on the payment into
; the Treasury, by tbe clerk, of the money deposited
!| with him as aforesaid, and on being satisfied that
I any purchaser, his heirs or assigns, without his or
!■, their collusion, has been evicted from or turned out
II of possession of any such land by the judgment of
j! any United States court in the manner before men-
} tioned. is hereby authorized, outof any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to repay
jt to the person or peisons entitled thereto a sum of
j money equal to that originally paid by the pur-
' chaser of the land so recovered, if the same has
j! been paid into the Treasury.
ji The amendments of the Senate were con-
j! curred in.
H Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
I vote by which the amendments were con-
| curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
j reconsider be laid on the table.
| The larter motion was agreed to.
i elizabeth harding.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an amendment of the Senate to an act
(H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension to Eliza-
beth Harding.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the 1st day of January, 1870," and in-
sert "passage of this act;" so it will read;
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place upon the
pension-roil, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Elizabeth
Harding, mother of Jasper H. Harding, late a pri-
vate in company A, seventy-sixth regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, to take effect from the passage
of this act.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
ME&SAGfc I'ROM THE SKNATK.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed without
amendment a bill (H. R. No. 10&) for the
relief of George C. Haynie.
The irtf-ssage further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 548) for the
relief of Tnomas Hughes; in which tbe con
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had adopted the concurrent resolution
or the House recommitting the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1060j making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment lor the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes.
jonathan trumbull and rogkr sherman.
The SPEAKER. The following concurrent
resolutions of the Senate are the next busi-
ness in order on the Speaker's table.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Revolved bij 'he Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That the thanks of Congress are
presented to the Governor, and through him to the
people of the State of Connecticut, for the statues
of Jonathan Trumbull and Roger Sherman, whose
names arc so honorably identified with our revo-
lutionary history.
Resolved, Thar these works of art are accepted m
the name of the nation, and assigned a place in the
old Hall of tho House of Representatives, already set
aside by act of Congress for statues of eminent citi-
zens, and that a copy of this resolution, signed by the
President of the Senate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives, be transmitted to the Governor
of Connecticut.
ii The SPEAKER. The question is on con-
currence.
. Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker,
in accordance with the invitation of Congress
Ij to the State of Connecticut to furnioh btatues
j of two of her citizens '' who have been illus-
i trious for their historic i enown or for distin-
guished civil or military services,'' it has be-
come the duty of my colleagues of the two
Houses of Congress and myself to pres';iit to
the nation, in the name of the General Assem-
bly and the people of the State of Connecticut,
the marble statues of Jonathan Trumbull and
of Roger Sherman.
