212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
issue for the arrest of W. L. Saunders, of
North Carolina.
The question being put, there were, on a '
division—aje3 23, noes 16.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have no objection
to proceeding to the consideration of that reso-
lution, but I wish to call up Honse bill No. 380,
for the removal of political disabilities. I
have waited patiently for over a week, and J
hope the Senate will now proceed to the con-
sideration of that bill. That is ray reason for
antagonizing that bill against the resolution of
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina, who has charge of this
bill, that he move to make it the special order
for to morrow at one o'clock, and let us take
hold of it then with a clear understanding that
we will di«po?e of it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well. I move
that the bill be made the special order for
to-morrow at, one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina asks unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 380J for the removal
of legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States be made the special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock. The Chair must remind
the Senator and thp Senate that the unfinished
business, if there should be any, would have
priority then of the special order, but of course
it could be postponed when the time arrived.
Is there objection to the bill being made the
special order for that time? The Chair hears
no objection, and that oider will be made.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
Mr. SCOTT. I now renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, upon which the Senator from Mis-
souri demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw the call.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Whereas the two Houses of Congress did. by their
concurrent resolution, passed ou the 7tft day of
April, 1871, authorize and direct the aopomtment
of a joint select committee for the performance of
certain duties, in said concurrent resolution speci-
fied, the said joint select committee to be composed
of members of the said two Houses; that is to say,
of seven members of the Senate and fourteen mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, which said
joint select committee was duly appointed as by said
concurrent resolution provided; and whereas, in the
discharge and performance of the duties so enjoined
upon them, the saia jo.nt select committee, on the
31st cloy of August, 1871, by subpena duly issued
and served, did summon and command a certain
"W. L. Saunders, of Chapel Uiil. Norfh Carolina, to
appear before said joint select committee and testify
touching the matters and thinsrs waich the said joint
select committee were authorized and required by
the concurrent resolution of the two Houses of Con-
gress to examine and inQuire into: and whereas said
W. L. Saunders did, on the 23d day of Scptemoer.
1871.appear before a sub-committee duly authorized
by said joint select committee of the two Houses of
Congress to tak" the testimony ot Witnesses, then
present and awaiting examination, and having so
appeared - nd submitted to be examined as a wit-
ness, did refuse to answer proper inquiries put to
him m the course of the investigation by baid sub-
committee, iherebv showing himseh jp. contempt of
the Senate of theUnit^d States, well as the House
of Representatives: Therefore,
Rttolvd by the Sv//"te of 'he United ''the
House of Representative* concurring,; Xlir-t W. L.
Saunders, of Chapel Hill, and Suite ot North Caro-
lina, a witness heretotore dulv summoned before a
joint select committee of the two Houses of Con-
gress having been lawfully required to testify before
a sub-committee, duly authorized by said joint
select committee to take his test'mony, and having,
m the course of the investigation, refused to answer
proper inquiries put to him by the chairman of said
joint committee, be forthwith arrested by the S-~r-
geant-at-Arm^of the Senate, and brought before the
Senate, at >t* bar, by the order of the Senate duly
issued by the Vice President, under his hand and
the seal of the Senate; and that said Saunders be
detained, by virtue thereof, by the hergeant-at-
Armsof the Senate until he answer for hiscontcmpt
of the order of the Senate in the matter aforesaid,
and abide such further order as may be made in the
premises.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. When this reso-
lution was last under consideration the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds] moved to amend
it by striking out the words '' the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring," so as to change its
terms from a concurrent resolution to a Senate
resolution, and the question is on that amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT. I have heretofore stated the
views the committee entertain on _tliis ques-
tion, and do not desire to take up time in any
further debate on the subject, but ask for the
passage of the resolution as it came from the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that I
have any objection to the resolution being
changed in that way, because it may be
changed back. I suppose, if it is found not
to be right after the amendment is made, or
it can be laid on the table; but I, for one, am
not now prepared to adopt the view of the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds] as I
understand it, and treat this as a contempt of
the Senate, from which it follows that it must
equally be a contempt of the House, and
demands that it be punished by the Senate in
its discretion and the House in its discretion ;
in other words, twice punished. I want some
time to reflect upon it before I vote for such
a proposition as that. This whole debate took
place while I was out of the city, and I had
not the benefit of it. I am not prepared to
vote on it now, I have not my own mind
made up as to whether the Senator is right
or whether my colleague is right, that there
can be no punishment at all. I think this
amendment had better not be adopted without
being discussed, unless the Senate is satisfied
that the view presented by the Senator from
Vermont is a correct, one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
lj on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
ii mont, changing this resolution from a concur-
j! rent to a Senate resolution.
!l The amendment was rejected.
jj The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
j: recurs on agreeing to it as a concurrent reso-
lution.
■ i The resolution was adopted.
: Mr. SCOTT. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution attached to
the report in the case of Clayton Camp and
■ ' David Gist, of South Carolina.
; The motion was agreed to : and the Senate
' proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion :
"Whereas the two Houses of Congress did, by their
concurrentresolutionspassedonthe/thdayof April, ■
1871, authorize and direct the appointment of a joint !
select committee for the performance of certain i
duties in s tid concurrent resolution specified; the !
said joint selectcommittee to becomposed of mem- !
bersof the said two Houses, that is to say, of seven i
members of the Senate and fourteem members of :
the House of Representatives, which said joint j
select committee was duly appointed, as by said con- i
current resolution provided; ;iiul whereas, in the \
discharge and performance of thodutiesso enjoined ■
upon them, the said joint select committee did a p- i
point a sub-committee of their own number to take ,
testimony in the State of South Carolina, which said j
sub-committee, on thel4r,h day of July, 1&71, by sub- 1
pena duly issued and served, did summon and com- '
mand certain Clayton Camp, of Spartanburg i
county. South Carolina, to appear before said sub- ,
committee: and on t,ho 18th d:)y ot July, 1ST!, by ■
like subpena duly issued and served, did summon I
and command a ceriain David Gist, of Union county, ;
South Carolina, to appear before said snb-comiuif.- !
tee, e.icnot said witnesses so summoned to testify j
before the tuid sub-coaimKtee touching the matters 1
and things which the .said joint select committee .
were authorized and required by the concurrent re1-,- !
olution of the two Houses of Congress to examine
and inquire into ; and whereas, the said Clayton !
Camp and the s tid David Gist having been so sum-
moned and commanded, did fail and reftiseto appear j
before the said sub-committee, thereby showing ;
thcuwjlve-: m contempt of the Senate of the United i
States, as well as of the House of Representatives; |
Therefore, ;
lletohed hy the Senate of t\e United States, (the !
House of Representative- concurring,) Tnat the j
. President of the Seuato is-uc hissevcrai warrants, di- ;
| reeti-d to the Serjeant-at-Arms of the Senate, com- !
j, mundiug him to take into his custody the bodies of
II the said Clayton Camp and David Gist, respectively, I
wherevertobe found, and to havothe 'sine forth-
with before the bar of the Senate, to answer as for a
contempt of the authority of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I will state brieflv, so that the
Senate may understand this resolution, that it
differs in its merits from the other only in the
fact that these witnesses are attached tor con-
tempt in not obeying the summons, while the
other case was against a man for contempt in
not answering questions aU r he had obeyed
the subpena. 1 do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate in anv discussion upon the
subject, unless some quest ions aie inatic upon it.
Mr. BLAIR. I will state that in the case
of David Gist there are affidavits, or there
ought to be. with the papers ilt the case, which
I should like to have read, showing why Mr.
Gist did not obey the summons of the sub-
committee in South Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor desire them to be reported by the Secre-
tary now?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir; I desire those affi-
davits to be read to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Are they ia the
report?
Mr. BLAIR. If they are not they ought
to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They do not
appear to be in the report.
Mr. SCOTT. No; they are notin the printed
report. I will state the position of that ques-
tion, as the Senator from Missouri calls for it.
This witness was subpenaed to appear before
the sub-committee in the city of Columbia,
South Carolina, upon the day following that
upon which he was subpenaed. The sub com-
mittee sat in the city of Columbia for, I be-
lieve, two days after that time, aud sat also in
the town of Yorkville for four days after that
time, the town of Yorkviile being within
twenty-eight or thirty miles of the place at
which Mr. Gist lives. The testimony of the
assistant sergeant-at arms, who served the
subpena upon him, is in the printed exhibit
accompanying the report, and shows that the
subpena was served upon this witness late in
the evening: that he was in that town the next
morning, andinformed him that he would not
obey the summons. He never sent any excuse
to the committee while it was sitting at Colum-
bia; he never sent any excuse to the commit-
tee while it was sitting at Yorkville. If he
had, it would have been considered; and if
that excuse had been considered sufficient, of
course no application would have been made
for an attachment. I think it improper that
the excuse of a witness who is in contempt
shonld be heard now by the hotly which is
seeking to bring him before it for contempt.
It will be time enough when he comes here to
hpar his excuse for disobeting that subpena.
I have in my possession the affidavit to which
the Senator from Missouri refers, and I maj
state that when this subject was brought before
the whole committee the affidavit itself was
considered by the committee, and a discussion
had upon the question of whether it ought to
be treated as an excuse, and notwithstanding
the affidavit, llie report and the resolution were
directed to lie brought into the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I will state that the affidavit
of Mr. Gist represents that at the time he
received this summons to attend the commit-
tee his wife was very ill. and lie could not
leave her or absent himself at such'a distance
from his home. There is also an affidavit of
the attending physician to the same effect. I
think the. Senator from Pennsylvania is mis-
taken in his statement that the deputy ser-
geant-at-arms received such an answer from
Mr. Gist.
Mr. SCOTT. That will be settled by read-
ing the testimony of the assistant serjeant-at-
arms, which is in the report. 1 ask that it be
re.'d !"f the information of the Senator from
| Missouri, if he doubts my s,iat<-ment.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 do not see why the report
should embrace the testimony of the deputy
