3796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
learning and the arts as the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations inform us if
this 115,000 will complete this work?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will. An
estimate has been made by the supervising
architect of the Capitol extension, and the
work is placed under his supervision, and the
cost is limited to this amount.
Mr. POTTER. Does the limit apply to the
completion of the work or to the experiment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. To the com-
pletion of the work.
. Mr. POTTER. One question more. lias
this invention fqr which $15,000 is to be ap-
propriated ever been put in practical working
anywhere ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In models, yes.
A model of it was brought into the committee-
room, and every gentleman who witnessed its
working, I believe, became a convert to its
feasibility. \V« may be wrong, and we stand
the risk of being laughed at if it be a failure.
Mr. POTTER. Is the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield} convinced that it will he
a practical success ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am. I am
not much versed in the mechanic arts, but. I
think it will be a success.
Mr. SARGENT. That is the impression of
every member of the Committee ou Appro-
priatipns.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am further
instructed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to offer the following amendment:
To cnablo-the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
contractors for carrying the mail for services ren-
dered prior to July 1, 18139, §13,416.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I hope there will be some
explanation of this amendment. This seems
to be a claim against the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will explain
the amendment. Several members of the
House have forwarded to the Committee on
Appropriations letters from the Department
in regard to small sums of money due, but
which could not be paid because all old appro-
priations had lapsed. Among others, the
gentleman Irom Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.dredge]
forwarded one for a small amount. The com-
mittee thought it better to send all these let-
ters to the Pof-master General and ask him to
report how much money would be needed to
cover that classof unpaid claims. The follow-
ing letter from the Postmaster General will
show upon what the amendment was based.
The letter was as follows:
Post Ofkiok Department,
Washington, 1>. (J., May 11,1872.
Sir: In answer to your inquiry of the 1st instant,
you are informed that aroforeiice to the books of the
Auditor of the Treasury for this Department shows
that, there is due from the United States to contract-
ors for carrying tho mail, for service tendered prior
to July !, 1869, the sum of $13 416 66, which under the
restrictions contained in the fifth, sixth, and soventh
sections of the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation act of July 12. 1870. cannot bo paid
without a previous appropriation by Congress. This
sum does not include amounts due, apparently, for
services previous to tho rebellion.
The letter of the Auditor to Mr. Eldrkdge, dated
February 8,1872, is herewith returned, as requested.
Kespecttully, your obedient servant,
JOHN A. J. CRESWELL,
Postmaster Genera!.
Hon. J. F. Fauns worth, Chairman Committee on the
Post Ojfcce and Post lloads. House of Represent-
atives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not wish
to take members by surprise in any matter,
and 1 will call attention to an amendment I
desire to offer, but which I suppose can be
ruled out on a point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Dempaey & O'Tuole as indemnity tor losses sus-
tained by them by annulment of their contract with
the Post Office Department lor furnishing liewspa per
wrappers and stamped envelopes, the sum of §29,-
433 8lJ is hereby appropriated.
Mr. COX. I make the point of order on
this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Gentlemen have,
asked me to make a statement.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Reserving our right
to make the point of order on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot per-
mit an amendment to be debated and then
ruled out on a point of order. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] has raised a point
of order on this amendment, and the Chair
lias sustained the point of order.
Mr. COX. I think we are now "running
emptyings," and that we had better quit.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iam instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
the following amendment:
To pay Edward It. Ferguson his salary as super-
vising inspector of steamboats from March 3, 1871;
to May 22,1871,4428 57.
I will call attention to the following letter
from the Treasury Department on this subject:
Treasury Dkp artment.
May 22, 1872.
Sir: Daring the recess of the Senate preceding
tho session of December, 1870, Edward K. Ferguson
was appointed supervising inspector of steamboats.
His appointment, by constitutional limitation, ex-
piied March 4,1871. In the mean timehe was nom-
inated to tho Senate, but that body did not actupon
the appointment.
The steamboat act of February 28,1871, continued
inspectors then in office until new appointments
were made, and it was believed that Mr. Ferguson
was also eontinuod with other supervising inspect-
or, but the accounting officers decide that the ap-
pointment ceased with the 3dofMarCh. and wasnot
continued by the steamboat act. Mr. Ferguson
continued to discharge the duties of the office until
May 22, 1871, and is fairly entitled to the compensa-
tion attached to it. Tho sum due him is $428 57,
and I recommend that provision bo made for its
payment.
1 am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. J. A. Garfield,
Chairman House Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the committee rise and report this bill
with amendments to the House.
Mr. COX. That is a comfort, any way.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
the committee rises to report this bill I desire
to offer the following amendment to prevent
an act of injustice :
For uupaid mail-carriers and contractors in the
South and botween the South and the North justly
due and not capable of being paid because of lapse
of appropriations, $10,000,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iliad forgotten
an amendment whieh I was authorized by the
Committee on Appropriations to report. I
will offer it as a substitute for the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] unless he will accept it in lieu of his
own.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the sum of $250,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay un-
settled claims against the Government of the United
States onaecount of services rendered in carrying
the mails in the States lately in rebellion previous
to the 31st ot May, A. D. 18bl: Provided, That
before any payment shall be rnado under this act
proof of loyalty shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of the act of March 2. 1867, and satis-
factory evidence shall be furnished that no compen-
sation has been received from any source for such
services.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise a point of order
on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the substitute
by striking out the proviso. We have amnesty
now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to make a word of explanation. I am in-
formed that there are a few small amounts due
mail carriers and contractors in the South. I
do not know whether they were loyal or dis-
loyal. It is for work done prior to the war,
which wouid have been paid before this time
if the Postmaster Geneial could have paid it
from appropriations which have been covered
into the Treasury. The amounts in these cases
are small, from $100 and upward; perhaps
none as high as $1,000. I had heard of a
number of these cases, and finding that noth-
ing was done, I have offered this amendment,
which I think is just and right. It is for but
a small sum. If, then, it should appear that
there are more of these claims, the claimants
will report themselves when they find that there
is a prospect of their being paid ; and at the
next session we can make an additional appro-
priation.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking
out the following proviso of the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield:]
Provided, That before any payment shall be made
under this act proof of loyalty shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of tbe act of March
2.1867, and satisfactory evidence shall bo furnished
that no compensation has been received from any
source for such service.
I beg to say, in reference to' this hateful
proviso, that it ill becomes the other side of
the House, after their boasted action of yes-
terday in regard to amnesty, to throw this
question of loyalty or disloyalty upon the
House, especially when it concerns a matter
of claim—fair, just, equitable claim.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
put nothing of that kind in my amendment.
Mr. COX. I am not speaking of the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
I speak of the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman from New York will not waste time
in discussing 
Mr. COX. I propose to occupy my own
time as I please. I have the same right to
speak as the gentleman from Ohio, who spoke
in my time awhile ago.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to say that I have no objection
to this amendment.
Mr. COX. No, sir; I do not yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If I cannot
have the ear of the gentleman for a plain, kind
word, then I have no terms to make with him.
Mr. COX. I want to say a "plain, kind
word" to the gentlemen on the other side of
the House. For seven long years we have
worked here to bring about if possible a kindly
feeling toward the people of the South. We
have labored for amnesty; we have sought
to create a better feeling; we have endeavored
to pass bills and resolutions having that end
in view. From some political complication
we had yesterday all at once a general bill on
this subject. It was rushed up to the Presi-
dent, contrary to the provisions of the Con-
stitution ; and it was rushed down here—on
horseback, I suppose—with the signature of
the President. Thus the Republican party
flatter themselves that they can go to the South
exclaiming, " We are the men that gave you
grace and amnesty."
Mr. DAWES. Do you not feel bad about it?
Mr. COX. No, sir; anything that is in
accordance with a spirit of Christian grace I
feel happy about, even if it coines from the
"father of the House" [Mr. Dawes] himself.
Mr. DAWES. Let us shake hands over it.
Mr. COX. I will come over there directly
and shake hands with, the gentleman. I un-
derstand now that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mn Garfield] is willing to withdraw this
proviso. That is very well; but I ask why do
gentlemen on_ the other side go out to the
country claiming that they are the special
authors of measures of kindness and charity
toward the South? I say to this House now,
as I said yesterday, that amnesty coming now
from gentlemen on the other side is a "death-
bed repentance." They come in at the elev-
enth hour. They want now to make some
show of kindness toward the South, when their
political life is in jeopardy, when they are in
articuio mortis. The gentleman from Ohio,
however, keeping up his old hate, his old
spite, attaches to the end of this proposition.
