1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3797
which does not amount to much, his small,
miserable proviso that men shall swear again
to their loyalty before their little equitable
claims shall be paid. I am glad the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
shown a kinder and better spirit than the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I have during the past two years endeavored
in this House to soften so far as I could all
asperities between parties or sections in this
country and between members of this House.
Now, acting under the orders of my com-
mittee, I go so far as to propose an appropria-
tion for $250,000 to pay claims that have been
shut out from payment for the last twelve
years. In drawing this provision I sought to
put it in such a form that it might not be ruled
out of order; and I call gentlemen of the
committee to witness that it was drawn before
the amnesty bill was passed. I drew it when
it was necessary to put that clause in to make
it conform to the law. I have myself voted
for amnesty every time the question has come
before the House ; but now, when in spite of
this proposition for the payment of $250,000,
and my expressed willingness to modify it,
the gentleman from New York assails myself
and my political friends as truculent and un-
kind, I withdraw the amendment altogether.
Mr. HAYS. I object to the withdrawal of
the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will move another
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Two amendments are
already pending, and no further amendment
is in order.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from
Ohio yields to me the rest of his time, and I
wish to call attention to the language of the
amendment. Am I in order?
The CHAIRMAN. No one is in order,
and the Chair will recognize nobody until
order is restored.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield what-
ever time I have left out of my five minutes
to the gentleman from California.
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments now pending on which debate is ex-
hausted.
Mr. SARGENT. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio had not expired, and heyieided
to me the portion that was left. Because the
House was in such confusion at the time does
riot cut me out of my right.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How much time is
that?
The CHAIRMAN. Two minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I will make this sugges-
tion to tlie committee and to my colleague:
that these words may be well stricken out in
view of the legislation since this was drawn
and authorized by the committee, while the
other portion of the proviso should stand. I
refer to these words: "proof of loyalty shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of
the act of March 7, 1807," and every gentle-
man will agree, I think, that those words
ought to go out, because this Congress, with
an overwhelming Republican majority in the
Senate and with a very large Republican
majority in this House, have decreed there
shall be amnesty. As the Republican party
will be held responsible and liable to blame
for whatever was wrongly done, so the Repub-
lican party in this Congress should be entitled
to credit when it carries out that which is
admitted to be right and proper.
But these words should be retained in the
paragraph : that" satisfactory evidence shall be
presented that no compensation was made
from any other source for such services."
Those words ought to be retained, because
the fact was brought out before our committee
that some of these contractors carried oil
their service afterward at the suggestion of
the confederate government, and were paid
some of these amounts. If the confederate
government paid them, then we ought not to
pay them over again ; and if this Government
paid them we should not pay them over again.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment,
provided the gentleman from Illinois will
renew it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am obliged to the
gentleman, and will renew it for the purpose
of saying a few words.
Mr. Chairman, this is not a question of
loyalty, but a question of debt. If we owed a
man in the spring of 1801, before the war
began in 1861, and we have not paid him, we
owe it to him now. If he never got his pay
he should have it, and the question of loyalty
has nothing to do with it. And when we have
passed an amnesty bill as strong as we have,
I cannot see what reason there can be for urg-
ing it. We require, in the cases of pensions
which are being paid out from month to month
and which extend into the future, that the
persons drawing pensions shall be loyal.
This is a question of debt, and there is no
necessity for requiring proof of loyalty. If a
man held a bond of the United States at a
certain date, the Government is not going to
lepudiate that bond because the man went
into the rebellion, unless we should pass a
confiscation law and confiscate it. That has
not, been done.
The suggestion of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia is a good one ; and this section should
be so guarded as to prevent the same man from
being paid.twice for the same service. In
many cases the confederate government took
our organization of the postal system and went
right along without making any change, em-
ploying the same postmasters and the same
mail carriers, and the balances of money on
hand in the South were paid out to the con-
tractors for carrying the mails in many in-
stances. If we are not careful, therefore, we
will find that the money due the Post Office
Department has been paid out to these par-
ties. We cannot recover much of that money
now, because the postmasters who paid it out
are worthless. But if we are not careful we
will find we will be paying these contractors a
second time. The section should be guarded
carefully. That is not to be done by requir-
ing loyalty in a money transaction. All we
have to do is to pursue such a course as will
protect the Government. That is'alllhave
to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 rise to
oppose the amendment,. I desire t,o meet one
or two objections which may occur to the
minds of some gentlemen in connection with
this matter. The sum 1 have stated is a very
small one. What I desired was to inaugurate
this principle: that where we owed a just debt
for a just service, it should be paid, North or
South, irrespective of loyalty; because there
is no more reason why we should confiscate a
debt than why we should confiscate a man's
land. If we are going to take property, let us
take it all. If we are not going to take prop-
erty, let us not take any. That is the propo-
sition on which I went.
Now, my amendment is guarded by the
insertion of the words "what is justly due."
And that meets another point. Many of these
postmasters have balances in their hands;
and they have got to settle their accounts
before they can come in for what is due.
Whether they are men of property or not men
of property, they can claim only for a balance.
Then, again, if they paid the contractor in good
faith before for services rendered before the
rebellion, they have done nothing but pay a
just debt of the United States, and they can-
not be called upon to pay twice if they have
paid it once. That ought, to be allowed them.
Mr. MAYNARD. How about payments
made by the confederate government?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
believe there were so very many of those pay-
ments by the confederate government,. The
confederate government did not pay any old
debts of the United States. But they took up
the work from the point where it was laid
down, and carried it down from that date.
1 hope the amendment of the committee
will be voted down, for that pays $'250,000
before any account is taken. I propose to
establish the principle. Let the Postmaster
General audit the accounts, dnd then they
will be paid.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is'first on
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] to strike Out so much of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] as relates to the question of'am-
nesty.
The question being taken, Mr. Cox's amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question was next on the substitute of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, as amended, for the
amendment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
The question being taken, the substitute
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, as amended, was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Botler, of Massachusetts, as amended.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to sub-
mit an amendment which I hope will meet the
approval of the House. There is a joint reso-
lution which has been repealed so far as the
action of the House is concerned, but which
has not yet been acted upon by the Senate,
which prohibits payment unless loyalty is
proven. I propose now in accordance with
the judgment of the House to add to the
amendment a proviso dispensing with proofs
of loyalty.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is not
necessary.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Botler, of Massachusetts, as
amended, it was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise and report the bill with
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the committee, pursu-
ant to order, had had under consideration the
bill (H. B. No. 2705) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, and had directed him to
report the same with sundry amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. PERCE. Will the gentleman yield to
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the settlement of judgments by the Court of
Claims, or the Supreme Court of the United States,
hereafter to be rendered for captured or abandoned
cotton, or any settlement for cotton seized subse-
quent to June 30,1865, the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby directed to pay such judgments on the
amounts as ascertained upon such settlements in
full, without deduction on account of the internal
revenue tax upon cotton.
Mr. PERCE. This makes no appropria-
tion of money at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If unanimous
consent is given I will not object. 1 now
move the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will indicate
on what amendments they desire separate
votes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire a sep-
arate vote on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, which requires all public
works under the Treasury Department to be
done by contract, proposing a return to the
old contract system.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall call the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I think the gentleman bad
better let the bill go over until to-morrow.
