1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
stantially the same conclusions that we arrived
at. But the cry for a free breakfast, the desire
by the protected interests to preserve their
protective duties, the desire of other gentle-
men, especially my Democratic friends, to
have free tea and coffee, has led to the result
which we see. The Democrats proclaim them-
selves to be in favor of a revenue tariff, and
yet they repeal the only revenue duties we have.
I do not desire, however, to enter into a party
contest with them. This is a question we all
understand.
Mr. SCOTT. Before the Senator takes his
seat, T wish to have an unintentional misrepre-
sentation corrected. The Senator in referring
to the reporting of the bill of the Committee
on Finance said itwas reported by my sanc-
tion. I trust he did not intend to put me in
the position of saying that I, as a member of
the Committee 011 Finance, ever consented to
that section which reduced the duties ten per
cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I vouch to all the world
at large, Pennsylvania particularly, that my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania has re-
sisted from the beginning to the end any reduc-
tion of any duty that affects the interests of the
people of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator
from Ohio made some reference to this side
of the Chamber, to the Democratic party, as
if for some party reason they had voted to
strike off the lax on tea and coffee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator
from Delaware was not here the other day
when that vote was taken. There were but
three Democratic Senators who voted for a
revenue duty on tea and coffee; five voted
to place them on the free list, and seven
were absent. Of all the Democratic Senators
only three voted for a revenue tariff duty on
tea and coffee. I know that if my honorable
friend from Delaware had been present he
would have voted for the duty on tea and
coffee undoubtedly.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President-
Mr. CAMERON. In justice to the Senator
from Delaware, I want to say a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to hear the
Senator from Delaware first; then I will give
way to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BAYARD. I am very glad to hear it
said that the proposition to put tea and coffee
on the free list is understood to be in opposi-
tion to the revenue theory of the tariff. It is
well to have that fact clearly stated. I am glad
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
has stated it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not so understand
the fact.
Mr. BAYARD. I am glad the chairman
of the Committee on Finance has stated that
the putting of tea and coffee on the free list
was understood to be moved directly in the
interest of those who arc known nsthe high
protectionists of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon ; I did not
'uay that. I stated that I had 110 doubt some
gentlemen here voted to put tea and coffee on
the free list so that the other duties on pro-
tected articles should not be disturbed. It is
also true that certain gentlemen who have
been devoting themselves to a revenue tariff,
and proclaiming their desire to pull down the
duties on the protected articles, have voted for
the very measure that prevents it. How they
can reconcile that with their theory I do not
know. I will now give way to my friend from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I lose only to say that
previous to that vote the Senator from Dela-
ware was about going home, and I agreed to
pair off with him on that question. I voted,
having forgotten at the moment that I had
made that pair: but the moment I remem-
bered it, I rose in my place aud stated that
the Senator from Delaware, if ho had been
here, would have voted against the amend-
ment and I would have voted in favor of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already occupied
the floor longer than I intended, and I hope
we shall have a vote. I do not intend to say
anything more. I should like to get the tariff
bill disposed of this evening.
Mr. STEWART. As I see a large number
of Senators watching with intent desire to
make a speech, and since the speech of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance they
have been generally stirred up, and as I am
pretty free from having made motions to ad-
journ, never having made a motion to adjourn
but once as long as I have been here, I will
repeat that experiment, but I will not do it
again if it fails this time. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twenty-four.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cameron,
Chandler, Cooper. Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds,lYelinghuvsen, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Kelly, Logan, Nor-
wood, Patterson. Itiee, Schurz. Scott, Spencer,
Spraguc, Stevenson, Stewart, Trumbull, and Wil-
son—26.
NAYS—Messrs'. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Fen ton. Ferry of Michigan,_ Gilbert, Har-
lan, Howe. Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Sherman, and
West—22.
ABSENT—Mesirx. Brownlow, Casserly, Clayton,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Nye, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Stockton. Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, Windom, and AYright—2n.
So the motion was agreed to : and the Senate
(at five o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 27, 1872.
The Housemet at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
OIvDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HAYS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution for reference.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the regular order.
Mr. IiELLEY. I rise to offer a privileged
report.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the Chair must enforce it. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
is recognized to make a privileged report.
CONGRESSIONAL DEBATES.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 rise to submit the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
to provide for the reporting and printing of the
debates in Congress. I will state that after
full and free conference, the managers on the
part of the Senate accept the House amend-
ments, with an amendment restricting the
amount of advertising to be done- It was
found that the advertising provided for by the
House amendment would cost from thirty-five
to fifty thousand dollars, and that the work
could be done satisfactorily in a manner much
more economical. I send the report to the
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Xlouses on the amendment to the
bill(S.No.681) to provide for the reporting and print-
ing of the debates in Congress, having met, after lull
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House, amended as follows: # .
Strike out said, amendment, and insert m lieu
thereof the following:
Sec. 3. That no person shall be employed as a
reporter for the House without tho approval of the
Speaker of the House: Provided, That it shall bo
the dutv of the joint Committee on Public Printing
to publish and advertise onceaweek, for four weeks,
in one newspaper in each of the cities of vv ashing-
ton, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Chicago, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, and San Francisco, in-
viting proposals in detail for reporting and printing,
together and separately, tho debates of the Forty-
Third,Forty-Fourth, and the Forty-Fifth Congresses,
together or separately; and to report all proposals
which may be received before the designated day to
Congress at the earliest practicable date, with esti-
mates hereby directed to be made by the Congres-
sional Printer of tho cost of reporting the debates
and of printing them at the Government Printing
Office, accompanied by the recommendations of tho
joint Committee on Public Printing on all proposals
and estimates so submitted; and that the bills for
such advertising be paid in equal parts from the
contingent funds of the Senato and of the House of
Representatives: And provided further. That no
debates shall bo reported and published at public
expense, after tho close of the present Congress,
except upon written contracts entered into thore-
for under the authority of Congress.
AT. D. KELLEY, •
JOHN BEATTY,
AT. E. ARTHUR,
Managers 011 the part of the House.
II. B. ANTHONY,
H. HAMLIN,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the /Senate.
The question was on agreeing to the report.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.] Does the proposition in the third
section contemplate that the reporting for
Congress shall be done in pursuance of pro-
posals offered in response to advertisement?
Mr. KELLEY. Beyond the requirements
of the House provision on that subject, pro-
vision is made for accepting proposals either
for the publishing or the reporting, or both
conjointly, and for receiving proposals for the
reporting and publishing for one Congress, for
two Congresses, or three—separate proposals
in each case; so that the Government may
have the largest measure of economy consist-
ent with honest bids. Have I answered the
gentleman?
Mr. MAYNARD. I would further inquire
of the gentleman, is it understood that tho
proposals called out by the several advertise-
ments shall be separate, for the information
of Congress, or as the basis of the contract for
reporting?
Mr. KELLEY. The advertisement is to be
for proposals, which proposals are to be sub-
mitted to the two Houses, and it will be for
them to decide in regard to the basis of
contract.
The report of tho committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMERCIAL ItELATiaSS.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, the annual report of the Treasury
Department on commercial relations was or-
dered to be printed for the use of the House.
J01IN SONDERS.
On motion of Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania,
by unanimous consent, the Comnr'ttee on In-
valid Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the papers in the pse of John
Sonders; and the same were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
EXCUSED MOM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. VOORHEI3S. I desire to makea state-
ment of a personal character. As the House
was apprised, on the 11th of this month the
Speaker, without any knowledge on my part,
did me the honor to place me on the select
committee appointed to investigate certain
charges made 111 the newspapers relative to
the Secretary of theNavy. Since that time
I have received a notice that will require my
presence in my State in a few days. Ihe
circuit court of my county is iu session this
week, and there are several important cases
in that court in which 1 am counsel, I expect,
therefore, to have to go West iu a few days
in the discharge of professional duties, and
