1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2901
of John Adams, made while at New Haven
on the 27f h of August, 1774. Mr. Adams says:
"This morning Koger Sherman, esq., one of the
delegates from Connecticut, came to see us at the
tavern of Isaac Beers. He is between fifty and sixty,
a solid, sensible man. He said he read Mr. Otis's
Bights, &c., in J701, a.nd thought he had conceded
away the rights of America. He thought the re-
verse of the declaratory act was true, namely, that
the Parliament of Great Britain had authority to
make laws for America in no case whatever."
Thus it will be seen that Mr. Sherman main-
tained advanced ground, and was perhaps
more influential in placing the issues between
the colonies and the Crown on a correct basis
than any of the great men of tha^ time. He
was chosen and was present at the opening of
the colonial Congress, and was selected by
ballot with Adams, Jefferson, Livingston, and
Franklin to draft the Declaration of Independ-
ence. During all the sessions of the Conti-
nental Congress he was associated with the
great men of that time, and he was the peer
of the ablest. He was constant in his attend-
ance, and unremitting in his labors, assuming
his full share in its responsibilities. He ren-
dered most important service on committees.
He was a member of the Board of War and
Ordnance, and of the Treasury, and of the
Marine. In all his intercourse with his asso-
ciates he seems invariably to have impressed
upon them his own opinions. This was done
not by declamation, but by an appeal to their
reason and judgment. No one was more
capable of passing a correct judgment on his
character than John Adams, and he speaks of
him as possessed of "the clearest head and
the steadiest heart."
In the "Federal Convention particularly he
held a conspicuous position, and we probably
Owe a greater debt of gratitude to Mr. Sher-
man than to any one member of that body.
His influence in framing our national Consti-
tution is well stated by Mr. Calhoun in his
speech before the United States Senate Feb-
ruary 112, 1847. He says:
"The three States, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,
and Virginia, were the largest and were actively
and strenuously in favor of a'national' Govern-
ment. The two leading spirits were Mr. Hamilton,
of New York, probably the author of the resolution,
and Mr. Madison, of Virginia. In the early stages
ot the Convention there was a majority in favor of a
'national' Government.. But in this stage there
were bur eleven Stares in the Convention. In pro-
cess of time New Hampshire came in, a very great
addition to the Federal side, which now became pre-
dominant. It. is owing mainly to the States of Con-
necticut and New Jersey that we have a 'Federal'
.instead of a 'national' Government—the best Gov-
ernment instead of the worst and most intolerable
on earth. Who are the men of these States to whom
we are indebted for this admirable Government? I
will name them—their names ought to be engraven
on brass and live forever. They were Chief Justice
Ellsworth, Roger Sherman, and Judge Patterson
of New Jersey. The other States further South were
blind, they did not see the luture. But to the cool-
ness and sagacity of these three men, aided by a few
Others, not so prominent, we owe the present Con-
stitution."
In every position Mr. Sherman possessed in
the fullest degree the confidence of his asso-
ciates. "There goes a man," said one of his
colleagues, "who has more common sense
than any other person I ever knew;" and
Fisher Ames said:
"Ifl happened to beabsent while a billwasunder
discussion I always felt safe in voting as Mr. Sher-
man did, for he always voted right."
I think it will be seen by a careful reading
of the history of the Convention that on more
than one occasion, except for his good judg-
ment and great influence,theConvention would
have broken up in disorder, and abandoned,
at least temporarily, its work.
He was a member of the first House of
Representatives under the Constitution, and
■ was afterward elected to the Senate of the
United States, and here, as in every other
position, he was conspicuous for his ability,
industry, and independence of character. In
private life his generous sympathies found
beautiful expression in kindly acts for the
poor.
Mr. Sherman died at the age of seventy-two.
He lived to see independence achieved and
the Government securely established. His
was a true life, abundant in years and most
abundant in usefulness, and we present this
illustrious character, the apprenticed child of
poverty, the incorruptible patriot and states-
man, as a model. In the history of all the
world we shall look in vain for a better
example.
And Sherman, like Trumbull, added to his
many virtues a true Christian life, a life con-
secrated to duty and inspired by noble pur-
poses. He saw not alone his relations to
society and human government, but his great
intellect comprehended as well the authority
of the divine. In communion with the infinite
he walked in that pure light that comes from
heaven. Jonathan Trumbull and Roger Sher-
man, honored names of a grateful and admir-
ing people ! The former, alone, of all the
colonial Governors, denounced the aggres-
sions of Parliament and the Crown, declared
for independence, and organized victory. The
latter demonstrated the self-governing right of
the colonies and upheld that right with mas-
terly power. The former became the main
pillar of support to Washington, and our lit-
tle Commonwealth, under his administration,
raised twice its quota of troops, and supplied
the impoverished army in the field during
seven years of terrible trial as against the
power of England they "trod the pathway of
victory with bleeding feet, and upheld the
banner of independence with hands that were
wasted by famine." The latter, associated
with the great statesmen of the revolutionary
period, laid the framework of this Republic,
which we trust shall remain forever as a bless-
ing to us and a model for all nations.
These are the noble characters whose lives
I have so imperfectly sketched, and while the
State of Connecticut holds their memories m
most affectionate veneration, she presents to
the nation these marble effigies of her sons as
worthy of the companionship of the most illus-
trious dead, whose lives and deeds have given
to our Republic imperishable honor and
renown.
Mr, KELLOGG. Mr. Speaker, the State
of Connecticut has intrusted to its representa-
tives in the two branches of Congress the
grateful duty of presenting, in a formal man-
ner, the statues of two " deceased persons
who have been citizens thereof, and illustrious
for their historic renown or from distinguished
civic or military services," such as slie his
determined to be " worthy of this national
commemoration."
The law under which these statues are pre-
sented to the people of the United States was
passed by Congress in July, 1804, during the
closing year of the great conflict for the pres-
ervation of the Union of the States. From
the time of its passage, as well as from the fact
that our State is here with a history of nearly
two hundred and fifty years as a State and a
colony, and that the popularadmiration always
follows military renown, it might have been
expected that one statue at least should com-
memorate some one of her deceased citizens
for his military achievements. Without includ-
ing the wars of the present century, she had
gone through the eight years of suffering, pri-
vation, and blood of the Revolution ; the seven
years' war with the French and Indians ; the
wars of the sovereigns, William, Anne, and
George, with France, Spam, and their colo-
nies, and the earlier Indian wars; the latter
so tierce and so bloody that at the close of
King Philip's brief war, as some quaint old
historian tells us, " every eleventh family was
houseless, and every eleventh soldier had sunk
to his grave."
Going back to her eailiest history, she might
have selected her first great captain and sol-
dier, Mason, who saved the infant colony m
and around Hartford from extermination, and
with his little band of ninety men utterly de-
stroyed one of the mightiest and most, warlike
of the Indian tribes of New England: and
whom Cromwell afterward sent for to return
to England to become a major general in the
bravest army that had ever fought on English
soil. Or, coming down to the period when she
rose from a colony to her position as a State,
she might have selected Wooster, who, with
Greene, of Rhode Island, was among the eight
generals first appointed by the colonial Con-
gress in June, 1775, "lavish of his life," as
the historian tells us ; and who was the first of
those eight generals to fall in battle at the head
of his troops, defending the soil of his native
State. She might have selected her own Put-
nam, for whom a statue is about being erected
in one of her capital cities, who "dared to lead
where any dared to follow," and who, as the
bells rang out the first alarm of actual war
from Lexington common and Concord, left his
plow in the unfinished furrow and rode the
same horse one hundred miles in eighteen
hours, reaching the scene of war at Cambridge
by sunrise the next morning. She might have
selected her young patriot aud scholar, Nathan
Hale, her early martyr to the cause, who, to
"drum-beat and heart-beat," trod the path-
way to the tree of death with exultation, and
whose only regret, as expressed to his brutal
executioners, was "that he had but one life
to give for his country." Or, as I understand
some States have determined, if she had looked
over the long roll of her sons who in our
own day have laid down their lives to preserve
the Union of these States, she might have
selected, under the terms of this resolution,
a Sedgwick, a Lyon, a Foote, or a Mansfield.
But no ; she has chosen no one from all her
heroes in history, however illustrious or how-
ever distinguished , who had won his renown
in the confused noise of battle and with gar-
ments rolled in blood; she brings with emi-
nent fitness as her offering two of her greatest
and purest men, who in their day and genera-
tion gave their lives to the work of establish
ing a State and a nation upon the lasting found-
ations of virtue and liberty. Bancroft says ;
" History has ever celebrated the commanders of
armies on which victory has been entailed, the he-
roes who have won laurels in scenes of carnage and
rapine. Has it no place for the founders of States;
the wise legislators who struck the rock in the wil-
derness. and the waters of liberty gushed forth in
copious and perennial fountains ?"
Those eloquent words of the historian were
written concerning two of the founders of the
infant colony of Connecticut, one of whom was
the author of the first of all the American
constitutions that deserves the name of a con-
stitution. Aud yet, when she had rolled up
the scroll of all the names blazoned on her
history for their military renown, there still
remained on its open pages a list of names that
well might have made her pause and hesitate.
With " founders of States," like Haynes, Hop-
kins, Davenport, and Eaton; with a scholar
like Noah Webster, whose name is known
wherever the English language is studied_ or
spoken ; with presidents ot Yale College, like
Timothy Dwight and Jeremiah Day ; with
theologians and pulpit orators, like Thomas
Hooker, Jonathan Edwards, Joseph Bellamy,
and Lyman Beecher; with statesmen, like
William Samuel Johnson, Oliver Wolcott,
(father and son,) and Chief Justice Ellsworth;
with a constellation of poets, in which shine
Brainard, Hillhouse, Halleck, and Percival,
as a few only of its bright stars; with iuvent-
ors like Eli Whitney and John Fitch,who have
added ages to the march of improvement and
millions to the wealth of the nation and the
world—she has left them all with others as
names the world will not willingly let die, and
has selected her "model Governor" at the
period when she emerged from a colony to a
State, and her " wise legislator" and eminent
statesman of the same generation. She brings
you the statues of Jonathan Trumbull and
lioger Sherman.
It. is well for us to pause for a brief hour
in our work of legislation to contemplate the
character and services of two such men. I
