2606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
under those circumstances I do not feel at
liberty to enter upon the discharge of my du-
ties as a member of that committee, either
in justice to myself or to the Secretary of the
Navy, whose conduct is the subject of invest-
igation. I informed the chairman of that
committee of this fact day before yesterday,
and I intended' to make an announcement
of the fact in the House on the same day;
but, as gentlemen will remember, there was
an early and unexpected adjournment on that
day. Yesterday I remained here until a quar-
ter before four o'clock, waiting an opportunity
to make the announcement, and then I left
the Hall to attend the funeral of a friend.
Having made this statement, I ask to be ex-
cused from service on that committee.
No objection was made.
baltimore amd potomac railroad.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular
erder of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now resume the
consideration of the bill of the House No.
2057, coming over from yesterday as unfin-
ished business, being a bill to confirm the
action of the board of aldermen and common
council of the city of Washington, designating
a depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, and for other purposes.
Upon the engrossment and third reading of
this bill the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Starkweather] has called the previous ques-
tion. Pending that call the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Townsend] has moved that
the bill be laid upon the table. The motion
to lay on the table will be voted upon before
the sense of the House is tested upon sustain-
ing the previous question.
Mr. POTTER, Pending that motion I
move that the House now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask gentle-
men to allow me to move that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I can say for
one that 1 think we had better adhere to the
business before the House until it is dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must enforce
the rule. Pending a motion to adjourn the
Chair cannot allow discussion. Although he
is disposed to be indulgent in that regard, yet
members complain of it.
Mr. POTTER. I will withdraw the motion
to adjourn for the purpose stated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
upon the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I believe I have charge of
that bill, and I do not propose to use it as a
means of filibustering.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. When a motion
to adjourn is pending, is it in order for mem-
bers to discuss other questions?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the Chair has
just stated. But the motion to adjourn has
been withdrawn.
Mr. DICKEY. I believe I have charge
of the Army appropriation bill, and I do not
want to go into Committee of the Whole
upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has charge
of it in Committee of the Whole, but that does
not prevent any other gentleman from moving
to go into Committee of the Whole upon it.
Mr. DICKEY. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] wants to take charge of that
bill also, he can do so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not want
to take charge of it, but I want to get the
House to attend to some business.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has assisted
in wasting so much of the time of the House,
I hope he will now let lis come to a vote on
this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not want
to waste time.
The question was then takeir upon the mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole ; and
upon a division there were—ayes 52, noes 94.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league [Mr. Beatty] not to call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion. I made it only for the purpose of try-
ing to get the House to go on with business.
I want to take no part in this filibustering.
Mr. HAY. I renew the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Army appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is it in order
to renew a motion that has just been defeated?
The SPEAKER. It'is in order to renew a
motion which was withdrawn before the sense
of the House upon it was fully tested.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Hat ; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 48, noes 97.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Whathas
become of my motion to lay this bill on the
table ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is pending,
and will be the first one acted on when dilatory
motions are abandoned ; but the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole takes pre-
cedence, because it is in the nature of a motion
to suspend the rales.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Was not
the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Hay] renewed it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 121, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Bell, Braxton, Bright, Campbell. Carroll,
Coburn, Coghlan, Cox, Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Du
Bose, Duke, Ely, Finkelnburg, Garfield, Garrett,
Hambleton, Hay, Hibbard, Kerr, King, Leach,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McGrew, MeHenry. Mcln-
tyre, McNeely, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe, Niblack,
Poland, Potter, Head, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis
H. Roberta, Sprague, Stevenson, Storm, Swann,
Terry, Dwight Townsend, Upson, Van Trump,
Warren. Whitthorne, Willard, and Winchester—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin 3?. Butler,Caldwell, Cobb, Con-
ger, Conner, Cotton, Creeiy, Crocker, Darrall,
I)ickey> Dourian, Dox, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, El-
dredge, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye. Gcta, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Handley, Hanks, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, Hawley, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazel ton, Hoar, Hooper,Hough-
ton, Kelley, Kendall, Kctchum, Killingcr, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, McClelland,
McCormick, McCrary, McJunkin, Mercur, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry, Peters, Price,
Prindle, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Rogers, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Sherwood. Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Starkweather, Stevens, Stoughton,
Stowell, Sutherland, Washington Townsend, Tur-
ner, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Wal-
den, Waldron, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, White-
ley, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of New
York-121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barnum,
Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, James Brooks,
Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Comingo, Critcher, Dawes, De Large, Elli-
ott, Farnswortn, Farwell, Forker. Hancock, John
T. Harris, Havens, Hereford, Herndoil, Hill, Hol-
man, Kellogg, Kinsella, Lynch. McKee, MeKinney,
Morey, Morgan, Negley, Packer, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Porter, Rainey, William R.
Roberts. Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sheldon, Slo-
cum, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J.
Speer, Strong, St. John, Sypher. Taffe, Thomw.
Tuthill, Twiohell, Tyner, Walls, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—62.
So the motion of Mr. Hay, that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, was not agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. KERR. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 52, not vot-
ing 83 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Austin
Blair, George M. Brooks. Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Caldwell, Cobb, Conger, Conner,
Cotton, Cox, Creeiy, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duell,
Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Ely, Henry D.
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Gets, Gol-
laday, Griffith, Haldeman, Handley, Hanks, Har-
per, Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton, Hill, Hoar. Kelley, Kendall, Ketcham,
Killinger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, Mc-
Clelland, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Mooro, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr. Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Price, Prindle, Randall, Rusk, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sessions, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, John A. Smith, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Washing-
ton Townsend, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Wal-
dron. Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of In-
diana, Williams of New York, Winchester, and
Young—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Beatty, Beck,
Bell, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Campbell, Davis, Du
Bose, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Hambleton,
Hancock, Herndon, Hibbard, Houghton, Kerr, King,
Leach, Man so is, Marshall, McCormick, McGrew,
MeHenry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Monroe, Siblack,
Poland, Potter, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Sheldon, Stevens,
Storm, Swann, Sypher, Terry, Turner. Tyner. Upson,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Warren, Willard, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arthur, Barnum,
Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, James Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll,
William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coburn, Cogh-
lan, Comingo, Crebs, Oitcher, Crocker, Crossland,
Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Elliott, Farnsworth, Far-
well, Forker, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Har-
mer, George E. Harris, John T. Harris. Havens, Hay,
Hereford. Holman, Hooper, Kellogg, Kinsella, Lam-
ison, Lewis, Lynch, McCrary, McKee, McKinncy,
Merrick, Morey, Morgan, Packer, Hosea W. Parker,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eh Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Rainey, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley,
Shanks, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith. Snapp, Strong, St. John, Suther-
land, Taffe. Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Xuthili,
Twichell, Vauehan, Wallace, Walls, Whitthorne,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—83.
So the motion ,to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr, KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
32, noes 91.
Mr. BEATTY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
twenty-two ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. BEATTY. Count the other side.
The other side was counted; and there
were—noes ninety-six; one fifth not haviug
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dickey and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-eight; more than ono
fifth of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BEATTY. Is it in order to move that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Friday next?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not
be deprived of that right if he allows this roll'
call to be gone through with.
Mr. BEATTY. I prefer to make the mo-
tion now.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
42, noes 83.
Mr. BEATTY demanded the yeas and nays.
