3798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, For the sake
of saving time I withdraw the call for a sep-
arate vote, and move that the rules be sus-
pended and the bill passed as reported from
the Committee of the Whole ou the state of
the Union.
The question was put on Mr. Garfield's
motion; and there were—ayes 97, noes 26.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr, YOUNG. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, only eighteen mem-
bers voting therefor.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
seventeen members voting therefor.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended ; and the bill, as re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, was passed.
sureties op jesse j. simpkins.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massa-
chusetts, by unanimous consent., the bill (S.
No. 1890) for the relief of the sureties of Jesse
J. Sitnpkins, returned from the Senate with
amendments, was taken from the Speaker's
table; the amendments of the Senate were
non-concurred in, and a conference asked ou
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
bridge across tiib arkansas river.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask to take from the
Speaker's table the bill (S. No. !K!1) author-
izing the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river, at Little Rock, Arkansas.
The bill has the approval ot' the Committee
on Commerce, and I presume there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I object.
enrolled hill signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mitteeon Enrolled Bills, reported thatthe com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
a bill of the following title ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A hill (S. No. 617) in relation to the Dakota
Southern Railroad Company.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 move that the House
now take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put on Mr. Randall's
motion, and there were—ayes 44, noes 81.
So the Mouse refused to adjourn.
The question was then put on Mr. Seo-
fiki.d's motion, and it was agreed to: and the
House (at five o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m ) took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House
resumed its session at. hall'past seven o'clock.
apportionment 01' representation.
Mr. WILLAKD. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. it. No. 13=13) supplemental
to an act entitled '• An act for the apportion-
ment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth
census," which has been returned from the
Senate with an amendment, to be taken up, the
amendment of the Senate lion concurred in,
and a conference asked on the disagreeing
votes tlu reon.
Mr. BROOKS. I object until I can have
an opportunity of examining the amendment.
chinese interpreters.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of State, in-
closing correspondence upon the insufficient
appropriation made for the employment of in-
terpreters in China; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
claims against venezuela.
Mr. BANKS also presented a letter from
the Secretary of State, inclosing a letter in re-
lation to the claims of American citizens
against the Government of Venezuela; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mississippi levees.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following concurrent resolution;
which was read, and referred under the law
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed twenty thou-
sand copies of the report of the special committee
of the House on the Mississippi levees, and of the
report of the special committee of the Semite on the
Mississippi levees, in one volume or pamphlet, fifteen
thousand copies to be for the use of the House, aild
five thousand copies for the use of tho Senate.
bridge across the arkansas river.
Mr. CONGER. I desire unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table the
bill (S. No. 931) authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Arkansas river at Little
Rock, Arkansas.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridges across tiie mississippi.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will again ask leave to
report, from the Committee on Commerce, a
bill for regulating the construction of bridges
across the Mississippi river. It is important
that the bill be passed before the building of
any more bridges over the Mississippi, in order
to keep open the channel.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The bill provides that all bridges hereafter
constructed over and across the Mississippi
river, under authority of acts of Congress,
shall be subject to the terms and restrictions
of the filth section of an act to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the town of Clinton, in the
State of Iowa, and other bridges across said
river, and to establish thetn as post roads,
approved April 1, 1872, and in locating any
such bridge the Secretary of War shall have
due regard to the security and convenience of
navigation and convenience of access and wants
of railways and highways across the Missis-
sippi liver.
No objection was made; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2800) was accordingly received, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third lime.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think there can be no
objection to this bill. It is reported by order
ot the Committee on Commerce. The sec-
tion referred to in the bill is as follows:
"That the structure herein authorized shall bo built
underand located and subject tosuch regulations for
the security of navigation of said river as the Secre-
tary ot War shall prescribe, and the said structure
shall be ot all times so kept and managed as to offer
reasonable and properineansfor the passagoofvessels
through or undersaid structure; and the said struc-
ture shall be changed at the cost and expense of the
owners thereof, from time to tune as Congress may
direct, so as to preserve the free and convenient
navigation of said river. And the authority to erect
and continue said bridgeshall be subject to revoca-
tion. modification by law whenever the public good
: shall in the judgment of Congress so require, with-
out a.ny expense or charge to the United States."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accoidingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
shipping commissioners.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House No. 2044, to authorize the appointment
of shipping commissioners by the several cir-
cuit courts of the United States to superintend
the shipping and discharge of seamen engaged
in merchant ships belonging to the United
States, and fof the further protection of sea-
men. I desire to ask the House to non-con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate and
request a committee of conference thereon.
No objection was made; and the amend-
ments were accordingly taken from the Speak-
er's table and non-concurred in, and a com-
mittee of conference was asked thereon.
The SPEAKER announced as the con-
ferees on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the above bill, Mr.
Conger, Mr. Hale, and Mr. Holman.
apportionment of representatives.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ment of the Senate to the House bill No.
1343, supplemental to an act entitled " An
act for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States accord-
ing to the ninth census."
Mr. BURCHARD. What is the amend-
ment?
Mr. WILLARD. The amendment is to
strike out the words " to the Forty-Third
Congress only."
The SPEAKER. The bill of the House
provided that the additional members given
to the States by this bill should be elected at
large for the Forty-Third Congress only. The
amendment of the Senate strikes out that
limitation.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to ask that the
amendment of the Senate be non-concurred in.
Mr. BROOKS. The objection to the amend-
ment of the Senate is that it allows the States
to keep their additional Representatives to be
elected at large for more than the Forty-Third
Congress. I think the States should be re-
quired to be districted as soon as possible.
Mr. RANDALL. And this is also in vio-
lation of the act already passed by Congress
upon apportionment.
No objection being Made, the amendment
of the Senate was taken from the Speaker's
table and non-concurred in.
public buildings in cincinnati.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce for action at this time a
bill to regulate the exercise of the right of
eminent domain in securing a site for public
buildings in the city of Cincinnati.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the bill for
the purpose of inquiring whether it has ever
been before a committee.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I was about to
make a statement.
The SPEAKER. As the bill is very long,
perhaps the gentleman from Ohio had better
have it printed and referred to some commit-
tee, aud then enter a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
that course.
The SPEAKER. If there be. no objection,
the bill (Ii. R. No. 2867) will be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed, and a motion to reconsider will
be entered.
There was no objection.
order of business. *
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. This evening has, by
order of the House, been devoted to reports
from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
edward t. young.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that tho Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the fur-
