162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Senate.
The Tariff—Mr. Johnston.
42d Cong 2b Sess.
of $359,000,000, the sum estimated by the Sec-
retary. For thia increase of $14,000,000 over
the estimate of the Secretary the Senator gives
many good reasons, to which I am prepared to
yield my assent. I will, however, call the at-
tention of the House to one of those reasons,
■which I may be permitted to say I think he
has a little overdone, and that is the consid-
erable increase of the public revenue which
lie expects from the destruction of duty-paid
goods by the great fire at Chicago.
I have already alluded to the fact that he
struck out the item of $4,000,000 for the pub-
lic buildings in Chicago, because, as he said,
our receipts had been increased more than
twice that sum by the destruction of duty-paid
goods by this fire. He had previously stated
that the large increase of revenues which he
expected was caused " to" some extent by the
importation of goods in place of duty-paid
goods destroyed by fire at Chicago."
In ascertaining how much is to be the in-
crease in the coining year he takes the actual
receipts for eight months of the present year,
and at the same rate finds the increase for
the whole of this year. He thereby not
only pays for the public buildings in Chicago
§4,000,000, but includes the whole of the in-
creased revenue caused by the fire without
any such deduction in his calculation of the
increase for this year, and makes it the basis
of next year's increase also.
The new method of augmentation of the
revenue by. fire is certainly a remarkable
one ; for it not only permits of thus counting
$4,000,000 twice in the present year, but of
counting the whole over again in the next
year. With this exception, to which I confess
as yet my inability to give my entire adhesion,
I agree with the Senator in the reasons which
he has so well set forth in his speech for com-
ing to the conclusion that there will be a con-
siderable increase in the aggregate of the
reveuue of next year over and above the esti-
mate of the Secretary of the Treasury.
' The difference, however, between the con-
clusions ot' the Senator and the cautious esti-
mate of the Secretary of the Treasury is, it
will be observed, only the sum of $14,000,000;
not a very large margin, and one which a very
slight revulsion in the currents of business
would cause to disappear entirely. How neces-
sary it may be for us in view of this to tread
cautiously, I leave it for the House to determ-
ine. The difference between the results
arrived at by the Senator and myself, lies in
this: he disregards wholly the bills which had
passed the House increasing the expenditures
on the one side and decreasing the revenues
on the other, and at the same time adds
$14,000,000 to the increase of revenue esti-
mated by the Secretary; and this chiefly from
the augmentation caused by the fire at Chicago.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. JOHNSTON,
OP VIRGINIA,
Ix the United States Sexate,
March 21, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(ii, r. No. 173) to repeal the duties on salt, with the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, pro-
posing a general revision of the tariff—
Mr. JOHNSTON said:
Mr. President : The present anxiety of the
country in regard to the pending bill I think
demonstrates very clearly the demerits of the
protective system. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkling] has just stated that he
receives every day applications urging a speedy
decision of this question. Trade is embar-
rassed, the country not prosperous, owing to
the uncertainty that hangs around legislation
upon the subject of tariff and internal rev-
enue. As long as our present system is the
accepted system of the country, as a matter
of course the very same uncertainty will
always hang over our legislation, and have the
same effect it is now having. The only mode
of escape from that condition of things is to
have a settled system, liable to no changes, or
only such small changes as are incidental and
necessary to every government. The import-
ers of tea and coffee, the tobacco manufac-
turers, and others interested in large interests
dependent upon our action on this bill, are
paralyzed, to use their own language, from
the delay in settling the legislation on this
subject.
If we had free trade, or comparative free
trade, this condition of things could not pre-
vail, and the country would move smoothly
along in its trade, business, and manufactures,
and would not, upon the approach and during
the continuance of every session of Congress,
be perplexed and apprehensive of change.
Sir, I am opposed to this protective system.
I favor free trade ; but as I do not expect
ever to see that millennium arrive, 1 shall have
to be content with getting as near to it as
possible.
The inquiries that suggest themselves in the
discussion of this question are, what is pro-
tection? Whom does it protect? What does
it protect ? What portion of the people does
it protect? How does it protect them ? Whom
does it injure, if it injures anybody? What
proportion of the population does it injure?
I do not know how else to define protection
except to say that it is a cunningly devised
scheme by which a portion and but a small
portion of the community, under the pretense
of raising a revenue for the support of the
Government, get rich at the expense of the
large majority of the people. It may be illus-
trated in this way: the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] and the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] are, we will say, both
manufacturers of iron. The Senator from
Vermont can sell iron at twenty dollars a ton.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is not content
to get twenty dollars a ton, he wants thirty
dollars. The rest of the Senate represent the
purchasers or consumers. The Senator from
Pennsylvania comes to Congress and says, "1
want thirty dollars a ton for my iron, but here
is a man who is willing to sell his iron at twenty
dollars, and what is worse, the consumers are
willing to buy it at that price. Therefore, my
' infant manufacture' is liable to suffer. I de-
sire you to protect my 'struggling industry.' "
Upon being asked how that is to be done, he
says, "Prohibit my rival from selling at all;
pass a law and say he shall not sell on any
terms. That is one way of being protected;
or, if you think that is asking too much, then
tax him to such an extent that he cannot sell
for less than thirty dollars, and by that means
I will be enabled to get the thirty dollars that
I desire for my iron. If that does not suit,
then let him sell at twenty dollars a ton if he
will, but impose a sufficient tax upon every
man in the community to enable me to sell a
large quantity of iron at twenty dollars, and
yet make it by virtue of this tax thirty dollars
a ton." Thus whenever the Senator from
Maryland or any other Senator buys iron, he
has to pay a tax of five or ten dollars, to be
paid over to the Senator from Pennsylvania to
protect his "infant manufacture," and enable
him to get indirectly thirty dollars a ton for his
iron. That illustrates the principle.
That being the idea that I have of what con-
stitutes protection, I will inquire for a moment,
whom does it protect? Unless it protects some
considerable portion of the community, it
ought not to be retained upon our statute-
books ; and if it protects only a small part of
the community at the expense of the great
body of the people, still less oughtit to be the
policy of the country.
I am unable to see whom it protects except
the manufacturer himself. If a man converts
raw cotton into cotton cloth, or if he converts
iron ore into pig iron, he is the person to be
protected. He gets the benefit of the duty
which is assessed upon these articles when
they are brought in from abroad; but he is
the only man who gets it; nobody else does.
It is simply the man whose capital is employed
in converting the raw material into the man-
ufactured article that gets the benefit of the
duty. His employes, and every other man,
woman, and child in the community suffers
the loss for the benefit of this one man. While
it protects him, it injures the farmer, the
planter, the teacher, the mechanic, the law-
yer, the doctor, the merchant, the laborer,
and every other class of the community. These
it injures, to these it makes living more costly,
because, while he gets the benefit of protec-
tion, they have to pay the increased price of
the article he makes produced by this system ;
and, therefore, it is a tax upon the remainder
of the community for the benefit of the manu-
facturer.
One favorite theory of the protectionists is
that they create a home market. Their idea
is that the agricultural community must have
a market here composed of manufacturers to
sell their products to, and that the manufac-
turing community must in return sell their
products to the farmers, and thus home mar-
kets will be created for both. But it must be
apparent to everybody that this home market
is entirely too small for either industry. You
can never get a condition of things in this
country in which all of its vast agricultural
products can find a market here. We can
never have enough manufacturers and attend-
ant laborers to consume all that our rich lands
in this great and extensive country can raise.
There must be some market abroad, therefore,
as well as a home market for our agricultural
products. And if we did have manufacturers
and attendant laborers enough to consume the
surplus our farmers make, it is certain that
they could manufacture infinitely more than
the agricultural community could want or pur-
chase. We could not sell enough to our whole
people to make manufactures entirely pros-
perous. We must have, therefore, to be pros-
perous, in addition to the home market, a for-
eign market for our manufactures as well as
for our agricultural products. When the idea
is advanced that it is only necessary for both
these interests that there shall be a home
market, it is equivalent to saying that if you
were to take a farmer and a manufacturer and.
lock them up in a room together for ten,
twenty, or thirty years and then open the door,
you would find them both rich. If we calcu-
late upon having here in our own country a
home market for our agricultural products
exclusively and a home market for our manu-
facturing products exclusively, we must get
rich upon one another if we get rich at all.
We cannot get rich from foreigners, because
this idea supposes no trade with them.
The scheme, then, of a home market as being
sufficient and as affording all that we ought to
ask, is of course not to be entertained. We
must so arrange our system as to have not only
a good home market, but at the same time a
good foreign market, both for agricultural pro-
ducts and manufactured articles.
The real problem in this whole subject is
how to increase our exports and cheapen the
production of them. The more exports we
have, the more we sell abroad, as a matter of
course the richer will be our country. Every
country in settling its system of dealing with
foreign nations ought so to arrange it, if pos-
sible, that it will have a large quantity of all
sorts of articles to send abroad and get for
