1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. -Johnston.
Sekate.
them eitUer gold or such articles as it needs
for its own consumption. But while we do
that we must also endeavor to cheapen the
production of those things in our own coun-
try, because unless we do we cannot compete
in the markets of the world with other nations.
If the production by us of commodities is
costly, we cannot sell them abroad in com-
petition with nations that produce cheaply.
To illustrate, the Argentine Republic produces
a great many articles we need, especially raw
hides. It would be our policy, therefore, to sell
to the Argentine Republic manufactured goods
and purchase of them hides and other things
that they have to sell. There should be a direct
trade between that country and this; but we
cannot do that if the Argentine Republic can
buy the same things we offer to sell them at a
lower price from other countries. We cannot
sell them cotton cloths or woolen cloths or any
other manufactured articles in exchange for
their commodities if they can buy the same
things in England cheaper than here. That
is the actual condition of affairs now. We
buy articles from that country, but we do not
pay for them in our products or in our manu-
factured articles. We pay for them in gold or
in exchange upon Europe, and then they take
our gold or our European exchange and go to
England and buy the same articles that we
make here, because they can buy there cheaper,
because the production of there in England is
less costly than in the United States; hence
we lose a market for our products and have
to make our purchases in gold or European
exchange.
It is manifest, therefore, that the policy of
our country should be to cheapen production
so that whatever we have got to sell we can
sell in the markets of the world in competi-
tion with other manufacturers. We should be
able to go anywhere that England goes and
sell our products at the same rate she sells
hers. If we cannot do that we cannot com-
pete with her. When we make the cost of
productions high, we to that extent limit our
market and exclude ourselves from the rest of
the world.
The protective system, of necessity, has the
effect of withdrawing wealth from one portion
of the community and concentrating it in a
particular class. The wealth of the country
outside of the real estate is nearly a fixed
quantity. It increases slowly with business.
If, therefore, we legislate in such a way as to
give one portion of the community a large
share of this fixed quantity, as a matter of
course it can only be done by abstracting it
from the rest. Suppose the personal estate
of the country is worth a thousand million
dollars, and we pass such laws as will enable
a particular class to abstract from the rest of
the community more than its proportion of
that thousand million dollars, it of course j
takes away that much from everybody else. |
Suppose there are but §100 between myself
and the two Senators on my right. If I have
fifty dollars, the other two can only have fifty
dollars between them; and if you so legislate
as to give me seventy-five dollars, of course
they can then have only twenty-five dollars.
So when you legislate 111 regard to the wealth
of the nation in such a way as to enable the
manufacturing class to obtain possession of,
to irresistibly draw to itself a large share of
this fixed quantity of capital, you necessarily,
by the same process, abstract it from the rest
of the community ; you make the class of manu-
facturers a sort of maelstrom to suck in and
swallow up whatever comes within their reach.
But it is said that this not only benefits the
manufacturer but benefits the laborer, the
employ^ of the manufacturer, because it en-
ables the manufacturer to give him higher
■wages. Well, sir, wages, like everything else,
are great or small by comparison. A dime is
just as good as a dollar when it will buy as
much. It is no answer to say that in this
country wages are a dollar, or a dollar and a
half, or two dollars a day, and that in Europe
they are less, unless the purchasing power of
the dollar, or dollar and a half, or two dollars
in this country is greater than the purchasing
power of a smaller sum in Europe. While
the nominal amount of wages may be greater,
yet if their actual value is not greater the
laborer is not benefited. But while the
nominal value of wages is greater, yet all
the expenses attending living are increased
by this protective system. Why? The laborer
must have woolens, cottons, leather, and the
products of these things to clothe himself and
family; he has to pay rent; he has to pay
taxes, and when he buys articles of prime
necessity for his support, he buys them with
the tariff duty added to their cost; he buys
them with the protective burden upon them;
he buys them at the increased price which is
necessitated by the high rate of duties that is
imposed upon them. If you give him a dollar
a day and sell him cottons at twice as much
as he can buy them for abroad you see at once
that his wages, while nominally better, are not
really so.
The system imposes very heavy burdens on
the community for a small benefit derived by
the Government. All the benefit the Govern-
ment derives is the duty upon the article, less
the expense of collecting it. If, while we
collect the necessary tax upon imports, we
at the same time impose a heavy burden on
the domestic article, the Government only
makes the tax on the import, but the com-
munity pays a large amount upon domestic
purchases which does not go into the Treasury.
Suppose we import one thousand tons of
English iron, all the revenue the Government
gets is the duty upon that thousand tons. Sup-
pose we use five thousand tons of domestic
iron, the country gets no revenue from the
iron manufactured here, but the manufacturers
get the increased price caused by the impost
duty, and that increased price is a tax upon
the people.
The amount of English iron imported into
this country is about one quarter or one fifth
of that manufactured here, so that the duty
011 one fourth or one fifth of the iron used in
this country goes into the Treasury. But
whateverthe increased price of domestic iron
in consequence of the tariff is, is a tax upon
the purchaser, which goes to the manufac-
turer and not to the Treasury.
But, sir, against what does protection pro-
tect? It only protects against low prices. The
people want low prices; they want everything
they use at reasonable cost. When protection
is asked for, it is a protection not against the
English manufacturer, but a protection against
low prices. It is a protection against the right
of the people to purchase what they want and
must have 011 the best terms for them. It
is a protection against the people living as
easily as they can and at as little cost as pos-
sible.
What else does protection secure? Do high
tariffs produce low prices? That claim is
astonishing. Unless it enables the manufac-
turer to sell his commodity at a higher price,
how, 1 ask, is it possible to benefit even him ?
He says, " I am not getting enough for my
goods ; I make cottons, and 1 cau only get ten
cents a yard ; 1 cannot afford to do that; 1
want protection ; fix your duty upon cottons
so that I cau get fifteen cents a yard, and then
I will be protected." So a man who maBes
iron says, I can only sell my iron at twenty
dollars a ton, whifch does not pay ; but I can
afford to make it if I can get twenty-five dol-
lars a ton; protect me, therefore, and let me
get twenty-five dollars a ton." Unless pro-
tection has that effect how does it benefit th@
manufacturer ? How can any one conceive it
possible that a man should be benefited unless
he is enabled to sell his commodities at a
greater price than he did before?
It is said by the advocates of protection
that it increases the wages of the laborers.
How is that ? If the wages of labor are raised,
of course the cost of the article made must
be enhanced. If the manufacturer give his
hands one dollar a day this month and two
dollars a day next month, can he sell for
less when the labor costs him two dollars
than when it only costs him one? They say,
" Protect us and we can give higher wages."
Higher wages, of course, indicate increased
cost of production, and having given higher
wages, and made your articles cost more than
they would otherwise, we wilt still sell them
for less than we did before." This proposi-
tion is one that hardly needs refutation.
The only thing that the manufacturer can
hope, that he can wish, that he can obtain by
virtue of this system, is to sell at twelve, fif-
teen, or twenty cents what he formerly sold
at ten cents a yard. His benefit is in the
increased price that he gets for the commodity.
If he does that, of course that increased price
will fall upon somebody. If before that you
could get a yard of cloth at ten cents, and you
now have to pay fifteen cents a yard for it, are
you benefited ?
The proportion of the community benefited
by this system is quite small. In order to see
what the proportion is, let us take the article
of iron. The man who digs the ore out of
the earth and converts it into pig iron is the
manufacturer, and ke is the person benefited.
But after it is made into iron there are
thousands of mechanics scattered all over
the country, in every village, in every settle-
ment, who manufacture the iron into things
useful for the public; who make plows, rakes,
horse-shoes, agricultural implements, and
machinery. They buy the pig iron used in
their operations, and when they buy it, of
course they pay the increased price put
upon it by the tariff. Therefore that class of
the community who convert iron into things
that are of use to the community are not ben-
efited because, they have to pay the increased
price.
But then it is said they do not lose, because
they sell according to the cost of their work.
Then the duty falls in the end upon the con-
sumer. If I want my horse shod, and I have
to pay a blacksmith §1 2o for shoeing him
because he has to pay twenty-five cents duty
upon the iron he uses, aud but for that would
only charge me a dollar, then I pay the duty;
so with every man who buys a plow, a hoe, or
has his horse shod, a wagon built, or who em-
ploys any of the articles that are made from
iron after it passes from the manufacturer.
Thus the whole community, using iron as they
must do in one form or another, are forced to
suffer from this tax, while the only man who
can possibly get any benefit by it is the man
who converted the raw material into pig iron.
The man who makes that pig iron into machin -
ery, the man who expends labor upon it, must
pay a tax which he charges, of course, to those
who buy from him, and thus the whole com-
munity are the sufferers.
Is it, possible that it can be of advantage to
any community to have to expend very much
labor for the procurement of what it wants?
If you so arrange it that I can with a single
day's labor buy a pair of shoes, it is a great
deal better for me than if you so legislate that
it takes me two days' work to buy the shoes.
If you impose a heavy tax on leather so that
a pair of shoes which would otherwise cost a
dollar cost two dollars, and my wages remain
