1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
that has been said on that subject, I subscribe
to it thus far: that whoever assumes to have
the power to require the attendance of persons
and the production of papers must have a clear
right to do so, and that every doubt is to be
resolved against the jurisdiction. That I hold
to be sound doctrine. I do hold that the lib-
erty of an individual is so sacred, and that the
sanctity of his papers is so protected and
guarded by the Constitution and by the law,
that wherever there is a doubt as to the right
to require the attendance of the one or the
production of the other that doubt is to be
resolved against the jurisdiction. Itisnotsuffi-
cient to rely on what may have been the inten-
tion of Congress in passing this resolution.
That will not do. Whatever may be the inten-
tion of the legislature in passing an act, unless
the language of that act give effect to that
intention the intention cannot have that effect.
That is familiar doctrine with all the lawyers
here. There must not only be the intention,
but the inlention must be expressed. You
find the intention of the legislature in the words
of its statuies, in the language it has used, and
unless that language expresses the intention,
however much 3'ou may believe from matteis
dehors the statute that the legislature intended
so and so, you cannot give effect to the alleged
inlention which is not expressed.
With those rules in our mind let us look at
the resolution appointing this committee:
" Mesolved by the Senate of the XJnited States, (the
House of Representatives concurring:,) That a joint
committee, consisting of seven Senators and four-
teen Representatives, bo appointed, whose duty it
shall bo to inquire into the condition of the late
insurrectionary States so far as regards the execu-
tion of the laws and the safety of the lives and prop-
erty of tha citizens of the United States, with leave
lo report at any time during the next, or any subse-
quent session of Congress the result of their invest-
igation to either or both Houses of Congress, with
such recommendations as they may. deem expedi-
ent."
That is the first clause. Now, you will ob-
serve that there is not in this clause any power
whatever to send for a person or to require
the production of a paper or to administer an
oath to a witness ; and if, as has been asserted
here, that power must be expressly given, it
cannot be contended for a moment that any
such power is contained in the clause I have
read. It is simply the appointment -f a com-
mittee to inquire into these matters and to
report to Congress. What shows that that was
not considered to authorize the sending for
persons and papers is what immediately fol-
lows :
" That said committee be authorized to employ
clerks and stenographers, to sit during the recess, to
send for persons and papers, to administer oaths,
and to take testimony."
Who is to do that? Who has authority
"to send for persons and papers, to admin-
ister oaths, and take testimony?" It is "said
committee." That is all; and you might as
well say that one member of this committee
had the authority as to say that two or three
had it. You might as well say that though
your Supreme Court consists of nine judges,
one judge shall have the powers that the whole
court possesses. No, sir, no one will pretend
that so far there is any authority given to a
sub-committee to take testimony. There is
nothing inherent in the appointment of a com-
mittee which authorizes the appointment by
it of a sub-committee to do its duty. It is a
fiduciary relation that the committee bears to
the body that appoints it. It cannot devolve
that duty upon somebody else; it cannot de-
volve it upon a portion of its members, much
less upon three members out of twenty-one.
It has no right to devolve it unless that au-
thority is given expressly. The power given to
examine witnesses is a power given to a com-
mittee of twenty-one: and, as we know, on all
joint committees there must be a majority of the
members of each body present to constitute a
quorum of the committee. To make a quorum
of that committee it was required mat there
should be four Senators present, aud that there I.
should be eight Representatives present, mak-
ing twelve necessary to constitute a quorum of
thatcommittee, which was authorized "to send
for persons and papers, to administer oaths
and take testimony." Here was a sub-com-
mittee of three, as I understand the matter,
undertaking toexercise these duties which could
not be exercised by less than twelve, and I say
the committee had no power to delegate to three
men those functions, those faculties, those
powers that were devolved by Congress upon
the committee, and upon the committee alone.
There is a provision about a sub-committee,
and I am coming to it. This sub committee
provision strengthens my argument, because
there is not one word in it in regard to sub-
committees that authorizes a sub-committee
to summon any witness or to take any testi-
mony. I will read it now all in connection :
"That said committee be authorized to employ
clerks and stenographers, to sit during the recess,
to send for persons and papers, to administer oaths,
and take testimony."
That is the second clause of the resolution,
and then comes the third clause of the resolu-
tioa :
"And to visit at their discretion, through sub-
committees, any portions of said States during the
recess of Congress."
That is all. And now, what shows at once
how the thing is, is this—I beg the attention
of the lawyers of this body to it 
Mr. SCOTT. May I ask my friend at that
point for what purpose they were to visit the
southern States ?
Mr. THITRMAN. To enjoy the hospitalities
of the South, and to see for themselves.
Mr. SCOTT. Not to carry out the previous
direction of the resolution?
Mr. THURMAN. Not at all. This com-
mittee had precisely the same powers while
Congress was in session that it had during the
recess. Will any man deny that? It is author-
ized to sit during the session of Congress, and
it is authorized to sit during the recess. It
had precisely the same power during the ses-
sion of Congress that it had during the recess
of Congress; and now I ask my friend to
point to me one word in this resolution that
authorizes the appointment of a sub-commit-
tee during the session of Congress. There is
no such word in it. It is ouly a power to
appoint a sub-committee to visit the South
during the recess. That is ail of it. If a sub-
committee could be appointed with power to
summon witnesses, to compel their attend-
ance, and to take testimony during the recess,
it could do it during the session ol' Congress;
and no such power was given to it at all. The
power of the committee is therefore limited in
that respect, and the right to visit the South
bj' sub-committees is simply a right to send
gentlemen down South who might see with
their own eyes the situation of the country
and acquire such information as they could
get with their own ears, and not to summon
witnesses and not to take testimony.
Why, sir, it has not been a very extraordin-
ary thing to send out committees without power
to take testimony, that they may see with their
own eyes what is the condition of affairs. You
send a jury out to visit the premises very often
in an action of ejectment: in a trial for mur-
der you send the jury to the place where the
homicide was committed to take a view ; you
do it in a dozen cases. In the case of almost
every nuisance that is tried you send the jury
to see. They take 110 testimony; they hear
110 witness ; they simply use their eyes ; and
so these gentlemen might be sent to the South
to see for themselves whether it'were true that
that country was in a condition that required
martiallavv tobeproelaimed. Sir, if that coun-
try was in a state of insurrection that required
martial law to be proclaimed and the writ of
habeas corpus to be suspended, if that was its
condition, it required no testimony to prove it.
The gentlemen who went down there wouid
see it with their own eyes; they would hear it
with their own ears; it required no process to
call up reluctant witnesses. Congress thought
fit to say "You may go down andsee with your
own eyes; you may examine witnesses here,
during the session of Congress ; you may ex-
amine witnesses during the recess ; and you
may see whether they have told the truth when
they have described the condition of affairs
down there, by sending some of your owu
members to look at the very ground which
they say is occupied by a revolution or an in-
surrection." That is what Congress has stated;
but I do not care what Congress meant. The
thing is that the meaning ot Congress must be
expressed before you can give it effect, and
there is not one single word in this resolution
that authorizes a sub-committee to take testi-
mony at all.
I shall therefore feel bound, when I can get
the floor, and this matter is disposed of, to
move to reconsider the resolution in the other
case, and I shall be compelled to vote against
this resolution upon this ground. I was not
here when this question came up before. This
is the first time that my attention has been
called to it. I know nothing of any one of
these individuals. They maybe the worstmen
in the world for aught that I know. They may
be engaged in the worst cause. I have con-
demned this Ku Klux business again and again
in this Senate as strongly as anybody can con-
demn it. but that is not the question here. The
question here is simply one of law—what is the
power that you conferred on this committee?
If you did not confer on them the power to
appoint sub-committees to roam over the coun-
try and take testimony, then these sub-com-
mittees have no jurisdiction for any such pur-
pose, and nobody can be condemned for dis-
obeying their process.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate has worked
hard for a day or two past. I move that we
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, after which I hope that the Senate will
adjourn. This matter must go over until to-
morrow, I suppose.
Mr. CONKLING-. I wish my honorable
friend would withdraw that motion one mo-
ment to allow me to make a suggestion to him.
A special order has been made for one o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was that?
Mr. CONlvLING. While my honorable
friend from Vermont was out, at the request
of the Senator from South Carolina, as I
understand, the amnesty bill, so called, was
made the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock. We have already fixed Thursday as
the day on which the recess is to begin, and I
wish to suggest to the honorable Senator from
Kansas that this resolution now pending, if it
is ever to be disposed of. should be disposed
of at once, and not allowed to drift so as to
consume not only the time that is to elapse
between now and the beginning of the vacation,
but to return to plague us after the holidays j
and I submit to all Senators that a number ot
occurrences have admonished us of the pro-
priety of beginning pretty soon something of
substance in which we are in earnest. Cer-
tainly there is enough to begin upon.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we shall not be
likely to dispose of this question to-day. If I
thought the Senate were ready for a vote I
would not insist upon my motion ; but I am
confident that there are other Senators who
desire to address the Senate, and as there will
be hardly time for much of an executive ses-
sion unless we proceed to it now, I renew the
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion. I think we can secure a vote
on this matter before very long, and I wish to
get it out of the way of other business. I agree
very much with the. Senator from New York.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator has any
knowledge that we can come to a vote, I will
not stand in the way. I am always ready for
a vote.
