2904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
afterward reconsidered, and again adopted by
the voles of all the States except Connecticut,
Pennsylvania, and Delaware. When the term
of office was afterward reduced to four years
the clause against ineligibility was stricken out
by nearly an unanimous vote. Sherman op-
posed the restriction to one term at every stage
of the proceedings, saying, according to the
Madison Papers, that he ''was against the
doctriue of rotation, as throwing out of office
the men best qualified to execute its duties."
"Ifhe behaves well, he will be continued; if
otherwise, displaced on a succeeding election."
He resisted the use of the word "slave," or
any admission in the Constitution that there
could be a property in man ; for he believed
in his heart that God had made of one blood
all the nations of the eaith. Though he was
too strongly imbued with the principles of
State rights to interfere with the laws of the
States upon that subject, yet he believed the
Constitution should lend it no countenance or
color of authority. His opinion of the true
construction of the clause for the rendition of
fugitives, which was never designed bv its
fratners to impose its servile work upon officers
of the national Government, may be well un-
derstood irom his language in the Convention,
"that there was no more propriety in the pub
lie seizing and surrendeiing of a slave or ser-
vant than a horse." This was hisanswer, tak-
ing those who claimed there was a property
in the service of men upon their own ground.
Madison, Pirickney, and otheis proposed that
the Supreme Court should have the power to
try all impeachments ; Sherman earnest-lyre
sisted it, claiming that this grave and delicate
duty should rest, upon no judges appointed b.
the President, but that the St.Ues themselves,
represented ami sit ting as equals in the Senate,
was the only high and legitimate tribunal for
• trials of this important character.
But the crowning work of Sherman in that
Convention, with the aid of three or four other
leading delegates, was the adoption of that
new and anomalous feature for a national
Government in tin: Constitution, the equality
of llie States in the Senate. With his deep
convictions of the necessity of preserving the
rights of the States, he had worked out the
difficult problem of a permanent union of in-
dependent States in one national Govern-
ment. He saw that to preserve the smaller
States from encroachments or absorption by
the larger, they must be equal in one of the
branches of the law-making power of the
General Government, while the other branch
should more directly represent the people of
the States, according to their greatness or
population. lie saw that a union of two
forces was necessary, by which the system of
States might move on together in one har-
rnonious whole. He saw, certainly, what all
afterward admitted, that the Constitution could
never be ratified by nine of the thirteen States
unless the smaller ones were recognized as
equals in one branch of the central Legisla-
ture ; and that the anxious work of months
would result in its rejection, and anarchy,
jealousy, and ruin would follow in swift
succession.
The larger States resisted the proposition,
claiming that the smaller States might com-
bine to rob the larger of their rightful powers ;
andthatthe same rule of representation should
apply to both branches of Congress. Virginia
resisted it; every State south of her resisted it.
Twice was it voted down ; and twice did it
seem they could never complete their work so
as to secure its ratification by a sufficient num-
ber of states. But, upon Sherman's motion,'
after its second defeat, a select committee of
one from each State was raised to consider
this vital portion of the frame-work of the Con-
stitution ; and Sherman's arguments before
that committee were so clear and convincing
that a majority at last consented to adopt that
feature in the organization of the Senate, with
a provision in the nature of a compromise,
that all bills for raising revenue should origin-
ate in the popular branch of Congress; and
the report of the two provisions was made to
the convention. Virginia and others of the
larger States still resisted. Madison claimed it
would destroy the proper foundations of Gov-
ernment to substitute an equality in place of a
proportional representation; and Randolph
called upon the Convention to adjourn, that
" the larger States might consider the steps
proper to be taken in the present solemn
crisis of the business." It was finally adopted
by a bare majority, and the great obstacle to
its ratification by the smaller States removed.
Connecticut had been ably supported in this
struggle by Patterson, of New Jersey, and
others ; but it was Sherman's prudence and
sound judgment mainly that saved the Con-
vention from splitting asunder upon this rock
of discord. In the angry strife of days over
this question he maintained his calmness;
and at just the right time, in just the right
place, with a few well-chosen words of con-
ciliation and sound argument, he convinced a
majority of the delegates of the wisdom and
necessity of this feature in the Consti'ution.
I have claimed no more for Sherman than his-
tory awards him. The records and debates
of the Convention, and all contemporary evi-
dence fully prove it. Hollister's history, in the
chapter on the Constitution of the United
States, shows clearly the great woik of Sher-
man in the framing of that instrument. Ban-
croft, not having reached this period in his
history, but writing one of the early chapters
of the revolutionary struggle, and looking for-
ward to the future years of Sherman, says of
him, that "his solid sense and powers of
clear analysis were to constitute him one of
the master builders of the Republic." And
the ablest southern statesman of this century,
John C. Calhoun, in his woll-known speech m
the Senate, in February, 1847,"has given his
full confirmation.
There was a painting of a rising sun behind
the chair of the president of the Convention.
II is related that when thelast name was about
to be signed to the Constitution, Franklin,
then past four score years, but with his eye
still undimmed, pointing to the picture and
speaking of the difficulty of artists in distin-
guishing between a rising and setting sun, said
to some ot the members :
" I have often and often, in the course of this ses-
sion, and in the vicissitude of my hopes and fears
ns to its issue, looked at that behind the president,
without being able to tell whether it was rising or
setting ; but now, at length, I have the happiness to
know that it is a rising and not a setting sun."
A rising sun I And yet how little could
those men, with all their broad statesmanship
and forecast, realize the future of that coun-
try whose sun was just rising upon their great
work. Sherman had said in debate in the
Convention, in providing in the Constitution for
the admission of new States, that the number
of new States could probably never equal or
exceed the old, and no member had been wild
enough in his imagination to predict a larger
number. Louisiana with its vast valley was
then not theirs ; the continent beyond the Mis-
sissippi was an unknown land. If the vail of
the future could have been lifted, and they
could have seen that sun at the end of one
hundred years emerged from the clouds of civil
war, and still in its ascent, as we trust, shining
upon torty States and forty millions of free-
men ; or if the end of another century could
have disclosed to them its scores of States
and a hundred millions of people, each bearing
the proud title of an American citizen, filling
up a continent from ocean to ocean, and from
the frozen lakes that fling off the glancing sun-
beams to the tropical seas where eternal sum-
mer reigns, well might, they have bowed their
faces to the earth in blinding amazement, and
prayed God to spare their aching sight the
burning glories of the vision.
The Constitution adopted, Sherman returned
home to secure its ratification by his State.
He was a member of the State convention
called in the following January for that pur-
pose, and by pen and speech did much to
make his S'ate among the first to ratify the
work in which he had borne so prominent a
part. Elected from New Haven as a mem-
ber of the first House of Representatives under
the Federal Constitution, he took a foremost
rank among the influential men of that body.
Connecticut then had one thirteenth of all
the members of the House, her average
number in the old thirteen States. The won-
derful growth of the country in less than a
century is illustrated by the fact that now she
has less than one sixtieth, and after this
Congress will have less than one seventieth
of the members. There were many amend-
ments to the Constitution proposed during
the first Congress thai were not adopted.
New York alone proposed thirty-two of them.
Sherman generally opposed them, claiming
that time should be given fur the Constitu-
tion to be fairly tested, and as defects were
discovered the remedy by amendment could
be applied.
An amendment was propo°ed, acknowledg-
ing the inalienable right of the people to in-
struct their representatives upon all questions,
in addition to the right of petition for a redress
of grievances; a practice in the British Parlia-
ment until the great Burke boldly resisted it
a few years before. While sustaining the right
of petition, Sherman strenuously opposed the
doctrine of instruction; for he believed, with
Burke, that a representative in Parliament or
Congress was elected to be a " pillar of the
State, and not a mere weather-cock on the top
of the edifice, to indicate the shiftings of every
fashionable gale." or point the way the wind
blew at home. When told that a certain bill
tor raising revenue to restore the public credit
would be unpopular with his constituents, hi,,
reply was. '• The only way for me to know it
popular opinion is m favor of a measure is
to examine whether it is right: " words that
might well be blazoned on the walls of this
Chamber, for our instruction and guidance.
He strongly supported the assumption of tne
State debts and the great financial measures
brought forward by Alexander Hamilton, the
first Secretary of the Treasury, a statesman
ot whom Webster said that "he touched the
dead corpse ot the public credit and it sprung
upon its feet."
The States had severally contracted large
debts during the war of the Revolution, some
of them m much larger proportion than others.
It was urged that the debts of the several States,
that had accrued for the common benefit and
defense of all, should be assumed by the na-
tional Government, as the new Constitution
had taken from the State authorities the right
to collect duties upon imports, upon the faith
of which the debts in a great measure had been
created. No internal taxation could meet these
obligations without ruin to several of the States.
Once adopted by a bare majority in the House,
the vote was soon after reconsidered and de-
feated by the votes of new membeis that were
not present at the first vote. An earnest and
bitter contest followed, and though justice to
creditors and public necessity alike demanded
the assumption of the State debts by the Fed-
eral Govern ment, neither the wisdom and clear
logic of Sherman nor the fiery eloquence of
Fisher Ames could save it from defeat in the
House. The plan of assumption, as originally
proposed by Sherman, was finally adopted by
the Senate before the close of the session, and
concurred in by the House after a long and
exciting struggle, and the foundations of a
national credit and a national prosperity were
established.
At the close of the First Congress Sherman"
was elected to the Senate, and after two years
service in that body, the debates of which
were not published, he died in July, 1793.
The tablet, on his tomb at New Haven speaks
of him as " mayor of the city of New Haven,
