2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the sake of the right of the minority to offer
amendments and hare votes upon theni, I
appeal to the gentleman from Connecticut to
allow them an opportunity to do so.
' Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have only to
say what I have already said, that the time I
have proposed to allow for debate is equiva-
lent to a consideration of the amendments. I
have offered everything, I think, that is fair
and reasonable.
Mr. BECK. I will not press my motion to
reconsider if any satisfactory arrangement can
bo made. All we want is a vote on the amend-
ments.
Mr. CREBS. Without any discussion.
Mr. SWANN. With reasonable ti me for
' discussion.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House refused to so into Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ACKER. [ move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. SWANN. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 80, nays 5<i. not voting 98; as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Adam?, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beveridge, Bigby, JJiges, Bird, Austin Blair,
Gcorgo iu. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Caldwell,
Cobb, Conger, Cotton, Creely, Crocker, Crossland,
Darrall, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duell, Duke, Dun-
nelLEames, Eldredge, Elliott, Charles Foster, Henry
D.!Fostor, Getz, Golladay,Goodrich,Griffith, Hanks,
Hawley, Hays, Gerry W.Hazelton, John W. Hazel-
ton, Iiooper, Kelley, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger,
Iieacb, Lowe, Maynard, McClelland, Mercur, Mer-
riam, Benjamin P. Meyers, Mitchell, Morey, Mor-
Thomas J. fapeer. Starkweather, Stevens, Stoughton,
Stoweil, Washington Townsend, Upson, Woddell,
Wakeman, Walden, "VYaidrun, Wheeler, Whiteley,
and Winchester—80.
NAYS —Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Ueatty, Beck,
Bell, Braxton, Burchard, Campbell, Coburn, Con-
ner, Crebs, Du Eose, Ely, Finkelnburg, Garfield,
Barrett, Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,.John
T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Kerr,
Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, MeCormick, Me-
lt onry, McNeely. Monroe, Niblack, Aaron F. Perry,
Poland, Potter, Read, John M. Kice, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, Sessions, Shellabarger, Sherwood. John A.
ssmith, bpragao, Storm, Swann, Terry, Tyner, Van
Iramp, Warren, Wells. Whitthorne, Willard, and
Williams ol Indiana~56.
. — ...   _ Jjreeman
Clarke, Coghlan, Commgo, Cox, Critcher, Davis,
-Dawes, l)ei Large. Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker,
Wilder IX Lostor.Frye, Haldeman, Ilalsev, ILirmer,
Harper, George 13. Harris, Havens, Hill, Hoar, Hoi-
man, Houghton, Kellogg King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, McCrary, McGrew, Melntyre,
MoJunkin. McKee, McKmney, Mcrrick, Moore,
Morgan,Leonard Myers, Negley, Packer, llosea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Eli Perry, Piatt,
S?MKr  Jlamefr Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
William E. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Seoley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, II.
Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
stevenson, fatrongr, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher,
raff®, Thomas, ©Wight Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
rwichell, Vauchan. \^oorhees, Wallace, Walls. Wil-
liams of New ¥ork, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Wood, and Young—98.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House now
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move lo ameud that
proposition so as to allow the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to take a recess alone.
I think that ought to be satisfactory to him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. I think the interests of the
country would he more advanced if the gen-
tlemanfrom Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] should
take a recess. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Thatk a question which
the gentlemen can debate iu private.
( The question being taken on the motion of
:Ir. Kerr, these were—ayes 87, noes 86.
Mr. BECK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BE ATTY. I move to amend the mo-
tion for a recess by striking out "half past
seven o'clock this evening," and inserting
" eleven o'clock to-morrow morning."
Mr. DICKEY. Why not make it eleven
o'clock to night? [Laughter.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move to amend a proposition after
the yeas and nays have been ordered upon it?
The SPEAKER. The ordering of the yeas
and nays does not affect the right of a member
to offer amendments. The first name on the
roll has not been called.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Beatty, there were—ayes forty-
one, noes not counted.
Sir. KERR. I move a call of the House.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Kerr, there were—ayes 38, noes 85.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes thirty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; -and Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Kekr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-three, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BECK. 1 move that the House now
adjourn.
The question heing taken on the motion of
Mr. Beck, there were—ayes 48, noes 79.
Mr. BECK and Mr. BEATTY called for the
yeas and nays.
Oil ordering the yeas and nays, there
were—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. BECK called for tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and Mr. Beck and
Mr. Mayjtakd were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 36, noes 3.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McNEELY. I ask to be excused 1'rom
voting on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The rules do not allow
the Chair to entertain that request.
Mr. McNEELY. Is it in order to ask to be
excused from voting on the motion for a call of
the House ?
The SPEAKER.' It is not; in the first
place, because that is not the pending ques-
tion ; and in the nest place, because the Chair
could not entertain the request.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 33, nays 127, not voting 80 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatty,
.Beck, James tr. Blair, Campbell, Cox, Davis, Du
Bose, Hambleton. Handley, John T. Harris, Hern-
don, Hibbard, Kerr, King, McCormick, Mcln-
tyre, Merrick, Niblack, Potter, Read, Edward Y.
Kice, John M. Riee, Ritchie, Slater, Slocum, Storm,
^an Trump, and Warren—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averill, Barber,
Jiarry, Bell, Beyeridge Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin
Blair, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Cobb. Coburn,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Creely, Crocker, Crossland,
Darrall, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, DunnelI.Eames, Eld-
?,eAs,e- 5ui?tt' Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Poster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay,
Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Hanks,
Ilarmer, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazeltoa* Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Ketcham, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Lowe.
Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
McGrew, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin JF. Meyers,
Mitchell, Moore. Morey. Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley. Orr Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Lh Perry, Peters, Porter, Prindle,
Randall, 141is II. .Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
bhellabaryer Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Sny-
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Taffe, Wash-
ington Townsend,Turner.Twichell, Upson, Vaughan,
^°itfkees, Waddeli Wakeman Walden, Waldron
Wells, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of
Wilson—107 s of New York> and Jeremiah M.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks. Barnum,
Bingham, Boles, Braxton, James Brooks. Benjamin
n,\haRoderlc,k P- E««er. Carroll, William T.
p •^r1^emanT^^r^6, Coghlan, Comingo, Crebs,
Lntcher, Dawes, De Large. Duell, Duke, Farnsworth
iarwell, lorker, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Hancock!
Harper. George E. Harris. Hays, Hereford, Hill'
Holman, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall, Killinger,
Kinsella, Leach, McCrary, McHenry, McJunkin,
McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Monroe, Morgan,
Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Piatt. Poland, Price. Rainey, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Rusk, Seeley, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Sprague, Stevens. Strong. St. John. Sutherland,
Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner,
Wallace, Walls, Whiteley, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—80.
So the House refused to adjourn. .
message from the senate. .
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympsox, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that that body had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the House without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 712) granting a pension
to William H. Bridges; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1024) for the relief of
Thomas B. Valentine.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 497) granting a pen-
sion to Frederick A. Garlick, of Cortland
county, New York, with an amendment, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
It further annnounced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles; in which
; the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 829) granting the Fort Kear-
ney military reservation to the State of Ne-
braska for the use and benefit of the Nebraska
State Deaf, Dumb, and Insane Asylums; and
A bill (S. No. 07) for the relief of pur-
chasers of lots and house lots sold by virtue
of an act of Congress entitled " An act for the
sale of the lands, tenements, and water privi-
leges belonging to the United States at and'
near Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jeffer-
son, West Virginia, approved December 15,
1868." .
AMENDMENT OP TEH KULES.
Mr. McCRARY. 1 ask unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution for refer-
ence to the Committee on Rules.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the following be added-to the
rules of the House :
The previous Question shall not foe ordered upon
''i11 n i or resolution upon which any five members
shall demand the right to debate until such time as
may be demanded by five members, not exceeding
two hours, shall have been consumed in debate. Nor
shall the previous question be ordered upon any bill
or resolution to which any member demands the
right to propose an amendment, until an^pportunity
has been afforded to propose at least two amend-
ments thereto. After the previous question shall
nave been ordered upon any bill or resolution, no
dilatory motion shall be in order except one motion
to adjourn.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 object.
james f. casey.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2118) for the relief
of James F. Casey, collector of customs for
tne port of New Orleans; which was read a
brst and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
soldiers' and sailors' homesteads.
Mr..HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which, under
the law, was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of Senate bili
HI, to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
w^ows and orphans, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands, and which passed this
theUHouse instant, be printed for the uie of
baltimore and potomac railroad
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr, j that there be a call of the House,
011 which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
_ Ihe question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 123, not voting
o0; as follows :
T! J,E4S-'T?I<^srs- Archer, Arthur. Beatty, Beck,
tv, kCampbell, Coghlan. Crossland, Davis,
Du Bose. Duke, jbly, Wilder D. Foster, Hambleton,
