164
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Senate.
The Tariff —Mr. Johnston.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
a dollar a day, the result is that under one
system I get a pair of shoes for a single day's
labor, and under the other I have to work two
days in order to get a pair of shoes. The wages
of mechanics and agricultural laborers do not
depend upon the manufacturer ; they depend
upon other causes. The hired man of a farmer
gets what the farmer can afford to give him,
regulated by what the farmer gets for his pro-
duce. If the farmer is compelled to sell his
produce low, he cannot afford to give his hired
man big wages. Those who work for the agri-
cultural community have to work at wages regu-
lated by the value of agricultural products, not
by that of manufactured products.
The wages of the hired laborer of the agri-
cultural interest depend on different causes
and different reasons from the wages of the
hired man of the manufacturing interest. On
the contrary, while his wages are regulated by
what the farmer can get for corn, wheat, and
other agricultural products, the price that he
has to pay for everything that he buys is regu-
lated by what the manufacturer can get for it.
If you so legislate as to enable the manufac-
turer to get high prices for all the articles he
makes, shoes and cottons and everything else,
while the laboring man on a farm is obliged
to take low wages, then you affect him seriously
in two ways: first, by legislating against the
general interest that he is connected with; and,
in the next place, by compelling him to give a
big price for everything he has to buy of the
necessaries of life. He gets, say, fifty cents a
day, all that the farmer can afford to give him.
The manufacturer sells him a pair of shoes or
a coat at almost one hundred per cent, addi-
tion to the charge that it might have been made
for. That man, therefore, is injured in two
ways: by the attack on the interest which he
represents, and by the high prices of the
articles he is obliged to buy.
If this protective principleis good, it is good
carried out to its fullest extent. I believe we
make in this country about two million tons
of iron annually. We import probably half a
million tons. Suppose we prohibited the im-
portation of foreign iron and thus had to rely
entirely upon the home production, what would
be the first effect? One quarter of the supply
would be cut off and the immediate result would
be to raise prices. Whenever it was known that
no more English iron came to this country,
would not every holder in the United States
immediately put up the price? The demand
would be so great that at once there would be
an immense rise in the price of the article.
That article has to be used not only for ordin-
ary purposes, but for railroad purposes and
supplying machinery. The iron produced at
home is not more than enough tor our agri-
cultural interests and carrying on the every-
day ordinary business of life. If the foreign
supply was cut off, which is enough to furnish
what we need for machinery and railroads,
then, as a matter of course, those industries
would have to stop; we could only for the
present supply the every-day demand for iron
in the ordinary occupations of life; we should
have to wait and let our operations increase
until we could make enough iron for furnishing
railroads and machinery. In the meantime
these great industries stop, are not prosecuted.
I do not know whether the Senator from Penn-
sylvania with all the arithmetic he possesses
would be able to calculate how high iron would
go and what would be the profits of the iron
manufacturers under that state of things. If
the importation of foreign iron be stopped can
any man calculate how much the iron manu-
facturers of this country would make out of
the industries of the people of the United
States, and what a disastrous effect it would
have upon our railroad system, upon our
machinery, and upon every great interest ?
This protective system tends to produce
what are known as agrarianism and commun-
ism. Bring one man in contact with five hun-
dred and their families; let that one man
employ those five hundred directly and pay
them wages; the whole five hundred only get
wages upon which they and their familes can
barely subsist, and this one man gets rich in
their sight day after day. Every day adds to
his wealth. His operatives see it. They see
that while they barely live he is accumulating
vast sums of money from their labor. What
is the natural effect of that? The natural
effect is to produce discontent, to make those
five hundred men inclined to some system by
which that wealth which he possesses will be
divided outamongthe community. Agrarian-
ism and communism are at once taken into
the minds of those five hundred operatives.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia permit me to answer the question he put
a moment ago?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator asked me for
an arithmetical computation of how high
the price of iron would go in case importations
were stopped. I will simply state to him a
fact so as to give him the data for making his
own calculations. Since the duty on pig iron
has been reduced two dollars per ton the price
of all iron, that which has been made in this
country and that which has been imported,
has gone up eight dollars per ton.- That will
furnish the Senator data for computing the
benefit which would be derived from the
system he is now advocating. As to his last
remark about the effect of the prosperity of
the proprietor upon the operatives about him,
I will state another fact, that the head of a
large iron establishment at Phcenixville, Penn-
sylvania, stated before the Committee on
Finance within the last three weeks that the
operatives in his establishment had upon de-
posit ijpl30,000 at six per cent, interest.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The price of an article
does not, of course, depend exclusively upon
the duty. Supply and demand and many
other causes are elements of price. If only
two dollars a ton were taken from the duty,
and the price, as the Senator states, increased
eight dollars a ton, then the cause is inade-
quate to such an effect, and the price must
have been affected by other causes. It has
been the habit of those who advocate the pro-
tective policy to decry " free-trade England "
and what they call her "pauper labor," and
yet the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fke-
linghuysen] in his remarks to-day,-while he
was doing this very thing, as I understood him,
asked us to take a lesson in statesmanship
from England. If we are to look to that
country for a lesson, let us see what lesson
that country really teaches us. Let us look
at her example, see what she has done, what
she is now doing, what is the system under
which she has obtained a degree of commer-
cial prosperity and supremacy never before
known to exist in any country. If we are to
profit by her statesmanship, let us see what
her statesmanship has been and what it is
now.
Sir, I believe there is not now in England
anything like a protection party. As far as I
know the politics ofthatcountry, the free-trade
policy is acquiesced in by every party and by
every public man in the nation; I know of
none to the contrary. Its benefits since its
adoption have been so manifest, it has in-
creased so greatly the prosperity and the wealth
of that country, that the astonishing spectacle
is witnessed of all parties acquiescing in it and
nobody in the nation desiring to change it. If,
therefore, we are to iollow the statesmanship
of England, let us follow it in the respect in
which it has been so eminently successful as to
bring about a unanimity never before seen in
any great nation on any important question.
What is the system of Great Britain? Up
to 1842 the corn laws were in force, and Eng-
land had a protective tariff. But, that year
the question was agitated in England and con-
tinued to be agitated down t,o 1849 when the
present policy of England was finally adopted,
and the corn laws were abolished. If we
look at the condition of England before that
time and since, we can form a very good esti-
mate of the comparative merits ot the policy
she adopted before and the policy she now
lives under. If she is more prosperous, if
she is richer, if she advances more rapidly in
wealth now than she did then, what can we
attribute it to except to the change of her
system ? And it' her great industries are more
prosperous than ours, what reason have we to
suppose that it is not entirely owing to that
difference of system ?
All the conditions are in favor of this coun-
try. There is every reason why we should
outstrip Great Britain in everything. There
is nothing whatever in which we ought not to
be her superior. We have a new country.
We have unexampled wealth ot soil. We
have an immense extent of area. Our agri-
cultural interests ought to be flourishing. We
have timber in abundance, and our ship-build-
ing interests ought to flourish. We have iron
ore all over the country, and our coal is al-
most on the surtace of the earth, while in
England they have to go one thousand, fif-
teen hundred, two thousand feet or more into
the bowels of the earth to get their coal.
Here, in addition, we have immigration from
every quarter of the world almost. Ourpopula.-
tion is not only increasing in the natural ratio
in which a healthy country should increase,
but it is increasing in a manner unknown be-
fore in the history of the world, by immigra-
tion from Europe and Asia both. England,
on the contrary, is losing population. There
is emigration from her continually to Austra-
lia, to New Zealand, to Canada, to this country.
These being the conditions, ought not the
United States to excel England in everything
relating to the material interests of the nation?
And yet how do we find the facts ? If we do
not outstrip her, what is the reason? Can
there be any other except that the system of
taxation which we have adopted is not so good
as that adopted by England ? Can anybody
give any other reason for it ? There is no other
explanation. If we are inferior to England
in these respects, having the greater natural
advantages we have, it must be because her
system is better than ours, and for no other
reason. Now, what is her system ?
In 1849 she abolished the corn laws and
allowed corn to come in free. Having had a
tariff on seven or eight hundred articles, she
cut it down until it extended to only twelve or
fifteen, or some very small number. She does
not tax the articles she makes. It is foreign
products upon which she derives her revenue,
tea, coffee, sugar, tobacco, spirits, silk, and
things of that sort; generally things nor, made
in England. There are a few articles pro-
duced in England on which duties are paid,
such as ale, beer, and some breadstuff's per-
haps. She admits cotton tree, wool free, iron
free, coal free, and so does she nearly every-
thing she uses, and on the use of which her
prosperity is based.
On the other hand, we exact heavy duties on
those very things that England admits free.
Now let us see the relative condition of the
two countries, and which is best off. In addi-
tion to the difference of policy existing we
seem to be contented with a home market.
Our system is not to have any foreign market
at all. Our system is to increase the cost of
production so that we cannot have a foreign
