1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
and the Senator from New York is entitled to
the floor it' the Senator from Massachusetts
demands that the usage of the Senate shall be
strictly maintained.
Mr. SUMNER. There is where I stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the yeas and
nays have been ordered simply on the amend-
ment, which is the precise point now before
the Senate; and the Senator from New York
is entitled to the floor. Several Senators ask
him to yield to morning business.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Chair hold that
it is not in order now to demand the yeas and
nays on the resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bythe usage of
the Senate it is not, though if no objection
were made they could be demanded on all
three propositions, as the Senator from New
York has done, and also for a division of the
various clauses of the preamble, and the yeas
and nays upon each particular clause ; but by
the usage of the Senate the yeas and nays can
be demanded, as matter of right, only upon
that question which is the first question to be
decided by the Senate; that is, the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Now 1 wish to be heard
briefly on this proposition, but I am quite
willing to yield to morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive morning business.
KKl'OUTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. MOIiLtILL, of Vermont, from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 153!))
to provide ior a building tor the use of the post
office, custom-house, pension office, United
States circuit and district courts, and internal
revenue oflices, at Hartford, Connecticut, re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 1540) to au-
thorize the purchase of a site for a public
building at Cincinnati, Ohio, reported n with-
out amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. It. No. 1538) for the
construction of an addition to the United Siates
cout't-hou>.e and post office building in Indian-
apolis, Indiana, and for the puichase of addi-
tional ground adjoining the site of said build-
ing, reported it without amendment.
lie aho, Irom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (LI. It. No. 153-1) to au-
thorize the construction of a lire-proof build-
ing at Albany, New York, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was rolerted the bill (8. No. 12) to provide
for a building for the use of the post oflice,
custom house, pension office, United States
eiieuit and district courts, and internal rev-
enue offices at Hart lord, Connecticut, reported
it adversely, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
lie also, Irom the same committee, to whom
was leferred the bill (S. No. 422) to provide
for a budding for the use of the post office,
custom house, United States eiieuit and dis-
trict courts, and internal revenue offices at
Hartfoid, Connecticut, reported it adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
v;as agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of the Legislature of Alabama,
asked a grant of public lands to aid in the
construction of the Mobile and Northwestern
railroad, asking to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affaiis, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 428) for the relief of set.tiers on the
Osage lands in the State of Kansas, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from tiio Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the hill
(S. No. 002) to perfect navigation on the Mis-
sissippi river, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of J. Ross
Browne, late minister to China, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 579) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United States steamer Kearsarge,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
REPORT ON EMIGRATION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a concurrent resolution from the House of
Representatives to print additional copie3 of
the report of the Bureau of Statistics on the
subject of emigration, to report it without
amendment, and I ask its present consider-
ation.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved hy the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) Thatfourteen thousand extracopies
of the report of the chief of tho Uureau of Statis-
tics on the subject of emigration, with tho accom-
panying papers, bo printed, two thousand^ copies for
the use of the House, one thousand copies for the
u^e of the Senate, one thousand copies bound in
paper covers for the use of the Trensury Department,
and ten thousand copies for distribution in Europe
hy tho Treasury Department.
PISI1KKIES REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Senate to print additional
copies of thereport of the commissioner of the
fisheries, to report it back without amendment,
and ask its present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Rexnhed by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That five thousand extra copies
ofthc report'of the commissioner of fish and fish-
eries be printed, fifteen hundred for the u«e of the
■Senate, three thousand for the use of the llouse of
Representatives, and live hundred for the use of the
commissioner.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Claims:
The bill (II. It. No. 114) for the relief of
the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey
M. Woodyard, late of the twenty-lirst Mis-
souri infantry;
The bill (FI. R. No. 528) for the relief of
Augustine Bacon;
The bill (LI. it. No. 535) for the relief of
Asa M. Trimble;
'The bill (II R. No. 752) to apjiropriate to
Henry (May Williams a sum of money found
due him in the adjustment of bis accounts ;
The bill (II. Li. No. 1228) for the relief of
R. Nelson Gere;
The bill (II. R. No. 1262) for the relief of
Charles Hipp, of St. Mary, Auglaize county,
Ohio;
The bill (II. R. No. 1544") for the relief of
Martin Watkms, of East Windsor, Connecti-
cut;
The bill (H. It. No. 1546) for the relief of
George H. Rupp;
The bill (H. It. No. 692) for the relief of
Daniel M. Page, late first lieutenant of the
thirty-eighth United States infantry;
The bill (II. It. No. 1547) for the relief of
Henry A. Messenger ;
The bill (H. R. No.
John S. Waters;
The bill (H. R. No. 1549) for the relief of
Jacob H. Kla;
The bi*U (H. R. No. 1550) forthe relief of
the estate ol Dr. John F. Hanks; and
The bill (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of
S. B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, and John
W. Mitchell.
. 1548) for the relief of
The bill (H. It. No, 1552) in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on tlie District of
Columbia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
657) relating to the overland mails; which waa
read twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. That bill authorizes the Post-
master General to provide for the transmission
of the mails in cases of delay by snow block-
ade, and I ask that it lie on the table for the
present, and be printed.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 658) for the relief of George McDougall;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 659) relative to the entry and clearance
of ferry-boats and of bonded cars passing from
one State to another through foreign contigu-
ous territory; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 6G0)
forthe protection of the seal fisheries in Alaska,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. (iGl)
to extend the tune for the completion of a mili-
tary road from Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor,
in the State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, in
the State of Wisconsin; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Commit tee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 662) authorizing the construction of a
railway bridge across the Ohio river at Mount
Vernon, Indiana; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 663)
forthe relief of David L. YV light, late captain
company E, fifty-first regiment Indiana volun-
teers ; which was read twice by its title, refei red
to the Committee on Claims, aud oidered to
be printed.
Mr. YY'RIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 661) to provide for the erection of a
public building at Keokuk, Iowa, tor the use
ol the United States courts and Government
offices; which was read twice by its liile,
referred to the Committee.on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be piinted.
Mr. YVINDOM asked,, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 665) to extend the time of payment tor
their lands by persons holding preemption on
the public lands in the State of Minnesota;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WES1' asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
066) for the relief of Clarissa Bishop, of New
Orleans, Louisiana; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 607) for the relief of Elijah J. Woolum, of
Cross Piams, in the State of Alabama; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
