1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2905
and Senator of the United States," the two
offices he held at the time of his death.
The great men who were associated with
Sherman have left on record their estimate of
his ability and distinguished services. John
Adams, long after the death of Sherman, wrote
of him that he had the clearest head and
the steadiest heart," and that he was " one of
the boundest and strongest pillars of the Revo-
lution." Jefferson wrote of him that "he
was a very able and logical debater, steady in
the principles of the Revolution, always at the
post of duty."
His purity and iiftegrityas a public man and
as a private citizen were equally eminent. His
strongest opponents never failed to recognize
those high qualities in his character. He would
do right though the heavens fell. And it is
not. known that a word of slander was ever
spoken of'him. Washington could not escape
the fiercest and most atrocious libels and abuse.
Trumbull's sensitive spirit was wounded by
bitter and calumnious charges against his
honesty and his patriotism near the close of
the war; but an indignant people fully vindi-
cated their tair fame. It was Sherman's sin-
gular fortune to escape even the breath of
calumny, and he walked through the fiery
furnace of political life for forty years without
so much as the smell of fire upon his garments.
I have said that Trumbull was fortunate in
his children ; the same may be said of Sher-
man. With a good old patriarchal family of
fifteen children, he found time in all his pub-
lic employments to care well for their good
training and instruction. He devoted the earn-
ings of a life of industry to give them a thor-
ough education, and to raise them to a con-
dition better than his .own had been in early
life. Nor did his liberality in this respect
stop with his own children. A nephew, edu-
cated by him, Roger Minott Sherman, was
long one of the first lawyers in the land. Four
of Roger Sherman's daughters married four
such men as Judge Simeon Baldwin, Jeremiah
Evarts, Samuel Hoar, and President Day of
Yale College. His descendants have stood m
the ftont, rank of the learned professions.
One of tiiem now represents the United States
among the eminent counsel for the Geneva
conference. More than one of them have
been in the Cabinet; they have been in the
Senate; they have been in this House ; and,
if the gentleman will pardon the allusion,
there sits near me now, as a member of this
House, a grandson of Roger Sherman, whose
earnest zeal and eloquence on this floor in
behalf of universal education and good gov-
ernment is worthy of his honored ancestry.
I should omit the chief and crowning ele-
ment of greatness in the character of these two
men if L did not speak of their devotion and
faith in the Christian religion. Unlike the
fallen cardinal, they served their God with all
the zeai they served their country. They had
all the blessings the poet says should accom-
pany old age:
" As honor, love, obedience, troops of friends."
But they had what was higher and better—
the recollections of a long life devoted to the
discharge of every religious duty. Both were
earnest Christians from their youth up ; both
were also well read in the whole science of
theology. Trumbull, as I have said, had
studied for that profession in his youth ; and
he wrote sermons after he laid off the cares of
office in his old age. Sherman, with his thirst
for all good knowledge, had studied thoroughly
the doctrines of revealed religion and the
writings of the ablest divines. Never were
truer words spoken on such an occasion than
those of Trumbull's pastor at his funeral, that
''his chief glory ariseth from his truly reli-
gious and pious character." " Know ye not,"
said Itev. Jonathan Edwards, with equal truth
concerning Sherman, using the words of David
concerning Abner, " know ye not that there
is a great man fallen this day in Israel."
Trumbull and Sherman! Gratefully and
gladly their State presents you two such bright
exemplars in her history. It was a conception
of almost poetic beauty, enacted into the dry
details of an appropriation bill, that set apart
that Hall for the statues of two' of the illustri-
ous dead of each Slate. There let their stat-
ues stand, mute yet eloquent, surrounded by
the representative statues of all the States of
the Union—a senate in marble of heroes and
of statesmen, in that grand old Hall which for
nearly half a century rang with the eloquence
of the ablest orators in the land ; where echoes
of the voices of Clay and of Corwin, of
Webster and John Quincy Adams, still linger
among its columns and arches. There let
their statues stand forever! Though their
lips are silent, they yet speak to us with a
voice of authority as from the skies, enjoining
us to preserve and maintain the blessed insti-
tutions of liberty and a free Government, which
each of them gave the best years of a long life
to establish and defend. And while American
liberty shall survive; while Massachusetts with
her wealth of great names shall honor the
memory of her Hancock and her Adams; while
Virginia shall remember to her undying glory
that her soil contains the dust of her Wash-
ington and her Jefferson, the names of Trum-
bull and Sherman shall hold the same proud
eminence, and be honored and cherished as
household words in the hearts and by the
hearthstones of the people of Connecticut.
The SPEAKER. The question is on con-
curring with the Senate in the adoption of the
resolutions.
The resolutions were concurred in unani-
mously.
bridge across the arkansas river.
Mr. HAMBLETON presented the following
conference report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 245) enti-
tled " An act amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas river,"
having met, afler full and free- conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the first and second amendments of the House, and
agree to the same.
That the House of Rex>resentatives recede from
theirthird amendment.
THOMAS COLES,
SAMUEL 11AMBLETON,
Manager.-; on the Tiart of the House.
7. CHANDLER.
«.F. EDMUNDS,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the par to the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
sales op lands for taxes.
Mr. VAUGHAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2619) to relieve
certain persons against sales of their lands
for direct taxes in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts ; which was read a first, and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
supreme court op the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2620) relating to
the supreme court of the District, of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District, of
Columbia, and ordered to he printed.
entry of homesteads, etc.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2621) relating to
the entry of homesteads and preemptions in
the mining States and Territories ; which was
read a first and second time, relerred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining, and ordered
to be printed.
george s fisiiell.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs the bill (H. R. No. 2100) to reimburse
George S. Fisher for losses sustained by the
burning of the consulate belonging to the
United States at Kanagawa, Japan, Novem-
ber 26, I860, and moved that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
james de long.
Mr. L. MYERS also, from the same commit-
tee, by unanimous consent, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 2622) for the relief of James De Long,
late consul at Aux Cayes, Hayti; wbich was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
wharf at new orleans.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, presented a letter from the Secretary
of War, communicating, in compliance with
Senate resolution of March 8, 1872, informa-
tion in relation to the wharf or river frontage
used by the United States at New Orleans,
and moved that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. DOX obtained leave of absence for ten
days;
Mr. HANCOCK obtained leave of absence
for five days ;
Mr. SHOBER obtained leave of absence for
ten days;
Mr. WARREN obtained leave of absence
for one week;
Mr. MANSON obtained leave of absence
for two weeks;
Mr. WELLS obtained leave of absence for
ten days; and
Mr. BIGBY obtained leave of absence for
an indefinite period.
edward ball.
On motion of Mr. BIRD, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Edward Ball.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR : The petition of William
Paul, W. T. Asbury, James M. Clark, W. E.
Harding, L. C. Holmes, and 62 others; of
Jolm B. Hamilton, John Barrett. John Ash-
brook, and 42 others; of A. J. Ashcroft.
Aaron Linville, A. M. Prattler, J. J. Curran,
and 46 others, growers and dealers in leaf
tobacco iu the county of Harrison. Kentucky,
protesting against any advance in the present
tax on smoking tobacco, &c.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Jennings &
White, S. J. & V. M. Pepper, J. E. French &
Son, J. S. Pepper, Whipps & Brother, Hiram
Baker, and Frazee & Son, citizens of Mason
counly, Kentucky, protesting against any ad-
vance on smoking tobacco, etc.
By Mr. BUCKLEY : The petition of William
R. Kelly, a citizen of Alabama, asking the
removal of his political disability imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Sylvester
Bartlettand others, asking for change of mail
rouie in Ritchie county, West Virginia.
By Mr. DUKE: 1 lie petnion of Thomas
Whitehead, of Virginia, asking lor the removal
of his political disabilities.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of E.'C. Covert and 84 others, asking the
restoration of certain public lands to market.
Also, the petition of the board of supervisors
of Muskegon county, Michigan, asking the
restoration of certain public lands to market.
