1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3801
charged to tliis fund on the recommenda-
tion or suggestion of the Navy Department.
This Freeman was found by Admiral Farra-
gut at New Orleans with his vessel. His
vessel was taken by Admiral Farragut into the
service, and this man was made his first pilot.
I have here two original letters from Admiral
Farragut, commending this man in the high-
est terms. 1 have here proof of the value of
the vessel. There can be no question as to
the value of the property taken or the obli-
gation on the part of the United States to
vote 
Mr. DICKEY. I only inquired as to the
unusual form of the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a report in
this case I hope it will be read.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. There is no writ-
ten report. But the whole case is this: the ves-
sel was taken by Admiral Farragut; it was
proved to have been worih $6,000. The whole
proof is before us; there is no sort of question
about the propriety of the claim.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I will say that in con-
nection with other members of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs I examined this bill, and
came to the conclusion tbat it was a very de-
serving and honest claim, and one that should
be paid.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not oppose this bill.
I only thought it was an unusual mode of
making an appropriation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
frederick e. upton.
Mr. STARKWEATHER also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (U. R. No.
2870) to authorize the President to appoint
Frederick E. Upton, of Bath, Maine, a mas-
ter in the Navy of the United States; which
was read a first, and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President to appoint Frederick E. Upton,
of Bath, Maine, a master in the United States
Navy, with the grade in his rank that he held
at the date of leaving the service.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask for some explanation
of this bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The facts in the
case are these: this young man, of great
promise, was called home, as he supposed, to
the death bed of his lather, who was ill of
consumption. During his absence he was
dropped from the Navy. He now wishes
merely to be restored to his old place. All
the testimony shows that he was a young man
of remarkable promise, faithfully performing
his duty, and that there was no complaint
against him. Tbe Navy Department recom-
mends that he be restored to his former posi-
tion.
Tbe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, ana passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and hiso moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admiral and ticis admiral.
Mr. HAY'S, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2871) to
abolish the grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral
in the Navy of the United States; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Tbe bill, which was read, provides that va-
cancies occurring in the grades of Admiral and
Vice Admiral in theNavyof the UuitedStates
shall not be filled by promotion or in any other
manner whatever, and that when the offices of
said grades shall become vacant the grades
shall cease to exist.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a very excellent
bill, and I hope it will pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAYS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
retired list.
Mr. HAYS also, from the same committee,
reported abill authorizing the nomination and
appointment to the retired list of the Navy of
certain volunteers on the active list of the
Navy who are disabled in consequence of
wounds received during the late war; which
was read a first and second time.
" The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States be, and is there-
by, authorized to nominate, and, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to ap-
point upon the retired list of the Navy, with
the rank of master, John Swanson, a mate
who has been in the naval service for nearly
twenty years, and who was disabled in the line
of bis duty ; and Louis Ii. Chester, who was
disabled in the attack upon Fort Fisher, while
an acting ensign in the Navy.
Mr. ARCHER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama report this as an original bill, or does
he propose to take up the House bill from the
Speaker's table and concur in the amendment
of the Senate?
Mr. HAYS. I will not report an original
bill, but will withdraw it, and will ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
a bill (H. R. No. 2033) authorizing the nomi-
nation and appointment to the retired list of
the Navy of certain volunteers on the active list
of the Navy who are disabled in consequence
of wounds received during the late war, and
that the amendment of the Senate .be con-
curred in.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States be, and is
thereby, authorized to nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint, upon the retired list of the Navy,
with the rank of master, L. R. Chester, form-
erly an acting ensign in the Navy.
The amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
Strike out these words:
L. R. Chester, formerly an acting ensign in the
Navy.
A nd in lieu thereof insert the following:
J olin Swanson, a mate, who has been in the naval
service lor nearly twenty years, and who was dis-
abled in the line of his duty ; and Louis It. Chester,
who wys disabled in the attack upon Fort Fisher,
while an acting ensign in the Navy.
Mr. HAYS. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. ARCHER. I object, because the case
of one of tbe gentlemen named in that bill
has not been considered by the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I move that it be recommitted
to the Committee on Naval Affairs and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HAYS. I am willing to agree to that
motion.
The bill, with the Senate amendment,, was
taken from the Speaker's table by unanimous
consent, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
d. j. draper.
Mr. HAYS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, also reported abill (H. R, No. 2872)
to authorize the appointment of D. J. Draper
an assistant surgeon in the Navy of the United
States, which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States be, and is thereby
authorized, if in his opinion the goodof the
service will be promoted thereby, to promote
D. J. Draper an assistant surgeon in the Navy
of the U nited States, to take rank at. the foot
of the list of assistant surgeons, and to receive
pay only from the date of his-appointment.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not see why we should
legislate to authorize the appointment of D.t J.
Draper, when the President of the -United
States has authority now to make appoint-
ments of surgeons in the Navy.
Mr. HAYS. Only withiji certain limits. This
gentleman was once an assistant surgeon in the
Navy of the United States, and he was dis-
missed from the Navy on account of having
gone with a prisoner during the war to the
city of Baltimore. While there be was arrested
with the prisoner and put in prison. He was
there, however, under a leave of absence from
Lieutenant Commander Calhoun. He went to
Baltimore for the purpose of visiting some
friends there. He was dismissed from the
Navy without ever having been tried by a
court martial. He never has had his matter
adjusted before any tribunal or any court-
martial. He was dismissed by an order of
Secretary Welles. He now comes before Con-
gress and asks that he may be restored,at-the
foot of the list of assistant surgeons. I hope
there will be no objection to the passage of
the bill.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
to antagonize this bill reported by the gentle-
man from Alabama from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, but I feel it to be my duty to
do so. In the first place, I think it is a wrong
principle for this House to make recommenda-
tions to the President of tbe United States to
make appointments to positions in the Navy;
but my objection extends further than that in
this case. The gentleman recommended for
appointment in this case was dismissed by the
late Secretary of the Navy, and that dismissal
was afterward withdrawn, and he was allowed
to tender his resignation, which was accepted.
His first application was to be restored
to his original position upon the list ofsurgeons;
and by the construction which is given to the
laws granting pay to officers so restored, he
would have drawn from the Treasury of the
United States $13,500. It is true that this
bill 
Mr. HAYS. This bill does not propose to
give him one dollar.
Mr. ARCHER. It is true that this bill pro-
vides against that. But I know, Mr. Speaker,
how these bills are followed tip. Time and
again officers come and ask for restoration ;
they say that they will be perfectly satisfied if
they can only get back into the Navy or the
Army. The bill is passed, and a very short
time afterward they come here and say that
the fact that they were restored proved that
injustice had been done them, and they suc-
ceed in getting their back pay granted them.
That has been done time and again.
Mr. HAYS. How is that possible in this
case, when the bill expressly provides
against it ?
Mr. ARCHER. It will be done, as such
things have been done before, by another act
of Congress, when we shall have passed away.
But I would say further, Mr. Speaker, in
regard to this case that this man, acting as a
] surgeon in the United States Navy, went with
] a blockade runner from Philadelphia to Balti-
more at the expense of the blockade-runner,
and he was arrested there by tbe provost mar-
shal and imprisoned. Those are the facts in
this case.
Mr. HAY'S. Did he not have leave from
his commanding officer to go there with the
prisoner?
Mr. ARCHER. No; sir. The grand diffi-
culty in his ease was that he had permission
to go to Philadelphia, but against express or-
ders he went beyond the city of Philadelphia
and went ou to Baltimore.
