1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 6G8) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of E. M. Seabrook of South Carolina ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY (by request) asked, and by
unanimousconsent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. G09) to charter a railroad and
telegraph company, and grant the right of
way through the public lands for the same;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 070) for the relief of Benjamin W.
Reynolds; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee oa Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No 071) to authorize the West Wisconsin
Railway Company to keep up and maintain a
biidue for railway purposes across Lake St.
Croix, at the city of Hudson, in the State of
Wisconsin; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 672)
for the relief of Abbott L. Hodge, the son, and
Amelia S. Hodge, now Mrs. George Packard,
formerly widow of Nelierniah Hodge, deceased ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 673)
granting the right of way through the public
lands to the Green Bay and Supetior Railway
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
marine hospital service.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to forward to the Senate the report of the
supervising surgeon of the United States Marinehos-
jiiinl service. showing the operntionsot said service
during the six months ending December 31,1871.
moneys duu to states.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following
resolution:
lietolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury is
.hereby directed to inform the Senate what amount
is due to any of the States lately in insurrection
under the provisions of the twelfth section ot the
act of Congress approved June 7,1802, entitled "Ail
act for the collection of direct taxes in insurrection-
ary districts within the United States, and for other
purposes;" nNo whether any, and it* so, what amount
ii.is been p.iul to any of said Statesunder and in
accordance with the provisions of said act or other
acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that the reso-
lution ought also to ask the Secretary to
inform us what amounts are due to any of
these States under the direct tax which has
not been paid.
Mr. SAWYER. That information is already
in possession of the Senate by resolution call-
ing for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yery well.
The resolution was agreed to.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. PRATT. I move that Dr. Marcus L.
Reynolds be allowed to withdraw from the files
of the Senate his memorial and papers. Be-
fore action is had by the Senate on this motion,
I desire to say that his claim against the Gov-
ernment was referred to the Committee on
Claims, and was considered by that committee
during the second or third session of the Forty-
First Congress. There was a great diversity
of views in relation to his claim. The majority
reported against it, but the minority were
allowed to express.their.views, which were
printed by order of the Senate, and by consent
of the committee the case went upon the Cal-
endar for discussion in open Senate. He de-
sires to withdraw from the files of the Senate
his papers for T.he purpose of prosecuting his
claim before the southern claims commission.
I have thought it proper to state the circum-
stances of the case in order that the Senate
may act advisedly upon my motion. I was
one of the minority that thought Dr. Reynolds
was fairly entitled to compensation for his
property taken by the military authorities
during the war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana has fully stated the reason for the
withdrawal of the papers of Dr. Marcus L.
Reynolds, in which case there appears to have
been a majority and minority report. If there
be no objection, the papers will be withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall object, unless
copies be taken by the Secretary for our pro-
tection.
Mr. PllATT. There is no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made, in connection with the order for the
withdrawal of the papers.
sales of arms to french agents.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Sumner, on the
12th instant, to raise a select committee to in-
quire into the circumstances of certain sales
of artns and ordnance stores.
Mr. CONK LING addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SCHURZ obtained the floor.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. Will the
Senator give way for a motion for an executive
session?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
executive session.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and, after fifty-
five minutes spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened, and (at four o'clockand
fifty-live minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 19, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
three minutes after twelve o'clock.
shawnee lands.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1554) to repeal section fourteen of an act enti-
tled ''An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending J une 30, 1871, and for other purposes
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
malinda clifford.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced a bill (H. R No. 1555) granting a pen-
sion to Malinda Clifford; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
peter gratten.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1556) granting a
pension to Peter Gratten; which was read a
first and second time, with the accompanying
papers referred to tho Committeo ou Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to bo printed.
prize money for steamer bienville.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1557) authorizing the pay-
ment of prize money to the officers and crew
of the United States steamer Bienville ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
jesse is. peyton.
Mi. KELLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1558) for the relief of Jesse E. Peyton ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
william o. barnalld.
Mr. GRIFFITH introduced a hill (H. R.
No. 1559) for the relief of William G. Barn-
ard, late a clerk in the custom-house in the
city of New York ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
retired officers of the army.
Mr. GRIFFITH also introduced a bill (II.
It. No. 1560) for the relief of the officers of
the United States retired from active service;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
lieutenant oliver lumpiirey.
Mr. SHERWOOD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1561) to place Lieutenant. Oliver Lttni-
phrey upon the retired list of the Army;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
captain bric14 x. blair.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1502) for the relief of Captain
Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Huntingdon,
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
clothing allowance in the navy.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1503) providing for an outfit and yearly
allowance of clothing to enlisted men and boys
in the Navy; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Gommittee on Naval
Affairs, aud ordered to be printed.
joiin f. trout.
Mr. SHERWOOD introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 99) for the relief of First
Lieutenant John F. Trout, United States
Army ; which was read a fir t and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
william f. barker.
Mr. CARROLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1504) fur the relief of William F. Barker,
postmaster at Northville, Fulton county, New
York ; which was read a first and second lime,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
crimes against the united status.
Mr. WAKEMAN introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1505) to amend an act entitled l,An act
more effectually to provide for the punishment
of cei-tain crimes against the United States;"
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
fort of entry, etc., albany, new york.
Mr. PERRY, of New York, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 16C6) to create a port of entry
and delivery at Albany, New York; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to-be
printed.
