1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
Hancock, Hondley, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,
Kerr, King, Manson, Mclntyre, Merrick, Nib-
tnck, Peek, Potter. Read, Edward Y. Bice, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Slater, Storm, Swann, Terry, and
Turner—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Barry, Beveridse, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, James G.
Blair, George M. Brooks. Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cot-
ton, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey, Donnan, Dox,
Bunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Charles Foster, Garrett,
Getz, Golladay. Griffith, Halsey, Hanks, Harmer,
George E.- Harris, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hays,
John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Kelley, Kendall, Ketcham,
Killingcr. Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, May-
nard.McClelland,McCrary,McGrew,McJunkin,Mer-
cur, Mcrriam, Benjamin!1. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morey, Morphia. Orr, Packard, Palmer, Bosea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry,
Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Pricc, Prindle, Randall,
Ellis H. Roberts, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabargrer,
Shober, Shoemaker. Slocum. John A. Smith, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowrell. Sypher,
Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, "Wallace,
Warren, Wells, Wheeler. Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Young—128.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks. Barber,
Barnum, Bingham, Austin Blair. Boles, 13r«,xton,
James Brooks,Burdett,Benj amin F. Butler,Roderick
R. Butler,Carroll. William T.Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Dawes, De Large,
Duell, Elliott, Farnswortb, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich,
Halderaan, Hale, Harper, Havens, Hay, Gerry W.
Hazelton, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kel-
logg, Kinsella. Leach. Lowe, Lynch, Marshall. Mc-
Cormick, McHenry, McKee, McKinney, McNeely,
Monroo, Morgan, Leonard Myers. Nogley, Packer,
Perce. Piatt, Porter, Raincy William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Rogers, Seeley, Sherwood, Sloss, H.
Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Sprague. Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Thomas,
Tuthill, Twichell, Walls, Winclic?tcr,and Wood—80.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question in
order is on the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] to tjie motion of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that
the House take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening. The amendment is to extend
the recess till eleven o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing, and on that amendment the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question was takenj and it was decided
ni the negative—yeas 2G, nays 128, not voting
?1; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Arthur. Beatty, Beck,
Bright. Cox, Davis, Duke, Eiy, Hambleton. Here-
ford, licrndon, Iiibbard, King, Merrick, Niblack,
Potter,Read, EdwardY.Rice, John M.Rice,Ritchie,
Slater. Storm, Swann. Terry* and Van Trump—26.
i\AYS— Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Averiil,
Barber, Boveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Cieely. Crocker, Crossland, Dickey, Donnan, Dox,
Bunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Farwell, Fin-
kelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder
T>. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Goodrich,
Griffith, Hale, liandley, Hanks, Harmer, John T.
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
flazelton, Hill, Hoar, Kendall, Ketcham, Lami?on,
Lunging, Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Maynard, McClel-
land, McHenry, McJunkin, Mercur, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Monroe, Morey, Morphis.Negley, Or r, Pack-
ard. Palmer, Hos>ea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pondleton, Eli Perry. Poland, Price, Randall,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker. Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith. R. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stowell, Taffe, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Wakeraan, Walden, Waldron,Wallace,Warren,
Wheeler, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
young—123.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Archer, Banks. Barnum,
Barry, Bell, Bmgham, Austin Blair. James G.Blair,
Boles, Braxton, James Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, William T.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Crebs,
Critcher, Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Du Bose, Duell,
Farnswortb, Forker, Garfield. Haldeman, llalsey,
Hancock, Harper, George E. Harris, Havens, Hays,
Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr,
KilUnger, Kinsella, Lamport, Leach, Lowe. Mar-
shall, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Mclntyre,
McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Merriam, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Packer, Perce,
-Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Prindle,
Rainey, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Seeley, Shel-
labarger, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher,
Thomas. Dwight Townsend, Tuthiil, Upson. Walls,
Wells, Whiteley, Willard, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—91
So the amendment to extend the recess till
eleven o'clock to-morrow morning was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Kerb, that the House take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think it is
highly improbable that we can get a vote on
the merits of the bill this evening, and if it
meets the views of gentlemen on both sides, I
see no objection to an adjournment.
Mr. RANDALL. Make the motion.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Oh,no; let us sit it out.
Mr. DICKEY. We can adjourn from day
to day till Monday.
Pending the motion to adjourn.
nay y department.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Archeu, of Maryland, to fill the
vacancy on the select committee to investi-
gate charges against the Navy Department,
occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Voon-
hees, of Indiana.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to ; and
thereupon (at three o'clock and fifty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying the
repeal of the duties on tea, coffee, and such
other articles as cannot, be produced in the
United States, and remonstrating against any
change in the tariff laws abating duties on
articles successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. B. P. MEYERS : A petition for the
establishment of a post route from Harrison -
ville, Fulton county, Pennsylvania, via Sipes's
Mills andNeedmore, to Warfordsburg, Penn-
sylvania.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of John Seitz,
of Lumpkin county, Georgia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities.
Also, the memorial of Sarah A. Burch,
widow of William Burch, deceased, of Lowndes
county, Georgia, praying a pension.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Ira P. Sperry
and GO others, citizens of Tallmadge, Summit
i county, Ohio, engaged in the manufacture of
drain and sewer pipes and other wares of clay,
against the reduction of the duty on earthen-
ware or stoneware, and for certain specific
duties thereon.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Alexander
C. Moore, of Pulaski county, Kentucky, pray-
ing to be placed on the pension rolls.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers
in the case of W. C. Burnett, late private com-
pany E, first regiment Kentucky cavalry, for
relief from the charge of desertion.
By Mr. COX: The petition of William A.
Maquoid afld others, citizens of New York
city, against the proposed reduction of duty on
earthenware and stoneware.
By Mr. GETZ : The remonstrance of Eli S.
Fox, George K. Whitner, James Robinson, and
111 others, citizens of Reading, Pennsylvania,
against the proposed reduction of the duty on
earthenware or stoneware; and petition for a
specific duty of seven dollars per ton on all for-
eign earthenware, stoneware, and clay pipes
or flues; nine dollars per ton on the bends,
branches, and other fittings of such pipes and
flues, and ten dollars per ton on all foreign
clay chimney-pots.
By Mr. HALSEY: The remonstrance of
manufacturers of earthenware in Newark,
New Jersey, against the proposed reduction
of the duties on earthenwiue and stoneware.
By Mr. HILL : The petition of R. G. Marsh
and 04 others, asking that an act be passed
giving to the soldiers $8 33 A per month for full
time served.
Also, the petition of Jphu Thompson and
3 others, of Paterson, JSfew Jersey, officers
and members of a colored company, asking aid
toward arming and equipping the company.
By Mr. JONES: The petition of the board
of trustees of the city' of Cheyenne, Wyoming
Territory, praying the withdrawal from settle-
ment of a certain section of public laud in said
Territory.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Fra.uk
Baxter, praying that the-title of deserter may
be removed from his name on the rolls of the
War Department, and that his accounts may
be adjusted as though no finding of a court-
martial had ever been had in his case.
By Mr. KETCHAM: A remonstrance of
152 citizens of Poughkeepsie, New York,
against the proposed reduction of the duty on
earthenware or stoneware.
By Mr. IvILLINGER: The petition of D. !
K. Fisher and 03 others, members of Auburn I
Council No. 18-1, O. TT. A. M., citizens of '
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 28, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCaulet, D. I).
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. COLE. I move tbatthe reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must object to that. 1
do ^o because there is not half a quorum here.
Mr. COLE. My reason for it is that I wish
to take up the Australian mail bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw my objection
in view of the object of the Senator.
Mr. STEVENSON. I renew it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal
will be read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent to
take- up the Australian mail bill, and then 1
will give way to the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it ought to bd
taken up subject to the morning business,
and subject to unobjected bills. There is no
time to get through unobjected bills except
in the morning hour. If the Senator will
allow the morning business and bills to which
there is no objection to go through, I will not
object.
Mr. COLE. I will consent to that.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is there a subsidy in
that bill ?
Mr. COLE. There is a provision for mail
steamship service.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object,.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to state to the Sen-
ator from California that as it is now under-
stood that the morning business shall proceed,
I do not desire his motion to have any prefer-
ence, as I have been several mornings trying
to get up the supplement to the Texas Pacific
railroad bill, which he has once or twice de-
layed to examine. I shall seek the floor to
bring that up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are in
order.
rjjtixiose and jjejjoriaw.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a resolution, of
the Liberal Laud League of Kansas, in favor of
the bill (S. No. 558) for the relief of actual
settlers upon the Cherokee neutral lands in
Kansas; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a lesolution of
the Legislature of Ohio, relative to records in
the War Department pertaining to soldiers
