1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
Mr. WILLARD. Let rac say that there are
now before the committee bills covering the
main subject of this resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
redemption of five-twenty bombs
Mr. PERRY, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this body what amount, if any,
has been redeemed of the $20,000,000 of five-twenty
bonds on which notice has been given that interest
will cease on and after the 7th day of March next.
mail routes.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to furnish the House with a statement of such mail
routes in the States of Texan, Arkansas and Oregon,
and the Territories of New Mexico, Colorado,Utah,
Wyoming, Montana, Idaho. Washington, and the
Indian territory, on whieli during the years 1870 and
1871 mail service other than by ra.iiro.td and steam-
boat has been increased above tin: amount ibr which
the Postmaster General originally advertised; also,
the amount of compensation paid for the original
service, and the amount of compensation paid for
the increased service; and also, the names of the
contractor or contractors on said routes.
amendment oj? postal laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask consent to
report back from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads a very important bill
which the interest of the Post Office Depart-
ment require should be passed before the 1st
of January. It is designed to do away with
what is called straw bidding"—to prevent
frauds in the bidding for the carrying of the
mails. I have been directed by the committee
to report a substitute for two' bills. The sub-
stance of the bill providing for the use of postal
cards has been appended to another bill in the
form of a new section ; but this 1 shall not
press if members ot' the House object. The
other measure, I am sure, no member will ob
ject to when it has been explained. The two
bills for which the committee desire to report a
substitute are the bill (H. R No. G09j relating
to proposals and contracts for the transporta-
tion of the mails, and for other purposes, and
the bill (H. R. No. 455) authorizing the Post-
master General to issue one cent correspond-
ence or post cards.
The SPEAKER. The substitute which, if
there be no objection, will be considered as
an original bill, will be read for information,
after which there will be opportunity for objec-
tion to the consideration of the measure.
The substitute was read.
It provides in the first section that any per-
son or persons bidding for transportation of
the mails upon any route which may be adver-
tised to be let, and receiving an award of the
contract for such service, who shall willfully
refuse or fail to enter into a contract with the
Postmaster General in due form, and perform
the service described in his or their bid or
proposal, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof be punished
by a fine not exceeding $5,000 and by impris-
onment for aterm not exceeding twelve months.
The second section provides that no bidder
for carrying the mails shall be released from his
obligation under his bid or proposal, notwith-
standing an award made to a lower bidder,
until a contract for the designated service
shall have been duly signed by such lower bid-
der and accepted.
The third section provides that the Post-
master General shall have power to reject bids
for mail service which shall appear to him,
upon due investigation, to be 'fraudulent or
fictitious ; in all which cases he shall report
the facts to Congress.
The fourth section provides that after a reg-
ular bidder or contractor shall have failed
either to enter into contract or to fulfill his con-
tract when made the Postmaster Generalshall
proceed to contract, on the best obtainable
terms, with any responsible party, whether i
a bidder or not, for the performance of the
service for the residue of the contract term,
or any part thereof.
The fifth section provides that the provision
of the fourth section of the act of March 3,
1871, requiring certified checks or drafts to
accompany bids be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
The sixth section provides that in case of
the sickness or unavoidable absence from his
office of the postmaster of any money-order
post office he may, with the approval of the
Postmaster General authorize the chief clerk,
or some other clerk employed therein, to act
in his place, and to discharge all the duties
required by law of such postmaster; provided
that the official bond given by the principal
of the office shall be held to cover and apply
to the acts of the person appointed to act m
his place in such cases; and provided further
that such acting officer shall, for the time
being, be subject to all the liabilities and pen-
alties prescribed by law for the official mis-
conduct, in like cases, of the postmaster for
whom he shall act;
The seventh section provides that the post-
master of every city where branch post offices
or stations are established and in operation,
subject to his supervision, is hereby authorized,
under the direction of the Postmaster General,
to issue, or to cause to be issued, by any of
his assistants or clerks in charge of branch
post offices or stations, postal money-orders
payable at his own or at any other money-order
office, or at any branch post office or station
of his own, or of any other money-order office,
as the remitters thereof may direct; and that
the postmaster and his sureties shall in every
case be held accountable upon his official bond
for all moneys received by him or his desig-
nated assistants or clerks in charge of stations
from the issue of money-orders under the pro-
visions of this act, and for all moneys which
may come into his or their hands, or be placed
in tiis or their custody by reason of the trans-
action by them of money order business. And
all the provisions of law now in force respect-
ing the issue and the payment of money-orders
and the disposal of money-order funds in the
custody of postmasters shall apply to all
money-orders issued under the authority given
by this ae% and to all moneys received from
the issue thereof.
The eighth section provides that the Post-
master General is hereby authorized to cause
to be placed to the credit of the Treasurer of
the United States, for the service of the Post
Office Department, the net proceeds of the
money-order business, and that the receipts
of the Post Office Department, derived from
this source, during each quarter, shall be
entered by the Auditor of the Treasury for the
Post Office Department in the accounts of
said Department, under the head of " Revenue
from money-order business."
The ninth section provides that to facilitate
correspondence and provide for the transmis-
sion in the mails of messages or other short
communications at a reduced rate of postage
the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to furnish to the public,
at a cost of on.; cent each, including postage,
'• correspondence" or " post cards," manufac-
tured of good stiff paper, with postal stamps
embossed or impressed thereon, of such form
and size as he shall deem best adapted for
general use; which cards shall be used under
regulations to be prescribed by the Postmaster
General.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to con-
sidering this bill now?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the objection is
to the latter part of the bill, I will withdraw
all except the provisions in reference to the
fraudulent proposals for carrying of the mails.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I object to the fourth
section.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is very important
we should act on this bill at once. The gen-
tleman can make his motion to strike out that
part of the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. Let the bill be printed
and go over. You cannot get it through in
this way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To let it go over
only defeats the object of the bill. It is neces-
sary to have it in operation by the 1st of Jan-
uary, and it will save the Government many
thousand dollars.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is too large a cat
in this meal to allow it to go through in this
way. I object.
custom-housk and navy-yard, new york.
Mr. KINSELLA. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution ;
Resvlved, That the Committee on Public Expend-
itures bo directed to investigate and report to this
House the number of persons, if any, engaged as
clerks, laborers, &c., or for any other purpose, or
pretended purpose, io thi eustom-houfe at New
York, or the navy-yard at Brooklyn, Now York,
immediately preceding the late election in the State
01 .New York; on whose recommendation they wero
appointed : how long they were retained in the ser-
vice of the Government, and from what fund they
were paid for such real or pretended services. .
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object.
wages and iiooks of labor.
Mr. HOAR. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour begins at five
minutes past one o'clock, and the House re-
sumes consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 374)
reported by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] to provide for the appointment
of a commission on the subject of the wages
and hours of labor and the division of profits
between labor and capital in the United States.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
has ten minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. HOAR. I yield the remainder of my
hour to the chairman of the committee, the
gentleman from Mississippi, ("Mr. Perce.]
Mr. PERCE. Before submitting any re-
marks, I offer the following amendment:
Insert in section one, line five, instead of the words
' from the civil service," the words "who shall be
selected from civil life solely, with reference to their
character and capacity for an honest and impartial
investigation."
This amendment. Mr. Speaker, is intended
to cover the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. [Mr. Banks,] and also the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kiiainger. j But I desire before
I proceed further to make some arrangement,
it possible, with the other side of the House
in regard to the conducting of the debate upon
this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] if he
will allow me now to offer a substitute for the
bill?
Mr. PERCE. If the gentleman will wait a
moment, I will propose something which I
hope will meet his views. I propose, as we
on this side of the House will have occupied
one hour of the time, after I have concluded
my remarks then to yield an hour to the other
side of the House, to be distributed as to the
gentlemen oil the committee from that side of
the House may seem best.. And in that time
any amendments that are desired to be offered
can be offered by gentlemen on that side. I
propose then, with the consent of the other
side, to call the previous question, and after
the previous question is seconded we propose,
with the consent, of the other side, to divide
the hour given us with the other side of the
House, so that the debate may be entirely
equal, and that the bill may be disposed of to-
day. I make that proposition, and desire to
know if it meets the views of gentlemen on
the other side.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is a very compre-
hensive question which is involved in this bill,
and it ought to be debated. The door ought
not, it seems to me, to be suddenly closed
