166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
Ho. of Reps.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Davis.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
increased to 363,696, an increase of sixteen
per cent. Sheffield in 1851 had a population
of 13-5,307, and in 1861 185,172, an increase
of thirty-eight per cent., and in 1871 she had
a population of 239,947, an increase of thirty
per cent.
Thus we see that while Philadelphia in-
creases in population only nineteen per cent,
in ten years, these manufacturing cities of
Great Britain afford that unmistakable evi-
dence of prosperity, rapid increase of popu-
lation, much greater than she exhibits. It
disposes satisfactorily of the idea of English
pauper labor which is talked about so much.
It is not true, as we are persuaded to believe,
that most of our immigrants are mechanics
allured by high wages. Such is not the case.
"We know very well that thousands are attracted
to this country by the love of our institutions;
by what they think a better Government.
Numbers come to obtain homes upon our Gov-
ernment lands. Of what we call skilled
labor but little crosses the ocean on account
of the difference of wages alone.
It is stated that at this very moment there
is a current setting toward England of our
skilled mechanics. So great now in England
is the demand for ship-carpenters and so little
can they expect here, so ruined is that inter-
est in this country, that they are now leaving
the United States and going where they can
obtain work and wages. I can well believe
the statement to be true, knowing how much
greater the prosperity of that interest is in
England than here.
England having pointed out the road to us,
having shown us the way by which she achieved
her great wealth, and by which she obtained
the command of the seas, why not follow it?
We are alarmed continually in this Chamber
and in the other House by cries of apprehen-
sion that England will grasp the commerce of
the whole world. We are asked to subsidize
lines of steamers everywhere, and the reason
given is, ''If you do not do it, England will;
she is reaching her arms out in every direc-
tion ; she is seeking to get the commerce of
the East and of the West, of the North and
of the South ; and she will get that commerce,
all of it, unless you subsidize steamers." And
yet England is a free-trade country, a country
of pauper labor! If she can do these things
under her system, and we cannot under ours,
had we not better abandon ours and accept
that which has been such a success?
Mr. President, I do not propose to go into
the details of the bill, but I see that several
articles are proposed by it to be put upon
the free list. If a poor man has to pay a
heavy tax upon the shoes and clothes that
he buys for his children, his wife, and him-
self, upon the tools that he uses in his trade,
and even upon the needles and the thread
■with which his wife mends his children's rag-
ged clothes, this bill affords him the conso-
lation of knowing that if he wants to import
stuffed birds he can do it free of duty. He
cannot import free what he wants and what
he must have in order to live, but he can
import such articles as stuffed birds and curl-
ing-stones and quoits free of duty. If he
desires to amuse himself upon the ice with
curling-stones he can do so without paying a
tax. If he desires to exercise himself pitch-
ing quoits he has the consolation of know-
ing that he can get his quoits free of duty;
but he cannot get what his children need,
what his children must have, and what he
and his wife must have in order to subsist,
without, paying sixty or eighty per cent, upon
it. A distinguished author has said, "The
request of industry to the Government is as
modest as that of Diogenes to Alexander,
'Stand off my sunshine.'"
Amendments to the Constitution.
SPEECH OE HON. J. J. DAVIS,
of west virginia,
In the House of Representatives,
March 23, 1872,
On amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, on the 5th day
of February the gentlemau from Maine [Mr.
Peters] brought forward the following reso-
lution, which was adopted by the House:
"Resolved, That the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-
teenth amendments to the Constitution of the United
States having been ratified by the number of State
Legislatures necessary to make their adoption valid
and binding, as well as having been sanctioned by
the most significant popular approval, the highest
patriotism and most enlightened public policy de-
mand of all political parties and all citizens an
acquiescence in the validity of such constitutional
provisions and such reasonable legislation of Con-
gress as may benecessary to make them in their letter
and spirit most effectual."
And on the same day the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, which was also adopted :
" Resolved, That we recognize the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments to the Constitu-
tion as valid parts thereof."
These resolutions were offered and passed
under a suspension of the rules without debate,
and under circumstances which precluded any
discussion at the time of the great and vital
questions involved in them. There is no dif-
ference practically between the two resolutions,
for I imagine that if the amendments are valid
and binding as parts of the Constitution, they
are the law of' the land, constitutionally so if
valid, and must be respected and obeyed with-
out question. If their validity is not a question
of doubt, as the resolutions affirm, and more
especially if the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments are valid as a part of the Constitution,
and are to be accepted as such by the people,
the Federal Republic has perished.
Having voted against the resolutions be-
cause, in my judgment, each of them in effect
dignifies the most flagrant usurpations with the
title and sanctity of laws, I deem it right and
proper, with all proper respect for the movers
of the resolutions, to express the reasons for
my dissent from the principles they embody.
I am aware, sir, that there is a body of poli-
ticians who regard the doctrine of State rights
as an abstraction, and treat an inquiry into
these questions, or a discussion of them, as
the resurrection of "dead" and " exploded"
issues that should be permitted to rest undis-
turbed. If they can educate public opinion
up to this belief, it will be an easy task for
Federal usurpation to accomplish its work of
destruction, the annihilation of the States,
and the conversion of the Government into
one of an absolute majority without check
or limitation. In my judgment the doctrine
of State rights, so far from being either an
abstraction or a dead and explod«d issue, is
a vital and- pfactical inquiry now.
I am not one of those who believe that the
principles of this Government can ever be in
danger from an open, bold, and manly asser-
tion of the rights of either the States or the
people. If the Government is subverted, it
will be by indirect, insidious attacks, disguised
under the forms of law; by an unconstitutional
extension of Federal power; by an invasion
of the rights of the States, and when the prin-
ciples upon which the Government was founded
shall have so degenerated that that which was
once considered as usurpation is sanctified as
law, and is appealed to as evidence of right.
If we turn our attention for a moment to the
Government as established by the Constitution,
we shall see clearly that the supposed amend-
ments are a total subversion of it in theory
and in fact, and are utterly destructive of the
very existence of the States. The Federal
Government, which originated in a solemn
compact between the States, each covenanting
and agreeing with the others, was established
as a Government of limited and delegated
powers, specifically enumerated and defined
in a written Constitution, which the States,
through conventions composed of delegates
elected by the people thereof, severally assented
to and ratified.
"Who are to form the new Constitution?" *
* * * "Are not the Statesthe agents? Will
they notbe^he members of it? I>id they not appoint
this Convention? Are not they to ratify its pro-
ceedings? Will not the Constitution be their
act ?"—Madison, Elliott's Debates, vol. 5, p. 413.
Mr. Madison says again':
"Do they require that in the establishment of
the Constitution the States should be regarded as
distinct and independent sovereigns? They are so
regarded by the Constitution proposed."—Federalist,
No. 39.
The powers delegated extend only to mat-
ters respecting the common interests of the
Union, leaving the several States, as to all
powers not delegated, sovereign and inde-
pendent of each other.
"The powers delegated by the-proposed Consti-
tution to tbe Federal Government are few and de-
fined. Those which are to remain in the State gov-
ernments are numerous and undefined. Tbe former
will be exercised principally on external objects, as
war, peace, negotiation and foreign commerce, with
which last the power of taxation will for the most
part be connected. The powers reserved to the
several States will extend to all the objects which
in tbe ordinary course of affairs concern tbe lives,
liberties, and properties of the people: and the
internal order, improvement and prosperity of the
States."—Federalist, No. 45.
It is to the extent only of the powers granted
or prohibited, that the several States are bound
by the Constitution, or affected in their sov-
ereignty.
"Its jurisdiction extends to certain enumerated
objects only, and leaves to the several States a re-
siduary and inviolable sovereignty over all other
objects."—Federalist, No. 39.
In declaring that it should be the supreme
law of the land, nothing more is conceded than
that within the sphere of the powers granted
the Government established should be binding
upon the States or people.
"If a number of political societies eiTter into a
larger political society, the laws which the latter
may enact pursuant to the powers intrusted to it by
the Constitution must necessarily be supreme over
these societies, and the individuals ot whom they
are composed." * * * * "Butit will not
follow fromthis doctrine that the acts of the larger
political society which are not pursuant to its con-
stitutional powers, but which are invasions of the
residuary authorities of the smaller societies, will
become the supreme law ofthe land. These will be
merely usurpations, and will deserve to be treated
as such."—ikfr. Hamilton, (see Federalist, No. 37.)
As to all the powers not delegated by the
States, and which they reserved and excepted
out of the grant made to the Federal Govern-
ment, they are as absolutely supreme and inde-
pendent of each other as if they had never con-
federated together for any purpose. The gov-
ernment they instituted was a Federal and not
a consolidated government. In the thirty-
ninth number of the Federalist Mr. Madison
says:
" That it will be a federal, and not a national act,
as these terms are understood by the objectors; the
act of the people, as forming so many independent
States, not as forming one aggregate nation, is ob-
vious from this single consideration, that it h. to
result neitherfroin the decision of a majority of tha
people ofthe Union, nor from that of a majority of
the States. It must result from tbe unanimous as-
sent of the several States that are parties to it, dif-
fering no otherwise from their ordinary assent than
in its being expressed, not by the legislative author-
ity, but by that of the people themselves. Were tbo
people regarded in this transaction as forming one
nation, the will ot the majority of the whole people
of the United States would bind the minority in
the same manner as the majority in each State must
bind the minority; and the wilt of the majority must
be determined either by a comparison of the indi-
