3802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 23,
%> 7
Mr. WHITTHORNE. My colleague on the
committee is mistaken as to that.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. If my colleague, the
gentleman from Maryland. [Mr. Archer,]
will allow me, I will say tbat I fully concur
with him in his view of this case. I did not
vote for it in committee, and I will not vote for
it here.
Mr. COGHLAN. I believe there was an
injustice done to this man. I believe he was
turned out of the Navy to cloak the miscon-
duct of a higher officer. In my judgment, the
evidence shows that. The evidence shows
that Draper, being an inferior officer, was
turned out of the Navy as acat'a-paw to cloak
the ill-doings of the commanding officer at
that, station. He had the orders of his com-
manding officer to take a prisoner to Balti-
more, and when there, with that man in his
custody, not allowing him to escape at all, but
acting according to the orders of his command-
ing officer, he was arrested, and was subse-
quently dismissed the service for being in
Baltimore, away from hisduty, with a prisoner.
Every particle of the evidence, so far as I
can see into it or understand it, went to show
that his commanding officer had allowed him
to take this prisoner and go to Baltimore and
have a certain dental operation performed,
and when it was found that ho had the consent
of the commanding officer, he was himself dis-
missed the service, but was afterward allowed
the poor privilege of resigning. The poor
subaltern, therefore, if 1 understand the case
at all, and 1 believe I do, was made to suffer
ior an order given by his commanding officer.
These being the circumstances of the case,
I ask the House to reinstate the man, as pro-
posed by the bill, without a dollar of money
being paid to him ; without giving him even
the place he occupied when this great wrong
was committed against bim, while he is put in
at the foot of his grade. He is too old to be
appointed again, and this merely allows him
to withdraw his resignation, and come in at
the foot of his grade without a dollar of com-
pensation being given him. I ask this House,
then, to vote to restore this man, whom I
believe to have been wronged in order to
cloak the misdoings, if it was a misdoing, of
a superior officer.
Mr. DICKEY. "Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. COGHLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. Has this the recommenda-
tion of the Navy Department?
Mr. COGHLAN. I do not believe it has.
Mr. DICKEY. Then do you propose that
the House of Representatives shall legislate
men into the Navy as officers of the Navy
without any recommendation of the executive
department of the Government?
Mr. COGHLAN. I believe that when the
Navy Department commits a wrong upon an
officer of the Navy it is the duty of the Repre-
sentatives of the people to right that wrong.
That is what I believe.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from California wants to reinstate a man
as surgeon in the Navy who had to take a
prisoner to Philadelphia or Baltimore to have
a tooth pulled. I would say, further, tbat the
Surgeon General of the Navy came to me and
told me that this was not a proper case for the
restoration of the man to his former position.
Mr. HAYS. There is a vital question
involved in this matter, and it is this: whether
the Secretary of the Navy has the right to dis-
miss an officer at any time without court-mar-
tial., without a fair trial, without a fair hear-
ing before the people of this country. If he
can do that itis but justice that the man should
have the right to appeal to the liepresentatives
of the people of this country to have justice
done him, and I insist upon this floor that this
man should be restored, and that the Repre-
sentatives of the people, in the face of the See-
reiary of the Navy, who dismissed him without
a fair hearing and without trial, should come
to his rescue and restore him at the foot of the
list. Sir, he does not ask a dollar, and only
claims his just right as an American citizen
and as a surgeon in the Navy of the United
States.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to ask the gen-
tleman whether this bill provides for the re-
appointment of this person, or whether it only
allows the President to reappoint him?
Mr. HAYS. It only allows the President
to reappoint him if he deems proper.
Mr. DICKEY. He can do it without this
law.
Mr. HAYS. I move the previous qnestion.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to lay this bill on
the table.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
55, noes 47; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAYS. I ask that the bill be recom-
mitted to the committee.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I object to that.
Mr. HAYS. Then I call for tellers on the
motion to lay upon the table.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hays and
Mr. Archer were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 53.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid upon the table ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i'llank m. asiiton.
Mr. COGHLAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2873) authorizing
the President to permit Frank M. Ashton,
late second assistant engineer in the Navy of
the United States, to withdraw his resignation
of that office ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill authorizes the President of the
United States to permit Frank M. Ashton,
late second assistant engineer of the Navy of
the United States, to withdraw his resignation
of that office, which was accepted by the Navy
Department January 4, 1871, and to reinstate
him in his former position in the service. The
bill, however, is not to be construed so as to
grant the said Ashton any pay for the time he
was out of the service, but his pay is to recom-
mence only from the time of his being per-
mitted to withdraw his resignation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as this is a bill
to restore an officer to a grade tbat he volun-
tarily gave up more than a year ago, I hope
some explanation will be given. It seems
to me it will be doing injustice to the other
officers of the Navy.
Mr. COGHLAN. I will say in a few words
what I think will be necessary to satisfy the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] of
the justice of this bill. The Committee on
Naval Affairs were unanimously in favor of
this bill. In 1863 this man entered the Navy
and served until 1871. During that time he
had his ankle badly hurt while in the line of
his duty. He resigned from the Navy entirely
as second assistant engineer and went into
business in private life. He resigned in Janu-
ary, 1871, after nearly eight years of service,
and after having his leg almost entirely crushed
so as to disable him to a certain extent,
but not to disable him from duty in his pro-
fession. He was in the practice of his profes-
sion in the city of Chicago when the great
fire occurred there last fall, and all his
property was burned up. He now asks that
he may be appointed by the President to his
old position in the Navy. There are at this
time some thirty vacancies in the engineer
department of the Navy, and they are appoint-
ing men from civil life almost every day.
Having received this injury in the service of
his country, he asks that the President may be
authorized to appoint him again.
Mr. L. MYERS. He lost all his property
in the Chicago fire.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill seems to be all
right.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lazarus d. reamby.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 1027, to restore Lazarus D. Reamey
to the Navy of the United States as midship-
man.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman given
notice to the Clerk, so that he could select
the bill?
Mr. COGHLAN. I believe I have not.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will rec-
ognize some other member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs to make a report while the
gentleman looks up the bill. The Chair has
often given that notice to members of the
House.
Mr. COGHLAN. The Chair has never given
me that notice, or I would have complied
with it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may not have
given the notice to the gentleman individually.
mrs. r. a. kennedy.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 2026, for the relief of Mrs. R. A. Kennedy.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Navy to pay to Mrs. R. A. Kennedy
a sum not exceeding $739, in payment of
naval stores delivered at the Gosport navy-
yard by Mr. R. A. Kennedy in 1861, and for
which payment, has not been made.
Mr. ARCHER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs are unanimous in recommending the
passage of this bill for the payment of this
small sum of money.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
readathird time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. I askunanimous
consent that in engrossing the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, passed this afternoon, the
enrolling clerks may be authorized to take
some of the miscellaneous amendments near
the close of the bill and pnt them back in the
portion of fhe bill relating to miscellaneous
appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman means to
properly classify them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is what I
mean. It will secure the good order of the
bill, and I will superintend it myself.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
° absalom kirby.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported abill (H. R. No. 2874)
to restore Absalom Kirby as second assistant
engineer in the Navy ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United States to restore
Absalom Kirby to his originial position on
the active list as a second assistant engineer
in the Navy of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be some
explanation as to the necessity or propriety
of this restoration. This man resigned, I
presume.
