2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April' 30,
By Mr. HAWLEY: A protest of citizens
of Hancock county. Illinois, against the pas-
sage of the bill for the construction of a bridge
over the Mississippi river from Warsaw, Illi-
nois. to Alexandria, Missouri.
By Mr. HOOPER, ot" Massachusetts: the
petition of Ann J. Eaton, administratrix of
the estate of Jacob F. Eaton, for loss of crops,
damage to land. &c., oil Long Island, Boston
harbor, Massachusetts.
By Mr. MAYNARD; The petition of 667
citizens of the western district of the State of
Tennessee, asking of Congress the establish-
ment of an additional circuit and district court
of the United States within said district, to be
located in the town of Huntingdon, in the
county of Carroll, Tennessee.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Mrs.
Hannah M. Lex, widow of Charles H. Lex,
late a private of company C, seventy-second
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of merchants and citizens
of Philadelphia, for the removal of all politi-
cal and civil disabilities of Presley T. Glass,
of the town of Ripley, county of Lauderdale,
and State of Tennessee.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petitions of John
Y. Potter, Charles R. Ladd, J. W. Couzens,
Kirk Mendall, E. V. Bronson, 0. W. Brown,
and 205 other persons of Henry county, Illi-
nois, praying that Congress would reduce the
tariff to a strictly revenue basis and would
place the system called protective where the
public mind will rest in the belief of its speedy
and complete extinction.
By Mr. W ALDRON: Resolutions of the
Board ot Trade of the city of Detroit, asking
reduction of duty on gilling twine and a draw-
back of duty on salt, used in lake fisheries.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: The peti-
tion for relief of Henry S. Zumrn, of Indiana.
post route bill intkoduckd
The following was introduced under the
rule and referred to the Committee on the
Post, Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. LIANDLEY : A bill to establish cer-
tain post routes ill Alabama: from Rock Mills
to Houston, Georgia; from Smith's Station,
via Warcoochee, Beulah, Ossanippi, Tram-
mell's Factory, to West Point, Georgia; from
Waverly, via Rome, Walnut Hill, Mehon's
Mills, Clmnnalioichee, to Wetumpka; from
Dadeville, via Montreal, Mount Zion, Fish
Pond, Sand luck, Cotton Store, Bulgers
Mills, Kowalaga, Guthrie's, Howell's Store, to
Wetumpka ; from Fort Mitchell to Oswichee.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April SO, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
texas pacific railroad.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 724) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate the lexas Pacific Railroad Company, and
to aid in the construction of its road, and for
other purposes," approved March 2, 1871.
Mr. S1EWART. I should like to have those
amendments—there are only two or three of
them read, and then I shall move that the
Senate concur in them.
"lhe Chief Clerk read the amendments,
which were on page 2, section two, line two,
after the word " thereto," to insert the words
"and as modified by this act;" in line four
after the word "whatever." to insert the
words "beyond that heretofore granted by
Congress, and which shall only inure to said
company upon compliance with the terms of
this act in relation to the times fixed for com-
pletion of said railwayin line six, after the
word "existing," to insert the words " under
this act and the acts to which it is supple-
mentary in line nine, after the word " cre-
ate," to insert the word "thereunder;" and
in section five, after the word " construct," to
insert "not less than ten miles before the
expiration of second year, and."
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the effect of
them ?
Mr. STEWART. The effect is, that they
require ten miles to be built on the western
end in the first two years, and the only other
amendment that is not verbal is one prohib-
iting them from mortgaging the lands until
th^y have complied with the conditions of the
act so as to acquire them. They limit the
operation of lhe bill as we passed it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that
all the amendments are limitations upon the
bill as it passed the Senate?
Mr. STEWART. They are all limitations
upon the bill except one, and that is a requisi-
tion for more road to be completed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is an additional
requirement?
Mr. STEWART. An additional require-
ment.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire what
the condition is in regard to the building of
the western end of the road after the second
year.
Mr. STEWART. That is left, just as it was
in the bill, only with the additional require-
ment of ten miles to be built in the first two
years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
amendments read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will again
be reported.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendments, and having read the second
one—
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear that
read in connection with the body of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as pro-
posed by the House tli.it portion of the bill
will read as follows :
And this act shall not be construed to revive,
enlarge, extend, or create any land grant whatever
beyond that heretofore granted by Congress, and
which shall only inure to said company upon com-
pliance with the terms ot' this act m relation to the
times fixed tor completion of said railway.
The Chief Cleik resumed the reading of the
amendments, and having read the amend-
ment to the fifth section—
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is in re-
gard to the western end of the road, and the
Secretary will read the amendment in connec-
tion with that portion of the bill.
I he Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided however. That the said company shall
commence the construction of said road from San
-Uiego eastward withm oneyearfrom the passage of
tins act, and construct nut less than ten miles before
toe expiration of second year, and, after the second
year, not less than twenty-five miles per annum, &c.
The amendments were concurred in.
house bills referred
The bill (H. R. No. 2G16j authorizing the
erection of a public building in Rockland.
Maine, was read twice by its title and referred
j to the Committee on Public Buildings and
j Grounds.
i The bill (H. R. No. 2617) to remove the legal
1 and political disabilities of Sion H. Rogers,
was read twice by its title, and, on motion of
Mr. Morton, was referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections*
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON. I present a memorial signed
by a committee, the secretary and officers of
section twenty-three of the International Work-
mgmen's Association of the District of Colum- I
bia, remonstrating against the repeal of the
eight-hour law. I move its reference to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. SUMNER. Should it, not go to the
Committee on the Judiciary? I ask my col-
league, is not that subject before some com-
mittee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is before the Committee on Education and
Labor, and also before the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. That subject should b-j
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought that committee
had jurisdiction of it in some sort,.
Mr. SAWYER. We have someother memo-
rials on the same subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will be referred to that committee, that being
the appropriate committee.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
soldiers and sailors, in favor of the passage of
the hill incorporating the National Union Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training-
School Association ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of officers of
the United States Army, remonstrating against
any change in the manner of promoting lieu-
tenants ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of colored sol-
diers, praying to be put on an equality with
white soldiers in regard to bounties under the
act of July 22, 1861; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
A. C. McGillivray, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French be-
tween the years 1793 and 1801 ; which was
ordered to lie oil the table.
Mr. CARPEN'L'ER presented the petition
of Samuel Birdsail, jr., praying payment of
arrearages of pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
P. G. Nash, of Mobile, Alabama, praying the
removal of his political disabilities: which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the memorial of the National Railroad Com-
pany of Maryland, praying to be authorized
to extend their road into and within the
District of Columbia; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of
citizens of West Virginia, praying that Davis
C. Knmison, of Pocahontas county, West Vir-
ginia, be relieved of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Stanton, Tennessee, praying for the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of colored sol-
diers of the Army of theUnited Statesformerly
slaves in Kentucky, praying to be placed on
the same footing with regard to bounties as
white soldiers; which was referied to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also presented apetition of soldiers, pray-
ing that ail soldiers of 1812 and their widows
may be granted pensions, for equalization of
bounties to soldiers of 1861, for payment of
back pensions, for one hundred and sixty acres
of land, and for the establishment of a soldiers'
commission ; which was referred to the Com-
mittte on Military Affairs.
equal rights I.n schools.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I ask the Senate to
be good enough to take Tip the school bill for the
District of Coiumb^, with the understanding
that it shall be passed over informally for the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
call for petitions the Senator from Massachu-
