20X0
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
from Ohio in the war of the rebellion ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying that if a law abolish-
ing the duties on tea and coffee be passed it
shall not take effect until at least ninety days
after its enactment; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Indiana, praying that if a law abolishing the
duties on tea and coffee be passed it shall not
take effect until at least six months after its
enactment; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of Charles M. Briggs, of Louisville, Kentucky,
praying for the passage of an act giving the
Court of Claims jurisdiction of his claim
against the United States for cotton sold and
received by the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the pe-
tition of Rebecca C. Meeker, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STOCKTON. I present a memorial
from worker? in the Gibbsboro paint and color
works, citizens of Waterford township, Cam-
den county, New Jersey, remonstrating against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country. They re-
spectfully pray for the repeal of all duties upon
tea, coffee, and such other articles of necessity
or comfort as cannot be produced in the Uni-
ted States; and further pray that Congress will
take care that duties shall be so adjusted as to
encourage and defend every home industry,
and lo foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer.
Jn presenting this petition as to these mat-
ters, in most of which duty compels me to say
that 1 do not agree with the petitioners, f
desire to express to the Senate that, with all
respect lor the petitioners, I think they mistake
as to what are the true interests of the country
at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will lie on the table, as the Committee on
Finance have reported 011 the subject of the
tariff generally.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition of
Prince Cort, of Georgetown, South Carolina,
praying remuneration for certain services ren-
dered to the Navy as a pilot; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Naval Aflairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kentucky, praying for certain reforms in the
civil service of the Government; which was
referred to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
KOCK ISLAND 11IHD0K.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs lo report in favor
of the passage of the bill (H. li. No. 1672)
granting to the Davenport and St. Paul Rail-
road Company the right of way.
Mr. HARLAN. That is a matter of great
importance to the people in that locality, and
I should like to have the bill acted 011 now.
It is a bill granting the right of way across the
Rock Island bridge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a matter about
which I have received several communications
protesting against the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. There were protests before
the committee which have been considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
they have considered these. The bill, I believe,
relates to the right of way across the Rock
Island bridge ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that bill was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood it was sent
to the Committee on Military Affairs, they
having 2 ad charge of it before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I understand that
this is a House bill which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. According to the
printed indorsement on the back of the bill, it
seems that on the 14th of March it was referred
to the Committee on Commerce; but the Chair
understands the Senator from Iowa to state
that the reference was changed.
Mr. HARLAN. I thought it was referred
to the Military Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on
Commerce, I understand, have charge of it,
and I have sent numerous papers to that com-
mittee about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The indorse-
ment on the printed bill reads " March 14,
1872; read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how the
Committee on Military Affairs got jurisdiction
over it.
Mr. HARLAN. My colleague informs me
that the reference was changed.
Mr. WILSON. We found the bill in our
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire whether there
is any such record? If not. the bill is before
the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will take a
little time to hunt up the record, as the refer-
ence was several days ago. Does the Senator
from Illinois object to the consideration of the
bill to-day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it be-
longs here. I believe the bill to be in the
Committee on Commerce. I know it was
referred there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois makes the point that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have not the right
to make this report, that question will be sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, f move that the bill be
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce. I
have no desire to take charge of it.
The motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee 011 Commerce was agreed to.
AMANDA M. HITCHKY.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the pension of
George W. Dunham, guardian of the minor
children of Amanda M. Ritchey, widow of a
contract surgeon, direct me to report a bill in
the case; and I ask the Senate to put these
little pension bills 011 their passage as they are
reported. To do so will be a saving of time.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 878)
granting a pension to the minor children of
Amanda M, Ritchey was read three times, and
passed.
SARAH M'ENANY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may
be permitted to remind the Senator from Ver-
mont that on one day when there was general
objection to anything being done out of the
regular order, there was one pension bill
reported from his committee by the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.] If there is
no objection, it will be taken up now and
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
taken up and passed. I am very much obliged
to the Vice President for his suggestion.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 347)
granting a pension to Sarah McEnany, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for placing on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Sarah McEnany, widow of
James McEnany, deceased, late a private in
company C, eleventh regiment Maine volun-
teers, and the names of their children under
sixteen years of age, and for paying them a
pension, commencing December 14, 1864.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by striking out "commencing
December 14, 1864," andinserting "from th-e
passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and pased.
GEORGIA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 48) to settle and quiot the titles to
lands along the boundary line between the
States of Georgia and Florida, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment. It
is a very short bill, and I ask that it be put on
its passage at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
declares the titles to all lands lying south of
the line dividing the States of Georgia and
Florida, known as the Orr and Whitner line,
lately established as the true boundary between
said States, and north of the line run by Geor-
gia, known as the Watson line, being all the
lands lying between those linos, confirmed in
the present owners deriving titles from the
State of Georgia.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was after the word " confirmed " in
the eighth line, to insert " so far as the United
States have title thereto."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SAKAII WHITING.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom wab referred the bill (H. R. No.
1073) granting a pension to Sarah Whiting,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage,
accompanied by a written report, which I
ask to have printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be passed
now.
By unanimous consent the bill (H. R. No.
1073) granting a pension to Sarah Whiting
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Sarah Whiiing, widow of Joseph
B. Whiting, late a second lieutenant in the
twenty-sixth regiment Massachusetts volun-
teers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN HENRY M. SCOTT.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1197)
granting a pension to Captain Henry M. Scott,
have had the same under consideration, and
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. It is ac-
companied by a written report, which I ask
to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be printed.
_ Mr. PRATT. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Henry M. Scott, late a cap-
tain in company A, seventieth regiment of
Indiana volunteers, to take effect from the
passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and ;
