1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2907
setts asks unanimous consent that the school
bill of (his District be taken up, subject to
morning business.
J[r. BAYARD, and Mr. DAVIS of West
Virginia, rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two Senators
have risen, apparently to object.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to be understood
about that. 1 wish it understood that I do
not object at all to taking up the bill; but as
I desire to make a few remarks in opposition
to its passage, I would merely ask that when
it is taken up I be allowed to conclude my
remarks and not be cut off in fifteen minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I respect the desire of the
Senator. Would it not be agreeable to the
Senator from Delaware to have the bill taken
up in this morning hour?
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot say that it would
be agreeable. I only say that before the bill
passes I wish to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia [Mr. Davis] objects un-
conditionally, as he understands. Does he
withdraw the objection?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS COMMISSION*
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (II.
II. No. 131) relating to the commissioners of
claims appointed under act of Congress ap-
proved Maich 3, 1871, have had the same
under consideration, and directed me to report
it back with the recommendation that the Sen-
ate agree to it. This.is the resolution which I
reported, or attempted to report, last week. If
there is no objection to it, 1 am desired on the
part of several to ask for its immediate con
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution It proposes to
authorize the "commissioners of claims" ap-
pointed under the act of Congress approved
March 3, 1871, entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes,'' to make further reports of their
proceedings under that act whenever, in their
judgment, they shall deem it expedient or
advisable to do so.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a very few moments while I state
the objections I have to the passage of this
resolution.
It will be remembered by the Senate that at
the last session of the last Congress the act
was passed organizing this commission, and
by one section of that act it is provided that
these commissioners shall have power to report
at the commencement of each session of Con-
gress. I understand that by this joint resolu-
tion or bill 't h proposed to give to the com-
missioners power to report at any time. By
this aet there is no command on the commis-
sioners to report, but they are given authority
to report at any time. I object to this for rea-
sons which f will state.
In the first place, while this will not be and
is not a command on the commissioners to
report, it will be, so accepted by those who
have claims pending before that commission
and which may have been decided. The com-
missioners themselves will esteem it as a com-
mand upon them, and the importunity upon
the part of persons who may have claims upon
them to report will be such beyond all ques-
tion as to greatly interfere with them in the
discharge of their duties.
In the next place, while it is not a command
in itself, they will be led to esteem it as such,
and as a consequence their labors must neces-
sarily be interiered with, they now being en-
gaged in the discharge of their duties under
the law; that is to say, they having already
made a report to this session of Congress, they
are now engaged in the consideration of other
claims. They are engaged in the discharge
of their duties pertinent and proper and legit-
imate. Now, if we authorize them, which will
be regarded as a .command to them, to report,
the consequence will be that their minds will
be diverted from the proper discharge of their
duties, and they will be engaged in making up
a further report to this Congress.
I need not tell the Senate that though these
commissioners may have examined a claim,
and perhaps made up their minds as to its
justice or otherwise, if time is given them it
frequently occurs that testimony comes to
their knowledge before they make any report
as contemplated by the old law that induces
them to change their minds either for or
against the claim; and if we pass a law that
shall be a command to them to report to Con-
gress, and they are constantly importuned to
make these reports, the consequence is that in
many cases they will necessarily be compelled
to report cases here, and will report them,
when, if they had time to investigate and ex-
amine further, they might be led to reverse
their first action.
I am induced to this conclusion for a further
reason. We have passed a law, both Houses
having concurred in it, authorizing the appoint-
ment of agents by these commissioners who
can go into the localities where these claims
originate for the purpose of examining and
reporting to them further evidence. As the
law has stood, we know very well that there
are no agents on the part of the Government
to investigate these claims; but the commis-
sioners themselves investigate the testimony,
and only the claimants bring forward their
testimony and the cases are heard ex parte.
We have now passed a law giving them au-
thority to appoint men to go through the coun-
try and obtain testimony with reference to the
claims which have been examined since the
commencement of the present session of Con-
gress and not reported ; these agents appointed
by them can go to the localities and examine
into the testimony and report to them, and
thus the chances are increased that we shall
get correct decisions and the Government be
protected and the claimant as well.
There is another reason also, Mr. President.
On the claims that have been reported here
there has been no action by Congress up to
this tune; and why shall we be in haste to re-
quire of these commissioners that they shall
report further claims before the adjournment
of the present session, when we have not acted
upon the claims that have already been pre-
sented?
This, Mr. President, is all I have to say on
this question. I have not any thought ibat
what 1 have said will influence the mmd ot a
single Senator. I only desired to state the
reasons that.influence my vote on this question.
I do not believe the bill ought to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
the bill read again.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am very glad that
! the Senator from Iowa has called attention to
this bill. I think it ought to be thoroughly
considered before it is passed. It will be
remembered that we had quite a discussion
when this commission was created. I was not
in favor of the creation of the commission
myself. I thought it was very dangerous to
establish such a commission. We had already
provided a Court of Claims where parties
having demands upon the Government might
present them, and where they could be sub-
jected to a judicial investigation; and then
we created this sort of a committee, where
there are no attorneys for the Government;
its examination is ex'parte entirely. I do not
think we ought to pass any law giving any
additional force to the powers we have already
conferred upon this commission.
The Senator says we have not yet made an
appropriation to pay any claims which they
have reported; and when that subject comes
up I think it ought to be thoroughly under-
stood by the Senate before we make an appro-
priation to pay those claims. Now, the effect
of this, without having the other bill before
me, I do not know that I fully understand  
Mr. HOWE. Let me tell the Senator what
the effect of this is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Under the original act they
can only report at the opening of a session of
Congress. It is the sole purpose of this reso-
lution to allow them to report at other times.
They made a report at the opening of this
session. They have since heard other claims.
The claimants would like that they should
make reports. They cannot get a dollar from
the Treasury on those claims if they are re-
ported until we make the appropriation. The
only good it can do the claimants to have the
report made is that it will show their friends
that they have the verdict of this commission
to the effect that so much money is due them,
and sometimes I am told it enables them to
get a little credit, and so affords them some
relief.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course if this passes,
that being the only object of it, every claim-
ant the moment his claim is passed upon will
insist upon its being reported to Congress,
and the commission will find it very difficult
to resist that importunity.
Mr. HOWE. The commission, I am well
assured, are entirely satisfied with this bill;
they were not satisfied that the other resolu-
tion should be adopted which instructed them
to report, but this resolution, which passed the
House of Representatives, and which simply
gives them authority to report withoutrequirmg
it of them, is entirely satisfactory to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The result of it will
be, as we can all see, to hurry th( se claims
through. The report may bo made to-day
and an effort will be made to put it into an
appropriation at the present session, and it is
paid at once. Congress has been so cautious
in regard to the payment of claims afrer decis-
ions of the Court of Claims that alter that
court render a judgment in favor of a claimant
on a judicial investigation, where the United
Slates provides attorneys for the Government
and where the witnesses are cross-examined
and testimony is taken under commission, we
have provided that at any time within two
years that court may on an application open
the decision and grant a new trial if they think
the Government has been njured in anyway
by the judgment, or there are any new foots
to induce them to believe they ought not to
have rendered the judgment which was ren-
dered. We have provided that there shall be
two years within which to do this in reference
to judgments in that court. Now, yon propose
to have this report made here, and that is the
end of it, of course, with the commission. If
it is made here, there is no jurisdiction over it
afterward, and of course the next thing is to
pay the claims. Congress, 1 presume for wise
purposes, when we passe 1 the bill a year or
two aero organizing this claims commission,
provided that their icports should be made at
the commencement of each session of Congress
in order that there might be some time to con-
sider them before they were presented. I do
not propose myself to go one single step fur-
ther than we went when we established this
claims commission in ollowirg these demand?
to be pressed upon the Government and paid
out of the Treasury. I think we have gone far
enough in creating the two tribunals which we
have. In fact, we ought not, in my judgment,
to have had more than the one. However, as
we have created this commission, let it exer-
cise the jurisdiction already granted : but I am
certainly opposed to granting it any additional
jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know but that I ought
to say one word. I really do not care much—--
for myself I do not care at all—whether this
