1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
societies, trade unions, and strikes. Now. I
desire to say that there is absolutely no evi-
dence whatever in the bill that sueh an inten-
tion exists. I desire to gay that while my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] is the author of
this bill, and is entitled to and deserves all the
credit for bringing before the country a meas-
ure so fraught with interest to the people, the
bill comes before this House at the present
time mainly through my own agency. The com-
mittee of which I have the honor to be chair-
man has in charge two great subjects which
involve the interests of the entire people of
the country, namely, all the educational inter-
ests and all the labor interests of the nation.
Now, sir, I foresaw that if this question was
not brought before the House during the pres-
ent call of committees, in the limited time
allowed to each committee, these two great
interests would be made antagonistic. And
finding the bill of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] upon the calendar of the
committee, I immediately called a meeting of
the committee for its consideration. It was
discussed thoroughly by the committee, and
as the result of that discussion the unanimous
vote of the committee directed it to be reported
to this House.
Now, sir, I represent a laboring constituency;
I representaconstituency which earns its bread
by the sweat of the face. I represent, however,
a constituency belonging to that portion of the
laboring community which, although it com-
prises nearly three fourths of the entire labor-
ing population of America, makes less noise
in the world about their interests than any
other. I refer to the agricultural laborers, the
laborers who own the soil, and work upon it.
It is in their interest, it is in the interest of the
laborers ofthe South, mostly composed of agri-
cultural laborers, that I advocate the passage
of this bill.
I call the attention of gentlemen from the
South upon this floor to the peculiar phase of
this bill which directly interests them and their
constituencies.
There arrive upon oar shores every year
several hundred thousand immigrants. Those
immigrants are composed mainly of the dom-
inant classes of the world, men who are instinct
with thought and intelligence, but whose only
fortunes consist iti their capacity for labor.
Under the present system the majority of these
immigrants seek our western States. Most
of them are unskilled; a few are skilled; and
the services of the latter axe demanded at once
in our manufacturing and mining districts.
But the great majority of unskilled and agri-
cultural laborers pass through the eastern
States, pass through the mining and manufac-
turing districts, to our western States, where
an almost limitless expanse of fruitful soil
awaits their labor.
But, sir, we of the South have a soil equally
fruitful; we have land equally cheap ; we have
a climate more than equally salubrious. Sir.
from Cairo to the mouth of the Mississippi
river, and from the Mississippi throughout the
broad belt of its length to the Atlantic ocean,
there are almost a hundred acres of virgin
forest to every acre of cultivated land. I desire
that, these lands shall be occupied by people ;
who will bring them into cultivation and make
them fruitful. We have, sir, a climate far
superior to the climate of the West. We com-
mence to plow our land and prepare it for the
seed on the 1st day of January; and we plant our
corn in February, when ice and frost have en-
tire sway in the less hospitable climate of the
West. Our cattle throughout ten months of
the year obtain their own subsistence in the
field without shelter, and are in good order and
condition when the cattle and sheep and
other domestic animals of the western and
northern States are shivering in sheds or under
the lee of hay-ricks, seeking a shelter from the
frost and sleet and snow of those climates.
The results of the war have created great
gaps in our industries, and thousands of acres
of fruitful soil are now lying useless and un-
fruitful because of the lack of labor. Gentle-
men of the South, let us put up here a guide-
board to the thousands coming to our shores
in search of new homes, and turn the tide in
our direction. The great need of the South,
thishour, isimmigration. I aver that nowhere
on the broad continent of America can the
laborer receive as the result of his labor sueh
returns as he can in the cotton belt of the
southern States. A commission of the char-
acter contemplated by this bill must show this
statement to be a fact. It will show that com-
petency will follow industry in the South with
fleeter footstep than in any other portion of
the country. A report upon the labor inter-
ests of this country must take into considera-
tion the question of immigration, the thousands
of immigrants arriving annually materially
affecting the labor of the whole country.
The report of the commission must show
where, in what portion of our country, indus-
try receives its greatest reward. Such a report
will be spread abroad. The German peasant,
longing to cast away the garb of his caste and
elevate himself into the sphere of intelligent,
thinking, laboring manhood, will study its
pages. The British laborer, tired of toiling
for the thirty or forty thousand land-owners
of England, will read it in the cottages and
mines and mills of Great Britain, and through-
out the world its influence will be felt. In this
country, sir, it will tend to distribute immigra-
tion more equally. The capital of the immi-
grant is his labor, and he surely will invest that
capital where it will yield the best returns. By
this commission we inform him officially where
he can receive the largest reward for his labor,
and we may confidently leave the rest to his
individual judgment. Why, sir, in every south-
ern State, so far as I know, there are not only
State organizations, but county and district
organizations and societies for the purpose of
distributing just such information as this com-
mission must show, and inducing immigration
to our section ; and if it but tends indirectly to
this end, we of the South would be false to our-
selves and the interests of our constituency if
we did not support the measure. Iaverthat.it
directly tends to induce immigration toward our
section, and with the tide of immigration, free-
dom-searching immigration, turned our way,
our waste places will be built up, our country j
filled with a happy, industrious, and intelligent :
population, our cities crowded with industrious
artisans, labor will be elevated and ennobled, j
and, better than all, the sectional bitterness
and malice and the hate and prejudice of race
and color will be so lost and absorbed in the
coming throng that men may know that such
things were, but shall not know whither they
have departed.
In short, Mr. Speaker, I see nothing in this
bill that can result in anything but good. It
has no power to harm; it is not intended to
shape legislation to particular ends. It only
forms a receptacle m which the intelligence
of the whole country may be gathered and
redistributed for the benefit and advantage of !
all, and this at a cost so trifling as to be not j
worth speaking of in comparison with the
great objects to be attained, As 1 stated be-
fore, I had hoped this measure would receive
the approval of all. There is no political
point, to be gained. It is for the benefit of
laborers as laborers and not as politicians,
and should, in my judgment, receive the com-
mendation ofthe entire House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STORM obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to introduce my substitute now?
Mr. STORM. I will yield for that purpose
if 1 do not lose my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Storm]
as entitled to the floor after the substitute has
been read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I offer as a substituto
the following:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint committee of five mem-
bers ot the House and members of the Senate
be appointed, whoso duty it shaif be to investigate
the subject of the wages and hours of labor, and
of the division of the joint profits of labor and cap-
ital between the laborer and capitalist, and the
social, educational, and sanitary condition of the
laboring classes of the United States, and how the
same are affected by existing laws regulating com-
merce, finance, and currency; and that said joint
committee shall have power to send for persons and
papers, to employ a clerk, and to report at any time,
Mr. BINGHAM. I raise the question of
order whether it is competent to amend a
House bill by substituting a concurrent reso-
lution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If my proposition is not
in order in its present form, I will modify it so
as to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the bill and insert what has been read.
Mr. DAWES. Can we iu a bill enact the
appointment ofa committee of the two Houses?
I Mr. BINGHAM. I raise the question
! whether it is competent to appoint a joint
I committee by a bill,
| The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
| the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] is
not in order. The bill now pending proposes
legislation demanding for its consummation
the action of the House, the Senate, and the
President. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio proposes merely the concurrent
action of the two Houses; and the proposi-
tion is not pertinent as an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. May it not be offered as
a substitute?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be offered as a
substitute, because it does not comprehend the
same scope of legislation. It is a separate and
distinct proposition for the raising of a joint
committee.
Mr. DAWES. By act of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. And the bill does not
propose a committee of either House.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] who has just
addressed the House on this bill, has stated
that it is the unanimous report of the com-
mittee; that, the subject has been thoroughly
discussed by the committee, and that this bill
embodies their mature action. I beg to call
the gentleman's attention to the fact that in
committee we had neither time nor opportun-
ity to discuss the bill to the satisfaction of any
member of the committee; but as we feared
the committee would be called on the day
when this measure was reported, and as noth-
ing better could be devised at that time, it was
agreed that the bill should be presented, every
member of the committee having, of course,
the right to propose any amendments he might
choose. I need not say that the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] if'it had been allowed, would have
been perfectly agreeable to me, and would
have coincided with my views on this subject.
Among other reasons presented against the
introduction of this bill it has been urged that
we have no right to investigate a subject mat-
ter upon which we have no right to legislate.
We can investigate every subject upon which
we legislate, but the converse is not true that
we cannot investigate without the right, to legis-
late. The Census Bureau, by authority and
direction of law, investigates and gathers sta-
tistics relating to wages, to education, mar-
riage, insanity, &c.—subjects generally upon
which the Congress of the United States can-
not legislate, because they belong peculiarly to
the States.
Some of the evils now complained of will
have to be remedied, so far as the enactment
of laws goes, by the States themselves. But
the investigation of the subject of labor by a
competent aud impartial commission or com-
