168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
IIo. of Beps.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Davis.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
the residuary sovereignty of the States in
respect to these subjects. But the measures,
the validity of which is affirmed by the reso-
lutions, sweep away the Government estab-
lished by the Constitution, and convert it into
a consolidated Government, or a Government
of the majority. They revolutionize the entire
system of government both State and Federal,
aud break down all the barriers so wisely estab-
lished to preserve the rights of the people and
the reserved sovereignty of the States. When
once the power to establish citizenship in the
States, to proscribe the qualifications of their
officers, and to limit or restrain their right to
regulate suffrage as they please is conceded to
the Federal Government, the States are re-
duced to petty corporations. They may exist in
name, but their substance will have departed.
What other powers will you confer upon the
Government to make its consolidation more
complete V
By the frame of government established by
the Constitution the powers delegated were
wisely distributed among three distinct and
coordinate departments, legislative, executive,
and judicial, the independence of each of which
is secured aud its powers defined. All the legis-
lative powers granted in the Constitution are
vested iu a Congress which is therein provided
for. This department of the Government is
to consist of a Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. The latter body is to be composed
of '• members chosen every second year by the
people of the several States, and the electors
in each State shall have the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature." The Senate
is to be composed of two Senators from each
State chosen by the Legislature thereof for six
3 ears, and it is expressly provided that no
State, by any amendment to the Constitution,
shall ever be deprived of its equal suffrage in
the Senate. These two bodies, thus consti-
tuted, form the CoBgressin which all legislative
powers granted in the Constitution are vested.
The people of each State have a right to par-
ticipate in the legislation of the country, and
were careful to reserve this right by providing
that each State should have two Senators and
at least one Representative. As the Consti-
tution has thus prescribed how Congress shall
be constituted, and as it can exist only as it
xvas created by the Constitution, a body com-
posed of Representatives from only a part of
the Stales, who arbitrarily deny to the other
States the right of representation thereiu, is
not a constitutional Congress, and is vested
with no legislative powers. The power to
propose amendments was granted to the Con-
gress provided for in the first article of the
Constitution, and to no other body or assem-
bly of men. A fragmentary body, which as-
sumes to exclude the Representatives from a
number of the States, cannot therefore exer-
cise this power.
If such an assembly is a constitutional Con-
gress, vested with the whole legislative power
of the Government, and can exclude ten States
from representation, while assuming to legis-
late for them, why may not a majority of such
fragmentary body exclude twenty, and a ma-
jority still of the body thus reduced deny the
right of rejiresentation to other States, and so
this process of reduction be carried on until
the whole legislative power of the Government
is vested in a single State? This is to assert
the Omnipotence of Congress, and to concede
to it the power, at its own pleasure, to change
entirely the character and form of government
and destroy the Union. It is the concentra-
tion of all the powers of government in the
same hands, arid '' is precisely the definition
of despotic government."
The framers of the Constitution knowing
the tendency of power toward centralization,
and especially the tendency of the legislative
department to extend its own powers by usurp-
ation, hedged«it in by checks and limitations,
and carefully enumerated its powers so as to
leave no room for abuse or misconstruction.
No sueh power of exclusion was conferred
upon Congress by the Constitution, and its
exercise, whatever may be the pretext, is
simply revolution.
As no governments constructed by human
agency are ever perfect, that established by
the Constitution was not supposed to form an
exception.
Its organization, in that the powers dele-
gated were distributed among three coordinate
departments, with powers limited and defined
by a written Constitution, was an experiment.
Time and experience, it was foreseen, might
prove that alterations would be useful to enable
it to exercise efficiently the powers delegated,
or that the exercise of such powers being
injurious to the States as well as dangerous to
the liberties of the people, further limitations
and restrictions should be imposed to secure
these. It was necessary, therefore, to provide
a mode of introducing such provisions or
amendments, and this power is provided in
the Constitution. To the Congress created
thereby the power is granted to propose
"amendments to the Constitution " whenever
two thirds of that body shall concur therein,
which are to be valid and binding as parts
thereof when ratified by three fourths of the
States, either by the Legislatures thereof or by
conventions therein called for that purpose.
This power is granted in the Constitution as
originally framed, and by virtue thereof twelve
amendments were subsequently made to it,
the object of which was not to enlarge, but to
limit the power of the Government and to
guard against misconstruction and abuse.
One ot' those amendments, the tenth article, I
have already recited. It is to be remembered
that the power granted is to "proposeamend-
ments," and while none but a constitutional
Congress can exercise such power, it is lim-
ited to what are strictly "amendments" to the
Constitution. The power is given to three
fourths of the States, by their ratification, to
render these valid as parts of that instrument.
If it be true, and I suppose no one will seri-
ously undertake to dispute the fact, that the
Federal Government is a compact to which
the States, or the people of each State, as a
separate and distinct political community, are
parties, and that the States parted with only so
much of their sovereignty as is specified in the
Constitution, and retained all powers not
granted, is it not true also that as to the pow
ers reserved the people of each State, as a
State, each acting for itself, are alone com-
petent to dispose of them, and that any en-
largement of Federal powers at the expense
of the States, by invading their residuary sov-
ereignty, or stripping them of their reserved
powers, is a transmutation of.the Government
and the establishment of a new compact, which,
in order to claim validity, should receive the
voluntary assent of each State whose reserved
sovereignty is to be impaired or diminished?
As the form of Government was fixed and
established by the Constitution—which is the
compact by which the parties to it, the people
of the several States as distinct sovereignties,
agreed to be bound—can its character be
changed except by the unanimous concurrence
of the parties who made it? I know that the
reply to all this may be that while, as a general
rule of law as between contracting parties, the
proposition announced is true, the Constitu-
tion warrants a departure from it, inasmuch as
the power is delegated to three fourths of the
States to amend it. But I put the inquiry
whether the power thus delegated extends to
anything more than the substance of the Con-
stitution ? Does it embrace matters that were
not in the Constitution, and which each State
refused to delegate in the grant of powers to
the Federal Government? Would the States
reserve what they had no power or right to
retain as against the will of three fourths of
their number? Of what force is the reserva-
tion if the possession of the thing reserved
is dependent on the will of another? The res-
ervation was unconditional and absolute. It
was competent to the people of the several
States to delegate all the powers of the States
to the Federal Government; but as the dele-
gations were few and defined,_ it is not only
reasonable to presume, hut it is in harmony
with the objects for which the Government
was established, to maintain that by expressly
reserving what was not granted the several
States, or the people thereof, designed to pre-
serve the individual supremacy and sovereignty
of each State overits reserved rights and pow-
ers against the Federal Government, as well
as against each and every other State. As
these were not embraced in the Constitution,
they were not to be subject to its operation or
influence; and to concede that the several
parties to the Constitution delegated to three
fourths of their number the right by amend-
ments to strip the remainder of all the powers
they refused to surrender, is to assert a doc-
trine not only pregnant with the most serious
consequences, but which makes the Constitu-
tion a charter of oppression to minorities, and
of no effect as a limitation upon arbitrary
power; for if by the power of amendment they
may be stripped of a part of their rights, by
the exercise of the same power they may be
stripped of the whole.
It seems to me that there is a marked dis-
tinction between "amendments" and such
provisions or additions as make essentially
radical and fundamental changes in the char-
acter of the Government. As the States as
to all powers not delegated are sovereign and
independent of each other, and were careful
in order to guard against any extension of the
powers granted to insist upon an amendment
to the Constitution as origiually framed, de-
claring in explicit terms that its authority
extended only to delegated powers, and that
such as were not delegated each State re-
served, it is in my judgment not only a vio-
lent but a dangerous construction that holds
the power of amendment to extend to such
rights a3 were reserved by the States, over
which they refused to delegate any power, and
which were not embraced in the Constitution.
It is such a construction as is not reconcilable
with the tenth article of amendments, which
is practically and to all intents and purposes
nullified by such interpretation; for if the
power is held to extend to other than the sub-
stance of the Constitution, to the diminution
of the reserved sovereignty of th'e States by
depriving them of the power to regulate and
control such vital matters as the right of
suffrage, of citizenship, and of property, over
which they severally refused to relinquish juris-
diction, the reservation of any powers by the
States amounts to nothing, and the adoption,
of the tenth amendment must be regarded as
a work of superlative folly. It was reserving,
what had -already been surrendered.
The exercise of a power so extraordinary
as this and so incompatible with the nature
of the Government, as one of limited and
delegated powers, would subvert the Constitu-
tion aud subject a minority of the States to
the power and will of an uncontrolled and
uncontrollable majority. The frame of gov-
ernmentagreed to by the people of the several
States would depend for its continuance upon
the will of three fourths of their number, who,
by the exercise of this power so construed
could at any moment, when either prompted
