1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the Territory of Colorado; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee oil the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
ute indians, colorado.
Mr. CHAFFEE also introduced a joint reso-
lution (tl. 11. No. 102] authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to make certain negotiations
with the Ute Indians in Colorado ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
homesteads and preemption claims.
Mr. CHAFFEE alsointroduced a bill (H. E.
No. 1040) in relation to homesteads and pre-
emption claims; which was read a first and
BPeond time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
legislative assembly op idaho.
Mr. MERRITT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1G41) in relation to the Legislative Assembly
of Idaho Territory; which was read a first and
Second time, referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
.tames stout.
Mr. MERRITT also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1042) for the relief of James Stout,
agent of the Treasury at, Boisfi City, Idaho
Territory; which was read a first and second
time, with the accompanying papers referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
anacostia and potomac railroad.
Mr. CE1IPMAJT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 104.'!) to incorporate the Anaeostia and
Potomac Railroad Company in tho District
of Columbia; which was read a first and
secoml time, referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed'.
dkkkotivb titles in this district.
Mr. CIIIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
It. No. 1044) to cure defective titles in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be pruned.
usury laws.
Mr. CHTPMAN also introduced a bill (II.
II. No. 1045) to amend the usury laws of the
District ol Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
army officers.
Mr. CIIfPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. l(ifii) to repeal section three ofajolnt
resolution for the relief ol certain officers of
the Army; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
okdhh of business.
The SPEAKER. The States and Terri-
tories having been called for bills and joint
resolutions for reference, the remainder of the
morning liourwill be for resolutions, bills, &c ,
for consideration at the present time. Reso-
lutions are in oider from the State of Maine,
where the call rested last Monday.
civil rights,
Mr. FRYE. At the request of Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, I introduce a bill supple-
mental to an act entitled "An act to protect
all ci'izens of the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means for their vin-
dication," passed April 9, 1860, upon which I
propose to call the previous question.
lhe bill (H. li. No. 1047) was read a first
time.
^ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Has notice
been given of this bill under the rule?
Mr. FRYE. Notice has been given.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
th.ur that notice has been given.
Mr. DAWBS. Is this bill so drawn as to
exclude from its operation all those people
in the United States who have not yet become
citizens?
, Mr. FRYE. I believe that the gentlemen
from the Pacific coast reserve their peculiar
rights;
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. A parlia-
mentary inquiry. I want to know by whom
notice was given, and on what day.
■ The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that notice was given on Thursday or
Friday last bv Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Hooper
does not offer the bill now.
The SPEAKER. It has been repeatedly
ruled that where notice has been given by
one member another member can introduce
the bill, the notice not being personal, but to
the House.
Mr. DAWES.- I have no objection to the
general purpose of the bill, but I want to
express my regret that my colleague, [Mr.
Hooper] 
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, is debate
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I object, unless
there can be an opportunity to reply.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As a ques-
tion of order, how does the Chair rule that
noiico should be given ?
The SPEAKER. The rule itself prescribes
that notice shall be given eii her in open House
or by handing it to the Clerk, who embodies
it in the Journal which is read the next day.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Was this
notice read the next day ? I wish to have that
question settled.
The SPEAKER. That is for the Clerk to
determine by relerence to the Journal. The
Chair is not advised on that point. It is a
question of fact which must be decided by an
appeal to the Journal.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is waiting
until the question of fact lias been decided as
to whether notice was given in the Journal of
the intention of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to offer this bill. If such notice was
not Kiven, the Chair will sustain the point of
order that the bill is not before the House.
The Chair is now inlormed by the Clerk that
notice was given on last Thursday, and was
read on Friday morning as a part of the
Journal. . The bill is therefore properly before
the House.
Mr. COX. Is the bill debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is intro-
duced during the morning hour under the sec-
ond call, the call for resolutions; and the
gentleman introducing it indicates his purpose
to call the previous question. The bill will
be read.
'The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that no citizen of the United Slates
shall, by reason of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, be excepted or ex-
cluded from the. full and equ.il enjoyment of
any accommodation, advantage, facility, or
privilege furnished by innkeepers; by com-
mon carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of the-
aters or other places of public amusement;
by trustees, commissioners, superintendents,
teachers, and other officers of common schools
and other public institutions of learning, the
same being supported by moneys derived from
general taxation, or authorized by law ; by
trustees and officers of cemetery associations
and benevolent institutions incorporated by
national or State authority. But private
schools, cemeteries, and institutions of learn-
ing established exclusively for white or colored
persons, and maintained respeciively b}- volun-
tary contributions, shall remain according to
the terms of the original establishment.
The second section provides that any person
violating any of the provisions of the fore-
going section, or aiding in their violation, or
inciting thereto, shall, for every such offense,
forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to tho person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered in an action
on the case, with full costs, and shall also,
for every such offense, be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof,
shall be fined not less than $500 nor more
than $1,000, or shall be imprisoned not less
than thirty days nor more than one year ; pro-
vided that the party aggrieved is not to recover
more than one penally ; and when the offense
is a refusal of burial, the penalty may be
recovered by the heirs at law of the person
whose body has been refused burial.
The third section enacts that the same juris-
diction and powers are hereby conferred and
the same duties enjoined upon the courts and
officers of the United States in the execution
of iIlia act as are conferred and enjoined upon
such courts and officers in sections ttiree, four,
five, seven, and ten of all act entitled "An uct
to protect all persons in the United States in
their civil rights, and to furnish the means of
their vindication," passed April 9, 1800, and
these sections are hereby made a part of this
act; and any of the aforesaid officers failing to
institute and prosecute such proceedings herein
required shall, for every such offense, forfeit
and pay the sum of $500 to the person aggrieved
thereby, to be recovered by an action on the
case, with full costs, and shall, on conviction
theieof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and be fined not less than $1,000 nor more
than $5,000.
The fourth section provides that no citizen
possessing all other qualifications which aic or
may be prescribed by law shall be disqualified
for service as juror in any court, national or
State, by reason of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude ; and any officer or other per-
son charged with any duly in the selection or
summoning of jurors who shall exclude or tail
to summon any citizen for the reason above-
named is, on conviction thereof, to be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be fined not less
than $1,000 nor more than $5,000.
The fifth section repeals every discrimina-
tion against any citizen on account of color by
the use of the word " white" in any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, or regulation.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Is it in order for the gentleman
introducing this bill to so modify it as to strike
out the word "citizen" and insert the word
'•person," so that it will apply to all persons?
The SPEAKER. Notice of a bill of this
kind is given by the title merely. The Chair
is not informed whether the bill just read is
the precise bill which the gentleman Irotn
Mas sachusetts had in mind when hegavenotice
by the title of the introduction of the bill.
That is a matter concerning which, of course,
the Chair can know nothing.
Mr. ELDREDGE. As a parliamentary in-
quiry, I ask whether it is in order to move
that the bill be not received by the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ELDREDOE. I make that motion.
Mr. COX. 1 would like to have the Chair
rule on the point of order made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.j
lhe SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled that
notice of the introduction of this bill has been
given by handing the title to the Journal clerk.
1 he Chair does n^t know, nor does he see how
the gentleman from Massachusetts can know,
that this is not the precise bill intended *o be
covered by that notice.
Mr. COX. It is within the power of any-
body to change the substance of a bill without
changing the title.
lhe SPEAKER. When a gentleman gives
notice that he will introduce a bill of a certain
title,_ the Chair cannot of course know what
modifications he may make in the bill between
the time of giving notice and the time of
introduction.
