2908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
resolution be agreed to or not. I do not think
it will do anybody much good if we agree to
it. I know it will not do anybody any hurt if
we do agree to it. That is very certain. The
Senator from Illinois assumes that if we allow
this commission to report we shall at once
make an appropriation to pay whatever suras
they report. The answer to that is that at the
opening of this session they did make a report
of their previous doings, and we have not ap-
propriated a dollar to meet any of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
expect to offer a bill for that purpose?
Mr. HOWE. 1 have no more expectation
of offering it myself than I have that the Sen-
ator from Illinois will offer it, and I have not
any very profound belief that he will offer it.
Mr SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether from his past experience he
has any fear that the appropriations to pay
these claims will be hurried through ?
Mr. HO WE. No, I have not any fear of
that. The claims which this commission can
hear are only the claims of those who estab-
lish their loyalty in fact. No man can go
belore the commission and lay claim to a dol-
lar except upon the fundamental condition that
he shows that he adhered to the cause of the
Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the same in ref
erence to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HOWE. No one of these men can go
into the Court of Claims at all if he was ever
so loyal. I saythese men cannot get a dollar
unless they show that they are loyal, and
therefore I have no expectation that a bill
will ever be hurried through to pay them.
When a bill comes here which lets all rebeldom
into your Treasury, not to get compensation
for property which we took to support our
armies upon, but for property which we took
from them because it was aiding the rebellion
itself; property which we took from them,
not because they were guilty, but because the
property itself was guilty—when they come
and ask to be let into the Treasury, L do not
expect their petition will be heard. I have
seen their petitions go through here—they are
not quite through yet, but they are going on
the double quick—and 1 am rather inclined to
think, though 1 have not watched the debate,
thai my Iriend, the honorable Senator from
Illinois, is lather helping them along. 1 do
not know how the fact is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am glad to hear that I am
mistaken in that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have always insisted
that the Court of Claims and all other courts
should he shut against the claims of those
engaged in the rebellion on account of prop-
erty that was destroyed in the war. I have never
voted lor such a proposition. The Senator is
entirely mistaken. I was opposed to the Drake
amendment because I thought that was uncon-
stitutional.
Mr. HOWE. Audi understood the Sena-
tor was opposed to the Morrill amendment,
which is a different thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 was, in the form in
which it is presented, because it has a pro-
vision in it which I think destroys the court,
that no money shall be paid out of the Treas-
ury without ao express appropriation by Con-
gress subsequently ; but 1 was in favor and am
in favor of the provision that is in the law,
and I am willing it should be made stronger if
the Senator knows how to draw it stronger,
that no man shall have a standing in the Court
of Claims unless he be a loyal man.
Mr. HOWE. I am extremely glad to hear
my friend say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said so always.
You never heard me say different.
Mr. HOWE. I say I am extremely glad to
hear that, and I hope he will put something
stronger in the statute, because the news-
papers tell us—and I know nothing that I do
not get from the newspapers in these latter
days, and that must be my apology for my
extreme ignorance—that while we have been
debating this very question involved in the
Morrill amendment the Court of Claims has
pronounced judgments which take millions 1
out of your Treasury and put them into the j
hands of men who were fighting you from the j
very commencement of the rebellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will al
low me, I think he is unjust toward the Court
of Claims. I understand the Court of Claims
to have decided in an elaborate opinion—and
if I had time I could send for it; I have seen
the opinion—that they have no jurisdiction of
a case unless it appears that the party has
given no aid or comfort to the rebellion. They
have decided that ; it is their rule of decision ;
and if they have made any other, I do not
know of it.
Mr. HOWE. I understand they have de-
cided so, but somebody or other took an appeal
from the decision and the Supreme Court of
the United States reversed the decision on that
point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator spoke of
the Court of Claims. The decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States is another
matter.
Mr. HOWE. And since the Supreme
Court of the United Slates reveised that de-
cision. and while the Senate has been holding
high debate upon the question of putting some
new restriction upon the jurisdiction of that
court, made neces.sary iu view of that, decision,
I understand from the newspapers that court
has pronounced judgments which will take
millions out of your Treasury and put them
into the pockets of men who never pretended
to be loyal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T am not informed
what they have done since that decision was
rendered. I suppose the Court of Claims
necessarily would have to conform their de-
cision in an appealed case to the decision of
the Supreme Court.
Mr. MORTON. What was the statement
of the Senator from Wisconsin ? I did not
hear it.
Mr. HOWE. My statement was that since
the decision of the Supreme Court reversing
what has been the rule ot decision in the Court
of Claims as to their jurisdiction over the
petition of rebels, and while we have been
debating this provision which we speak of as
the Morrill amendment, the Court of Claims
has pronounced judgments which will take
millions out of the Treasury on the petitions
of men who never pretended to be loyal for a
day during the war. That is my information,
as I say, based upon the newspapers. But I
must beg pardon of the Senate for being
seduced into this debate.
This is a very simple resolution. It does
not call for a dollar of money. It simply allows
this claims commission to disburden them-
selves of just so many eases as they have fully
considered and themselves think they ought
to report and can report safely. That is all it
means.
Mr. MORTON. They will have to report
at some time If so, why not now?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know any reason.
They must report at some time. They must
report at the opening of each session. They
did report at the opening of this session, and
as the law now stands they cannot report again
until the opening of the next.
Mr. CARPEN TEIl. I do not see that the
resolution now before the Senate amounts to
anything pro or core. I was opposed to the
establishment of this commission, although
I think I was detained from the Senate by
sickness at the time it passed, and I simply
avail myself of this opportunity to enter my
protest against the whole proceeding which
created the commission and all the proceed-
ings of the commission underthe act. I think
it was a mistake of great magnitude ever to
create the commission.^ We have at this
session passed a law which gives them the
power to take adverse testimony, testimony on
behalf of the United States, and so I fear we
shallgo on in thu proceeding, step by step, until
we give to their proceedings all the qualities
of an award of arbitrators, and thereby have
the faith of the Government pledged to the
payment, of those claims reported without any
regard to our opinion on their merits. For
that reason and that only, I shall vote against
this resolution.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN". I would ask the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] whether
there is not some advantage in this ciaims
commission holding these reports in view of
the power which has been given them as to
taking further testimony, as to getting adverse
testimony, as to sending agents into the local-
ities whence the claims come?
There is another advantage in holding these
reports that has occurred to me which has
not been stated. My observation, and I may
say my experience, is that time is the essence
of every good conclusion and judgment, and
that there is great advantage alter you have
investigated a subject in having it under your
control for a month or two. You may not
change your opinion ; but time either does
change it or confirms it; and unless there is
some advantage in the proposed change, I
should think it vvas better to leave the case as
it is
Mr. HOWE. 1 am a little surprised at this
opposition, I wish some Senator, if there is
any real objection to the passage of a bill
which is asked for by our fiiends, and friends
1 who have suffered as vac never dreamed of
suffering, and which does not relieve them, I
admit, to the amount of a dollar, but relieves
their feelings—and it is the only thing they
have ever asked for that we have granted—
would move to postpone the further considera-
tion of this case. 1 will not oppose that motion.
J'iie VICE PRESIDENT 1'. A single objec-
tion will place the joint resolution on the Cal-
endar for future consideration, as it has been
taken up subject to a demand for the regular
order.
Mr. WEST. I desire to offer an amend-
ment that will perhaps obviate some objec
tions made on the other side. It is to insert
after the word ''judgment," in the ninth line,
the words " and upon such cases as they shall
deem it expedient or advisable to do so."
Mr. HOWE. That is the same thing. It
means that now.
Mr. WEST. It obliges them to make an
entire report now; but if the Senator thinks
it means what my amendment proposes, I will
! not press the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. If it is the wish of the
chairman of the Committee on Claims that
this matter should go over, I will accommodate
him and move its postponement.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish it should go over rather
than be defeated. I am not applying to have
it go over ; but I say if the Senate are unwill-
ing to pass it, I would prefer that their un-
willingness should be expressed upon amotion
to postpone, rather than up >n a direct vote on
the bill. I cannot consent to that without a
struggle.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the chairman object
to passing it over until to morrow?
. The VICE PRESIDENT. A single objec-
tion or a Senator rising with a report of a com-
mittee, which is now the business in order,
will place it on the Calendar.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection ^
made to the present consideration of the bill,
and it goes on the Calendar.
papers withdrawn and referred
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas
Ji. Dowling, in regard to his claim to the island ot
