220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
mittee would furnish facts upon which the
people could form a correct judgment. Noth-
ing is more corrective of abuses and wrongs
in a free Government than enlightened public
opinion.
It must be admitted that Congress is en-
tirely incompetent, to regulate the wages of
labor, or to interfere in contracts between cap-
ital and labor by positive legislation ; yet we
can repeal the unjust laws which I contend have
brought about the state of things we now see
around us. And the sooner we address our-
selves to this task the better will the laboring
man appreciate our boasted sympathy. There
can be, then, no constitutional objection to our
repealing all laws which an investigation may
show are unequal, unjust, and oppressive to
one class of the people, while to another class
they give peculiar privileges and franchises.
Mr. Speaker, so far as my own mind is con-
cerned, tbere is no need of an investigation on
this subject. The evils from which the indus-
trial classes of the country are complaining,
are all patent to every candid mind. They stand
out as clear as the noon-day sun. The labor-
ing man understands them. By means of asso-
ciations and cooperation, during the last few
years, the laboring classes of this country have
come to understand their rights, and knowing
them now, "dare maintain them.''
The bill proposes an investigation into all
laws passed by us relating to commerce,
finance, and currency. What must Sueh an
investigation show?
It roust show that $2,353,332 32 of prop-
erty belonging to the bondholders are exempt
from taxation. At our rate of taxation over
$5(5,000,000 of taxes which ought to be paid
are withheld, and other tax-payers must pay
just that much more to make up the deficiency.
It will show that $21,000,000 are annually
paid to banking associations as a mere bonus,
without any adequate return therefor.
It will show that ttie poor man pays on his
salt a tax of one hundred and fifty-five per
cent. : cutlery, fifty per cent.: blankets, sixty
per cent. ; clothing, sixty-five per cent. : and
spades and shovels, forty-five per cent. And
that the rich man pays on his jeweiry,diamonds,
gold rings, paintings, and statuary an average
duty of about ten percent.
No, Mr. Speaker. I do not ask any legis-
lation for the laboring classes, but let us give
them fair play. The laborer only asks you to
subject him to the operation of equal laws, and
he is satisfied. But do not tax his necessities
and put tiie luxuries of the rich man on the
free list. He does not ask you to give him
$21,000,000 annually as a gratuity. He does
not ask you to give him the public lands,
except on terms fair and open to all. The
industrial classes do not ask that you exempt
their property to the extent of more than
$2.300,000.000—more than they own—from
taxation : but do not do it for another set of
men.
Mr. Speaker, I have but little hopes that
the wrongs of the laboring man in this coun-
try wiil be remedied by the present, party in
power. I am not surprised that my friends on
this side of the House regard the movement
of my shrewd and keen-scented colleague on
the Committee on Education and Labor as a
sham and a humbug, and gotten up for the
mere purpose of throwing dust in the eyes of
hones! men. To adjust the wrongs of the labor-
ing man you must repeal every pet financial
scheme of the Republican party. Are not the
nsitional banks theirs? Is not the exemption
of the bonded debt from taxation theirs? Is
not the present tariff which favors the capital-
ist and ruins the consumer theirs? And when
you repeal these you repeal the Republ.cari
party and dissolve it into thin air. The only
obstacle in this country to the interests of the
masses is the existence of the Republican party,
and when it, ia removed a better order of things
will reign.
The old Democratic doctrine of equal and
just laws for all with no special privileges for
the few gave us peace and prosperity in the
past, and when we return to these cardinal
principles again we wiil enjoy similar bless-
ings. I shall vote for the bill, though I hope
it will be amended so as to give the subject
over to a special committee of this House, and
thus save the Government the expenses inci-
dent to a roving commission, and that that
committee will be composed of honest and
competent men who are in favor of a fair
investigation.
I now yield ten minutes of my time to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I submit the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
After section one add the following:
Provided, That said commissioners shall be ap-
pointed irrespective of political or partisan consid-
erations, and from civil life.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, this measure, in-
troduced with such a flourish of trumpets the
other day by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] comes, it seems to me.
with a very ill grace from Massachusetts, unless
there is a great reform going on in that State.
The speech made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kei.ley] also, unless there is a
great reform going on in that State, comes
with ill grace. The States of Massachusetts
and Pennsylvania have had a peculiarly good
time in getting largesses and bounties from this
Government at the expense of the industrious
classes. I hail any movement from these quar-
ters which will lead to investigation into the
relations between labor and capital. Such a
movement for investigation must come from
an impulse which is a sign of a coming power
before which parties will fall as stubble before
fire.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly knows
how to entertain the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York. It directs the Pres-
ident of the United States what he shall do.
Mr. COX. The Chair allowed the amend-
ment of the gentleman who reported this biil
to come in. It is of precisely the same tenor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will allow the
House to dispose of it.
Mr. COX. I am singularly placed about this
matter. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoab] told me he would give to me the
privilege of offering the very amendment which
came from his committee. I was prepared to
speak on that. So you see, sir, that unless I
continue in that vein I shall be embarrassed
about the very few remarks I intended to make.
[Laughter.] I am disappointed in the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. His treatment of
me under the circumstances is the cause of
my disappointment. But that is of no con-
sequence.
I think, sir, there should be no difficulty by
this biil about directing the President to ap-
point non-partisans and civilians on this com-
mission, although he would not be very likely
to follow our advice. [Laughter.] I should
like to see this direction expressed in this bill,
because it would be in the interest of civil
reform, of which we hear so much and about
which so little is done.
I welcome this investigation. I should pre-
fer to have it done, however, by men who
will represent both political parties. If it
were possible, I should have preferred the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] so that by a joint committee the
minority might represent its views upon ques-
tions which divide the parties.
We have legislated here about hours oflabor
and wages; wo legislate, or should legislate,
more liberally about tariffs; we legislate, or
should legislate, in reference to the prices of
gold, the currency, the resumption of specie
payments, and all the questions growing out of
the rate of wages and price of commodities
by reason of our anomalous double currency,
lu fact, all the other various questions con-
nected with the relations of laboi and capital
are more or less influenced ami dee ded by
our legislation. So that the fullest and fairest
inquiry is desirable for intelligent and just
action by Congress.
Moreover, Mr. Speaker, we have legislated
about "strikes." Gentlemen have gone so
far, in some of their monstrous bills, as to
open the door for the military to be used to put
down strikes. The President has recently acted
in the same direction at Chicago
We have endeavored to legislate about the
revival of our scuttled shipping ■ but our fu.,1
ure has been signal, from the ignorance among
many of the causes which not only !ed to its
destruction, but which has so disarranged that
labor fthich was once so prosperous in our
ship yards that we hav« lost the very skill lo
make ships as well as the opportunity to use
them. Is it not pertinent, therefore, that we
should understand the relations which our
singular system, by which our ship-buiid'ng has
been destroyed, that gigantic scheme ot statu-
tory frauds called tariffs, should be analyzed V
Your Secretary of the Treasury told you in his
report that by cutting down thetaiilfou pig-
iron a very small modicum, in the last Con-
gress, there was an increase of one hundred
and twenty per cent, in the importation of that
article : thereby lessening its price to the con-
sumer, and thereby increasing the revenue. It
is a fact which everyone but the old "red
sandstone" protectionists, understand that
while by high tariffs large sums go into the
Treasury as revenue, immensely larger sums
go into the pockets of capital. Thereby thu
laboring classes are fleeced. I wish this mat-
ter probed to the bottom, as it was done by
David A. Wells. It cannot be done too often
I would send for intelligent persons. I would
imitate the British parliamentary system, anu
have a full investigation into all the lamhica-
tions of the relations of capital and labor.
I would prefer, however, if, instead of wish-
ing to investigate so much, gentlemen on me
other side were more willing to do something.
Certainly some things about labor and caoital
we know. We have passed on some points.
Go to your Senate and ask them to confirm
what the House, not very promptly, did last
session about salt and coal. Cut down your
tariff again on iron. Make it three dollars a
ton on pig iron, and see whether you will not
thereby increase the importation audmakeiron,
that great necessary, cheaper to the people.
Enter upon and consummate some r. venue
reform. Even the Internationalists, who were
commended by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kkllby,] desire this action. I
have here an extract of a letter written to the
New York Times by Mr. Banks, one of their
exponents. In that letter he denounces the
very objects for which the geniiema>t from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is most responsi
ble. He denounces in the interest of the "in-
ternationale'' and of labor these swindling
jobs of railway and tariff monopoly in the in-
terest, of capitalists, and not in tbe interest
of the poor man or the laborer. He denounces
nearly all the legislation which we have been
in the habit of enacting, as controlled by the
rich and against the poor. I add his language,
which I have not time to quote in full:
" What we do claim is, that for years past the laws
have been mado by the rich, in their interest, and
Dot in the interests of peace and justice. We claim
that tbe great mais of the people are swindled b>
the system of railroad corporations, which are per-
fect tyrants and plundorere, and wo havo no means
of defending ourselves asamst their extortions and
tyrannies, beciuso they own Congress and the Gov-
ernment, and the State government;* and State Leg-
islatures, and they make tut-laws to suit themselves,
and bribo the judge- to interpret them in their own
fashion. We claim that the whole people are swin-
dled and robbed by the system of national banks,
who charge the peoplo seven per cent, interest ou
their dirty, ragged bank-notes, while the people
could have decont, clean greenbacks for nothing if
Congress and the press were not bough! and owned
