1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
Mr. LOGAN. There ought to be some way
in which they could be examined.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to the
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The, Senator
moves to amend by adding " or official copies."
Mr, EDMUNDS. No. to substitute " offi-
cial copies."
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose you say "or official
copies," so that if the Secretary thinks proper
to send the original he can do so ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution was agreed to.
st. croix and superior railroad.
Mr. flOWE. I now call up the Bayfield
bill.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves that the Senate resume
the consideration of the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the St. Croix and
Bayfield railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 565) to extend the time to the State
of Wisconsin to complete a road from Lake
St. Croix to Lake Superior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Casserly] is entitled to
the floor, the pending question being on his
amendment to the amendment of the House
of Representatives, which was entertained
yesterday by unanimous consent.
Mr. CASSERLY. Upon reading the entire
debate in the Globe this morning, for I was
not able yesterday to hear a considerable part
of it, it seems to me that 1 should not any
longer stand in the way of the course which
the Senate evidently desires to take. The
vote yesterday against concurring was quite
decided. I prefer to avail myself of the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Wisconsin
directly in front of the Chair, [Mr. Carfex-
ter,] that I should offer my amendment to the
House amendment and ask to have it read
and printed, and referred with the papers to
the committee of conference. I will there-
fore offer this amendment and ask to have it
read, printed, and referred to the committee
of conference, if one be appointed.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California modifies his amendment, and
asks to have it printed and referred without
instructions to the committee of conference
if the Senate and House shall appoint one.
If the Senator from California will send up
his amendment as modified it will be read to
the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to state that that
includes the whole of an amendment which I
understand is acceptable to the settlers upon
the tract of country in question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And be it further provided, That theUnited States
shall refund to every person who has lawfully
acquired any of the lands in the even-numbered
sections within tlie limits of the grant hereby de-
clared forfeited the money received therefor by the
United States, and upon such repayment, by the
United States, such lands shall become public lands
and be subject to the Homestead laws oi the United
States as hereinbefore provided; or, at the option
of such person, shall allow him to enter an equal
amount of land from the adjoining odd-numbered
sections without making further payment to the
United States; and it shall also bo lawful for any
person who has heretofore taken up and entered
land in said even-numbered sections under the laws
commonly known as the homestead laws to take up
and enter such an additional quantity of land in
the adjoining even-numbered sections, not mineral
or reserved, as shall make the entire amount of land
so entered and taken up by sueh person under said
homestead laws equal to one hundred and sixty
acres without payment to the United States there-
for. And the Secretary of the Interior shall make
all needful rules and regulations for carrying these
provisions into effect; and the money hereby pro-
vided to be paid shall be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
ordered to be printed. The Chair will stale,
as objections are sometimes made by either
House where the conferees on the part of the
other are supposed to be in any way instructed,
it not being then a, free conference, that if the
Senator from California has no objection, this
will be regarded as being brought to the notice
of the conference committee through the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin rather than to be formally
referred.
Mr. CASSERLY". Y'es, sir. The President
will remember that I expressly declined to ask
any instructions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
stated, in order that there should be no objec-
tion in the other House to anything like in-
structions. The Senate having disagreed to
the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives, the question recurs on the remaining
part of the motion for a conference. Will the
Senate ask for a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses?
The motion was agreed to; and by unani-
mous consent the Vice President was author-
ized to appoint the conferees on the part of
the Senate; and Messrs. Carpenter, Pome-
boy, and Kelly were appointed.
coal lands.
Mr. STEWART. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 522, the coal-land bill. I will stats
that this is a bill which has been prepared at
the Department with grea*. care, and has been
reported by the Committee on Public Lands.
I had nothing to do with the preparation of
the bill, but 1 believe that it is a good bill.
Mr. CORBETT. The only objection I have
to taking up this bill now is that I have left a
letter with the Department, and asked them
to prepare an amendment. They informed
me that the bill was now before the Senate,
and that they would send me an amendment
to cover the coal lands in our State, where
they have been reported as agricultural in
some instances, but in consequence of the
price being twenty dollars an acre there are
not many taken up.
Mr. STEWART. That would be special
legislation. This is a general bill, and I hope
it will be taken up. It is important that we
have general legislation on the subject.
Mr. CORBETT. It is important that there
should be legislation on it, but I should like to
have the amendment inserted which I sent for
and expect to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The merits of
the bill cannot be debated on the motion to
take up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 522) to provide for the sale of the lands
of the United States containing coal was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section provides that any person
above the age of twenty-one years, who is a citi-
zen of the United States, or who has declared
his intention to become such, or any association
of persons severally so qualified, shall upon ap-
plications the registerofthe properland office,
have the right to enter, by legal subdivisions,
any quantity of vacant coal lands of the United
States not otherwise appropriated or reserved
by competent authority, not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to such individual
person, or three hundred and twenty acres to
such association, upon payment to the receiver
of not less than ten dollars per acre for such
lands, where the same shall be situated more
than fifteen miles from any completed railroad,
and not less thau twenty dollars per acre for
such lands as shall be within fifteen miles of
such road.
The second section declares that any person
or association of persons severally qualified as
above, who have opened and improved, or
shall hereafter open and improve, any coal
mine or mines upon the public lands, and shall
be in actual possession of the same, shall be
entitled to a preference right of entry under
the foregoing provisions of the mines so opened
and improved. When any association of not
less than four persons, severally qualified as
in section one shall have expended not less
than $5,000 in working and improving any
such mine or mines, the association may enter
not exceeding six hundred and forty acres in-
cluding their mining improvements.
By the third section, all claims under sec-
tion two must be presented to the register of
the proper land district within sixty days after
the date of actual possession and the com-
mencement of improvements on the land, by
the filing of a declaratory statement therefor ;
but when the township plat is not on file at
the date of such improvement, filing must be
made within sixty days from the receipt of
such plat at the district office; and where the
improvements shall have been made prior to
the expiration of three months from the pas-
sage of the act, sixty days from the expiration
of the three months are to be allowed for
the filing of a declaratory statement, and no
sale under the provisions of the act is to be
allowed until the expiration of six mouths from
its date.
The fourth section declares that the act shall
be held to authorize only one entry by the same
person or association of persons under its pro-
visions ; and all persons claiming under sec-
tion two are to be required to prove their re-
spective rights and pay for the lands filed upon
within one year from the time prescribed for
filing Aeir respective claims ; and upon fail-
ure to file the proper notice, to pay for the
land within the required period, the same
shall be subject to entry by any other qualified
applicant.
The fifth section provides that m case of
conflicting claims upon surveyed lands where
the improvements shall be hereafter com-
menced, priority of possession and improve-
ment, followed by proper filing and continued
good faith, shall determine the preference
right to purchase. Upon unsurveyed lands,
and also where improvements have already
been made at the date of the passage of the
act upon surveyed land, division of the land
claimed may be made by legal subdivisions,
to include, as near as may be, the valuable
improvements of the respective parties; and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is authorized to issue all needful rules and
regulations for carrying into effect the pro-
visions of the act.
Mr. STEWART. The Delegates from the
Territories have made a suggestion of an
amendment, accompanied by a letter explan-
atory of it, in which I think they are correct.
They think the bill should be applied to un-
surveyed as well as surveyed lands. I move,
therefore, in section five, line one, to strike
out the word "surveyed;" in line five to strike
out the words upon unsurveyed lands," and
in line seven to strike out " upon surveyed
land." These verbal amendments will have
the effect of making the section apply to un-
surveyed as well as surveyed lands.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is this bill reported
from a committee?
Mr. STEWART. Y'es, sir; by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the amendment be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary;
will report the fifth section as it will stand it
the amendments proposed by the Senator from
Nevada are agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. That in ease of conflicting claims upon
lands where the improvements shall be herealter
commenced, piiority of possession and improve-
ment, followed by proper filing and continued good
faith, shall determine the preference right to pur-
chase; and also where improvements have aheady
been made at the date of the passage of this act,
division of the land claimed may be made by legal
subdivisions, to include, as near as may be, the val-
uable improvements of the respective parties; and
the Commissioner of the General Land OBice shall
