222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
profession of sympathy with labor? Why, on
this side of the House, with an almost unani-
mous cooperation and earnest effort, we came
to the supportofthat Commissioner,and recom-
mended tiie adoption of his wise counsel in the
practical enact tneni of laws for the relief of
labor; bnt in all our efforts in that behalf we
were thwarted and defeated, and scouted by
gentlemen on the other side, and by none with
more persistent eloquence than by him who
now rises to interrupt me [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. 1 ask the gentleman for
a moment, to suggest simply that the office
of Commissioner expired by its own limita-
tion.
Mr. KERB. I understand all that.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 can imagine 110 case in
which a party in power should continue an
office the functions of which had been so pros-
tituted.
Mr. KERR. I decline to yield further to the
gentleman. If the office did expire it was in
the power of gentlemen on the oilier side of
the House, as we desired them to do, to con-
tinue its tenure, to renew its existence, and a
bill for that purpose was introduced here. But
if the office did expire, with or without their
consent, fortunately for the country, for labor,
for the political intelligence of this country,
the results of that commission did not expire.
They exist to-day, and they will exist as long
as the records of this country stand, and so long
they will stand as an ever-enduring condemna-
tion of the conduct here of the Republican
party, and of the insincerity of all its profes-
sions of reform, and of the hollowness of its
pretended sy m pathy with laborers and the poor.
Mr. Speaker, capital needs no commission to
investigate its interests, or to protect it against
labor. It is powerful beyond all precedent in
history; itisorganized, harmonious, and every-
where strongly intrenched ; it fills high places
and legislative halls with its advocates; andits
hired and well-paid agents beset every avenue
to influence and power. But the great evils,
injustice, inequalities, and burdens under which
labor toils and suffers are uotorious and con-
fessed. Tbey are apparent to all intelligent,
impartial, and unselfish inen. No commission
can make them more so. What they need i«
action, immediate, effective, practical action,
oil the part of Government for their relief.
Information on which to base such action
is ample and readily attainable, is within the
easy grasp of the people's Representatives.
So far as Congress has power to grant the
needful relief by legal enactments, there need
be no delay; every gemleman in this House
who feels manly and sincere sjmpathy with
labor, and would afford it honest relief, can
do so quickly; he need-, only to appreciate
the high responsibilities of his orfice, to devote
his energies with industry and fidelity to gather
and utilize the facts ana knowledge that exi-t
in abundance all around him; and embody
the resul's into the form of wise, just, and
impartial laws.
The people elect, Congre-s to act by its own
members as a great commission, and it is our
imperative duty, by our faithful, personal toil,
study, and reflection, to qua il\ ourselves to
meet their just demand-, aud to do it without
shuffling, temporizug. or delusive pretenses.
If we cannot do this we should confess om
incompetency, resign and go home, and give
the people an opportunity to .select better men.
The Democratic minority m this House have
at all times been ready and sincerely solicitous
to meet and fully discharge these great duties.
We have always struggled to secure the
enactment of such laws as would effectually
reform in the_ interests of labor a cruel and
oppressive tariff, and reduce the grinding bur
dens of taxation, and equalize the exactions
from labor and capital for the support of Gov-
ernment, and reform an inefficient and corrupt
civil service, and retrench the exorbitant pub-
lic expenditures, and check the lavish and
reckless gifts of the public domain to combin-
ations and favorites, and to reduce the imperial
power and munificent franchises of the great
corporations. But in all these efforts we have
been met by the Republican majority here and
defeated. You have stood as a faithful guard
about the palaces of capital, and have been
constantly unmindful of the wants and suffer
ings of labor and of the poor. Capital and
organized wealth have acquired all their power
for injustice and wrong under your fostering
care.
Great corporations have been created by
you. and their wealth and influence have be-
come almost imperial; you have constantly
strengthened their hands aud filled their cof-
fers at the expense of the people; you have
given empires in extent of the people's lands
to the rich, to rings, and to railroad schemes;
you have compelled the people, the working-
men, the great mass of consumers, to pay
tribute to monopolists under your scandalous
tariff; you have refused to make any bona fide
or material reduction in taxation ; you refuse
actual and effective reform in the civil service
that would reduce the number of officers, !
retrench expenses, and break up corruption ;
you give countenance and support to the dis
gusting and oppressive carpet-bag governments
of the South, that rob the people there and
create burdens intolerable even for slaves to
bear. j
You have paid millions in tribute to the
national banks out of the people's hard earn-
ings. You have given to incorporated wealth
all its terrible power over labor. Your power
in this House has during all these long years
been complete and irresistible. You have no
excuse for your habitual and persistent failure
to give any thought, or sympathy to the Miffer
ings of the tax-ridden workitigmen Your
commissions promise 110 better results. You
may organize commissions without limit: you
may scatter them all over this country; and,
as the editor of the Guardian weli says, their
result will only enable gentlemen on that side
of the House to forge new manacles for the
laborers of the country.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. STORM. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from NewYork, [Mr. Slocum.]
Mr. SLOCUM. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Duke.]
Mr. DUKE. 1 desire to have read an
amendment to the first section.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order, but will be read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the first section the following :
And especially what taxes, assessments, dues, or
imposts are imposed directly or iodirectly, by the
laws of the United States, upon any article ugeii by
the working classes, aud upon any raw materials
which euter in any manner into the manufacture
of any such articles as are used by the working
classes, so as to show particularly what articles are
taxed, aud the amount of tax imposed upon each;
also what amount of the public lands (which should
have been preserved, to furnish homes for the peo-
ple, and to supply a fund for the education of the
masses) has been granted to corporations organized
and controlled by and exclusively for the benefit of
a few wealthy individuals.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask to have read an
amendment which I desire to offer, but which,
I believe, is not in order at this time.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out, "That there shall be appointed by the
President, by aud with the advice and consent of
the Semite, a commission of three petsons from the
civil service." and insert. "That Horace H. Day, of
New York, Richard 1\ Trovellick, of Michigan,
and Alexander Troup, of Connecticut, be, and are
hereby appointed a commission."
Mr. SLOCUM. I merely desire to say a
few words in explanation of ray amendment.
1 assume that this bill has been brought before
the House in good faith, and that there is on
the part of those advocating it an earnest
desire to discover the evils that beset the path-
way of the laboring man, and to devise a rem-
edy for these evils. If 1 am right in this
assumption, my amendment will be adopted.
Instead of having the Administration appoint
this commission, it should be appointed by the
laboring men themselves. In other words,
instead of having three men selected by the
President of the United States, we should take
three of the representative men of the laboring
Jl classes. The thtee whose names 1 have sug-
!j gested in my amendment are such men. Mr.
! Day, of New York, is a man who did much
11 to organize the labor union of our State. Mr.
|| Trevelliek, of Michigan, organized the labor
j| unions throughout the West. Mr. Troup, of
j; Connecticut, is the head center of the labor
j| unions of New England. Now, if you really
Ii desire to obtain a non-partisan report, and
|| to discover the real evils which afflict the
j| laboring classes, iet these three representative
ii men get together and report to us what the
11 troubles are and what remedy they propose.
|! Mr. HOAR. Are we to understand by the
f! gentleman's suggestion that the laboring men
l! of the country are in this labor party and not
!' in the Democratic party?
|i Mr. SLOCUM. The main portion of them
1' are in the Democratic party, where they will
!j always remain if tbey understand their own
j: interests.
ii Mr. HOAR. Then why does the eentle-
|l man, in providing for the selection of these
|j commissioners, exclude the Democratic party V
ii Mr. SLOCUM. I submit that if we are in
|| earnest in this matter anu desire a non-partisan
;; report we should select men of the class I
j| propose. Tf you select partisans you will get
jl a partisan report. If you put on this commia-
j( sion high tariff men. rhey will tee the remedy
!'in a high tariff. The gentleman from Penu-
I: sylvanui [Mr. Kelley] a day or two ago made
j, a very strong and very pathetic appeai in be-
| j half of tliis bill; but if he had been a^ked when
ii he closed his remarks wiiat he legarded as
|| the true remedy for the trouble, he would have
jl undoubtedly told us that the remedy would be
h found in ''protecting our home industries:"
or m other words, increasing the duty on coal
and iron and Bessemer steel.
So the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar.] if he had been asked for his remedy,
would have told us, "a little more protection
for cotton aud woolen fabrics, and perhaps
some incidental measure to raise the price of
codfish.''
Now, it has been well saidhere by the chair-
man of the committee who reported this bill
that if there are any evils afflicting the labor-
ing men the Administration is responsible for
it. The Republican party has been in p'jwer for
ten years ; and if there are any evil- afflicting
the laboring men they are to be laid at the
door of the administration of that party.
I submit that this is the best argument that
can be urged for the adoption of my amend-
ment. It a man should die through the mal-
practice of a physician, any one who would
suggest that this same phy.-ician should preside
at Hie coroner's inquest, called for the purpose
of ascertaining the cause of his death, would
be considered little better than a fool. So in
this case; if, as has been justly charged, the
Administration is responsible for the evils
complained of by the laboring classes, then
neither thexldministration nor any one selected
by it should preside at an inquest called to
ascertain the cause of those evils.
Notwithstanding!! ihat has been said about
the evils which afflict the laboring men of this
country, it cannot be derii«d that in many re-
spects the laboring man here has advantages
presented to him by 110 other country mi God's
earth. So far as personal freedom iy concerned,
nothing can be asked for by him. Here we
are all on a perfect equality. Ill the selection
of our rulers, in the enactment of our laws,
before our courts of justice, we are all equals.
In these spin-res the poorest man in the coun-
try is the equal of the richest. As to per-
sonal freedom, it has often occurred to mo we
have asurplus of it. To-morrow morning fifty
men may organize in New York etty, form a
procession, stop the street cars, drive the
