2910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
of the memorial of the Legislature of California
presented by me awhile ago, That memorial
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, as it involved the construction of
treaty stipulations. I move that the bill take
the same course, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. SCO TT. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution offered by
me yesterday, fixing the hour of daily meeting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina was first upon the floor. If he
insists on his right, the Chair recognizes him.
If he yields, the Chair recognizes the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SAWYER. It will not take more than
a minute to pass Senate bill No. 96-1. It is
simply a bill to extend for Uvo years the time
for compliance with the conditions of the agri-
cultural college act. It is absolutely necessary
to several States.
Mr. NYE. Will not the Senator from South
Carolina allow me to appeal to him to pass a
little bill that is very important; it should be
known whether it is to be passed or defeated?
Mr. SAWYER. This will take buta moment.
1 insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
c insider the bill (S. No. 984) t.o amend an aet
entitled " An act to amend the fifth section of
an act entitled 1 An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts.' approved July 2, 1862,
so as to extend ihe time within which the pro-
visions of said act shall be accepted and such
colleges established," approved July23, 1806.
The time within which the several States may
comply with ihe provisions of the act of July
23, 1866, entitled "An net lo amend the fifth
section of an act entitled 'An act donating
public lauds to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the bene-
fit, ol'agriculture and the mechanic arts,'ap-
proved .lulj 2, 18U2, so as to extend the time
within which the provisions of that act shall
be accepted and such colleges established," is
by tins bill exiended so that the States which
have not complied with the provisions of these
acts in establishing colleges shall have the
period of two years, after the 1st day of July,
1872, within which to provide at least one col-
lege, as described in the fourth section of the
aet. of July 2, 1862.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know
what this means.
Mr. SAWYER. It. simply extends for two
years the tune within which a college may be
established by a State. There are some States
which have not hud time to get properly in
working order. The original law required that
it should be done by a certain time, which was
subsequently extended. The time will expire
on the 1st of July of this year, as the statute
now stands. This is lo cover the case of Flor-
ida, Indiana, and some other States. It does
pot give austher acre of land, and does not
injure the prospects of the settlement of the
West.
Mr. Sl'EWART. Have they got their scrip
already?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I think the time ought to
be three years instead of two.
Mr. POMEKOY. The Senator ought to
strike out the words "at least," which imply
thai they may establish more than one college.
They ought not. to be permitted with that fund
to establish more than one college. If so,
you will get two little feeble colleges, whereas
if you strike out the words " at least" you will
confine them to one college in a State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time
hour of meeting.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
fixing the hour of daily meeting.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to let me offer a resolution call-
ing for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will exhaust
the morning hour.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it leads to any debate,
I shall not ask it.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will have no
difficulty in getting a vote on his resolution
after the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution called up ; but the
morning hour is just about expiring.
'The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resoloed, That until otherwise ordered the hour
of daily meeting of the Senate shall be eleven
o'clock a. m.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that it is
rather early in the session for us to adopt that
rule. I say it in reference to the business of
committees. So long as the committees are
in the habit, of meeting and have important
business before them, it is not customary for
the Senate to interfere with their sessions.
Now, it so happens that there is an important
meeting of a committee on which I am serving,
to-morrow morning, to consider matters in
which the Senator from Pennsjdvania is largely
interested. They will need all the time until
twelve o'clock. But if the Senator's motion
should prevail they would be cut off. I hope,
therefore, the Senator will allow it to lie on
the table a little longer until we are a little
further along in the business of the session
and the committees have made their reports.
So long as important matters are before the
committees 1 do not. think it is expedient to
interfere with them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the deficiency bill is
now before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I want to call up a little bill
which it is very important should be con-
sidered. I trust the Senator from California
will let me call it up.
Mr. COLE. Will it occupy more time than
the time consumed in its reading and pas-
sage?
Mr. NYE. It can take but a few minutes.
Mr. COLE. If if does not give rise to de-
bate I will not object.
Mr. NYE. I will state to the Senator from
California that it is in relation to elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories.
Mr. COLE. If it can pass without debate
I shall not, object.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 shall feel it my duty to
oppose this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to take up a bill at this
time unless the deficiency bill is laid on the
table.
Mr. NYE. It is important this bill should
be acted upon, very important to both these
Teriitories, and I trust the honorable Senator
from California will let it be taken up. It will
take hut a moment to present it, and certainly
no one can have any opposition to it but the
honorable Senator from Oregon.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill is before the Senate; and the unanimous
consent to lay it aside seems to be declined.
Mr. NYE. I move to lay the appropriation
bill temporarily on the table for the purpose
of considering this other bill.
Mr. CORBEfT. I hope it will not be done.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 17.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the yea3 and
nays, and on that I wish to make a statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CORBETT. We u<> not want the change.
Mr. WEST. I doubt whether the Senate
understands thf> question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state the question. The deficiency bill
coming up as the unfinished business, the Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
take up a bill in regard to elections in Idaho
and Washington Teiritorie-s, passing over in-
formally the deficiency biil. Ihe Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Corbett] objected lo this, stating
that he desired to oppose the bill, whereupon
the Senator from Nevada moved to lay the
deficiency bill on the table for the purpose of
considering the bill which he ha^ in charge,
stating that after ii shall be taken up he will
then move to take up ihe deficiency bill and
proceed with its consideration, upon which the
yeas and naya have been ordered. The motion
is to lay the deficiency bill on the table, and
the Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '26, nays 29; as follows;
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Casserly, Cragm. Divis of West Virginia,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock. Johnston, Kelly, Norwood. Nye, Piatt,
liamsey, JAice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Yiekcrs, and Wmdom—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreraan, Buck-
ingham. Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, C.'«nkling, Cor-
bett, Ferry ol Connecticut-, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
linghuj^en, Gilbert, H;>nihn, Howe, Kellogg. Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Patterson. Ponieroy. Scott. Sherman, Spencer,
Sprngue, Weat, Wilson, and Wright—^9.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Chnndler,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton,
Groldthwaite, Hnmilton of Texas, Lewis. Osborn,
Pool, Ran30iu, Robertson, Schuiz, Stewart, Thur-
man, Tipton, and Trumbull—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. NYE. 1 will rrv to call up the bill
to-morrow m the morning hour.
PACIFIC HAIL ROADS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Casseuly] desires, pend-
ing the deficiency bill, to introduce a resolu-
tion. if there be no objection it will be
received.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
and he is directed to transmit to the Senate a state-
ment of the following particulars in regard to cer-
tain railroad companies respectively, namely, the
Central Pacific and Western Pacific railroads; the
Union Paciilo rail 10ad; ttie K.ui.-as Pacific; the
Central Branch Union Pacific; Sioux City and
Pacific:
1. The whole amount of bonds of the United States
issued to each company, and for what number of
miles; and of the interest paid thereon by the
United Slates.
2. The credits allowed to each company on inter-
est account, and for what services rendered, together
with the arrears of interest unpaid and the per-
centage of credits allowed to each company on the
whole amount of interest due by the company.
3. The total sum due to the United States on
account of principal and interest of bonds.
•i. The total amount ol principal and interest
accruing on such bonds at maturity, at the rate of
payments thus far made on account of interest.
5. The amount of bonds or other obligations
issued by each company constituting a mortgage
or Hen on its road and other property prior to the
claim of the United States.
Mr. BOREMAN. I inquire what that is?
Mr. CASSERLY. It is a resolution calling
for information in regard to the condition of
the accounts between the United S'ates an1!
the different Pacific raiboad companies to
which the United States has given bonds.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. It requires unan-
imous consent for its present consideration or
to receive the resolution.
Mr. CONKLINfi. I should not feel war-
ranted 
Mr. CASSERLY. I would like to state 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not subject
to debate unless the Senate unanimously re-
solve to consider it.
Mr. CONKLJNG. I was going to remark
that I am not warranted in saying that all the
information called for is already contained in
printed and published documents ; but I know
that a large part of it is, and 1 am opposed to
