2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
be, and is hereby, authorized to issue all needful
rules and regulations for carrying into effect the
provisions of this act.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have not the bill
before me, but 1 ask the Clerk to read that
part of it relating to the price per acre.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me to have a verbal amendment made in
order to have the language sensible ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. In line seven of section
four the word "or" is in the wrong place.
It should come in after the word "notice"
and be stricken out after the word "period."
Mr. STEWART. That correction should
be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This verbal
amendment will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to correct the
phraseology so that there shall be no mistake
about it. The fifth section says, "in case of
conflictingclaimsupon surveyed lands." That
may be held to mean agricultural lands and
all kinds of lands. I think it should read,
" in case of conflicting claims upon lands pro-
vided for in this act."
• Mr. STE WART. That is right.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to insert after
the word "lands" the word "surveyed,"
having now stricken out "provided for by this
actso that the section shall be confined to
coal lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be recorded as
agreed to. The morning hour has expired.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for a vote upon
this bill now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I have any objection to it; but it is ap-
parent that it is a very important bill, and it
ought to be explained.
Mr. STEWART. I think the best explana-
tion would be the letter of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have not
had that. I do not want to be eternally object-
ing to what is going on here in the morning
hour, constantly bringing up bills which are
not explained, it seems to be taken for granted
that anything relating to the public domain is
to go through as a matter of course, no matter
how much land it involves. When a bill of
that description is brought up, it seems to be
taken for granted that it is to go through when
anybody gets the floor to call it up. We seem
to have got into a chronic habit on that sub-
ject. I think it is wrong. I do not know that
I have the slightest objection to the bill, but it
relates to a large subject; it is a very import-
ant bill which allows the disposition of all the
coal lands in this country on the public do-
main. I do not know but that that is a good
thing to do. Perhaps it is; perhaps the terms
and conditions on which it is proposed here to
be done are all right; but I submit to the hon-
orable Senator that it is not quite fair to the
Senate to call up such a bill within ten minutes
of the close of the morning hour and ask that
that bill shall be passed without the slightest
explanation in the world.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maine that that bill
is not now before the Senate. The tariff bill'
is before the Senate, unless it shall be set
aside.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg pardon.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make
this remark to my friend from Maine  
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill
is before the Senate, but the Chair will recog-
nize the Senator from Nevada as entitled to
the floor on that bill.
Mr. STEWART. I will say to my friend
from Maine that while we would be glad to
give an explanation of this bill at great length,
and while I would be willing to give any ex-
planation privately to him at great length, it is
rather hard that we should not have time for
the consideration of general legislation recom-
mended by the proper Department, and which
is necessary to the ordinary carrying on of
business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator*
is alluding to me, it is all gratuitous. That is
all I have to say.
Mr. STEWART. I understood the Senator
was lecturing me for trying to press this bill
through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was not lec-
turing the Senator at all. I was standing here
as a Senator exercising my rights.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina desires the Chair to recall
the discussion to the free list of the tariff, which
is the question regularly before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
Chair seemed to remind me of it and then
allowed the Senator from Nevada to go on
lecturing me on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not remind the Senator from Maine until after
he supposed the Senator had concluded his
remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very much
obliged to the Chair, and make my apologies,
and suppose that is the end of it.
Mr. STEWART. Now I desire to make
my apology. My apology is 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both Senators
having stated their point,. the Chair will
receive the acknowledgments of both. The
question before the Senate, however, is, will
the Senate concur in the free list reported from
the Senate acting as in Committee of the
Whole upon the tariff bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to make a report
from a conference committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
TRANSPORTATION IN BOND.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1330)
to amend the thirty-second section of an act enti-
tled " An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14,1870, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Houso recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
game with, the following amendment:
Add to the amendment of the Senate the words
"or from low water, ice, or other unavoidable
obstruction to navigation."
And the Senate agree to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
FRANK. P.BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
H. L. DAWES,
G. A. FINKELNBURG,
S. S. COX,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
TEA AND COFFEE DUTIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal existing
duties on tea and coffee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
before the Senate is on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, adding to this bill the free list to be
found printed on from page 7 to page 20 in-
clusive of the amendment of the Committee
on Finance to House bill No. 173.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senate will
want to take that question by yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have already been ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a duplication of
the same subject in two lines, as to which my
colleague has an amendment to propose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 19,
this list reads, "Timber, round and unmanu-
factured." On page 15 is substantially the
same language: "Logs and round and un-
manufactured timber." I move to strike out
on page 19 the words "timber, round and
unmanufactured."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection,
except that it is now on the tariff list in two
forms; I suppose rather for convenience of
reference.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend by in-
serting in the proper alphabetical place on the
free list "carbon or petroleum-oil, shale-oil,
and the residuum of petroleum."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has the Sen-
ator any reason for that ?
Mr. WINDOM. My reason for that is that
we do not want to tax the poor man's light,
if we can help it, any more than the poor
man's salt.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust no
such amendment as that will prevail. We
have a very ample field for the production of
this article, and I am by no means in favor
of giving our brothers- on the other side of
the line in Canada the privileges of this Union
until they belong to it. If they have got shale
and petroleum oils on that side, let them find
a market for their products at home, and not
expect to receive the benefits here of our mar-
ket without any taxation whatever. If they
shall be allowed to come in free, of course
you might as well repeal the whole duties in
reference to petroleum and all the articles
that are connected therewith; but I trust no
such amendment will prevail.
Mr. WINDOM. I think that there is noth-
ing which needs protection less, perhaps, than
the production of petroleum. I think you
cannot find within the Ignited States another
thirty miles square producing one quarter so
much wealth as the thirty miles square which
produce petroleum in this country. It is cer-
tainly a very profitable business, and I can
see no reason why the people of this country
should be taxed in order to increase the profits
of that region. I think it is amply able to
protect itself. Petroleum is the poor man's
light all over the country, and as that is what
we are now legislating for, I am in favor of
carrying it a little further.
Mr. BOREMAN. If we proceed to add
articles of this character to the free list, it
seems to me there would be no end to that
list. In answer to the Senator from Min-
nesota, I will say that if there is any article
which ought to be protected, it seems to me
it is the very article which he wishes to exempt.
In some instances the getting of petroleum is
no doubt profitable, but I venture to say that
it is the most hazardous business in this
country. There has been more capital sunk
in the efforts to get petroleum than in any
other business in proportion to the efforts
made. And in view of these facts, if any
production is to receive encouragement and
protection in this country, it seems to me
that this is one of the articles which should not
be put upon the free list. If you open this
flood-gate, then the friends of protection who
are interested in this particular matter will,
it may be, insist upon other articles being
made free that will not be so much approved
of by gentlemen who vote to put this produc-
tion upon the free list.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota will include a great
multitude of manufactured articles which are
the residuum of petroleum. There are a great
many articles manufactured from petroleum.
This would only operate for the benefit of a
small region of a foreign country that would
have the benefit of our market without paying
our taxes. I trust the free list will not be
extended in this direction.
Mr. WINDOM. My object is not to favor
any region in_ Canada, but it is to favor the
people of_ this country. The Senator from
West Virginia says that perhaps there has been
more money sunk in the efforts to obtain oil
than in anything else. I agree that if you
