1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2911
imposing on any Department, and the Treas-
ury Department perhaps more than any other,
unnecessary burdens of this sor!. There are
other resolutions, adopted long ago, calling
on the Treasury Department for a response
which, with oil the clerical force at command,
they have not been able to answer up to this
time; and all the Departments complain of
the evil of calling for voluminous information
which has been furnished once and printed,
and which can readily be resorted to, but which
it requires a great deal of labor to reproduce. || New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] to recon-
Therefore, X think this had better lie n,-rfi|' k..
sen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Ilowe, Morrill of Maine. Mor-
rill of Vermont. Morton, JTye, Patterson, Pratt.
Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Sumner, "Windom, and
Wright—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cole, Conklingt Cooper, Davis of Kentucky. Ed-
munds. Fenton, Groldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Osborn, Bansoin, Robert-
son, Schurz, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, and Wil-
son—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon
ihe motion of the Senator from
over
until we can see how much of it, if any, re-
mains to be called for.
The VICE PRESIDENT, I he resolution
will lie over. The Senate resumes the con-
sideration of the deficiency bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply wish to state
that I endeavored as much as I knew how to
get that resolution up in the morning hour,
aud it readied the desk in the morning hour,
but was cut off by the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would require
unanimous content if offered in the morning
hour. The Chair recognized the Senator, so
that he should lose no right by the fact that
the morning hour expired, as he sent his reso-
lution up. It requires unanimous consent for
the consideration of any resolution ou the day
it is offered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand then the
resolution stands over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It stands over
until to-morrow and 
Mr. CASSERLY. As it is a resolution
calling for information, I hupe 110 Senator wiil
object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be print- j
ed, if there be no objection.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appsopri-
atious for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1872, and for
former years, and foi other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is a non-debatable one, being the
motion of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
to lay 011 the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate rejected the
so-called Morrill amendment; and upon this
the yeas and nays have been ordered, and the
Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. CONKLING. I am paired with the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] 011 the
amendment, and I suppose that would include
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think I
am paired with the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is
paired with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
SCHURZ.]
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Then I am
at liberty to vole, and vole "nay."'
Mr. WILSON. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Ransom ]
Mr. CALDWELL. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair.] If he were here he would vote
''yea," and I should vote " nay."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
desired by the absent Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Brownlow J to state that he is absent at
home 011 account of illness of his wife.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 27 ; as follows:
.YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Casserly. Clayton,
DimsOt West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Ivellogg,
jvetly, Norwood, Potueroy, Pool, Rice, Saulsbury,
lawyer. Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
\r av1^ ' Ackers, and West—25.
" AY b—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham,Ca*neron, Carpenter, Chandler, Corbett,
wagin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelingliuy-
sider the vote by which the Senate rejected
the Morrill amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let us
have the yeas and nays upon that question.
Mr. HILL. Before the yeas and nays are
taken I will ask that the rule which was
adopted yesterday in regard to amendments to
appropriation bills may be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The chair will first take the sense of the Sen-
ate on the demand of the Senator from Mary-
land that the vote upon this motion be taken
by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia now asks that the rule adopted
yesterday be read.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
from Georgia that it is hardly worth while to
read that rule in connection with this amend-
ment, as he will remember the Chair ex-
plained expressly in advance that the rule
would not apply to this amendment.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish it read in
order that the spirit of the rule may be very
vividly before the body, for ifit be a good rule,
I should think it is a good reason why this
amendment should not be incorporated 011
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be 110
objection, the Secretary will report the rule.
The Chief Cierk read as follows :
"JtesolveJ. That during the present session it shall
bein order fit any time to move a recess; and pend-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confine debate
: on amendments thereto to five minutes by any Sen-
' ator on the pending motion, ynd such motions shall
■ be decided wuhout debate. And no amendment to
I any such bill making legislative provisions, other
! than such as directly relate to the appropriations
i contained in the bill, shall be received.
i Mr. POMEROY. I remarked yesterday
] that that lule, if adopted, would control my
1 vote on this question, i know that, technically
i speaking, it does not bind any one 011 this par-
i ticular vote, but the spirit of it prevails with
j me, and that is what will control my vote on
the pending motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The latter part of
this rule as first proposed by the Senator from
Vermont was copied from the report of the
Committee 011 Rules two years ago, and read,
" no amendment shall be received oradopted."
If those words " or adopted " had been in-
cluded iu this rule, the Chair would have ruled
that, this Morrill amendment would not be in
order. They were stiicken out with the ex-
press understanding in the Senate that it was
done so that the rule should not be at all ex
post facto in regard to this amendment, which
was then pending, hanging upon a motion to
reconsider, and therefore had been received,
and was, ill the technical parliamentary lan-
guage, pending. It is therelore before the
Senate, and the question is upon agreeing to
the motion to reconsider, on which the yeas
aud uays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I am paired with the
Seuator from Ohio, [.Mr. Thurman-.]
Mr. CALDWELL. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair.] He would vote "nay," and I should
vote " yea."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On this ques-
tion my colleague [ilr. Edmunds] is paired
with the Senator from Missouri, [ Mr. Schorz.]
My colleague would vote")ea,' and the Seu-
ator from Missouri would vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23. nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Corbett,
Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey,
Scott, Sherman, Sumner, Windom, and Wright—26.
NaYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Cole, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Pomeroy, Fool,
Bice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprasue, Steven-
son, Stockton, Trumbull, Viekers, and West—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Conkling, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds.
Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hitch-
cock, Lewis, Logan, Osborn, Pratt. Ransom, Rob-
ertson, Schurz, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, and Wil-
son—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the affirmative. The motion to reconsider
prevails, and the question recurs on agreeing
to the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I am advised that if I talk I
shall kill this amendment, and I believe I will
do it. [Laughter.] I am a little surprised at
the attitude of the Senate this morning. Dur-
ing "the late unpleasantness" it became the
duty of the Government to do several things
that it had never done before. Among other
things that it was compelled to do was to get
property for the support of large armies, pro-
visions, forage, transportation, military sup-
plies of different kinds, and such supplies it
was in the habit of taking sometimes without
purchase and sometimes of taking by pur-
chase ; and when your armies were operating
in that portion of the United States which was
then in rebellion, which was then most un-
pleasant, they habitually took these supplies
without purchase, and they took those sup-
plies from two classes, both the friends and
the enemies of your Government. Those who
were the friends of the Government, and from
whom supplies were taken for your Army,
thought they were entitled to pay, and they
have been trying to get it ever since. A year
ago you reluctantly consented to allow a com-
mission appointed by yourselves to examine
these claims and make a report upon them.
They have been at work examining them.
This very morning I asked the Senate to con-
sent that the commission might report from
time to time as they thought fit. That poor
privilege was not obtained. It was asked on
behalf of loyal men, men who had incurred no
guilt whatever.
There was another thin; the Government
had to do that it never did before. It found
in the theater where this war was a kind of
property which was gi'mg strength to the
rebellion, more strength than it had from any
other source. It found there cotton, which
was the very life and soul of the rebellion. If
it had not been for that accuised commodity
you ■ ever would have had any rebellion, and
vou know it. If it had not been for that cotn-
| modify, the rebellion, after it was waged,
' would not have lasted six months, hut it lasted
for years, and cotton was the strength oi it,
and your Government concluded to bring that
cotton in and have it on oar side, and passed
an act for that purpose requiring it to be cap-
tuied, irrespective of the question whether the
owner of it was himself a rebel or a loyal man,
irrespective of the question whether he was
criminal or not.
They held th;.t the property itself, as I said
a little while ago, was criminal; it was guilty;
and because it was in that predicament, that
it made the rebellion strong and the Union
weak, they would take it from that predica-
ment, take it into our own hands; but they
provided in that act, inasmuch as they did
not want to oppress our friends by this neces-
sary measure, that our friends might follow
that cotton so far as it was taken from them,
and if at any time they could establish that
they were the owners of any portion of it and
that they bad continued loyal, they might have
judgment 111 the Court of Claims lor the pro-
ceeds of so much of it as belonged to them-
