172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. op Reps.
Texas Politics—Mr. Herndon.
42d Cong 2d Sess
" The Chief Clerk read the following telegram :
Marshall, Texas, January 22, 1872.
Hon. J. W. Flanagan, United States Senate :
One hundred armed men on horseback, from Nac-
ogdoches county, are in Henderson this morning,
disturbing our peace and quiet. We are powerless,
Inform the President.
A. D. TINSLEY.
<£ Mr. Flanagan. Now I ask for the reading of
the portion that I have marked of the letter which
I eend to the desk.
" The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" 'In conclusion, I report the animus of the southern
part of Rusk county, and the northern and western
parts of Nacogdoches county, together with some of
their crime; for crime in full upon these people can-
not be told by man, there being so many in the trade
that even one of Greeley's sharpest reporters could
not find all to tell, for they deal in privity upon the
virtue of the country, and hope thereby to force
Republicans to the wall, to die in terror, and, if not,
surely under their demoniac thrusts.
'"Three weeks ago the Ku Klux Klan and their
sympathizers, with a posse, ordered Hazlett and
Grayson, two police, shot. Hazlett, being an expert
gunner, killed Havnell, one of the Klan's men, and
by reason of their better arms, with Grayson and a few
friends, held the little town of Linn Flatt, in Nacog-
doches county, but left on other business when the
Klans, under semblanceof law, raised three hundred
arid fifty or four hundred men. In the mean time
old John Birdwell (Allen's, the traitor's, brother)
was killed privily, and said two police accused.
Now, with said four hundred men, they, the Ku
Klux, are scouring, intimidating, imprisoning, and
swearing that the woods shall stink with Union men
and negroes. The Everetts, Mack Roberts, and Mr.
Grimes have from fifty to seventy-five negroes and
whites guarding themselves and the Union men of
their vicinity. The Ku Klux scour their settlement
with from fifty to one hundred, and a3 high as one
hundred and fifty men, I learn, in a crowd. One
man told me he counted one hundred and three
men pass through one lane. The law is a farce,
dear Senator, as enforced here now, for the Ku
Klux are just as good witnesses where they are not
as where they are; and they have resolved that
honor, property, virtue, and uprightness shall serve
none as a shield, if he lend his will, support, and
association to Republicans.
" " Now, for your skill in the premises, the aspiring
good everywhere unite in one grave, solemn, and
loud appeal to their Creator, that you may see, hear,
feel, taste, and smell their condition, philosophic-
ally, and then bear us the balm of relief.
44 'Yours, truly,
S. W. MARCH/ "
Mr. Speaker, if these charges were true, the
people guilty of them would be little less than
savages, and ought to be condemned and exe-
crated by the American people. Still these
charges were used to show the real condition
of the people of that section and of the whole
South, and upon the subject of general amnesty
became, of course, most pungent and conclusive
arguments in favor of that measure. And
that they were believed and most emphatically
indorsed as true from the knowledge of the
speaker, I conclude from what was said in the
same connection:
"The papers that I have had read here afford
clear evidence to my mind, because they speak of
occurrences particularly in my neighborhood. I
regret most earnestly that such are the facts. They
are not to be gainsaid, however. Sir, who are they
who are roaming about the State to the number of
hundrods doing deeds of violence ? Are they Repub-
licans? My word for it there is not a Republican
in one of those organizations. Whence come they ?
Who are they? Where are they to be placed?
Rebels. If so, will you stop there? No. They were,
directly after the failure of the southern rebellion,
Conservatives, begging the question; but now, in
my humble opinion, there is not a Conservative
within the State of Texas; they are unqualified,
unmistakable Democrats. Why? Because they think
they have the sympathies of the northern Democ-
racy."
And here, rising to the very sublimity of
argument for general amnesty, he adds that
all such violation's of law and outrages against
society and morals are committed by '* rebels
" unqualified, unmistakable Democrats." '4 My
word for it, there is not a Republican in any
one of these organizations.''
And on this point, to show the animus of
these extremists, [ read from the Jefferson
Weekly Independent, of 27th January, quoting
from the Marshall Weekly, the largest Radical
newspaper in east Texas, as follows :
"We learn from the Marshall Weekly that one
hundred armed men suddenly appeared in Hender-
son. who surrounded some of the houses and cap-
tured several of the citizens without authority, and
put others to flight. Many of the citizens of Rusk
are not permitted to live in peace, but are hunted
away from their homes. Should these outrages con-
tinue, martial law will be declared either by the
State or General Government.''
Here it is asserted that citizens "are not
permitted to live in peace, but are hunted
away from their homes," and " should these
outrages continue, martiallaw will be declared
either by the State or General Government
In this the key-note is sounded—martial
law. Maliciously charge such crimes against
society, against unarmed and uuoffending citi-
zens; screen the wicked robbers and assassins
who are guilty; disguise the fact that these
outrages are perpetrated by State officials, ap-
pointed by the Executive, and then appeal to
military power, that the leaders may fatten
upon the robberies and blood of the people!
The facts of this case, from which so much
Ku Klux capital has been manufactured and
so many unscrupulous charges made, are that
Hazlett and Grayson, and other State police
peace officers, broke up ajustice's court at Linn
Flatt, threatened and cursed the officers of
court, and shot and killed Harvell, who arrested
Hazlett, soon after assassinated Birdwell,
a constable, fired several shots at different
citizens, defied the law and its officers,
gathered an armed force to aid them in their
unlawful purpose, and succeeded in resisting
the sheriff and his posse and escaping justice.
It must not be forgotten that all these officers,
both of the court and police, and the men
killed,'were Radicals, and the officers appointed
by the Administration; and the police make
war upon the courts of justice, and murder
the citizens who aid the courts. Still these
crimes are charged against the Democrats.
I will read the report of Judge M. Priest,
with accompanying documents, called from
another county to preside at the trial of these
murderers; let him speak for the adminis-
tration.
Rusk, Texas, January 10,1872'
Respected Friend : In conformity to the request
of his Excellency and yourself, made known to rae
by writing, dated December 28,1871,1 went to Linn
Flatt, in Nacogdoches county, on thel5th instant, to
inquire into the difficulties in that county, having
been sent for by the citizens through their civil offi-
cers, R. D. Orton, sheriff, and G. Dawson, justice of
the peace.
I was informed that partie? charged with outrages
there were i i the neighborhood awaiting my ar-
rival, having been arrested by you, and sent there in
charge of Lieutenant Williams, State police, to be
transferred to the civil authorities for examination
and trial. I immediately on my arrival conferred
with Lieutenant Williams, and showed him your
order or letter to me, and also to the citizens there,
All seemed gratified. There seemed to be but one
desire, that a lair and impartial examination should
be had, repeatedly and throughout expressed by
said Lieutenant Williams, and by the citizens, and
I was fully satisfied of their sincerity andgoodfaith,
and that no violence or maltreatment should be
offered or allowed to the prisoners,
For three days I used all my power of persuasion
and advice to bring on said examination. Distrust
on both sides so prevailed that I could not succeed
in harmonizing as to how the prisoners should be
turned over. The prisoners and their said officer,
Lieutenant Williams, seemed greatly to fear a vio-
lence toward the prisoners by the citizeus, while the
citizens, to a man, as far as I oould confer with them,
gave most solemn and I think candid assurances,
not only to be quiet and submitto due course of law,
but to stand in defense of the prisoners against any
attempt against them. - Late in the evening of the
third day I was gratified t« learn from said Lieutenant
Williams that he and the sheriff had agreed upon
terms, and that the prisoners would be turned over
and the trial commence the next morning, This
evening Senator Swift arrived, with whom you
directed me to act. Shortly after dark several citi-
zens came to me and communicated to me some
threats and demonstrations that alarmed them, as
they declared, and petitioned me under oath to in-
terfere for their protection and safety, as appears by
copy of affidavit inclosed herewith as a part of this
report. From representations by reliable persons I
felt apprehensive myself, and feeling assured that if
I refused to grant their request they would take the
matter in their own hands, I yielded, thinking that
I could thus better, to some extent at least, direct
matters. I authorizedthesherifftocall outsufficient
force for protection and arrest of persons charged.
I also issued warrants for the arrest of persons
charged, then with Lieutenant Williams, and. a de-
mand upon him to deliver them to said sheriff, assur-
ing them protection and an impartial trial, made
part hereof.
The next morning (fourth day) said sheriff was to
present said papers to-Lieutenant Williams, who
came in early in the morning in a manner quite
hostile and exciting, and a fearful collision was
imminent. The sheriff had collected some armed
men, say forty or fifty, at this time supei mr in num-
ber to the force of the lieutenant, and a fearful
anxiety prevailed. The lieutenant fell back into
Rusk county, about five miles from Linn Flatt, and
the armed citizens followed to the line and halted.
The commander of the squad took one man with
himself and went to the lieutenant to confer, and to
present him the papers above referred to, issued by
me, demanding the prisoners and authorizing their
arrest by the sheriff, as they were reported to me as
being at large and armed, to the terror of the people.
I fondly and earnestly hoped and confidently be-
lieved that this demand from me would be regarded,
and the pending difficulties would be thus settled.
I was doomed to disappointment, as will appear
from the accompanying report of M. G. Whittaker,
acting as commander of the squad, and special dep-
uty sheriff for the occasion, which is made a part
of this report. The next morning (the fifth day) I
went home, being unable to make the required ex-
amination for the reason aforesaid,
I was cordially received by the citizens and by all
the parties, and took with me my son-in-law, W. L.
David, an attorney-at-law, being a Republican, but
young in the practice, and the parties charged em-
ployed him in their defense, who did all he could
with me in bringing about an amicable trial, but to
no purpose.
Dear general, I deeply regret my failure and
the condition of things as I left for home. Thia
morning great excitement prevailed, and armed men
were gathering. May God control the element, for
I can do nothing. Do come, if possible, to our res-
cue, and come speedily for the sake of the country
and its best interest. You could calm the storm and
restore peace, I am very sure.
This imperfect report respectfully submitted.
Your obedient servant in great haste,
M.PklEST, .
Judge Fourth Judicial District.
General James Davidson.
P. S.—I see that you ordered that the prisoners be
turned over to the civil authorities, and required me
to make the examination. I thought it was duty to
obey, and on failure, that I should demand them
and enforce the law. I pray that no collision may
occur; but the times are fearful. It is proper for mo
further to state that warrants had been issued for
the following persons, charged with the murder of
John Birdwell, who was shot in his own house in
the night five days after Harvill was killed close by ;
W. J. Grayson, George Grayson, J. M. Grayson, Ma-
rion Hazlitt, Columbus Hazlitt, JohnDeehazer, and
Jordan King, a colored man. These parties were
with Lieutenant Williams, and the warrants placed
in his hands for service. These men were still at
large and armed, and said warrants not returned.
Alias warrants for them were issued and placed in
the hands of thesheriff, and these were thewarranta
presented by said Whitaker to Lieutenant Williams,
who retained the same and returned them not to
said deputy. I cannot think that Lieutenant Wil-
liams acts in willful disregard of duty, but that he
thinks that the safety of the prisoners is consulted. I
think in this he is mistaken, and that the prisoners
are in no danger of violence from the citizens, and
that they only desire the execution of the law in a
fair and impartial trial. I have carefully come to
this conclusion by freely conferring with all parties.
Be this as it may, the whole matter is to be deeply
deplored, especially by all who are seeking the
restoration of law and order in the country, for
which those in power and position are responsible.
M. P.
The State op Texas, Nacogdoches county;
We, the undersigned persons, do solemnly swear
that we are fully satisfied that it is absolutely neces-
sary for the enforcement of the law and for the pro-
tection of the civil authorities of said county and
for the protection of the citizens of Linn Flatt and
vicinity, and of all persons now present at Linn Flatt
concerned in the trial of causes now pending before
Justice Dawson, that Hon. M. Priest, judge of the
fourth judicial district, who is now present at Linn
Flatt, shall take charge of said causes, and shall fui-
thermore at once order out the power of the county,
to be directed and controlled by himself and the
sheriff of said county.
SAM. A. WILLSON, N. B. BRANCH,
H. G. LONG, L. F. BRANCH,
W. F. HYDlS, W. H. SWIFT.
W. G. WHITTAKER, JEFF. SHOOK,
T. J. MURPH, ALLEN BIRDWELL,
J. W. OVERALL, J. X WATKINS.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this the 7th
day of January, 1872. .
M. PRIEST, District Judge.
Linn Flatt, January is, 1S72.
Dear Sir: Senator Swift having arrived, he and
myself are anxious to proceed immediately as re-
quired by his Excellency, the Governor; and General
Davidson, to examine into the difficulties in this
