1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
oxeeeds four hundred and twenty. We-do not fear
successful contradiction when we say that there
never was a disguised band in one tenth p.irt of
them, or in over forty of these four hundred and
twenty counties. Simply in a county here and there,
or at most in one or two counties together in sev-
eral of these States, have such bands committed
depredations; and we will show to all men not
blinded by prejudice or passion that the Ku Klux
bill is the grossest outrage 
Mr. BECK. No, sir. "That tlie Ku Klux
bill and the proceedings thereunder are," &c.
The Clerk continued to read as follows:
That the Ku Klux bill, and the conduct and
report of the majority of this committee, as inaugu-
rated, continued, and reported, is the grossest out-
rage 
Mr. BECK. The Clerk is not reading the
report of the minority committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask that the Clerk shall
read it as it stands printed.
Mr. COX. I object to that. Let him read
the report of the minority. It is a small thing
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania to bring
it in in that way in order to make a little point.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: that thai paper was our private paper
until submitted in this House to-day. And the
paper that .we submitted to-day is the only
paper which anybody ever had a right to see
or to know anything about.
The SPEAKER. That will not preventthe
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofiei.o,]
when occupyingthe floor in his own right, from
having anything read which is pertinent to the
debate.
Mr. COX. He is having this read as the
report of the minority.
The SPEAKER. He has a right to have it
read.
Mr. BECK. But I submit to the Chair that
he has no right to say that the members of
the minority, whose names are signed to that
report, have presented as their report any-
thing else than ihat which they did present.
The SPEAKER. That is a moral question j
not a parliamentary one.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not going to par-
ley with the gentlemen about what is in their
report as amended.
Mr. BECK. It is not as amended, but as
made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am very glad to know
that upon second thought, and after I called
their attention to it, they-struck that out. I
would like to know, however, whether they
have also amended the next paragraph. I
will ask the Glerk to read the next clause as
it is printed.
The Clerk read as follows:
To make our report clear and intelligible tn the
mass of the American people, on whose innate hon-
esty and sense of justice we rely, for we fear no facts
will have any effect On the partisan majority m Con-
gress, who have already shown by tiitepassogeofthe
Ku Klux bill against their will and judgment that
they dare not disobey the orders of their imperious,
not to say imperial President.
Mr. BINGHAM. I make the point of order
that it is not competent for the minority of the
committee to make a report reflecting upon
the legislation of Congress upon the action
of the Executive.
The SPEAKER. The point of-order made
by the gentleman from Ohio presents this fact.
A minority report is a matter ex gratia en-
tirely. There is no right to make a minor-
ity report, none whatever in parliamentary
law. It is a matter that can be done by unan-
imous consent or by a suspension of the rules.
Of course the Chair cannot rule out the minor-
ity report, but he has no hesitation in saying
that the language used in it is Highly disre-
spectful to the House, and such as if the gen-
tleman from Kentucky had uttered it on the
floor of the House he would have called him
to order for.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the minority
report being received.
Mr. COX. Does the Speaker sustain the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Ohio?
Mr. VOORHEES. I should like to know
the exact language upon which the Chair rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair said that he
had no right to rule out the report because if
unanimous consent is given to make a report
it is not for the Chair to rule it out, but the
report contains this language:
And we will show to all men not blinded by
prejudice or passion that the Ku Klux bill and the
proceedings thereunder are the grossest outrage,
the foulest calumny ever perpetrated or circulated.
upon or against a helpless people.
That is allowing a minority of this House
to say that the act of the majority is the foul-
est calumny. The Chair would have no hesi-
tation in calling the gentleman from Kentucky,
in his individual capacity, to order for using
any such language as that upon the floor of the
House.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say a word in that
connection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will heat the
gentleman.
Mr. BECK. If it had been said that the
proceedings under the Ku Klux bill were the
foulest calumny 
The SPEAKER. That would be outside
the House. The language is, that " the Ku
Klux bill and the proceedings thereunder"
were the foulest calumny, &c. It is not, as
the gentleman well knows, the province of
the Chair usually to obtrude points of order,
but when that was read in connection with
that quoted by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bixgiiam] the Chair with difficulty restrained
himself from calling the attention of the House
to it, and if he were on the floor in the exercise
of his privilege as a member he wbuld cer-
tainly object to the reception of a report which
denounced the action of the majority of both
branches of Congress in such disrespectful
terms.
Mr. BECK. The proceedings under the
Ku Klux bill have been all outside.
The SPEAKER. It is the Ku Klux bill
that is denounced, and the next paragraph
upon which the gentleman from Ohio made
the point the Clerk will again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Do make our report clear and intelligible to the
masses of the American people, on whose innate
honesty and sense of justice we rely, for we fear no
facts will have any effect on the partisan majority in
Congress, who have already shown by the passage
of the Ku Klux bill against their will and judgment
that they dare not disobey the orders of their impe-
rious, not to say imperial President.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say, in
response to the question of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. VooitHEEs] farthest from the
Chair, that he regards that language, if uttered
by any member on this floor, as grossly unpar-
liamentary and discourteous to the majority of
this House, and would rule it out and call the
gentleman to order for using it.
Mr. COX. As a member of this committee,
my name being signed to this report, I ask
unanimous consent to make a statement.
Mr. POLAND. Am I entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor; but the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cos] desires to be heard.
Mr. POLAND. For how long does the gen-
tleman from New York desire to be heard ?
Mr. COX. Five or ten minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I will yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes.
Mr. COX. This report, and the circum-
stances under which it is made, and I majr
say, with all respect to the Chair, the ruling
of the Chair with respect to the views of the
minority, are so extraordinary, not only in its
effect as a mere matter of business connected
with our committee 
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman frcrti New
York [Mr. Cox] will please observe that in
reflecting upon the ruling of the Chair he
must do it. by an appeal to the House.
Mr. COX. I have never reflected upon the
Chair in any way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires, be-
cause it involves that which he wishes never
to see upon this floor, a question between
parties, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] to remember that it is hardly respectful
or parliamentary in the minority of a commit-
tee to say that the action of the majority of
this House is a gross outrage and a ioul cal-
umny ; yet that is the language this proposed
report of the minority contains.
Mr. COX. I am not so accomplished in the
rules as to be able to say 1
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman
should not reflect upon the Chair iu making
that ruling.
Mr. COX. The Chair will hear me out. I
say I am not so accomplished under the rules
as to say—and I do not believe any member of
this House has ever spoken with more respect
or with more courtesy to the Chair than the
humble member who now addresses it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is glad to
recognize that fact.
Mr. COX. In all my experience of legis-
lation 1 have never before known a point of
order made upon a minority or a majority
report, and it takes us by surprise. I could
quote from the debates on the Ku Klux bill
language a great deal worse than that, which
was not checked by the Chair, because in the
excitement of the debate such matters were
allowed to go by as a matter of course and as
of no consequence in the House. Here is a
report of a minority of a committee, made
under adverse circumstances, made iu a hurry,
made under a terrible pressure of business,
made at a time when we had not the resources
which we should have had, to wit: the major-
ity report; made under agreat deal of passion,
if you please, a great deal of excitement,
because one half of half of oar country is
involved in it. This report comes forward in
a hurry, is driven through the Government
Printing Office as hard as we could drive it so
as to be here when the majority made their
report. We come here to-day from the com-
mittee to speak the views of the minority of
the committee. I make no breach of confi-
dence when I say that we were called to some
account in the committee because of certain
language in our report. We corrected every
point in our report to which objection was
made by the other side as indecorous or dis-
courteous to members on the other side. At
the request of many of the members of the
committee we struck out certain words in the
first paragraph of our report and inserted that
which seemed to give perfect satisfaction to
gentlemen on the other side in the committee.
We inserted in place of the words read by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] the words "Giving the undersigned
an opportunity properly hi ascettain its con-
tents." We made no reflection upon the ma-
jority of the committee that they had withheld
the report from us with any design that we
should not understand what they were about,
or with any design to prevent our report from
being responsive to theirs. We modified the
language of our report so that there should be
no discourtesy toward the gentlemen. And
on page 292 we made a similar amendment in
our report to gratify the gentlemen on the
other side. We struck out the words •' the
conduct and report of the majority," &c.
Nobody in the committee objected to the lan-
guage '* the grossest outrage and foulest cal-
umny." We inserted also ''the proceedings
thereunder," supposing at the time that we
simply referred to the proceedings under the
Ku Klux act. We had no idea of reflecting
personally upon gentlemen of this House. We
undertook to stigmatize not only the bad "legis-
lation which we had a right to review, but the
bad conduct of those who are carrj ing out that
Ku Klux legislation. That is alt that was
meant. No discouitesy was intended to the
House, or to the Speaker, or to the mujoriiy of
the committee by the language we employed.
So, also, on page 607, we made an amendment
