1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2017
ware. This branch of industry sprang up in
1861, growing out of the premium on gold.
Before that time this branch was of little
importance here. It is a hand-labor industry.
It is almost all labor. Some little clay is im-
ported. but most of the raw material is from
our own country. If our present potteries
were fully at work, we could supply'about, half
the quantity of earthenware that is used in this
couutry, and the present duty of forty percent,
barely enables these potteries to compete with
foreign importations.
Another item that I move to strike out is
glass. There is employed in this country
about eight millions of capital in this manu-
facture. Our manufacturers have to compete
with the poor labor of Belgium. The Atlantic
affords no protection, for the cost of transport-
ation of this article across the Atlantic is less
than the transportation from Philadelphia to
New York, and where the glass is brought
into cotton ports much less, because the glass
is taken as ballast. The duties now are only
five cents more than under the tariff of 1846.
Nearly one half of the potteries in this coun-
try are to-day idle for the want of protection.
In Pennsylvania and New Jersey there are a
hundred of these potteries ; forty of them are
idle for the want of protection; and with the
tariff at this time only five per cent, higher
than the tariff of 1846 it is proposed to reduce
it ten per cent. This is unreasonable.
Another item to which I have called the
attention of the Senate is that of cast steel.
This manufacture sprang up in this country
in 1801. It was the tariff, the premium on
gold, and the war demand which gave life and
being to this branch of industry. There are
many millions of capital engaged in this work,
and the reduction of ten per cent., as I am
assured, now that we are deprived of the pro-
tection afforded by the premium on gold, will
simply have the effect of giving our market to
the foreign manufacturer without any competi-
tion to hold him in check.
i hope, sir, that this amendment will be
adopted by the Senate, and I further hope
that the section itself will be stricken out.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the motion is put
on striking out the lines indicated by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, I suppose it will be in
order to amend them and perfect them.
The PRESIDING OFFICE!!, (Mr. Harlan
iu the chair.) It will be.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to amend in
line nineteen, page 6, by inserting after the
words "pig iron" the words "cotton machin-
ery."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Am I at liberty
to accept that amendment? If I am, I do so.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose the Senator is
not. It is not part of his motion. His motion
is to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine is to perfect
the text proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I submit
this motion with the approval of the Commit-
tee on Finance. I have conferred with the
chairman and other members of that commit-
tee, and the amendment meets their approba-
tion. It rests upon a single principle : the raw
material which our mechanics use in the man-
ufacture of cotton machinery pays, by the bill
and by the present law, all the way from ten
to twenty per cent, higher rate of duties than
the manufactured article. Now, whether the
amendment of tlic Senator from New Jersey
should be adopted or not, there is an eminent
propriety in making more equal the duties paid
upon the manufactured articles and the raw
material out of which the manufactured articles
are made. That is the whole of the amend-
ment, and I do not propose to discuss it.
The PRESIDING OFF ICE R. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
42d Cohu. 2d Secss,—No. 127.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I pro-
pose to vote against this second section; but
I do not like the plan which the Senator from
New Jersey takes of attacking it by piecemeal.
If we succeed in striking out one part of it,
then we remove the opposition to the whole
section of all those who are interested in that
particular item, and so of another, and so of
another, and by and by when we come to the
latter parts of it, the proposition to strike out
will have no friends left. I think we bad bet-
ter try the whole section together, and I think
my friend from New Jersey will find himself
stronger upon opposition to the whole section
than he will upon opposition to any particular
point of it. I do not believe any item can be
stricken out unless the whole can be stricken
out; but if some items are stricken out, then
I think the opposition to the whole will be
very much weakened.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose I
might adopt the suggestion of the Senator
from Rhode Island in this way, by making
a motion not to concur—I believe that is the
form—rather than to strike out in the second
section, and if that motion fails, then to move
a reconsideration and have an opportunity
of amending it as it exists.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from New
Jersey makes the statement here that the
industries affected by the second section can-
not stand the reduction of ten per cent upon
the present duties. If I were satisfied of
that fact, I should certainly vote against it.
I should like to hear from the chairman of
the Committee on Finance on that subject.
I understand the committee was engaged last
fall and has been this winter investigating
this very question. I want to vote accord
ing to the very right in regard to it. I should
like to hear from the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question now put.
to me involves the whole merits of this tariff
bill. I will state that the Committee on
Finance did examine every item contained in
the second section of the bill we reported.
We had before us the representation of every
branch of industry in the United States. We
had before us the representatives of the iron
interest and heard them for three different
days. We had before us the representatives
of glassware, hardware, earthenware, and all
the different classes of industry, and especially
the very interesting manufacture of silks in
this country, which has grown very rapidly
and is now an important branch of American
industry; and I now say, with a full knowl-
edge of the facts after hearing the testimony
of these gentlemen who are interested against
the reduction, 1 believe it is for their interest
to have this reduction of ten per cent, made,
because their interest is so connected with the
general interest of the subject-matter, with
the maintenance of the protective system, that
I believe it would be a misfortune to them
if this concession to the consumers of the
country should now be refused.
Many of the constituents of my honorable
friend from New Jersey camebefoie the Com-
mittee on Finance; and on that committee
were certainly gentlemen who were not desir-
ous to break down any manufacturing industry.
Among the rest was my honorable friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] himself the author
and chief manager of the tariff of 18G1. Then
there was the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Wright,] who certainly desired to maintiin
the manufacturing industries of the country.
We heard their various statements of all those
interests, and we came to the conclusion that
there was not a single interest affected by this
amendment that would not be benefited rather
than injured—benefited iu the broad sense—
by this proposed measure, except only pig iron
and steel rails. Those articles were excepted
from the operation of the reduction; and the
reason of that was manifest. The duty on pig
iron was reduced two years ago from nine to
seven dollars a ton, and the duty on steel rails
was also fixed by the act of 1870 at what was
considered a fair duty. The effect of the duty
on steel rails has been greatly to reduce the price
of steel rails. The duty on pig iron was reduced
more than twenty per cent, two years ago, and
is now only what might be regarded as a rev-
enue duty of thirty per cent. If the price'of
pig iron is twenty dollars a ton—and that is
probably rather above the price in England—
seven dollars a ton is only about thirty per
cent., which is less than the average rate of
duty imposed by the tariff law. We thought,
therefore, it was wise to except from the opera-
tions of this reduction pig iron and steel rails.
For the same reason I think it was wise to
except cotton machinery, because the duty
imposed on cotton machinery is but thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem, while upon the material
of which cotton machinery is made the duty
is about forty-five per cent. Therefore it is
proper to except it l'rom the operations of this
reduction.
Now, the question arises, will not our manu-
facturing industries bear a reduction of ten
per cent, on the present duties? Remember,
it is not a reduction of ten per cent, on the
value of the article imported—far from it; it
is ten per cent, on the amount of duty. In
other words, take a ton of iron bars, the duty
on which is one cept a pound, and the value
of which in the market, say of Pittsburg or
Philadelphia, about ninety dollars a ton ; the
duty on it is twenty dollais a ton, and conse-
quently the reduction is two dollars per ton.
In other words, they lose the benefit of the
protection of two dollars a ton on iron, which
is worth iu the home markets about ninety
dollars a ton. On the other hand, they get
several indirect benefits from the passage of
this bill. I n the first place, they get the bene-
fit of the free list. It tea and coffee are also
put on the free list, they derive largely the
benefit of that, because as tea and coffee enter
into the consumption of their laborers, they
indirectly get the benefit of it, as also the
benefit of the free list.
But, besides that, it must be remembered
that the present rates of duty were fixed dur-
ing the war and raised from time to time. In
March, 1861, we fixed the tariff at what was
considered a lair and reasonable rate of pro-
tective duties. In 1862, 1863,1864, and 1865,
we raised those duties under the advancing
necessities of the war. In order to equalize
the duties we made a special raising of the
duties on wools and woolens, in order to sat-
isfy the respective interests of the producer
of wool and the consumer of wool, the manu-
facturer of woolen goods. So, also, we largely
raised the duties on copper, because it was
alleged that the duties on copper were too
low, until finally we reached the highest rates
of duties that had ever been imposed iu this
country. Take wools aud woolens. We can-
not deny the fact that the duties on wools and
woolens are on an average from seventy to
seventy-five per cent. To say that this indus-
try, the manufacture of wool, which can easily
be raised in this country, into woolen cloth, a
simple manufacture, requires a duty of seventy
per cent, ad valorem, it seems to me is carry-
ing the doctrine too far.
But the honorable Senator from New Jersey
says that the manufacturers have lost the bene-
fit of the premium on gold. Why, sir, that is
a fallacy, and has often been demonstrated in
the Senate to be such by my honorable friend
from Vermont. The duties were paid, it is
true, during the war m gold, and the gold was
subject to a premium. For instance, on a yard
of cloth which cost in gold in England during
the war one dollar, the duty in gold would be
seventy cents. Taking the premium on gold
at about its average rate during the war, and
it would probably be about 100; the highest
that it ever reached was 185, but 100 would
be more than the average, and taking it
at that we would double the cost, and that
