1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2913
pardon, regardless of contract and everything
else, you must purge yourself of all disloyalty
before you can be heard in the courts of this
country."
I will not dispute, and have not disputed,
the power of Congress to pass a law in estab-
lishing a court saying who shall go into it.
You have power to do that. But you have
established this court, and I make the point
that having established the court, you now
seek to pass a law in the nature of an ex post
facto law, a law after the fact, to affect the
litigants who have already gone through the
court that you have made for them and invited
them to come forward and be heard in.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
state the difference between my position and
his right on that point?
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. HO WE. My position is that we are not
trying to pass an ex post facto law at all, but
we are trying to say distinctly and explicitly,
so that it shall be intelligible to me and to the
Supreme Court, what we thought we had said
in the act of 1864—no more and no less.
Mr. ALCORN. As to what Congress thought
I am not capable of explaining. As to what
Congress did, I have the authority of the Su-
preme Court for saying. You passed Ihe law,
you passed it to your own satisfaction when
there was nobody here to object, and you
referred it to the highest court of this nation to
explain and to construe, and that court has
construed it; and now what we complain of is
that after the court has construed it, and after
under that construction of the court the south-
ern people have gone on and have presented
their claims, you say not one word until the
case is heard and has passed through all the
forms of adjudication, and then, when the de-
cision has been declared in favor of the claim-
ants, I hold that this action of yours is in the
nature of an ex post facto law. It is an unjust
law, and a law that perpetrates a fraud upon
the people who have gone through this court,
now to come in and say to them "You shall
not have the benefit of your judgment." If
you will, say so in plain language; you hare
the power to say it; but I put myself before
the people of this nation in the equity and jus-
tice of their nature that it is not right to do so.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Mississippi
and myself I think will not differ essentially
as to what is in itself right or wrong. He
seems to think this is a fraud ; but if this act
says no more than what we conscientiously
believe we had said in 1864, is there any fraud
on anybody unless it be the fraud which was
perpetrated in effect by that decision which
declared that we did not say what we all
thought we had said?
Mr. ALCORN. Again I repeat, that as to
what the gentleman thought I shall not dis-
pute or cavil with him; but that he did not
think exactly right is very apparent from the
fact that the decision of the Supreme Court
does not support him in his view of the law of
the case. The Senator contends that there is
yet a land of rebellion. He shakes his head;
but he said awhile ago that he did not propose
to open the courts of the country to all rebel-
dom. That implies that there is a land of
rebellion.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator will agree
on reflection that it does not imply any such
thing necessarily, but simply implies nothing
more than that there was such a land once.
If I spoke of rebeldom, if I used that term,
and I think very likely I did, I spoke of it
with reference to that class of men who in a
late unhappy period of our existence were in
rebellion, and as to that very class which for
that very reason we meant to keep out of the
Court of Claims, I used that term. I did not
mean to say that there was any portion of the
country in rebellion now.
Mr. ALCORN. I am glad that the Senator
puts the rebellion at a period of time that has
But the Senator says that the object
42d Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 183.
is to keep out of the Court of Claims the peo-
ple who have been engaged in rebellion. But
having invited those people, under the ruling
of the Supreme Court, to go into the Court of
Claims, after they have passed a long and
weary way in litigating these questions before
the Court of Claims, I contend that it is now
an act of injustice to that class of people who
haveobtained judgments under the acts of Con-
gress and the construction of the Supreme
Court, to interpose new conditions ; and the
Morrill amendment does interpose other con-
ditions than that which the Supreme Court
declares to exist now as the law stands to-day.
But, more than that, property was taken
after the war had ceased. As I stated the
other day, cotton was taken by the agents of
the Treasury Department after the war had
ceased, and after the proclamation of the Pres-
ident had been made reviviug the commercial
relations between the sections, and after the
property of the citizen was under the civil
law, as we propose to show to the Senate.
Then agents of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, agents of the Treasury, seized upon
this cotton. They had so long regarded it as
the subject of seizure and speculation that for
five long months after the war had ceased
every one of them, whenever he saw a bale
of cotton, felt himself privileged to pounce
upon it, and if there was any resistance to
call upon the military forces of the Govern-
ment for the purpose of protecting him in
the seizure. Cotton was seized after the war
had ended, after the commercial relations of
the two sections had been revived under the
proclamation of the President, and the circu-
lar of the Secretary of the Treasury Depart-
ment declaring such seizures to be in violation
of military orders and of ail civil law. Then
those who were not yet acquainted with their
rights and who were powerless to protect
themselves had their property taken before
their eyes, their cotton seized, under the
promise that it was to be held "in trust; but
they were rebels! Are they entitled to pay
for that cotton ?
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
answer him right there?
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Unquestionably entitled to
pay. Two remedies are open to them, or
rather one remedy is open and another is being
opened. They have a plain remedy to come
here. There never was any authority in the
world for taking that cotton. They have a
plain remedy to come here and ask for com-
pensation, just as if my horse had been taken
I should have no other remedy than to come
here and ask compensation. I cannot go to
the Court of Claims any more than I can go
to the Kingdom of Heaven—on that petition,
I mean. Another remedy is being opened. A
bill is before this House, and I think before
the other, proposing to remit them to the
Treasury Department to have their claims
settled there. That is a distinct thing entirely
outside of the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, even according to the decision of the
Supreme Court, and is not affected at all by
the original act of 1864.
Mr. ALCORN. Tbey have their remedy,
the Senator says. Yes, sir, they have their
remedy; they can come to Congress; they
can go to the Treasury Department; but have
not these people been appealing for the last
seven years for the proceeds of their cotton
after the expenses of the Government have
been deducted from it? Have they not for
the last seven years appealed here and impov-
erished themselves lying around Congress,
and begging that they might have that which
belonged to them? Why, sir, within my own
knowledge there are some of them who have
been before Congress at every session ; there
are some of them here now who are seeking
relief from the-Government, and yet none has
come. They have their remedy, we are told.
Yes, to apply to Congress or to apply to the
Secretary of the Treasury, but their applica-
tion is the end of the case; and that is a com-
plete answer to the suggestion that there is a
remedy.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator does not mean
to do any injustice certainly ?
Mr. ALCORN. Not at all.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know—I wish my
colleagues upon the Committee on Claims
would support or defeat me with their testi-
mony—I do not remember when such a claim
as that has been presented to the Committee
on Claims of the Senate and has been denied.
The Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Bore-
man] has not been so long on the committee
as some others, but lam under the impression
that there are one or twt) claims of that sort
before the committee now; but I do not
remember that a claim of that kind has ever
been denied by that committee.
Mr. ALCORN. Not being a member of
the committee, I am not prepared to speak
except generally. 1 certainly do not wish to
say anything that is improper.
Mr. BOR15MAN. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will allow me, as remarked by the
Senator from Wisconsin, I have but recently
been appointed upon the Committee on Claims,
about a year since. I have heard nothing of
any claim of this sort since I have been on
that committee. There may have been such
claims presented ; but if so, I have not heard
of one within a year, and I have been a mem-
of the committee about a year.'
Mr. ALCORN. Some of these claimants
have been very unfortunate or they misrepre-
sent the facts to me. A gentleman from Geor-
gia, Mr. Hamilton, the other day told me that
he had had a claim before the committee here
for quite a time; he asserted that he had a
large amount of cotton seized after the war
ended, and he assured me that that claim had
been in the hands of the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin who responded but a few mo-
ments ago ; but the Senator's answer is suffi-
cient on that point, as a matter of course.
Mr. HOWL. What part of Georgia is he
from ?
Mr. ALCORN. From Atlanta, I think. Ha
had a large claim amounting to several hun-
dred bales of cotton, and he assured me that
he had been here; that the cotton was taken
after the war ended, and that he had been to
the Department again and again, and that he
had been before the committee, and that'the
Senator from Wisconsin now had that matter
before him, and that he hoped at some time
during the present session he would report it,
and he assured me that the Senator was friendly
to the consideration of his measure.
Mr. HOWE. There is some mistake about
it; I cannot undertake to say precisely where
it is ; but I have no recollection of Mr. Hamil-
ton or his claim.
Mr. ALCORN. What the Senator from
Wisconsin says is satisfactory to me in regard
to any participation he may have had in this
matter. I only know generally about this, and
I speak here for the reason that I have not
understood that it was the purpose of the Gov-
ernment to do a wrong to any one. I speak
here as one who comes from the land that was
in rebellion; I speak here as one who was
engaged in the rebellion ; and I speak plainly,
and I have a right to speak. We ask nothing
that the Government of the United States
seized as the property of the confederate gov-
ernment under its confiscation law. We ask
nothing that you destroyed by the Army as it
went forth. It was our misfortune to be in
the path of the Army and to have our houses
burned, our fields laid waste, oar property
taken. It was one of the misfortunes that
belonged to our position; it was one of the
misfortunes that grew out of the revolution.
It was ours. Mournful, painful though it was,
it was for us to bear it, and we bore it without
murmur and without complaint.
But that property which belonged to tha
