3810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
for which we gave $585,338 last year; you
propose to increase that sum by $304,662,
being, as I say over, sixty per cent, of the
total appropriation of last year. I say. Mr.
. President, it is obvious that the Post Office
Department must be laboring under a gross
mistake in asking this enormous sum.
Mr. POME ROY. I think I can explain
that to the Senator. It is only during the last
year that they have been putting this service
on the western through long lines, like the
line from St. Louis to my State and through
my State. They are discontinuing distribu-
ting offices. Several distributing offices are
discontinued, and the clerks put on the cars to
do the distributing on the cars. This is the
system they have adopted all through the West
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why then do we not
save a like amount?
Mr. POMEROY. We save a large amount
of clerk hire in the distributing offices.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it so happens that
they increase upon us in the clerk hire of the
distributing offices at the same time.
Mr. POMEROY. The through mails in
several of our States were in the habit of going
into the distributing offices aud lying over a
night. To avoid that, the Postmaster General
has put distributing clerks on the cars, and has
the work done on the cars, so that our mails go
directly through without stopping at any dis-
tributing office.
Mr. WINDOM. That is a very recent ser-
vice, too.
Mr. POMEROY. It has all been done
during the past year.
Mr. CAMERON. I know from my own
knowledge and observation that this postal
service has been very much increased. For
instance, the railway mail service has been
established within the last two months between
Baltimore and Niagara Palls. There were
three or four distributing offices on the route
before; but now the postal clerks, with all the
machinery of the Post Office, have been trav-
eling constantly day and night. This has not
only accelerated the transit of the mail, but
reduced the expenses in the office. All this
has been done in the last year by the head
of the Post Office Department. 1 believe my-
self that it is a very great improvement on the
old system both as to speed and economy, aud
I think that ia the opinion of all who have
thought on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur in what the
Senator from Pennsylvania has said as to the
great importance of distributing the mail on
the cars. I think it of vast importance ; and
it facilitates the transit of letters very much.
It is a very great advantage. I am also aware
that this is a new service. It is only a few
years since this system of distributing on the
cars was adopted. It has been in operation
saveral years on a few lines, but it is now
introduced on other lines. I can see the ex-
pense might be increased, but I do not think
that answers the other suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. Certainly by distributing
on the ears we ought to be relieved from the
distributing at the distributing offices, but the
Senator from Vermont says our expenses are
increased there too. That I do not under-
stand.
Mr. RAMSEY. But does not the Senator
see that in the meantime, with the extension
of these postal accommodations to the coun-
try, the country at large is growing?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The country is grow-
ing undoubtedly, but the distributing offices
are not increasing. The distributing offices
are being very largely relieved. For instance,
in the city of Chicago it will not take one clerk
in ten to distribute the mails in the Chicago
city post office where it would have taken
before this system of distribution on the cars
was adopted. Now, every great line that
comes into the city of Chicago has its postal
clerk on the cars, and the distribution is made
there. There is no distribution in Chicago at
all. Of course it must relieve a great many
clerks, and I do not see why the expense should
be increased in the distributing offices.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator from
Vermont is in error in saying that the bill pro-
vides for any increase in the distributing offices.
The bill provides for an increase of clerks in
the post offices, and that includes all the post
offices. There is no specific provision that I
can find for distributing offices. I move the
adoption of the report of the committee of
conference
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator be
good enough to state to me what is the eighth
amendment? I do not know it by number.
Mr. WINDOM. That is the amendment
with reference to the Brazilian line.
Mr. CONKLING. And the report of the
committee is that they disagree ?
Mr. WINDOM. We disagree, and I shall
propose a new conference upon it with the
consent of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the conference
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Without detaining the
Senate a moment, I wish to inquire of the
Chair if it is not an unusual result to have a
report of a conference committee agreeing to
everything except one amendment, and dis-
agreeing as to that, and I should like to in-
quire what is to be the effect as to the eighth
amendment? Will it be in order to move a
separate conference committee on that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that has been done quite often, several
times at least, within eight or ten years, a
committee of conference agreeing on all points
except one on which they could not agree.
When that report has been agreed to by both
branches, a conference committee can be or-
dered on the remaining point of disagreement,
or the branch inserting the amendment can
recede from it. If the report be agreed to,
the bill is still here; and any Senator can
move to recede from the amendment in rela-
tion to the Brazilian line, or to insist, and ask
for another conference with the House on the
subject.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I should like to
inquire of the Senator having the bill in
charge if it is not his purpose to ask a further
conference on this amendment?
Mr. WINDOM. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I Should like to inquire
whether it is practicable at this stage, as we
are likely to have another committee of con-
ference on the steamship service to Brazil, to
agree to the report as to all the other amend-
ments except this one item in regard to postal
clerks, and let that also go before the other
committee, so as to ascertain how the fact is
in regard to the increase of service in the
distributing officps?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.' The
conference report must be accepted or rejected
as a whole; but by refusing to accept this con-
ference report, and askiDg for the appointment
of a new committee of conference, that ques-
tion, with all others, would be submitted to
the new conference. It could not be done
with an exception, because the report is made
in both branches.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not know but that,
being a partial report, we might divide it. If
we could do that, I should like to have this
other item considered also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It could be
reached by declining to agree to this report
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make a point of order
on this conference report on the fact—I was
not aware of it when I was discussing this'
$950,000 item—that it was not within the
competence of the committee to make any
change of the original text of the bill agreed
in by both Houses. The sum of $098,031
was in the bill as it came to us, and the Sen-
ate passed that item just as it came from the
House entire and clear, as the Chair will see
by looking at it.
Mr. WINDOM. On that point of order I
will say that the House by unanimous consent
amended the text before it went to the com-
mittee, so that the committee did not make it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The House has no busi-
ness to amend the part of the bill that we
have agreed to any more than the committee.
Mr. WINDOM. Still such a practice exists.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont makes the point of order that
the conference committee have no right to
alter any part of the text agreed to by both
branches. The Chair will submit that ques-
tion, as it admits of very large debate, to the
Senate for their decision. The Chair will
state at this time, as it has been the subject
of debate heretofore, that when the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution—probably the
highest legislation known to our system of
government—was before the two branches of
Congress the committee of conference struck
out one word in the fifteenth amendment
which had been agreed to by both branches,
and so reported to both branches. There was
a debate as to their power to do so, and both
branches agreed that they had the power to do
it, and it seemed to be necessary in order to
have the language correct. The Chair, how-
ever, will submit this question to the Senate,
because he thinks it is going beyond the usual
power, under parliamentary law, of a confer-
ence committee.
Mr. WINDOM. The conference committee
would not have ventured to put this in, but
the House, by unanimous consent, finding it
absolutely necessary, changed the text in this
regard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate receive this report?
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall not have
any decision of the Senate on that question
now, because the Senate have decided both
ways just according to whether they wanted
to put the thing in or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we ought to de-
cide it on principle, especially as this bill is
yet open for a further conference on a point
not yet agreed to. I should much prefer to
pass an additional bill, or put it in the miscel-
laneous bill, or do anything rather than ba
guilty of so .clear and positive a violation of
the security there is between the two Houses
in knowing what a conference committee does,
as to bolt right into the whole text of the bill
that has been agreed to by both Houses and
make that change. My friend from Minne-
sota knows just as well as I do that the fact
that the House wish to do it has no influence
upon the law of the thing or the propriety of
it. But I do not wish to occupy the time of
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to pro-
tract this debate, but let me say to the Senate
that there is no safety in our legislation if we
allow a committee of conference to bring new
matter into their report. It jeopards every thing.
We cannot amend their report. A committee of
conference is appointed upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, not on the agreeing
votes, and if when the two Houses have agreed
upon the subject-matter a committee ot con-
ference can change that, we have no safety at
all. I hope the Senate will not set such a pre-
cedent. _ We had better by all means not re-
ceive this report. I am in favor of this amend-
ment, because I believe this postal service on
the cars is a very valuable service to the coun-
try. It facilitates very much the transmission
of the mails. I think it a valuable improve-
ment ; and assuming that the amount estimated
for it is requisite, I should be for it. But, sir,
I do hope we shall not establish any such pre-
cedent in the Senate as that a committee of
conference can change what both Houses have
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, if the Senator from Vermont will give
