1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the right to arrest the debate by an objection.
Mr. NIBLACK, I thought it was proceed-
ing by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will now
state his point pf order.
Mr. NIBLACK. It is, that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is reflecting in un-
parliamentary language on the conduct of the
minority of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard
any such language.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like the gentle-
man to quote the language on which he makes
his point of order.
Mr. MORGAN. It is evident, Mr. Speaker,
that the majority of this House are afraid to
let the truth go to the country. They have
the power to prevent it, but the country will
hold them responsible for so doing.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I did not
yield the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. And I also make the point
of order that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] is not speaking from his seat.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM, (returning to his seat.)
Then I will go over there at once. [Laughter. ]
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] one question;
whether or not the minority cannot comment
on any law passed by this Congress, in any
manner and in such phrases as they think
proper for the purpose of inducing the repeal
of such law ?
Mr. SCOFIELD, I make the point of order
that the gentleman from Now York [Mr. Cox]
is not in his seat. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX, (returning to his seat.) Tho
point of order is not well taken. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe the question
has been already settled and ruled upon by
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. From the current debate
the Chair perceives that both sides of the
House have misunderstood what ho said.
When the minority report was offered the
Chair stated that it required unanimous con-
sent to allow it to come in. A minority report
is a matter of grace altogether; it is not a mat-
ter of light, and therefore it requires unani-
mous consent.
The Chair stated when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] called his attention to
the language in the minority report, that if
that language were uttered by a gentleman on
the floor, and a point of order were made
against.it,, that it was unparliamentary, ho would
sustain it, but it is not in the power of the
Chair to rule out a minority report. Unani-
mous consent can bring it in and one objection
can keep it out.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was about to say that
one objection to the receipt of this report
would tor the time^ being prevent its being
received, and I claimed here the right as a
Representative of the people to object to the
receipt of this minority report, and to its pub-
lication at the people's expense and by the
consent of their Representatives, which de-
nounced-a law upon their statute-book passed
in pursuance of the requirements of the Con-
stitution as an outrage the grossest, and with-
out parallel.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object to the gentle-
man's preceding to discuss the minority re-
port after he has objected to its reception.
Mr. COX. I rise to make a statement
which I think will settle this whole question.
It is simply this: in the Senate both reports
were ordered to bo printed, and the whole
thing has been ended.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right whatever to bring to tho attention of the
House what transpires in the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a few words
more to say.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I iise to a question of
order. My colleague says he objects to the
receipt of this report, and I want to know if
it is debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the ques-
tion before the House is what to do with the
minority report which is still pending.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Under the objection
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. He has objected to the
receipt of the minority report.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I am speaking of that.
The SPEAKER. His line of argument is
ended, so far as the reception of the minority
report is concerned.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was only stating reasons
sustaining my objection.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object to any debate
on that point.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. COX. I move that the minority report
1)6 received.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] from the ijiinoi-ity of the
joint select Committee on the Insurrectionary
States, asked in behalf of that minority that
their report may be made and printed in con-
nection with the report of the committee just
made. That requires unanimous consent. Is
there objection?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. COX. Then I move that the views of
the minority be received.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
under a suspension of the rules, if the gen-
tleman from Vermont will allow the sense of
the House to be tested upon it.
Mr. POLAND. Certainly I will. For my-
self I do not desire to object to the recep-
tion of the minority report. Upon consultation
with the Senate chairman of the committee,
we concluded that as members of the com-
mittees we would not object.
Mr. COX. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended so as to allow the report of the
minority to be received and printed in connec-
tion with the majority report.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask that the minor-
ity report be read.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to so amend his motion
as to provide that the language of this report
of the minority shall not infringe upon or vio-
late the rules of the House; and with that no
objection will be made to it.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask that the report
of the minority be read.
The SPEAKER. Under a motion to sus-
pend the rules that would require unanimous
consent.
Mr. COX. This minority report has already
been submitted to the Senate, and there it has
been received and ordered to be printed. And
if we are obliged here to change our report, we
will be in the position of making one report in
the Senate and another in the House. If there
is anything obnoxious in it let it be criticised.
Mr. SHANKS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SHANKS. My point of order is that
no report can be made here in defense of the
Ku Klux that is in consonance with the rules
of any well-regulated body.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Do I understand the
Chair to say that I have no right to have this
report read ?
The SPEAKER. Under a motion to sus-
pend the rules the gentleman has no right to
call for the reading of this document, that
being a right under the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How can we tell
whether we will be willing to receive this or
not until we hear it read V
The SPEAKER.^ There is provision made
in the rules by which a subordinate proposi-
tion to suspend the rules can be made so as
to dispense with the reading of any paper.
And it is not at all infrequent for the House
to use the power to suspend the rules so as to
pass a proposition without its ever bein" read, j
Mr. COX. Very well. _ It takes a vote by
yeas and nays to get the majority report printed.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to have the minority report read.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I object to its being re-
ceived or read.
The question waa upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. BANKS. I ask tho gentleman to accept
the modification I have suggested of his motion
to suspend the rules, that there shall be no
language in it that, in the judgment of the
Speaker, shall infringe the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER The Chair begsncft to
have that responsibility thrown upon him.
Mr. COX. I cannot consent that the major-
ity shall prescribe the report of the minority,
or what character it shall be.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is debate in order pend-
ing the motion to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I object to debate.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Cox, that the rules be so suspended that the
report of the minority of the select Committee
on the late Insurrectionary States shall be
received and printed with the majority report.
Mr. KERR. Has the report of the majority
been received?
The SPEAKER. The committee were
authorized to report at any time.
Mr. BECK. It has not been ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen seem to make
the mistake of supposing that the min ority and
the majority have equal rights so far as making
reports is concerned. Under the rules there
is no such a thing as a minority report. In
this case the majority of the committee had
the right to report at any time.
Mr. KERR. I make the inquiry whether
the majority report has been received by the
House?
The SPEAKER. There is no formal vote
required upon receiving the majority report,
for the House has already authorized it to be
made at any time.
Mr. MORGAN. Have the minority of the
committee no right to be heard?
The SPEAKER. As the Chair has several
times remarked, there is no provision under
the rules whereby the minority of a committee
can make a report. There is provision made
for committees to make reports, and in frequent
instances minorities of committees are granted
the right to present their views as a matter of
grace.
Mr. MORGAN. Then let the word go forth
to the country that the majority are afraid to
let the minority be heard.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. BECK. Can the report of the majority
be printed without further action by this House"?
1 he SPEAKER. The ordinary motion to
print, which is for fifteen hundred and fifty
copies, the same as of bills introduced on Mon-
day morning, has been made and agreed to by
the House. A resolution for printing additional
copies has been submitted, and under the law-
has been referred to the Committee on Print-
ing. That resolution cannot be agreed to
except when it is reported back to the House
by the Committee on Printing.
_ Mr. BECK. Has there been, up to this
time, any action taken by this House to have
the report printed?
The SPEAKER. The report of the majority
was received and ordered to be printed, and
then the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Po-
land] submitted a resolution for the printing
of additional copies, which went to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BECK. I beg pardon of the Chair 
The SPEAKER. The Chair, alike with the
gentleman from Keutueky, [Mr. Beck,] must
be governed by the Journal upon that point.
Mr. BECK. Does the Journal show that
