2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
yard of cloth would cost to the consumer „
the duty would make it $1 70, and then
doubling it for the premium on gold would
make it $3 40. The premium on gold now is
but ten per cent., so that the same article
would cost but $1 87. But, sir, it is a matter
of statistics easily demonstrated that every
article going into the consumption of manu-
factures here at home, with but few exceptions,
and those are attributable to other causes, has
gone down practically with the premium on
gold. What is wheat, what is corn, what are
oats, what are all the domestic fabrics that
enter into the consumption of life? They are
just as much lower now than they were during
the war as the premium on gold then exceeded
the premium now.
Mr. CORBETT. How as to labor ?
Mr. SHEKMAN. Mr. Wells says that labor
has gone down in more than that proportion,
but I do not agree with him. I do not think
labor has gone down that much, and I do not
wish it to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Do I under-
stand my friend to say that the price of raw
silk has gone down ? It is enhanced in value.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Has the price
of iron gone down? lhat is another item
in my amendment. The price of every raw
material that I mentioned has enhanced.
Mr. SHERMAN. The raw silk is imported.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Exactly, and the
price is enhanced.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will tell you the reason
ofthat. All the raw silk that is brought here
is imported. We make no raw silk, or scarcely
any. Are there any cocoons in California?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are a few, it ap-
pears, in California. We import ail the raw
silk, and the raw silk is duty free, and whether
the price is higher or lower depends upon the
demand and supply. The reason why raw silk
has gone up is because there is a great demand
for it, because it is not now produced to as
large degree in France and Italy as it was
formerly, and the price has gone up; but our
tariff does not affect the value of raw silk,
because there is no duty upon it. It is merely
a question of demand and supply.
What I mean to say is that domestic articles
which enter into the daily consumption of the
common people have settled down just in ex-
actly the ratio of the premium on gold, per-
haps differing sometimes to a greater or less
degree, so that a duty novv of seventy per
cent ad valorem on an imported article has
precisely the same degree of protection that a
duty of seventy per cent, ad valorem, had dur-
ing the war. That is the general rule. The
Senator may pick out occasional exceptions,
but if they are exceptions, there are good rea-
sons for them. Most of the raw articles which
enter into the common consumption of all
branches of manufactures are now largely
raised. Why, sir, wool has gone up largely
all over the world. It is not confined to the
United States, but has extended all over the
world. The price is almost double what it
was, and so with all raw products. Indeed,
raw products all over the world have generally
advanced, owing to the increasing demand of
civilized mankind for the basis of domestic
fabrics in the different countries of the world.
But, sir, with the increase of the raw article
goes on the increase of our industry.
I have here a statement furnished to me this
morning from the Census Bureau, which is
one of the most honorable records of progress
probably that the history of mankind furnishes.
There are now in the United States of America
twenty-seven hundred and eighty-two woolen
factories, eighty four hundred and nineteen
cards. " Cards,'7 1 believe are the machinery
which probably measures the capacity ot the
mill more than the number of machines. For
instance, in my own State we have two hun-
dred and sixteen mills, but only three hundred
and fifty-seven cards, while in Rhode Island,
where there are but sixty-four mills, they have
four hundred and sixteen cards—theirs being
large establishments, ours being small ones,
averaging only between one and two cards to
the mill.
The first idea of the manufacturer is always,
when he hears that his duty is to be reduced,
that he is to be brought into conflict with his
laborer, an effort is to be made to reduce the
piice of labor in order to meet this reduced
duty. The first feeling is that it ought not to be
done; that it is better to let well enough alone;
that we had better go on quietly and maintain
the present protective system; but we cannot
as statesmen forget that there is behind a great
mountain of discontent against the present
high rates of duty imposed on the ordinary
necessaries of life, I believe in a protective
system ; I believe in diversifying our industry;
but, sir, we must not maintain these duties so
high as to make the mass of the consumers dis-
contented and feel that they are unreasonably
high.
Now, sir, when we have relieved these man-
ufacturers from all internal taxes, when we pro-
pose to repeal the stamp tax, when we have
taken off the tax on incomes, and many of
them being corporations as a matter of course
have to pay a large income tax, when we have
taken off the taxon the domestic articles, when
we give them raw materials free, we ought to
abate somewhat, not the principle of our pro-
tective duties, but the maximum amounts that
were imposed during the war. Some of the
interests that first came before the Committee
on Finance complaining, after leaving the posi-
tion we had taken, and after seeing what was
put on the free list for their benefit, after re-
garding the whole question in the same light in
which we were compelled to regard it, thought
on the_ whole it was better. Many of them
were discontented, but many of them were
satisfied.
I say again, therefore, in reply to the ques-
tion of the Senator from Indiana, that in my
deliberate judgment it is better for the pro-
tected industries in this country that this slight
modification of duties should be made, rather
than to invite a contest which will endanger
the whole system. If this ten per cent, reduc-
tion is acquiesced in by them, and the people
of the country get the benefit of this reduced
price in the cost of all articles manufactured,
I believe the people of the country will be
satisfied and content. But, sir, you go to the
homely farmer in the State of Ohio—and we
have thousands and tens of thousands of intel-
ligent farmers who can reason about this sub-
ject as well as any member of the Senate—and
he hears these free-trade speeches, that all
these high protective duties are maintained
without diminution, while all the embarrass-
ments that were put upon manufactures in
consequence of the war have been removed,
and although he may be satisfied that it is wise
political economy in this new country of ours
to protect our domestic industries in order to
diversify our labor and furnish a market for
our products, he will feel that these manufac-
turers ought to give some concession for the
great benefits conferred upon them by our
policy.
The whole object of a protective duty is,
first, to diversify our labor, and eventually to
cheapen production. No system of protection
can be maintained unless its ultimate result
is to cheapen the product. Now, sir, I think
tbat our domestic industry, having for six years
had the benefit of these high rates of duty,
ought now to begin to .cheapen the product,
not only by the domestic competition which
is springing up. but also by a reduction of the
rates ot duty.
There are other causes operating largely in
favor of manufacturers. The price of labor
in all the countries of Europe is advancing.
In England the price of labor has already
advanced twenty per cent., and according to 1
|
the testimony of some, more than that. The
workmen of England have organized strikes;
they have organized societies ; they have pro-
hibited apprentices; they have, by a kind of
reign within a reign, a kingdom within a king-
dom, organized themselves so that thpy are
now advancing the price of their labor. All
that inures to the benefit of our own manufac-
turers and laboring men, because it makes
dearer the English product, and therefore ren-
ders unnecessary the high rates of duties
imposed by us since the war.
Sir, I look upon this question simply as a
matter of political economy, without the
slightest reference to its party aspects and its
party effects. Therefore I have, and all the
members who compose the Committee on
Finance have taken up this matter deliber-
ately and examined it carefully, and I think
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania will
admit that we did it slowly aud deliberately
and judiciously. If we have come to a wrong
conclusion, the Senate can correct it. But,
sir, politically, if we must take a political
view of this question, I say it is not wise to
maintain these very high rates of duty; but
we should gradually, not disturb any domestic
industry, not injure any man, but gradually re-
duce the duties. I would not vole for this second
section if I believed it would impair or injure
seriously any domestic industry. I would not
invite a man by our protective laws to embark
his fortune in a manufacturing establishment
and then suddenly change the rates of duty
and break him down. That would be cruel
and oppressive ; it would be an outrage. I
would not vote for a repeal of the duty on salt,
because I would not break down the salt-boil-
ers at otice, although I think the duty on salt
is too high.
But, sir, as domestic competition increases
the power of production in this country, as
labor increases in value in the old countries
of the world, and from other causes as our
country grows greater and stronger, these
duties must be gradually lowered, not arbi-
trarily to a frte-trade standard, but slowly,
with proper regard for the interests that have
been developed by our protective policy ; and
it is wisdom, the highest wisdom on the part
of the protected interests, to gradually yield
to this reduction, only seeing' that it is" not
too rapid.
Now, sir, for six years since the close of the
war those engaged in manufacturing have had
the benefit of these high rates of duty; and
now that all taxes that formerly rested upon
them have been repealed, ought they not to
yield a little, even if it does compel them to
economize, to be more careful, to labor a little
closer, and count the cost of every line of their
products? Ought they not to yield that much
when they have been so long protected and
when their industries have been so successful
for the last six or seven years ? We thought
so. I say so, as far as my own State is con-
cerned, and Ohio is now a manufacturing State,
one of the greatest in the Union, perhaps the
third. In some of the leading branches of
industry it is now becoming one of the most
important. One third of our State is a coal
mine, and forges aud mills of iron and woolens
and all branches of industry are springing up
in our valleys. I like to see them. But the
other two thirds of the State are agricultural.
I, therefore, on this floor am bound t,o repre-
sent fairly both the agricultural and the manu-
facturing interests ; and in coming to a conclu-
sion as to which was the better way to reduce
the tariff and relieve them of some-taxes, I
thought it was better to do it by a percentage
rather tlian to take up one article at a time
and pick the tariff to pieces without knowing
precisely who was injured, who was damaged,
or who was destroyed. The Senate, as a mat-
ter of course, will do what they think is right.
I think this second section is in the interest of
the whole people, the manufacturers as well
as the fanners. I believe it will not do any
