226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio by striking
out. from the instructions all after the intro-
ductory part of the resolution, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
That it Fhall be the duty of the chief of the Bureau
of Statistics, under the direction of the Secretary of
Treasury, in addition to the duties now required to
be performed by him, to investigate and collect
statistics upon the subject of wages and hour? of
labor,and of the division of thejoint profits of labor
and capital between the laborer and the capitalist,
and upon the social, eduoational, and sanitary con-
dition of the laboring classes of the United States,
and upon the bearing and influence of existing laws
of the United States regulating commerce, finance,
and currency upon that welfare.
The amendment which I propose is not
antagonistic to the purpose of the bill.
_ Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I de-
sire to say that I did not yield the floor to the
gentleman from Illinois for the purpose of
allowing an amendment, but for the purpose
of debating the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There was no stipu-
lation of that kind. I know nothing about
that. I yielded to my colleague to offer an
amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. My amendment does
not conflict with any of the views which
have been advanced here by the advocates of
this measure.
Mr. HOAE. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman from Illinois is
not addressing himself to anything before the
House.
Mr. BURCHARD. Well, that is a very
small point of order, indeed. [Laughter.]
The original proposition is that a commission
shall be appointed to investigate and ascertain
certain facts that no member upon this floor
fit to be a member of Congress has not given
some consideration to and cannot be wholly
destitute ofsome information upon that subject.
It is one of the fundamental questions in
political economy and deeply concerns the
public welfare of the country—the proper
division of the profits of capital and labor.
But the bill confesses our ignorance and pro-
poses to give the investigation of these ques-
tions to a commission, creating three addi-
tional officers to draw a salary of 35,000 per j
annum each. I would have no objection to I
that were it not that we have already the ma-
chinery necessary to ascertain these facts.
We have aBureau of Statistics, employed at an
annual expense of from forty to sixty thou-
sand dollars, with a clerical force of from
thirty to forty men, as the Treasury report
shows, who can investigate and inquire
into these facts. I am in favor of utilizing,
as more economical, the force that we have,
and I think it is far better to do that than
to appoint a joint committee of members of
the Senate and House of Representees, as
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. |
Campbell,] empowered to send for persons i
and papers, and investigate the subject. What j
we want is facts and not theories, and we
have already a bureau for ascertaining these
facts.
I thank my colleague for yielding to me. I
have not made amotion to amend the bill, but
simply a motion to amend the instructions
offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
I desire that if they are instructed to report
any measure, it shall be a measure merely
authorizing or requiring the Bureau of Statis-
tics to ascertain these facts.
Mr. FAENSWORTH. I desire to say but
a very few words on this subject. In the out-
set I wish to say that the Republican party has
uone more for the laboring men and women of
(he United States, of all colors, and without
regard to color, than any other party under
the sun ever did. In doing this, I have no
doubt that some of the laws that have been
enacted bear unequally upon labor and capi-
tal. But I think that can all be remedied by
the repeal of a few laws, by the repeal or dim-
inution of some taxes, and by such an adjust-
ment as upon due inquiry members of Congress
would be capable of making.
But I wish to say that I am opposed to any
more commissions upon this subject. It is
proposed by this bill to appoint a commission
ofthreegentlemen, with a salary of 3&,000each
per annum, who are to incubate for four and
twenty months, and then bring forth the re-
sults of their investigation and lay them before
Congress. Now $-5,000 a year is just what a
member of Congress gets. We have here a
Committee on Education and Labor, and a
very intelligent and distinguished committee it
is, too; a much better commission, in my
opinion, than the President or anybody else
can make who may undertake to appoint three
gentlemen from the country at large. Now
we can have the benefit of the labors of that
committee without expending any §5,000 a
year each additional for three commissioners.
And as they are in Congress for two years,
they will have full time to make their investi-
gation, as much time as this commission would
have. We have now commissions enough in
the Government. We have a Commissioner of
Agriculture, a Commissioner on Statistics, a
Commissioner of the Census, a Commissioner of
Education, and sundry othercommissiouers. I
believe the last appointed was a commissioner
on fishes. By the way, I wonder what the com-
missioner on fishes has been doing all this
time. I presume we will have a report from
him soon.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman repeat
what he has just said ? I did not fully under-
stand him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I said that I believed
we had a commissioner on fishes.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
a word ?
t Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not care about
tnp TTIlft'Pr Qt" {ill
Mr. DAWES.' I think my friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] with all the other
members of this House, will be gratified when
we receive the report of that commissioner. I
think that their constituents all along the lakes
will thank somebody for having started that
commission.
I Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well. I will be very
Iglad of that. And besides all those com-
j missions and commissioners, we have com- i
j mittees in both Houses of Congress upon all
| those subjects. We have a Committee on
i Agriculture, a Committee on Manufactures, a
j Committee on Education and Labor, and com-
| mittees upon almost every conceivable subject.
If there is any necessity for another committee
on this special subject let us appoint it, but do
not pass an act of Congress providing for send-
ing out a commission of three long-laboring
gentlemen, very well dressed and very distin-
guished, courteonsgentlemen, no doubt, gradu-
ates of some distinguished college in New
England, to labor for two years to ascertain
and discover what we ought to know here to
begin with, to advise us as to what kind of
laws we should pass in reference to capital
and labor. We had a Commissioner of Rev-
enue awhile ago. He did not happen to suit
certain gentlemen from certain sections of this
country upon the subject of the tariff, and he
was turned out.
Mr. HOAR. He was not turned out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, his term ex-
pired and we would not renew it because he
happened to be a low-tariff man. Now, if we
should happen to get on this commission three
high-tariff men, their panacea for all the woes ;
that afflict this country would be a tariff on
pig-iron and coal. If we should happen to get j!
a free trade commission, their remedy for all !j
woe', their adjustment of all the differences ji
between capital and labor, would be free trade. |j
Now, sir, a committee of this House appointed ji
from different portions of the country, repre- !;
senting different views ; representing labor and j!
capital, batiks and agriculture, and everything !!
of that kind, is the best sort of a committee to If
investigate this subject and report to tin; Route;
at least so it seems to me.
It is proposed by some gentlemen to com-
mence relieving the labor of the country by
repealing the tax upon incomes. It is pro-
posed to begin the work of ameliorating the
condition of oppressed labor by repealing the
only tax we impose upon capital. From an-
other source it is proposed to repeal the tax
upon banks. That is an excellent remedy for
the relief of the laboring men. Such are the
various propositions presented. Sir, let this
matter be referred to the committee that has
had it in charge; let them make the necessary
investigations and report to this House, and I
certainly shall receive their report with a great
deal of respect.
Mr. TOWNSBND, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield ten minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Kil-
linger.]
Mr. KILLINGER. Mr. Speaker, in the early
part of the session I introduced a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on Education
and Labor to inquire into the'expediency of
reporting a measure looking to the establish-
ment of a bureau of labor in connection with
the Department of Agriculture. My prefer-
ence now would be that this question should
take that shape—that the Commissioner of
Agriculture, whom we know to be a compe-
tent gentleman, should have charge of this
whole subject. In this way we should avoid
the creation of a commission. I do nor favor
the establishment of new offices, especially
sinecure offices. I much prefer that the offi-
cers of the Government now in power and now
drawing salaries should discharge the duties
which this bill proposes to assign to a commis-
sion consisting of three members. The Com-
missioner of Agriculture has time enough to
spare from the discharge of his present duties
to give his attention to this subject: and I
believe that his would be the proper depart-
ment of the Government to take charge of this
subject.
However, sir. I do not rise to antagonize
the bill now before the House, for if 1 cannot
get such a measure as I prefer, I will go for a
commission such as is proposed. But 1 wish
to call the attention of the House to two
. amendments which I have proposed to this
1 bill, and the adoption of which I regard as of
great importance in order to perfect it. The
bill provides that these commissioners shall
hold office for two years. I propose that their
labors shall be limited to one year. If the
Congress of the United States is in earnest on
this subject, and means to meet the views and
demands of the laboring people, we must not
put off this question for two years. What the
people want is speedy action, not mere resolves
and not mere sentimentalism. They require
prompt action. If we constitute a commis-
sion to serve two years from the day of their
appointment, this Congress wili not receive the
report of that commission : it will be made to
the Forty-Third Congress.
Now, I contend that the Congress institut-
ing this commission ought to have the report
made to it, and that we should take the
responsibility of acting upon that report.
There is ample time for this commission to do
its full duty within the period of one year.
The necessary facts and statistics are patent,
to public inquiry. Many of them are official
records, and are easily accessible. I contend,
sir, that if this Congress is in earnest—if we are
not paltering with the laboring people on this
question—we will meet it before our terms
expire in a practical way. and noi merely
theorize about it, not merelv pass abstract
resolutions and make buncombe speeches.
We shall be keeping the word of promis" to
the ear and breaking it to the hope if we put
off this action for two years, and the laboring
people of my section will so regard il. If Con
greo^ j,<i afVaid to meet this question and lf 
grapple with it after the report is made, we
may as well let the whole question rest.
