1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
harm to any industrial interest that is now
fairly arid firmly established.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I feel some-
what embarrassed in my allegiance to t.he com-
mittee of which I ami a member. When the
motion was made to insert tea and coffee on
the free list, the Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of that, committee, announced that if it
prevailed he would deem it his duty to abandon
the second section of the bill, for both could
not be retained with safety to the revenue. 1
followed him with all due deference in com-
mittee; I made up my mind that he was right,
and that I would advocate the striking out of
the second section from the bill when tea and
coffee were made free ; but I am not able to
follow with the facility of my friend the chang-
ing phases of this bill. He now favors the
second section, which reduces the duties on
textile and metallic fabrics, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend will
allow me to state that when the tariff bill, as
reported by the committee, was up, and, much
to my surprise, both sides of the Senate agreed
to surrender the revenue on tea and coffee, I
did say that, I would not vote for the second
section, and I would not if the question was
upon that bill. But, sir, we have now added
to the tea and coffee bill the second, third,
fourth, and fifth sections of the tariff bill; that
is, if we adhere to the votes in committee.
The first section is not yet adopted. The first
section, aside from the duty on tea and coffee,
repeals about four millions of revenue. I_
would not vote for the first section unless the
S-enate would recall the vote on tea and coffee.
Perhaps an opportunity may offer; I do not
know; I shall not present the amendment,
but certainly an amendment ought to be offered
to allow the Senate to reconsider the question
of tea and coffee, but I will not go one inch
beyond the reductions now proposed, which
are six millions beyond what the committee
proposed, unless the duties on tea and coffee
are restored. I stated yesterday when I came
into the room, with the sanc;ion of my friend
from Pennsylvania, that I had so far abandoned
the position announced the day before as to
agree to a reduction of $28,000,000, instead
ot a reduction of $21,000,000, and he acqui-
esced m that, and seemed to be satisfied.
Mr. SCOTT. Now, Mr. President, I only
wish to quote, on the subject of the adminis-
tration ot the finance, the chairman of the
Senate Finance Committee at one time against
the chairman of the Senate Finance Commit-
tee at another, his first statement being that
we could not do without the revenue raised
by the duties on the articles in the second sec-
tion if we took off the duties on tea and coffee.
He now changes his position. 1 wish that not
to be lost sight of in the Senate. I feel now
at entire liberty to proceed and discuss this
bill in the light in which the votes recently
taken have placed it. I wish to call attention
to the injustice that will be done by the Sen-
ate in adopting the second section upon any
basis upon which you can now place it before
the country.
The allegation is that the Senite 'Finance
Committee have patiently heard all interested
in these industries ; have heard the statements
of proprietors, of laborers, and consumers;
and have reported a bill which they believe
will do justice to all these parties. Now, if
you look at the first section of that bill, you
will find there is a reduction of duty on lum-
ber, coal, salt, and, according to my vecollec
tion, many other articles. That was necessary
to equalize the adjustment ot duties. Now,
when you comedown to the second section of
the bill, there is an adjustment of the duties
on cottons, woolens, metals, leather. &c., and
the proposition of the Senator is to do justice
by reducing the duties upon the manuiactures
contained in the second section, and then
abandon the first, and thus produce the very
inequality which is complained of. If it be
necessary to do justice, then let us hold these
subjects over until we can do it to all these
interests.
Now, I wish to call attention to the inter-
ests affected in view of the statement made
by the Senator from Indiana as to the kind
of duty that ought to be adjusted and kept up
in the country, namely, what he called a
competitive duty. The elements involved in
this second section, when examined, disclose
a state of facts which I think has not been
considered by the Senator, ill reference to
the industries that are to be affected. The
chairman has stated that a reduction of duties
upon the articles in the second section will
amount to $>8,274,776. That is correct. Now,
remember that is a reduction of only ten per
cent, on the existing duties. So that in order
to ascertain how much of duty is collected
upon those articles, multiply that reduction
by ten, and you will find that the articles
upon which the reduction is made produced
$82,747,760 of the revenue of the fiscal year
ending June SO, 1871. What was the whole
revenue? It was $206,270,000, so that you
take this from cottons, woolens, metals, earth-
enware, glass, leather, India rubber—seven,
interests only out of all those that are affected
by the duties upon imports.
These seven interests yield to the Govern-
ment two fifths of all the revenue. The two
fifths would make $82,508,000, and $82,747,760
is the amount upon which this reduction is
made. Here are seven industries which yield
two fifths of the revenue of the Government
from customs, and you propose to strike down
these seven industries by taking the ten per
cent, reduction of duties trom them, while you
permit the duties that are in the first section
and the duties upon all the others which have
been imposed by these war tariffs to remain.
Surely the Senator from Indiana will not con-
tend that when the imports which come in
competition with these seven interests yield
this amount of revenue, such duties are not
competitive.
Now, sir, what kind of justice is there in
such reduction upon a few interests? Do you
tell me the duties are high? iron has been
referred to; other articles have been referred
to as being higher than ever they were be-
fore. It is a great mistake. I have in my
hand the rates of duty imposed from the foun-
dation of the Government up to the present
time, and, taking iron as an instance, how is
it? If any member has before him the recent
table compiled by the Bureau of Statistics, by
turning to page 22, he will find that the duty
on pig iron in 1816. 1818, and 1819, was fifty
cents a hundred-weight. That was ten dol-
lars a ton. Going on under the tariff of 1824
and 1825, it remained at fifty cents. Under
the tariff ot 1828 it was raided to sixty-two and
a half cents per hundred weight.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to explain the reason for thai?
Mr. SCO IT. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The price of iron at that
time was three or four times what it is now.
When 1 spoke of the rates of duty I referred
totbem ad valorem, of course.
Mr. SCO FX. I will come to that directly.
This was a specific duty, a duty ot fifty cents
a hundred-weight, or ten dollars a ton.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is very true ; but
the price of iron at that time was probably
$100 a ton.
Mr. SCOTT. I have here the prices at
various periods. In 1828, a period to which
I have referred, pig iron in England was from
twenty six to twenty-nine dollars a ton, instead
of $100 a ton.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is about twice the
present price.
Mr. SCO I'T. In 1816 it was from thirty-
three to forty three dollars a ton, and from
1842 to 1850 it averaged $19 65 a ton. I have
the prices both in England and this country
from 1810 down to the present time. But
my remarks as to duties have been broken in.
upon, and I return to that subject. I- was
down so far as 1833 with the duty on pig iron.
It remained at fifty cents a' ton; it was the
same in 1836; it was the same in 1841. By
the tariff of August 30, 1842, it was raised to
nine dollars a ton. Now, coming from 1842
down to the present time, 1 find that by the
tariff of 1846 it was put at thirty per cent.,
and in that year, as I have stated, it was about
twenty dollars a ton, so that the duty on it
would be six dollars a ton. In 1857, a disas-
trous act for the interest of the country, it
was reduced to twenty-four per cent. In
March, 1861, it was put at six dollars a ton,
and remained at six dollars a ton by the acts
of August and December, 1861. By the tariff
act of 1862 and 1863 it was six dollars a ton,
and was not raised to nine dollars until 1864,
1865, and 1866, by the successive acts of those
years, and it so remained until we reduced it
in 1870 to seven dollars a ton. Jt has been
as high as $12 50 a ton and is now down to
seven dollars. This is selected 'as a specimen
for the purpose of illustrating how high these
duties are.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pig iron is not affected
by this bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I am aware this bill does
not propose to reduce it, but I am selecting it
as an interest which is not affected by the bill,
and is consequently used lor the purpose of
illustration to show .that you are doing an
injustice to other interests. A statement was
made yesterday (and the remark of the Sen
ator from Ohio brings it forcibly to my mind)
by the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] in
reply to the Senator from Mississippi, as fol-
lows :
"If the Senator will excuse me, I will say that I
have no doubt that many persons voted as he did on
that subject with the view he has expressed. I have
no question of that; but tho leader in this move-
rnen t"—
Referring to the movement to put coffee on
the free list—
"and the phalanx that followed him are known to
be the advocates of pro toction par se. The Senator
moving the amendment was the one who dissented
from the Committee on Finance and came out ot it
and made this motion representing Pennsylvania,
which is nothing without protection, in politics I
mean."
On the same assumption I suppose that
Missouri is nothing in politics without dis-
traction. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is very much
mistaken. We are the most united people in
the couutry.
Mr. SCO I'T. We shall see that in a few
weeks. 1 believe the Republicans are uniting.
Now, Mr. President, these remarks, as well
as that of the Senator from Ohio, suggest that
I was making this argument m the interest ot
Pennsylvania particularly. 1 made this motion
not in the interest of Pennsylvania so much
as I did it in the interest of free labor every■
where. I take up the articles that are em-
braced in thai, second section, and the dunes
amount to $8,747,274. Now, taking the re-
ductions which are made, (and 1 have taken
the trouble togoover them.) if all the pig iron
and steel were made ill Pennsylvania the re-
duction would amount to $1,500,000 out of
$8,747,000. But Ohio is interested, as the
Senator tells you, in iron as well as Pennsyl-
vania, and I need not call the attention, of
Senators here to the fact that there are many
other States that are rapidly becoming as
much interested in it as Pennsylvania, indeed
more, for our establishments have been so
long in successful operation that they are be-
coming a little like the cotton mdtiuf..ctuies
in New England, able to stand alone, and
perhaps needing protection far less than those
of Oii=o and Indiana and the Senator's own
State, Missouri.
This interest, then, is not a Pennsylvania
interest, and I, representing Pennsylvania,
