1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
State of Minnesota, whose final payment has
not been taade, shall be allowed the additional
time of two years in which to make final proof
and payment from the time at which such pre-
emptions are required to be paid for by the
present law.
Mr. DUNNELL. With the permission of
the House, I will state that this bill has the
unanimous consent of the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman, why should not this apply
to all persons holding preemptions as well as
to those merely in Minnesota?
Mr. DUNNELL. Because the same rea-
sons do not exist in other States. In the State
of Minnesota there is a reason for this bill, in
the fact that the parties for whose benefit it is
designed have suffered largely from fire and
otherwise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. So have
the people in Wisconsin.
Mr. DUNNELL. Well, let them come in
with their bill. But this bill as I have stated
has the unanimous support of the Committee
on the Public Lands, and is requested by the
State Legislature.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me, 1 should like to
amend by striking out the exclusive applica-
tion of the bill to Minnesota.
Mr. DUNNELL. I insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended and the bill passed.
The question being taken on suspending
the rules, there were—ayes .82, noes 31; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. Is further count insisted
on?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
Sointed Mr. Dunnell, and Mr. Butler of
[assachusetts.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ I appeal to the
gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his mo-
tion to allow me to introduce an appropriation
bill.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
_ The SPEAKER. Before the vote is taken,
either upon the adjournment or by tellers on
the motion of the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Dunnell,] the Chair asks that several
gentlemen who were not in their seats when
the States were called in the morning hour may
be allowed to introduce bills for reference.
There was no objection.
harriet pendleton.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1649) for the relief
of Mrs. Harriet Pendleton, widow of George
H. Pendleton, late of the United States Navy ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1650) to relieve cer-
tain persons therein named from political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to bo printed.
solomon books.
Mr. PACKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1651) to provide
for the payment of Solomon Books, for ser-
vices as mail-route agent; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
margaret mekklein.
Mr. B. P. MEYERS, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1652) for
the relief of Margaret Merklein ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
maimed and disabled soldiers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. ft. No.
1653) to amend an act entitled "An act to
clothe the maimed and disabled soldiers,"
approved March 22, 1867 ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
cypress masonic lodge.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Appro-
priations the bill (H. R. No. 1114) for the
relief of Cypress Lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons, at Florence, Alabama ; and the com-
mittee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and it was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
ii. pappan et al.
Mr. SARGENT also, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Appro-
priations a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, relative to the claims of H. Pappan and
others for depredations committed by Chey-
enne Indians ; and the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and it was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
preemptions in minnesota.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my demand for further count on the bill
offered by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Dunnell.]
The SPEAKER. If there be no demand
for further count, the Chair will assume that
two thirds have voted for the motion to sus-
pend the rules. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
So therules were suspended, and the bill (H.
R. No. 864) to extend the time of payment
for their lands by persons holding preemptions
on the public lands in the State of Minnesota
was passed.
deficiency bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 1654) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872, and for former years,
and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed and made the spe-
cial order for to-morrow after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to reserve all points of order on that bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to call
the attention of the House for a moment to
the points of order. There are two items of
legislation in the bill; one in regard to cartage
for the Government, providing that there shall
be no constructive charges for cartage, and
the.second item is a provision to repeal the
law which provides for paying money out of
the Treasury for the printing of the laws in
the newspapers. I ask the House to allow
those two items in the bill to be in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the House will not do so, and will not repeal
the law for the printing of the laws in the
newspapers. I desire to ask why the law pro-
viding for the publication of the laws in the
newspapers should be repealed without de-
bate V
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We do not ask
that it shall be repealed without debate. The
question was debated in the House, and the
House by a very large majority refused to make
an appropriation for the purpose, but the
Secretary of State sends us word that unless vre
repeal the law he will be obliged to go on and
incur the expenditure, and it will have to come
in as a deficiency ; so that we shall not reach
the purpose which the House has clearly indi-
cated by a large majority unless we put in this
clause repealing the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the law will not be repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This provision
is made necessary by the action of the House.
I hop© that those two items will be considered
in order, and let the points of order hold
against everything else in^he bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.' Those two points
are in the interest of economy, are they not?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Both, very
decidedly,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is all right.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
the iuterest of economy to prevent the people
from knowing what the laws are?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules so as to make those two items
in the bill in order.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
concurrent resolution of the House in relation
to the printing of the report of the chief of the
Bureau of Statistics on the subject of immi-
gration.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing of extra copies of the report
of the commissioner on fish and fisheries, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrenco
of the House.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Ambler, on ac-
count of sickness in his family.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Jones for tea days.
deficiency bill.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, to suspend the rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on that
motion. This is an important question. The
motion of the gentleman from Ohio is in the
interest of economy.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Hoi.maj? were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 86, noes 40.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN said: There are $70,000 a
year involved in this matter; and therefore I
call for the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
Pending the question on ordering the yeas
and nays,
william j. jl'lntyre.
Mr. SNAPP, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1655) to provide for
the payment of services performed by Wil-
liam J. Mclntyre; which was read a first and
second_ time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
edward w. crandall.
Mr. SNAPP, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1656) to pay Edward
W. Crandall for the destruction of sutlers'
goods; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
adjournment.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to adjourn, upon which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] has called
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty-two in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
