228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
not a distant day in the life of man, but at an
early day for so great a work, to lay before
Congress a mass of information that members
cannot obtain elsewhere, that has never been
collected, and that cannot be collected except
in some such way as is here proposed. And,
sir, such a commission, making such a report,
would have as beneficent a result as this Con-
gress can by any means produce during the
whole of the period of its existence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOWN3END, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, how much time have I left of my
hour?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Blair,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Ten minutes.
Mr. TOWNbEND, of Pennsylvania. Iyield
the balance of my time to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevexson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the most
intelligent laboring men complain of the legis-
lation of the national Congress, because of the
tariff with its multitude of provisions laying
onerous taxes upon the people without benefit
to the Treasury. They complain of our legis-
lation, because of the fostering of great mo-
nopolies winding themselves about the nation
and threatening to crush the life out ot it in its
youth. They complain of the waste, the almost
criminal waste of the public lands, of the
squandering of the national domain which
ought to be reserved for homesteads to them-
selves and to their children.
I believe these complaints and others of
like nature to be well-founded. They certainly
deserve to be heard and gravely considered.
For this reason we should raise some such
commission as is here proposed; and there
is another reason for it: although the work-
ingmen of America have good grouud to com-
plain against the national Government, yet
they have also much cause for congratulation
that they live in this free country, and the
report from such a commission cannot but
show that the laboring masses of America are
infinitely better off than the same classes in
Europe. A national official report such as
this commission will make will be a most val-
uable document, not only of interest to us, but
of great interest to Europe : and it will increase
the tide of immigiation to our shores, and
thereby return to us manifold any amount
which it may cost.
There is also another reason for raising this
commission. It is that the working people
want it. They are the majority of the people
of this country, W e are here to represent them,
and we are bound to hear their complaints.
Mr. PERCE. I am requested by several
members on both sides of ihe House to call
the previous question at the present time. I
am willing, however, before doing so, to yield
to any gentleman who may desire to speak on
the question before the House. It" any gentle-
man will indicate such a desire, I will have
pleasure in yielding to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it right
to state that if the previous question be called
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] to recommit with instructions,
and the call should be sustained, the operation
of the previous question will not be exhausted
until the bill is put upon its third reading and
engrossment.
Mr. BIGGS. I would state to the chairman
of the committee, the gentleman 'from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Perce.] that there are several
gentleman here who desire to say something
upon the bill. I would suggest that he should
consent to allowing thirty minutes to this side
of the House.
Mr. PEKOE. If the gentleman from Dela-
ware [Mr. Biggs] desires to be heard, I will
yield to^hiro with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. KERR. I think it right also to say that
several ^gentlemen have left ihe Hall on the un-
derstanding that, no vote will be taken to day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
apprehension, from his own knowledge, that
that statement is correct; that several gentle-
men have left with the impression, from the
notice which was given, that there would be no
vote on the bill to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I more that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league, [Mr. Campbell,] before making that
motion, to yield to me for the purpose of re-
porting a bill from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know that I
should be expected to say anything in support of
the instructions of the committee, which I have
offered. I have certainly no disposition to pro-
tract this debate, or to go into any elaborate
discussion of the question before the House.
I think it a very important one. But it is late
in the afternoon ; many members have left the
Hall; and in that view I propose to make a
motion to adjourn, but will yield temporarily
to my colleague, [Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.]
Mr. HOAR. Would it not be agreeable to
the gentleman to have the previous question
considered as ordered at the end of thirtymin-
utes debate going on in the mean time, and
then adjourn, having a full hour for discussion
to-morrow ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know. Mr.
Speaker, what number of gentlemen may desire
to be heard; and I should dislike to assume
authority to make any arrangements which
might cut them off to-morrow. I have no doubt
that our side of the House is disposed to come
to a vote to-morrow without ativ unreasonable
delay. I will inquire, Mr. Speaker, whether I
shall be entitled to the floor in the morning
upon this proposition?
The SPEAKER. The floor has not been
formally assigned ; but the gentleman is upon
the floor, and would be entitled to proceed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 withdraw for the time
being the motion to adjourn, in order to enable
my colleague, the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, to report a bill.
expenses of kit klcx committer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on Ap-
propriations. with two amendments, the bill
(H. R. No. 484) making an appropriation to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
expenses of the joint select Committee on
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States.
The bill, which was read for information,
appropriates for expenses of the joint select
Committee on Alleged Outrages in the South-
ern States the sum of ยง40,000, which is to be
carried for this purpose to the contingent
fund of the Senate and to be expended on vouch-
ers of the chairman of the joint committee.
The amendments were read, as follows :
In line six strike out "$40,000" and insert
" $27,845."
In lines seven, eight, and nine strike out the
words " to be expended on vouchers of the chair-
man of said joint committee."
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill now?
Mr. ELDlilDGE. Reserving the right to
object, I wish to make a suggestion to the
gentleman from Ohio. It seems to me that
the great reduction in the amount of the
appropriation, from 540,000 to $27,84.5,
demands at least some detailed report show-
ing what these expens.es have been.
Mr. GAKFJELD, of Ohio. I will answer
any question of the gentleman.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. This bill appropriat-
ing $40,000 was introduced here without any
report, and an amendment is now offered
reducing the amount to $27,000 without any
reason given for it. It seems to me that
under such circumstances the bill ought not
to pass without some explanation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not ask
the House to pass the bill without any explan-
ation. if the gentleman will a'low the bill to
be considered, 1 will make an explanation and
will answer any questions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will state how much hasbeen expended already.
The SPEAKElt. The Chair cannot allow
debate to proceed on a bill while an objection
is pending.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I reserve the right to
object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to reserve an objection. The Chair has
recognized Ins objection as pending till now.
Does the gentleman object or not? The bill
must be before the House or not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well. Mr. Speaker. I do
not think the bill ought to be pass'd under
such circumstances, and I therefore object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair make" tlw rul-
ing as he has repeatedly done before, bcause
it is one of the most duiigeums practx-es that
could possibly be introduced upon this floor, to
have any sort of an arrangement by which a
bill may or may not be considered. The right
to object is absolute, and must be exercised
absolutely, and not conditionally.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The question was upon the following amend-
ments, reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations:
In line six, strike out "$40,000," and insert in lieu
thereof "S27,845."
In linesseven, eight,and nine, strike outtbe worda
"and to be expended on vouchers of the chairman
of said joint committee."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the joint Committee on Investigation of Alleged
Outrages in'the Southern States was appointed
under the provisions of the concurrent resolu-
tion of the 20th of March, 1871. and their
expenses were to be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate. The resolution
itself specified that the vouchers for payments
were to be approved by the chairman of the
committee, so that the machinery for pay-
ments should be within the committee itself.
The Committee on Appropriations felt some
delicacy in inquiring into matters wholly in the
hands of the Senate, but at the fame time they
felt it their duty to make the inquiry, and I
hold in my hand a detailed statement of the
expenditures of that commiitee as exhibited
by the chairman of the committee. I bold
also in my hand the journal of the committee,
kept frota the time of its first organization
until the final adjournment in September.
Thatjournal shows that there were twenty mem-
bers of the committee : that they all mr-t at first
and held a short se.-sion here, and di-inbuted
themselves into sub-committees, which visited
different parts of the South ; that c.t a later
period they all met again and beard the re-
ports from the sub-committees; tlut they had
a very large number of witnesses summoned
before them, and that they have taken, in all,
six thousand printed pages of testimony, tobc
laid before the House and the Sena's. I have
in this statement before me the amount paid
to members of the committee as mileage, and
for expenses, and a detailed .statement of what
was paid to the witness's and stenographers.
I suppose the House will not require to have
the whole laid before them. It is too volu-
minous; but 1 will say that $12,000 had b^eu
appropriat-d for the us" of the c mm;ttee
before the adjournni uit of Congress at its last,
session, l'iial amount has been expended,
and they have alMi burrowed and expended
$27,845. They ask in this bi.ll lor $10,000.
If that amount were allowed it would pay their
indebtedness and have them about ยฃ12,500
more fur additional work. The Committee on
Appropriations did not feci inclined in a bill,
which is in its natur- a deficiency bill, to do
anything more than make good the expendi-
tures which the committee have made; thev
have therefore stricken off the whole of the
appropriation tli.it looked forward to future
expi'iidiiure.-,. if the limine or the Sonate
de-ire to make any additional appropriation,
the committee which 1 represent wish them to
take the responsibility of doing so, but for
