2020
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
while I will to the best of my ability take care
•of her interests, disclaim that the motion is
one so narrow as having merely for its basis
the interests of a State.
This brings me to consider for one brief
moment the very question which I think I can
call the'Senator from Ohio to witness was pre-
sented to us as the one involved in this reduc-
tion. He has stated that we heard many
representatives of various interests, and that
after hearing them the committee came to the
conclusion, as undoubtedly a majority of them
did, in entire good faith, and after the most
laborious and painstaking examination, that
it would be for the interest of those manufac-
turers that this reduction should be made.
Now, Mr. President, there were more than
manufacturers, in the ordinary sense of that
term, before the committee ; there were more
than those who had their capital invested in
mills; there were the workingmen engaged
in those mills; and I ask the Senator if it is
not correct that whenever the subject of the
reduction of duty was broached there to pro-
prietor and operative the answer was that
the redaction simply involved the question of
reducing the wages of labor? Was there any
dissent in a single instance of any one of the
manufacturers who were before us, whether
of iron, earthenware, glass, steel, silk, any
single interest in which, when the chairman
impressed upon them the necessity of taking
care of their interest by yielding to this demand
for a reduction, they did not say that it was
simply a question of the reduction of labor ?
The proprietors say, 11 We can close our estab-
lishments ; we can live upon the interest of
capital, while our laborers may not be able to
do so; and if our mills stand open for a time
the alternative to them is to seek new employ-
ment or go and work at reduced wages." That
was the alternative presented.
And now, sir, the very prediction which the
Senator from Indiana has made is the one
that, if verified, will bring about that result by
inserting this second section. What was his
prediction ? It was that if we reduce the duties
by adopting the second section the revenues
will increase. How will they increase? I
need not say to my friend that he must, be-
fore he can get the revenues up to the present
standard, increase imports, if they must be
larger to yield an equal revenue at reduced
rates, they must be very much larger to yield
increased revenues; and just in proportion as
you increase the imports do you throw idle
our own labor ; and that is the question which
is presented if the Senator's argument be true.
These customs, which are already so large as to
give uneasiness to every man who asks the ques-
tion how we are to pay for them after awhile,
will so largely increase that our mills will be
idle, our capital will be unemployed, the for-
eign imports will be thrown in upon us, if for
no other reason, for the purpose of obtaining
control of the market until they can break
ours down. Then will come financial distress
and panic, perhaps the stopping of our manu-
factories all over the land, and the cessation
for the time being of customs, of the ability
to buy and pay for imports, or to pay any other
kind of taxes.
This idea of immense profits on the part of
the manufacturers I think is producing an
erroneous impression on the minds of the
Senate. Why, sir, I have heard laboring men
who discussed this subject, and they discussed
it as intelligently as anybody else, say that
even reducing the question of human labor
down to the low standard that existed in the
slave States and putting a good mechanic at
$2,000, if they could be guaranteed an annual
saving of what would be equivalent to the
interest at six per cent, on $2,000, after keep-
ing themselves, they would be perfectly content.
Well, sir, now when the manufactories stop
the man who owns the product of dead labor,
who has capital in his hands, can stand by and
live through the storm, while the laboring
man is not receiving enough to enable Mm to
weather it. Now, sir, I wish a system which
will put the product of the labor of the living
man at least equal with the representative of
the labor of the dead man; and you cannot
get away from this labor question. Sir, as I
stated in the argument which I had the honor
to make before the Senate a few days ago, it
is.the question which the representatives of
these interests presented to the Committee on
Finance. They are as good judges of their in-
terest as the Committee on Finance can be.
They do not fear this predicted storm which,
according to the Senator from Maine, is to roll
over the country and strike down all these
manufacturing interests if duties are not
reduced.
Why, sir, what is the position of those who
resist them? It is not " Give us ten per cent,
reduction to-day, and that shall stand for five
or for seven years." If it were I, standing
here as the representative perhaps of as many
manufacturing interests as any other Senator,
would take them at their word and say, "If
you will give us stability for seven years at
•a reduction of ten per cent., you shall have
it." But, sir, read the petition which they
send in to us. It is to abolish the duties on
pig iron, glass, silks, and on woolens and cot-
tons and other articles, showing that their de-
sire is to employ and pay for foreign labor and
to throw idle our own. On that subject, as
the Senator from Indiana recently alluded to
it, and is desirous to do what is right toward
the laborers of our country, let me supply to
him a fact in a form which cannot be denied,
whatever other denials may be made about
the effect of this system in England in regard
to their population.
I hold in my hand Whitaker's Almanac,
which, as we all know, gives the most accurate
statistics with regard to the whole Biitish Gov-
ernment, and it is the last edition, for 1872.
I wish to call attention to the proportion of
pauperism which existed in that country dur-
ing the year 1869. On page 190 of that book
I read as follows :
"The population of the counties of England and
Wales is here given for 1871, with their valuation as
assessed under difierent schedules of tho income and
property tax, the amount collected for the poor-rate,
and the number of paupers in 1869. The last column
cannot be looked at without some feelings of shame,
and the question will naturally arise whether it is
necessary, with all our uncultivated land at home
and abroad, that such a state of pauperism should
exist, or whether some means might not be found
by _which these idle, unproductive hands could be
turned into industrious producers of wealth, and
thus add to the material welfare of the community."
Then follows the table. With a population
of 21,000,000 in round numbers in England
they have 995,000 paupers; in other words,
one inhabitant out of every twenty-one is a
pauper, and their poor-rate is £9,100,244 on a
valuation of real estate of £302,577,000.' In
Wales it is far worse, for out of a population
of 1,216,000 they have 143,836 paupers, or
more than one in every ten, and their poor-rate
is £616,209 upon a valuation of £10,873,890.
There is the effect of a policy such as that
which you are asked to adopt, striking down
that protection which is given to labor, and to
labor alone, in this country. I might go fur-
ther and show that this has driven England to
what is certainly a most humiliating exhibit
for her to put forth in one of her own publica-
tions. It is this, in reference to emigration, on
page 274:
The poor-law act of 1834, and other subsequent
acts, empower the application of the poor-rate
toward the emigration of poor persons, and enable
guardians ot unions and of parishes to promote emi-
gration at toe cost of their funds, with the order
and subject to the regulations of the poor-law
board.
" The general cfleet of the acts appears to be that
guardians oi unions or of separate parishes not in
union, may, without the previous consent of the ves-
try meeting, but with the sanction of the poor-law
board, expend any sum not exceeding ten pounds
in aiding the emigration of any poor person having
a settlement in the parish, or iu any parish of the
union.
" So also the guardians are not limited as to the
amount to be expended by them in respect of poor
persons who are actually chargeable upon the com-
mon fund of the union, whether settled therein or
not."
The effect of that sentence being to show
that the limitation of ten pounds is removed.
You thus have the degree of pauperism and
the fact acknowledged in their own publica-
tions that they authorize the officers charged
with their poor to get rid of them by paying
their passage to us or wherever else they will
go. Is there any man here who wishes to legis-
late to bring about a state of affairs of that
character in this country ? That is the ques-
tion presented by this reduction.
Now, getting to the financial point of view,
if you introduce this section you take away
$8,000,000. If we repeal the duty on tea and
coffee, as we have done by our vote, and as I
hope we shall do without fail, $19,000,000
more, that will make $27,000,000. The free list
makes nearly four million dollars, making
$31,000,000 that we shall have reduced the
revenue. We do not know whether the first
section will go in or not; but if it does, it is
$3,000,000 more.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say to the
Senator as to tea and coffee, that during part
of the last fiscal year the tax on tea and coffee
was at a much higher rate than it is under the
present law; but if the same number of pounds
are imported this year as last year, the actual
reduction is $15,892,000; but taking the ac-
tual increase at four per cent., the amount
agreed on as the proper increase, the loss by
putting tea and coffee on the free list is about
sixteen and a half million dollars.
Mr. SCOTT. However that may be, I find,
on looking at the importations both at New
York and San Francisco, that the increase is
very much over the percentage for that part
of this year which has run; but let me pro-
ceed. Suppose it to be $19,000,000 on tea
and coffee; $4,000,000 on the tree list, mak-
ing $23,000,000, $8,000,000 by the second
section, making $31,000,000; and now if you
add the internal taxes, which we all desire to
do, that will make the whole reduction $62,-
000,000. The Secretary of the Treasury told
us that we might reduce $36,000,000. The
Senator from Ohio (in which I agreed with
him) told us we could add $14,000,000 as the
probable increase of customs, and that would
make the amount which we could safely go to.
He said $36,000,000; and by adding the
$14,000,000 we might go to $50",000,000 ; but
as now proposed, even without the first sec-
tion of the bill, you will reduce the revenues
$62,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. That is upon the idea
that this ten per cent, reduction is to cost
$8,000,000 of revenue. Does the Senator really
believe that ? .
Mr. SCOTT. I really believe that if it does
not reduce the revenue $8,000,000, but if on
the contrary you increase the importations so
far as that the revenue will come up to that
point, you will so injuriously affect the indus-
trial interests of this country that you will lose
far more than $8,000,000 from your Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING. Far more than $8,000,-
000 in what regard ? As to internal taxes ?
Mr. SCOll. As to the ability of the people
to buy and pay for any imports that you want
them to buy and pay tor. You will introduce
by tthe increase ot imports so much embarrass-
ment into the manufacturing interests of the
country that those who now make wages and
are able to pay for your imports will be idle
and without employment.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment there?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Agreeing with him as
