1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2917
will state briefly the reason why this amend-
ment ought to be adopted. There are three
classes who will be affected by the passage of
this bill: first, the importers of tea and coffee ;
second, the dealers of all classes, jobbers and
small retailers; third, the consumers. The
importers who have goods in bond complain
that their trade is stagnated, that many of
them are being ruined for the reason that
while the subject is pending, uncertain, no
dealers will buy. On the other hand, the
dealers, who have their stock in hand, have
purchased it of the importers and in their
purchases the existing duty was an element
in the price, and to put the bill into" effect
immediately would be to bring into competi-
tion with their duty-paid tea and coffee the
duty-free tea and coffee; so that it would be
unjust to the retail dealers, the small deal-
ers who have their stocks in hand. So far as
the consumers are concerned, the amendment
only postpones the operation of the benefits
which will inure to them until the 1st day of
July and brings the revenue law in harmony
with the accounts of the Government in the
fiscal year, which will end at the same time
that this bill will go into effect.
While thora might have been, and were,
and perhaps are yet many reasons that might
be pressed for patting the law into immediate
operation, I believe I am correct in stating
that it was the unanimous opinion of the Fi-
nance Committee, and an opinion concurred
in by the interests generally who were affected
by this bill, that the 1st of Jnly should be the
period when it should go into operation. It
is for that reason f offer the amendment, and
in offering it I again express the hope that this
will be the only amendment that will be
adopted to this bill ; that the Senate will con-
cur in this amendment and refuse to introduce
any other subject, for I am satisfied, 1 think I
may say more than satisfied, I feel assured if
we do that, speedy, immediate action will be
taken upon the subject in the House, and the
great staguatipn in trade and the ruin that has
been brought to many will -be averted from
others by this immediate action.
1 shall not take up the time of the Senate in
reading to them the numerous dispatches that
have come to me within the last few days
urging immediate action, not this or that
action, but immediate action; so that they
may know that this subject is settled. I trust,
then, that we may be able at once to reach a
vote on this amendment and dispose of it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Pennsylvania or the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance whether
the 1st of July would be a period long enough
for the large importing merchants of the West
to dispose of their stock? 1 have received a
great many dispatches, I believe from every
wholesale merchant in Louisville, which is the
largest city in Kentucky, on this subject. I
take it that this bill is to go back to the House,
how long it will remain there we cannot tell.
Now, it seems to me we cannot expect that
this bill will pass before the 15th of May ;
and without any experience or definite knowl-
edge myself, X submit to the gentlemen on the
Finance Committee whether five or six weeks
will be a sufficient time for the wholesale mer-
chants having large stocks on hand to dispose
of those stocks without serious injury. If they
think it is, if they are satisfied on that subject,
then I have nothing more to say. I only
desire, so far as I can, to guard the interests
of the largo importing merchants in the State
of Kentucky.
. Mr. SHERMAN. In answering the ques-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky I can say
all that I desire to say in regard to this hill.
I «m opposed myself to the repeal of the duty
on tea and coffee, although I should not op-
pose its reduction to about one half—not on
the ground that I do not know it is a public
benefit to repeal the duty on tea and coffee,
but that I believe the repeal of other taxes
would be more beneficial to our common con-
stituents. By maintaining a revenue duty of,
say, eight cents a pound on tea and one or
two cents on coffee, we should be enabled to
expend the reduction of other forms of taxa-
tion much more injurious to the people, much
further than we shall if this bill passes. But
both Houses having decided that tea and cof-
fee should be put upon the free list, I am not
disposed myself to contest the matter except
by ray vote. Therefore I shall simply vote
against the bill, and make no further opposi-
tion to this repeal.
In regard to the time when this act shall take
effect, when the subject was first presented to
the Finance Committee we had before us in-
numerable petitions from all parts of the Uni-
ted States praying a postponement of the tak-
ing effect of tlie act. The importers and other
persons interested in tea and coffee came here
Irorn Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore. Some of them wished the repeal
to take effect on the 1st of May, some on the
1st ol June, some on the 1st of J uly, and some
of them wanted to postpone it until the 1st of
January next; but finally, after a conference
among them, they agreed upon the 1st of July,
and at their instance, and by the unanimous
direction of the Committee on Finance, I re
ported the fact to the Senate in reporting the
bill, and, so far as I know, no complaint has
ever been made of the day fixed by the Senate
committee, the 1st of July. The jobbers of
Cincinnati, who have a common interest with
those of Louisville, were satisfied with, and
indeed many of them were anxious to have the
bill passed fixed at that date. They say that
the stock of tea and coffee on the market in
Mareh when this repeal was first passed was
rather small, that the consumption from the
1st of March to the 1st of July will use up the
whole stock on hand, so that the dealers will
not be affected by the sudden change of value
of tea and coffee. So far as I know, they are
content, and there has been no objection made
since the announcement by me in the Senate
that the 1st of July was fixed ; there has been
no complaint made, so far as I know, by any
one in the trade. On the contrary, they gen-
erally desire to have this bill passed in order
that they may make their purchases for the
future in view of the repeal of the duty oil the
1st of July.
Now, Mr. President—and this is the point I
wish to mention to the Senate—some of the very
men who came to us and insisted that we should
fix the 1st of July as the time when this act
should take effect have endeavored to create
a clamor in the city of New York, and in other
great commercial cities, against the action of
the Senate on this very point, and I have re-
ceived telegrams and letters from some of the
very men who agreed to the statement made
here in the Senate, and who appealed to us to
make that statement, and fix the t-ime—some
of those very men have used every effort in
their power to induce us to violate that agree-
ment made at their own suggestion. I have no
word of complaint of them. I think to do
that under the circumstances would be a viola-
tion of a kind of quasi public faith, a violation
of an implied understanding, a violation of an
agreement that 1 would not consent to under
any circumstances. I have been rather sur-
prised that men engaged in this business would
make the kind of appeals that I know they
have made to have this law take effect imme-
diately.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask my friend
whether that agreement extended to anything
more than the operation of the repeal?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
In regard to the amendments of this bill, I
believe myself it would be well to-attach to
this bill the free list that was agreed upon in
the Committee on Finance, and was passed by
the unanimous vote of the Senate, and of our
right to propose which there cannot be a pos- j
sibility of doubt. The Committee on Privileges j
and Elections of the Senate have unanimously
reported that we have the right to add other
articles to the repeal proposed by this bill.
We have the right, in other words, to extend
the operation of this bill to other articles, by
repealing the duty on them. A doubt has
been expressed by the committee as to our
right to propose a reduced rate of taxation,
but they unanimously affirm that we have the
right to propose amendments in the nature of
an entire repeal. That right cannot be aban-
doned without a surrender of the power of the
Senate over the question.
Therefore, while we have this tea and coffee
bill before us, though I do not intend to offer
any amendment myself, I shall certainly vote
for an extension of the repeal to many other
articles just as necessary to the people of this
country, just as necessary to the manufactur-
ing interests of the' country, just as necessary
to all branches of business in the country, as
the repeal of the duty on tea and coffee. So
far as I am concerned I shall vote for the ex-
tension of the free list, and to make this bill
what it ought to be, a free list including tea
and coffee, although, as I said before, I think
the duty on tea and coffee ought not to be en-
tirely repealed, at least at the present stage,
until we are able to repeal nearly all our inter-
nal taxes. With that amendment I should be
perfectly content.
I believe this is all I desire to say about
this bill except that there has been agood deal
of unnecessary complaint made in regard to
the action of the Senate in some of the com-
mercial papers, and 1 must confess I felt a
little sensitive about it. The whole of the
difficulty has grown out of the fact that this
bill was passed hurriedly in the House of
Representatives without ten minutes consider-
ation. A single member at his desk sat down
and hurriedly wrote the bill as it was sent to
us, on a Monday morning, without any notice
to any member of the House, and it "was put
through by a suspension of ihe rules under the
previous question, agp.inst the united voice of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House, against their remonstrance, and sent
to us over a year ago. When we proposed to
amend the bill, complaint was made that we
proposed to amend it, and complaint is also
made that we did not pass it. If we had passed
it in the form in which it was sent to us by the
House of Representatives it would have con-
fiscated property of more than $20,000,000 in
value. The amount of tea and coffee on hand
then in the hands of dealers upon which the
duty has been paid was probably worth from
ten to twenty million dollars. The value of
the tea and coffee consumed in this country
amouuts to nearly one hundred million dollars
a jear, and it is presumable that at the time
this bill was passed $25,000,000 of that kind
of property was in the hands of people of the
United States upon which they had paid duty,
and if we had passed the bill on the very day it
passed the House of Representatives we should
have confiscated all ttie duty that had been
paid on the goods on hand and brought free
tea and coffee into direct competition with
§25,000.000 of property in the hands of honest
dealers who had bought the articles and paid
the tax on it. Sucn an injustice would be
without a parallel. Therefore it has always
been tbe custom, never departed from except
in time of war, to fix some future day when these
bills shall take effect. Because we have not
hurried through this bill in utter disregard of
the rights of the people of this country engaged
in this business, at the demand of those who
hold these articles in bond as importers ready
to sell at reduced rates to the injury of the
dealers of the country, we have been harshly
criticised and complained of.
I desired to make these remarks in justice
not only to the Committee on Finance, but to
myself.
Phe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The Chair must remind
