1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear a
parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. HOLMAN. Should the motion to
adjourn he now agreed to, would not the
motion to suspend the rules, so that the two
provisions in the deficiency bill indicated by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] may
be in order, be thereby postponed until Mon-
day Dext ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ^ake this
occasion to remark that a great deal of argu-
ment in the nature of debate is made here
under the specious guise of parliamentary
inquiries. For instance, it is not a proper
parliamentary inquiry for a member to ask
whether, should the House now adjourn, the
effect would be to postpone the further session
of this House till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The most
important propositions are acted upon here
without any opportunity at all for discussion.
The SPEAKER. On Monday afternoon,
as the gentleman well knows, two thirds of
the House can do anything they choose.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to adjourn; and there were—yeas 86,
nays 73, not voting 81; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barber. Barry, Bell, Bev-
eridge. Bigby, Bingham, Boles. George M. Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Cosh-
Ian, Comingo. Conger, Cotton. Creely, Crocker,
Dickey ,Duell,Earaes, Farwell,Charles Foster, WUder
D. Foster, Frye. Harmer, George K Harris. Havens,
Hawiey, Ilay, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Ilerndon, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Ketcham,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
Mercur, Merrick, Monroe, Morphis, Negley, Orr,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perco, Aaron F.
Perry, Peters. Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snapp. Stoughton, Stowell, Taffe, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner,
"Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Whitthorne, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—86.
NAYS—Messr3. Acker, Arthur, Barnum, Realty,
Beck. Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, James Brooks,
Buffinton, Burdett, Caldwell, Coburn, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Dox, Duke, Dun-
nell. Eldredgo, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker,
Garfield, Gotz, Golladay, Griffith,Hale. Hambleton,
Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, Hibbard, IIol-
man, Kerr, Leach, McClelland, McCormick,_ Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, McNcoly, Merriam, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblack, Hosea
W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Eli Perry, Potter, Wil-
liam It. Roberts, Shellabarger, Shobcr, Slater, Slo-
eum, Sloss, 11. Milton Sneer, Sprasruc. Stevens,
Storm, Strong, Swann,Terry,Upson, Wells, Willard,
"Williams of New York. Winchester, and Young—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Banks, Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, Buck-
ley, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler.Campbell,Carroll,
Freeman Clarke, Conner, Crossland, Darrall, De
Large, Du I>ose, Elliott, Ely, Henry D.Foster, Gar-
rett.-Goodrich, Haldoman, Iialsey, John T. Harris,
Hays, Hereford, Itooper, Kellogg, Kendall, Killin-
ger. King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall. McJunkin, McKinney,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Pendleton, Piatt, Poland,
Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice,John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Rogers, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sessions, Shel-
don, Sherwood, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, St.
John, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Tut-
hill. Van Trump. Vaughan. Voorhees, Waddell,
Waldron. Walls, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, and
Wood—81
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and thirty minutes p.m.)
the House adjourned.
rutitioxs, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of George
W. Helton, as guardian of Mary E. Barton,
infant daughter of William Barton, late pri-
vate company I, seventh regiment Kentucky
volunteer infantry, for pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah Fee, widow of
Hiram Fee, late private company F, forty-
seventh regimentKentucky infantry, for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of George
Winter, that persons known as regular pub-
lishers and dealers in newspapers and period-
icals may receive by mail such quantities of
either as they may require, in bulk, whether
wholly or in part printed, and pay the postage
thereon, as received, at the same vales pro rata
as regular subscribers to publications weighing
four ounces, who pay quarterly in advance.
By Mr. BIRD : The petition of Rosannah
Allison, widow of Captain Robert P. Alli-
son, of the thirty-eighth regiment New York
infantry volunteers, asking a pension.
By Mr. BOLES: The memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Little
Rock, Arkansas, asking that the cotton tax be
refunded.
By Mr. BRIGHT: The petition of the direct-
ors of Mount Olivet Cemetery Company, in
relation to damages to the same by the Federal
Army.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of J. A.
Giddens and 65 others, asking the establish-
ment of a post route from Letohatchie, Lowndes
county, Alabama, via Hickory Grove, Mount
Carrnel, Argus, and Helicon, to Olustee Creek.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of certain professors of the United
States Military Academy, asking that section
thirteen, of the act of July 15, 1870, be
amended.
Also, the petition of David Wood and others,
citizens of Newburyport, for indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1801.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Texas : The memorial
of citizens of Texas praying the removal of
the cotton tax.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Rear Admiral
Charles Wilkes, asking Congress to construe
the late pay law (1870) as to naval officers, &c.
By Mr. CROCKER: The petition of the
officers of the Lancaster Savings Bank, for
the repeal of the bank tax.
Also, the petition of the officers of the
Barre Savings Bank, for the repeal of the
bank tax.
Also, the petition of soldiers and heirs of
soldiers, Otis H. Dyer, and 133 others, who
served in the war of the rebellion, for addi-
tional bounty.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of Arch.
H. Stuart and a large number of others, offi-
cers and soldiers in the State of Iowa, ask-
ing an equalization of bounties for soldiers
and sailors in the late war, and such an amend-
ment of the act of July 15, 1870, as to allow
such soldiers and sailors to enter the quota
of land therein named without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Edward
Molloy, publisher of the Weekly Journal, at
Cortland, New York, and of H. P. Winsor,
publisher of the Jordan Transcript, at Jordan,
New York, praying an amendment of the
postal laws, so that persons known as reg-
ular publishers and dealers in newspapers and
periodicals may receive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay
the postage thereon, as, received at the same
rates pro rata as regular subscribers to pub-
lications weighing four ounces, who pay quar-
terly in advance.
Also, the petition of George L. Maynard and
Edward B. Griswold, of Syracuse, New York,
asking the payment of a claim due them from
the United States for furnishing recruits.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of the
Grand Army of the Republic, of Minnesota, in
relation to public lands and increase of pen-
sions.
Also, the petition of W. R. Griswold and
others, of Minnesota, asking a change iu the
postal laws.
Also, the petition of E. L. Kenny and 200
others, late volunteers from Minnesota in the
Union Army, asking an equalization of boun-
ties.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of M. Van
Horn and 144 others, citizens of Newport,
Rhode Island, praying to be protected in their
civil rights.
Also, the petition of John T. Waugh and
72 others, citizens of Providence, Rhode Isl-
and, to be guarantied certain civil rights.
By Mr, ELDREDGE : The petition of E.
Buson, M. Bohon, H. G. Leonard, J. J.
Buson, H. M. Ketchum, J. N. Watrous, Carl
du Haas & Son, S. M. Smead, Theodore
Friedlander, and T. F. Strong, printers and
publishers, of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, ask-
ing the removal of the tariff on type and other
printing material.
By Mr. FORKER : The petition of Charles
S. S. Rim, Thomas N. Adams, and others,
wholesale liquor dealers,_ to amend the pres-
ent law on distilled spirits so that all taxes
imposed be consolidated into one tax and col-
lected at the distillery bonded warehouse.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of Abagail
Pike, for pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, asking
an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at Ashtabula, Ohio.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Niles,
Trumbull county, Ohio, protesting against
any change in the tariff on iron and other
articles successfully manufactured in this
country.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Youngs-
town, Ohio, protesting against any change in
the present tariff on goods successfully manu-
factured in this country.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of Elizabeth
Zluhan, widow of Johnathan Zluhan, late a
private of company K, ninety-third Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, praying for a pension,and an
allowance of fifty dollars commutation money
in lieu of an artificial limb.
By Mr. GRIFFITH : The petition of Cap-
lain James Barr and 70 others, citizens of the
State of Pennsylvania, late officers and sol-
diers of the Army of the United States, ask-
ing Congress to pass an act giving to all sol-
diers, sailors, and marines who enlisted in the
service of the United States for the suppres-
sion of the late rebellion, and who have an
honorable discharge, and to the heirs of those
that are deceased, $8 33j per month for the
entire time served, deducting all Government
bounty heretofore paid, as a matter of simple
justice, not only to the soldiers who served
three years, but to those soldiers who en-
listed during the first years of the rebellion
and were discharged by reason of disability
caused by hardships and exposure incident
to camp life before serving two years, and who
never received a dollar of bounty under any
act of Congress heretofore passed ; also so
to amend the twenty-fifth section of the act
approved July 15, 1870, as to allow soldiers
and sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed, or such amount as may be thought
proper, without the requirements of settlement
and cultivation.
By Mr. HAVENS: The memorial of R. J.
Henderson, of Neosho, Missouri, asking com-
pensation for^balance due him for wood cut
and delivered under contract.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Stephen H.
Sayre, newspaper publisher, asking Congress
to authorize the Post Office Department to
receive and transport newspapers from the
central office to the local office at the rate of
postage that Congress has fixed for similar
service as per section one hundred and sixty-
two of the codified laws, now before Congress.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of William
G. Krutz, for payment for eoaF3elivered to the
United States steamer Reindeer.
Also, the petition of J. J. Hazelrigg, pub-
lisher of the Greensburgh (Indiana) Standard,
to reduce and equalize the postage on periodi-
