1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
our parts we have proceeded only so far as to
pay the actual expenses already incurred and
admitted, approved arid vouched for by the
chairman of the select committee.
I feel it due, however, to the Committee on
Appropriations to make one remark. I find
by the journal of the joint committee that at
their first meeting they voted that the amount
to be allowed for expenses to each member
should be eight dollars per day. So far as my
experience goes that is an unusual amount to
be awarded. I have understood, ever since I
have been a member of the House, that the
expenses of a member of an investigating
committee had been fixed by custom at not
more than six dollars a day, with the usual
ten cents a mile for traveling expenses, which
is also allowed to witnesses who have testified
before committees. The Committee on Ap-
propriations regarded this as an unusal amount
to allow, but we did not feel that we were the
proper judges of the matter, and, as these ac-
counts had been allowed and a settlement had
been made, the committee merely state the
fact to the House for its information, and re-
port the actual sum already settled for and
vouched for by the chairman of the committee,
who had the whole business in his hands.
The Committee on Appropriations have
instructed me (and 1 mention it here simply
for information) to report to the House a
resolution directing the select Committee on
Civil Service Reform to prepare and report a
bill to fix hereafter the amount that shall be
allowed as expenses for member's of commit-
tees serving during the recess of Congress, and
also to settle the whole question of the fees
and per diem of witnesses. That is one of
the things that the Committee on Appropria-
tions believe ought to be fixed by law; we
think our civil service reform ought to begin
at home here.
I have now said all I desire to say, and will
yield for questions if gentlemen desire to ask
"them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will allow me a moment to make a suggestion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield for
a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.' I do not wish to ask a
question, but I want to make a suggestion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will hear the
gentleman's suggestion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I made an objection to
this bill, in the first place, not because I had
any desire to hinder or delay the payment of
the gentlemen who were upon that joint com-
mittee, but I made it perhaps out of a sort of
spite which I felt toward the proceedings of
that committee. At all events I had in my
mind a lingering recollection of an assurance
which we received from the gentlemen who
were in favor of that committee, as a sort of
breakwater between the effort which was made
to pass the bill under which the President has
seen fit to act in suspending the writ of habeas
corpvs, an ! the proposition to furnish this
House with information which they ought to
have had previous to acting upon that bill.
We were assured, as I understood from the
other side of the House, that this committee
would furnish evidence to the President of the
United States with reference to the southern
States, before he would act upon the authority
given him under the bill commonly called the
Ku lilux bill.
But it would seem that this committee has
served about the same purpose as the exam-
ination by the justice of the peace, which was
made after his judgment had been rendered
and carried into execution. His judgment
was rendered and the party was whipped, his
judgment being fully carried into execution.
The justice of the peace then proposed to hear
the evidence and the arguments upon which
he ought to have ac'ed in rendering his judg-
ment. That is about the attitude of this com-
mittee. Now, I was in hopes that we would
have had some explanation of this matter
before this time, so that we might be satisfied
with the candor and fairness with which we
were treated when this subject was before the
House at the time this committee was ap-
pointed. That was the point which I thought
1 would reserve to myself the right to make
inquiry about, when I made my conditional
objection to this bill.
Now, I would like to know what amount this
committee has already cost the country, both
in the matter of the expenses of the commit-
tee itself and the expenses of the witnesses
which have been brought before it. I would
like to have the country understand, I would
like to have my constituents understand what
this committee has cost us, because I think it-
is simply so much money wasted, as the Presi-
dent has acted without regard to the commit-
tee, upon information independent of the com-
mittee, and the committee has really rendered
no service to the country, however valuable its
report may seem to be as regards facts. It
seems to me that it is due to the House that
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions should tell us what this committee and
this investigation have already cost the coun-
try.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will answer
the gentleman. After this bill shall have been
passed, and their already adjudicated accounts
have been paid, the committee will have ex-
pended the sum of $69,907 39. Of course
that is exclusive of the printing and any cost
that may arise from getting out the various
volumes of their testimony and report.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does that include the
fees and expenses of the Sergeant-at-Arms?
I would like the gentleman, if he has the
information, to give to the House the aggre-
gate sum for the printing and everything else
that this committee has cost this country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is the
aggregate, as I understand it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It must be much more
than that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will give the
gentleman the exact items. There was appro-
priated under the appropriations of last Con-
gress $42,062 39. That is now all expended;
and the committee has made additional bills,
which have been passed a.nd vouched for as cor-
rect, amounting to $27,845, which they report,
as the deficiency nccessaryto settle everything
up to the present time. Those two sums make
the amount I have already named, $09,907 39.
Of course this is exclusive of the cost of print
ins:, which I have no means of estimating ; but
it is understood that there will be seven vob
umes of testimony making about six thousand
pages, which will of course, at the usual rates,
be a tolerably heavy item.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What was the object, then,
of asking an appropriation which would have
made the aggregate about one hundred million
dollars ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
asked in this bill $40,000, which would have
made up their deficiency of $27,845, and left
about twelve thousand five hundred dollars for
further work that they proposed to do, as I
understand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What was the sum to
which this $40,000 is a deficiency!
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Sixty-nine
thousand nine hundred and seven dollars and
thirty-nine cents would be the total.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is that the personal
expenses alone of the committee, or does it
include witnesses' fees, sergeant-at-arms' fees,
and all the expenses consequent upon this
investigation ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It includes
everything. In this table which I hold in my
hand appears on the first page the amount paid
to members of the committee; then follows
the,amount paid to clerks; then the sum
paid to the stenographers of the committee.
Then follow six or seven pages of the names
of witnesses, with their mileage and per diem.
These items footed up make the total I have
already named.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether in the item of mileage there is any
charge for constructive mileage where witnesses
were already on the spot when summoned to
be examined ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
asked the chairman of the joint committee that
question particularly, and he answered that
at the first meeting of the committee he did
not allow pay or mileage to any Senator, be-
cause at that time the Senate happened to be
here in extra session. He further stated that
he did not allow constructive mileage to any
member; mileage was allowed only to those
who actually traveled.
Mr. WOOD. My question did not refer to
members of the committee so much as to wit-
nesses. I will say just heie that I hold it is
one of the abuses in the practice of this House
that where the Sergeant-at-Arms has subpenaed
witnesses who attended of their own accord,
a charge has been made for constructive mile-
age, and money has in that way been paid out
of the contingent fund. This committee has
traveled about through the southern States.,
and I wish to know whether, when they have
called witnesses residing on the spot, there
has been any such charge.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Senator
who is chairman of the joint committee in-
formed the Committee on Appropriations that
he required every witness, when receiving pay-
ment, to make oath that he had actually per-
formed the travel in obedience to a summons;
and he told the committee of a number of
cases in which he had rejected claims because
the party had happened to be in the city of
Washington on his own business and was sum-
moned while here. I think there was no con-
structive mileage of that sort.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to have that itemized statement printed,
so that we can have the benefit of it?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. -1 have no ob-
jection to its being printed, except on account
of its great length. I do not like to cumber
the columns of the Globe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is an important docu-
ment; and! certainly hope that the gentleman
will allow it. to be printed as a part of his speech
or report, that we may have in detail the in-
formation he has tried to give us in general
terms from that paper.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I dislike to
burden the columns of the Globe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will publish it as part of his speech.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not like
to do that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has tried
to give us information from that paper ; he has
read it over page by page, referring to the dif-
ferent items-; and I think it should be printed
in detail.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is at liberty to examine the paper.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not care so much
about it for myself; but I want the House and
the country to have the benefit of it. I know
the gentleman is candid and fair about this
thing. I ask the gentleman to have that paper
read at the Speaker's desk, that is, if he does
not desire it read as a part of his speech.
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man desires it printed as a-document for the
information of the members of the House, I
have no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has at-
tempted to give us information from that paper,
and has turned over leaf after leaf, and has
said here was so and so, and here so and so.
Now the paper is to be suppressed. All thaT [
ask is that it may be read at the Speaker's desk,
so that we may know what it does contain.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am unwilling
to detain the House to have eight or ten pages
of figures read.
