3814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
A bill (H. R. No. 2879) granting a pension
to Eliza B. Anderson ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2880) for a public build-
ing at Atlanta, Georgia.
The message also announced that the House
has passed a resolution for printing in Ger-
man for the use of the Treasury Department
ten thousand copies of the report of the chief
of the Bureau of Statistics on immigration,
and ten thousand copies in French.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to "some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill
J (H. R. No. 1541) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Messrs. Oliver J. Dickey of Pennsylvania,
John Coborn of Indiana, and Thomas Swann
of Maryland, managers at the conference on its
part.
executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after four
hours and twenty minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate at five o'clock p. m. took a recess till
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., meeting in executive session.
Five minutes after the meeting, the doors were
opened temporarily for the consideration of
the centennial exhibition bill.
centennial exhibition.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask consent for the
consideration of House bill No. 2708. It is
important that it should be done at once, as
the centennial commission is now in session in
Philadelphia.
There beirij* no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
eider the bill (H. R. No. 2708) relative to the
centennial international exhibition to be held
in the city of Philadelphia, State of Pennsyl-
vania, in the year 187G.
The bill was read.
Mr. POMKROY. If the bill is to be
passed, as I suppose it is, I do not want to
make any objection to it; but I must say that
I do not think it is proper to sot up a corpo-
ration in the city of Philadelphia that is not,
in the first place, subordinated to the police
authority of that city. These men can put
the police at defiance under this act of incor-
poration. I know there is a phrase there that
they shall be subordinated to the laws of the
State of Pennsylvania, or that they shall not
do anything that interferes with the laws of
the State; but these commissioners are set up
in that corporation so that they can defy the
police regulations of the city of Philadelphia
if they choose. They may all be so good that
they will not want todo anything of that kind ;
but I do not believe in incorporating an insti-
tution of this kind with ten millions of capital
to go into any city.
Mr. HAMLIN. It will not happen but once
in a hundred years.
Mr. CAMERON. I have only risen to
repeat what the Senator from Maine has said,
that this will only happen once in a hundred
years. Commissioners are selected from every
State and Territory in the Union. They go
there for the purpose of doing honor to their
country. This is the only way in which the
money can be raised without expense to the
Government. A million people, it is ex-
pected, will each subscribe ten dollars, and
thus $10,000,000 will be subscribed. It is
necessary to have some responsibility for this.
AH they ask of the Government is that the
Treasury Department shall print their certifi-
cates of stock, so that if they are counter-
feited the counterfeiter may be punished.
They ask nothing else of the Government.
There is no doubt they will raise the money.
Besides, the press of the country, who have
had the bill before them for a good while,
have everywhere approved of it, even our
friend with the white hat in the Tribune. I
think in an article a column long in his excel-
lent paper he approved it. I do not think
anybody will object to it. The only reason I
desire it passed now is that the commissioners
are in session at Philadelphia, and they are
anxious about it, and are. telegraphing that if
the bill is passed to-night they will to-morrow
go to work immediately to procure this money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that the
Cincinnati convention adopted this as part of
its platfofm, although the Senator from Penn-
sylvania seems to think that the gentleman
with the white hat has somehow adopted it.
I do not remember that it is in the epitome,
even, of the platform. I do not know what
authority there is for such an act as this. Per-
haps the Senator from Maine, who has looked
into these acts of incorporation somewhat—I
do not mean the Senator sitting near me,
£Mr. Hamlin,] for he seems to see the author-
ity ; but perhaps his colleague farthest from
me [Mr. Mokrill] may know what clause of
the Constitution of the United States it is that
authorizes us to incorporate some gentlemen
in the city of Philadelphia to raise $10,000,000
or to borrow $10,000,000  
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to correct the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not incorporating
certain gentlemen in Philadelphia; it is incor-
porating several hundred gentlemen, including
men of every State and every Territory of the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know, then,
by what authority the Congress of the United
States incorporates gentlemen residing in
every State and Territory of the United States
with authority to borrow $10,000,000, and to
mortgage the property that they shall acquire
in the city of Philadelphia in the way of build-
ings, &c., and, requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue bonds or certificates for
them under the seal of the United States, I
suppose—I do not know whether the seal is
provided for or not—but they are to go on and
put up buildings, and fix rates of charge, and
make what money they can out of it, and
when the great exhibition is over they are to
divide the profits among them, whatever they
may be. I do not know the clause of the
Constitution that authorizes this; but I pre-
sume the authority is to be found in the Dec-
laration of Independence. [Laughter.] I
understand this relates in some way to the 4th
of July; and if my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Scmuer] were here, 1 have no doubt he
would find the constitutional authority for this
in the Declaration of the 4th of July, 177G,
which of course would regulate a celebration
on the 4th of July, 1876.
Now, unless it is to be traced to that source
of constitutional power, I really do not know
where it is to be found. However worthy this
object may be, and however near the heart of
my friend the centennial celebration of the 4th
of July, 187G, is—and I know he is full of
patriotism, and he will be particularly patri-
otic on this occasion because it is for the
city of Philadelphia and the goodly State of
Pennsylvania where he lives ; and I know in
his patriotism he would be willing to go a
great way—but really is there and authority in
the world for creating such a corporation as
this? There is no personal responsibility
about it. It is expressly provided that nobody
is to be personally responsible. They are
authorized to borrow $10,01)0,000, are char-
tered by the Government of the United States
to give them credit; and it is expressly pro-
vided that there shall be no persona,! respons-
ibility whatever. I have no idea that the
people in the good City of Brotherly Love
would make a speculation out of thi3 thing, us
they are honest people there and would doubt-
less deal honestly in this ease ; but where is
our authority to charter these persons who are
to be scattered all over the United States, I am
now told, but the headquarters are to be in
Philadelphia. We all know this will be man-
aged by a few persons. The headquarters
could not be in a better place than Philadel-
phia; I am not objecting to that; but I am
objecting to creating a vast corporation like
this. In the good intentions of the persons who
are promoting this thing, and in the desire of
every Senator and of the whole country to
make this celebration a grand success and
this fair a world's fair that shall eclipse any
that has gone before it, I fear we are likely
to forget our constitutional powers and do
what we have no right to do.
Mr. CAMERON. I said a long while ago
here that I was glad I was no lawyer. After
hearing the speech of the Senator from Illi-
nois I thank God I am not a technical lawyer
now, who always finds difficulties instead of
trying to do right. There is nothing in this
bill that any man of common sense, if he is
not disposed to find objectioa, could object to.
This act of incorporation is only allowing these
people to get subscriptions at ten dollars apiece
or more, if persons think proper to give more
to advance this great enterprise. The whole
object of the corporation is to take care of the
subscriptions made by individuals, and if
there be more money than the lair shall re-
quire, it is to be returned to the subscribers.
I thought that the Senator from Illinois,
who I believe descends from revolutionary
stock, would have been one of the last men to
laugh at the Declaration of Independence, or
to make merry at the desire of the patriotic
men of this country to get together after a
hundred years to show to the world what influ-
ence and what power free institutions had had
upon the human race, to show to the world
the progress made here under our institutions
in carrying out the instincts and the principles
planted by the men who suffered in the Revo-
lution, who gave not only their personal ser-
vices, but their intellectual resources to make
this great country of ours. I think the Senator
from Illinois himself is desirous that we shall
make such an exhibition there as will make
every man and every woman and every child
in the country proud of the display made there,
making everybody feel from that display how
much our institutions deserve the example of
the world.
There is nothing in this bill that can do any
wrong to anybody. You may say we have no
constitutional right to do it. A friend near
me has just put in my hand the Constitution
which contains one clause that we all under-
stand perfectly well, that gives us this power.
It provides that Congress shall have "power to
lay and collect taxes, duties, and excises"—
we do not ask anything under that—"to pay
the debts and provide for ihe common defense
and general welfare of the United States."
All we require is under this last phrase,
"provide for the general welfare of the United
States." This bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives. It met the examination of every
member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions personally, and we desire it passed to-
night only because there are now assembled
in Philadelphia delegates to this commission
from almost every State in the United States
ready to make the necessary preparations.
It is foily for me to attempt to make a
speech about this matter, and 1 regret that I
have even seemed to try to do so. I trust we
shall pass the bill; and if anybody objects to
it, I shall set him down at once as opposed to
a proper display of the country's greatness in
commemoration of the birth of its nationality
and independence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The festival
