178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Whitthorne.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
tain and uphold it. In that connection I had
called the attention of the committee to the
fact that during the period of General Grant's
administration the gross receipts of the Gov-
ernment had been $1,958,000,000, and that
its gross expenditures had been during the
same period'%1,979,000,000.
Now, sir, while these large amounts, these
vast sums are being collected and disbursed,
the collection and disbursement of such large
sums, increase the. temptations to fraud and
corruption, and wit.h it such is the tendency
toward consolidation as to awaken in the mind
of the anxious patriot a grave apprehension
as tq^the future character of his Government.
While it may be true, Mr. Chairman, that
these; large sums represent, in part at least,
the transfer of indebtedness from the debit
to the credit account of the Government, and
from the credit to the debit account, I desire to
call your attention and that of the committee
to a statement of the net receipts and expend-
itures of the Government during the same
period of time. For the fis.cal years ending
on the 30th June, 1869, 1870, and 1871, the
net. receipts into the Treasury of the United
States were .$1,165,523^000, and during the
same time the net expenditures were, in round
numbers, $512,000,000; there being an excess
of receipts of $653,000,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is a party in
this country which claims great credit to itself,
on the ground that they have reduced the
public debt of the United States, during the
period I have mentioned, about two hundred
and twenty-five million dollars. Sir, I am
here to call the attention of the committee
and of the country to the fact that while this
vast balance over the net expenditures of the
Government came into their hands, the re-
duction of the pubjic debt should have been
of a much larger amount than is shown or
claimed by said party. 1 go further, and ven-
ture fa) predict that when the receipts a,fter the
net expenditures of the -Government aire made
manifest, and it is shown what is and ought
to h%ve come into the Treasury of the United
States there will be in the neighborhood of
one thousand million dollars collected in ex-
cess of the expenditures of the Government
by General Grant during the period of his
administration ; and yet you cannot and will
not be aljle to show for and during that
time a reduction of the public debt of more
than $350,000,000. Sir, I charge that that
party who have wrung from the weary,
patient labor of the country in the four
years of his administration nearly one bil-
lion, dollars over the net expenditures of
the Government, should have reduced the
public debt and the public interest account in
a much larger sum than is shown by the
monthly partisan statement laid before the
country. And when 1 say a much larger sum,
I mean fully one hundred per cent, over and
above what they show and claim, as a credit
to this Administration.
But, sir, I come back with a view of calling
the attention of the committee to the net ex-
penditures of the Government, to which 1 have
referred for the purpose of inquiring whether
they have been made with economy or not. I
answer they have not. On the other hand, I
am prepared to make the charge and sustain
it by the comparison of the expenses of the
Government in former periods of its history,
that'there has been gross extravagance and
profligacy in these expenditures, and with a
view of showing that fact I beg your attention
to what the expenses of the Government were
during the war of 1812, during the war with
Mexico, and during the whole oi Mr. Buchan-
an's administration. And with a view of mak-
ing the extravagance of this Administration
palpable and appreciable, I do not take the
general items, but-1 call the attention of the
committee especially to the expenditures dur-
ing the periods to which I refer for and on
account of the War Department and the Navy
Department. In the years 1812, 1813, 1814,
1815, and 1816, the expenses of the Govern-
ment on account of the War Department
amounted to $82,627,000. The expenses of
the Navy Department during those years
amounted to $30,285,000. I pause a moment
to state that during a period of peace under
General Grant for two years the expenses of
the Government for the War Department
amounted to $93,455,000, $11,000,000 in ex-
cess of what the War Department cost the
Government during the period of the war
with Great Britain of 1812, and including two
years in addition thereto. In the Navy De-
partment the expenses during General Grant's
administration for two years amounted to
$41,000,000 compared with $30,000,000 dur-
ing the war of 1812.
Again, sir, during the war with Mexico the
expenses of the War Department amounted to
$88,499,000, being $5,000,000 less than it has
taken to administer the War Department in
time of profound peace under General Grant,
atjd when I speak of the expenses of the War
Department during the war with Mexico, I
speak of four years, including the entire ad-
ministration of President Polk. During the
same period the expenditures of the Navy
Department were $33,550,000, whereas during
a time of peace, under General Grant the
expenditures have amounted to $41,000,000.
In other words, in gross sums the cost of the
War and Navy Department during the five
years, including the war with Great Britain,
amounted to $130,000,000 in round numbers;
during the war with Mexico to $122,000,000;
and during a period of peace in two years
during General Grant's administration they
amounted to $134,000,000.
Now, sir, during the period of Mr. Buchan-
an's administration the total of expenditures
was $328,183,266. The total expenditures
during two years of General Grant's admin-
istration have amounted to $1,127,244,605.
But, sir, in both of these items are included
what is paid upon the public debt and upon
the public interest .account and upon the pen-
sion account. With aview of testing the ques-
tion of extravagance and profligancy I have
separated the items, and Icall the attention of
the committee to the expenses during Mr.
Buchanan's administration on account of the
War Department, on account of the Navy
Department, on account of the Indian Bureau,
and the miscellaneous expenses of the Govern'
ment.
During the whole of Mr. Buchanan's admin-
istration the expenses upon these accounts
were in the aggregate $256,781,000. Now, for
the same items of service during the two years
of General Grant's administration the expend-
itures were $259,321,000. In other words, it
has cost the people for the same items of ser-
vice $2,539,436 more to run their Govern-
ment under the rule of military rings for two
years than it did for four years when they
themselves had control.
Now, when I state this balance it does not
include the vast sums of money referred to by
the Representative from the State of Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] the immense sums of money
derived by the Navy Department from the sale
of material, and by the War Department from
the same source, and which is estimated by
the gentleman from Kentucky to amount to
hundreds of millions of dollars; and when
you add that to the balance I have shown, I
submit to you that your Government is profli-
gate and extravagant in its expenditures.
It should cost no more per capita now to run
the Government than heretofore. Why should
there be now any increase in the expenses of
the Government? Am I to hp told it is be-
cause of the additional cost of living ? Who
added to that cost of living ? From whence
comes it, except from your ruinous, oppres-
sive mode of assessing and collecting your
revenue, and for which the party in power is
responsible? Does it come from the increase
of population? Why, sir, the population of
this country in 1860, in round numbers, was
thirty-one million ; in 1870 it was thirty-eight
million, an increase of about twenty-five per
cent. Yet it is shown by reference to the
figures 1 have submitted, and which are quoted
from the official records of the country, that the
cost of administering your Government has
not merely kept pace with the percentage of
increase of population, but, on the contrary,
has trebled that percentage of increase.
I return to the immediate question before us,
and ask, why is it necessary that you should
keep up and maintain the Army as it is now?
Is there anything in the attitude of your neigh-
bors? Is there anything in the increased hos-
tility or in the numbers of your Indians? For
what purpose is the increase in your Army
kept up and maintained ? Is it to control the
ballot-box? Is it to enforce the provisions of
your bayonet law ? Is it to destroy the liber-
ties of the people ? Sir, look to its present
employment. Go down within the borders of
the State of Texas, and within the borders of
her sister southern States, and then tell me for
what purpose your Army is kept there. Is it
not in violation of the principles upon which
your Government is based? Is it not at war
with the idea that the Government must be
sustained by reason and law, and not by force?
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. How much of this vast sum
did Tennessee ever pay?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Well, sir, when you
come to strike the account, debit and credit,
I think she has paid a little more in pro-
portion to her population than Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania has been getting it on the credit
side, and Tennessee never has.
Mr. DICKEY. To which Government did
Tennessee pay it ?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. To the Government
of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I ask a few moments
to reply to the intimations of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to go on for five minutes longer.
No objection was made; and leave was
granted accordingly.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. It is true that Ten-
nessee did seek to support another govern-
ment. Her people may have been mistaken,
but they thought they had a right, from the
God that made peoples and made govern-
ments, to seek their happiness and their des-
tinies, wherever in their judgment that happi-
ness or the pursuit thereof might lead them.
Sir, I may say for the people of Tennessee
that under whatever sun they may have lived,
or with whatever fortune they may have met,
during all the time they never lost their devo-
tion to the principles by which and under
which this Government was founded. They
believe, as I believe, when they went out in
what you call the path of error, that they were
bearing with them the ark that contained the
covenant of their fathers—the covenant of
constitutional liberty. I am not here now—
neither the time nor the occasion is meet—to
say that they were or were not right. But 1
am ready to say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that when our people arrayed them-
selves against the Government, and when I
