2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
the Senate that the immediate question before
the Senate is the amendment moved by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance what in hisjudg
ment is the opinion of the other branch of
Congress on our power to add the free list to
this bill? Would they be likely to concur in
that?
Mr. SHERMAN". I will say that each House
must judge of its own power in this respect.
I ask the Senator himself, does he doubt the
power ot t.he Senate to add the free list I
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose there is not a
Senator here who would question our power
to add the free list; and if the Senator has no
doubt about it, would he surrender that power
merely because the House of Representatives
would not be satisfied with the exercise of it?
That is the question.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am a practical man,
or try to be. We passed a bill here a few days
since that had come to us from the House 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it his duty to say that to allude to the
House in any way to affect legislation here is
against the rules.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am not using it in that
way.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not hear the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
held that to allude to any action in the House
of Representatives as affecting our legislation
here on any pending bill is out of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to remind the
Chair that the action of the House to which
my friend from West Virginia is alluding was
communicated by the House, and is expressly
in order under our rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not allude to this particular remark, but
to remarks which have been made before, and
what has been frequently said in the Senate
about the action of the House.
Mr. CONK LIN G. I submit with great defer-
ence to the Chair that, the Senator from West
Virginia cannot if lie tries transcend the rule
by referring to what the House did with the
other bill, because the House having sent its
proceedings here, not only is it in order to
refer to what it did in result, but every word
of that debate is the proper subject of com-
ment under our rules; and at another time I
intend for one to insist upon my right to com-
ment on that debate, although not now.
Mr. BOREMAN. I rose for the purpose
of being informed as to what the result ot our
action might be in view of what had taken
place heretofore and which had been commun-
icated from the House to the Senate. It
seemed to me it would be unprofitable to
spend time in adding amendments to this bill
which would be fruitless in their effect. I
said we had heretofore received a bill from
the House and had made some amendments
to that bill by way of a free list and a reduc-
tion of duty on some articles. Those amend-
ments went to the House, and we have had
communicated to us that that was the end of
that bill. My understanding is, that the House
denied our right either to add articles as free
to a tariff bill of theirs, or to reduce the duty
on articles upon which a duty was already im-
posed. Then my question to the chairman of
the committee was to get his view of what
probably might be the result in this case,
whether it would be profitable for us to add
anything to this bill in the way of a free list,
whether it would accomplish anything or not
as a practical question.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, what has become of
the committee's leport on the subject of the
disagreement between the Senate and the
House as to their respective powers touching
bills of this kind?
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand, it has
been submitted and laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. No action has been
taken at all?
Mr. SHERMAN. No action has been taken
by the Senate; and I do not know that any
action is proposed by the Senate. When a
difference of this kind exists between the two
Houses, both Houses asserting their position,
it would be idle for us perhaps even to debate
the question. I think it would rather tend
to create irritation.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I suggest to the
honorable Senator from Ohio, it we pass this
bill and amend it in any essential particular,
will not the same result tollow?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I will say
to the Senator from Kentucky that I think I
know the difficulty between the two Houses
grew out of the fact that we inserted on that
bill an amendment in the nature of a radical
reduction of internal revenue, although that
certainly is not a question of want of power,
because we undoubtedly have the right to pro-
pose a reduction of internal taxes as well as a
repeal of external taxes; yet still that was the
real point. The House considered that we
had taken advantage of a bill affecting only
tea and coffee, to largely change the internal
revenue, a different branch of taxation. They
also took the point that that bill to repeal the
taxes on tea and coffee was extended by the
Senate so as to change and levy taxes on other
articles. Although that was m exact accord-
ance with the position they had taken two
years ago on the income tax bill, they seem
suddenly to have changed their opinion and
taken the ground that a bill to repeal taxes
was not such a bill as enabled us to propose
new taxes, even at reduced rates. So it does
not involve the question now.
Mr. CASSEllLY. 1 understand, the Sen-
ator from Ohio will allow me to suggest to
him, that the Committee oil Privileges and
Elections did recommend a specific course of
action, and that was that the report presented
by the committee should be delivered to the
House. I think it was confined to that.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to make
an inquiry of the Senator from Pennsylvania in
regard to the concluding part of this amend-
ment, which provides for refunding duties that
may have been paid upon tea and cotfee remain -
ing in warehouses on the 1st of July. That
may be equitable and proper; I do not know.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not understand the ex-
act scope or purpose of the Senator's inquiry.
He is aware that under the law as it now exists
importers have the privilege of keeping their
goods in bond during one year. We propose
that this bill shall go into effect on the 1st of
July. It sometimes happens that importers
pay the duties in advance of the time that they
take their goods out of bond, although gener-
ally they pay the duties at the time they take
the goods out of bond. The provision to
I which the Senator refers is intended to put all
tea and coffee in bonded warehouses on the
1st of July upon an equality; that that on
which the duty has not been paid shall be
admitted free, and that upon which the duty
has been paid, still remaiuing in bond, shall
have the duty refunded.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have the right to
pay the duty instead of giving the bond, and
they find it convenient in some cases to do
so. There is very little involved in that pro-
vision.
Mr. SCOTT. It is the form that has always
been adopted in bills of this character.
Mr. VICKERS. A committee of merchants
from the city of Baltimore, who are deeply
interested in this subject, called upon me
yesterday. One of them was the largest im-
porter of coffee m the city. They were all
very anxious that this bill should go into effect
immediately. They said that the agitation of
this subject had cost the dealers $250,000.
My colleague has received letters from some
engaged in the trade desiring that the bill
shall go into effect on the 1st of July ; butthey
are all very anxious that the bill shall pass in
some form or other.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. My impression is
that no more injury can occur by rejecting
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania than by adopting it. The im'porters who
have large stocks of tea and coffee on hand
will have their business checked completely
until the 1st of Juiy if that amendment is
passed, and the question is who will be bene-
fited? The claim is those who have tea and
coffee on hand, and those who are to consume
them 'hereafter. My own impression is that
the moment you put this bill on the statute-
book, and make it a law, and say to the world
that on the 1st day of July tea and coffee shall
be as much less in the market as the duty now
i mposed, from that very mo ment the price of tea
and coffee in the hands of those who now have
them will be depressed by that amount. I am
not very particular m regard to the amend-
ment, but 1 think the least loss would be by
letting the bill go into operation immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Pensylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands, and desires to state, that there may be
no mistake about it, that this vote includes the
whole of the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Several Senators. That is understood.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am op-
posed to the entire repeal of the duties on
tea and coffee, for the reason that I do not
consider it wise to part with what I regard as
a solid source of revenue, and to rely entirely
upon silks, laces, and fancy articles, that may
be in a short time very largely reduced in
point of consumption. If auy crisis should
come on by which our foreign trade should
be curtailed, as most likely it may in the
course of a year or two, we shall sadly miss
the resources of sugar, salt, tea, and coffee.
But regarding the expression of the Senate as
decisive on that matter, I do not propose to
argue that question.
But, sir, as to the jurisdiction of the Senate
over this question, 1 think our Committee on
Privileges and Elections have gone too far in
conceding away the rights and privileges of
the Senate. The Constitution expressly de-
clares that " all bills for raising revenue shall
originate in the House of Representatives ; but
the Senate may propose or concur with amend-
ments as on other bills." Now, the only ques-
tion is whether the House have sent us in any
case a revenue bill. If it is a revenue bill,
the question as to degree as to what amend-
ments may be proposed is for our own discretion,
no matter whether the bill is for increasing or
reducing revenue. I concede that the House
has the power exclusively of originating such
bills ; but when we get such a bill as that we
can propose any amendment as to laising or
reducing the revenue, and to any extent. _ We
can go through the whole catalogue of articles
that are enumerated in the tariff and impose
one duty or different duties upon all. It is
entirely a subject for our discretion. I con-
cede also that we have not the right to intro-
duce a bill repealing duties, for that is a reve-
nue bill ; but the right of amendment to any
bill is a question left entirely to our discretion,
it only resting upon the point whether it is or
is not a revenue bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to call his attention to the precise words
of the Constitution ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have them
here.
Mr. CARPENTER. It does not say " rev;
enue bills," but "hills for raising revenue.
Now, is a bill which abolishes all revenue a
bill for raising revenue?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
