1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3815
contemplated by this bill does not seem to me
to be an unreasonable or illogical sequence to
the Declaration of Independence; but at the
same time I must say that I do not think that
the fratners of the Constitution contemplated
exactly this kind of corporation. I think it
would puzzle almost any lawyer in the Senate
to point out precisely the specific grant af
power under which this bill might be drawn.
I know how reluctant every one must be to
object to any measure which has in view an
object so laudable as this; and I was very
willing not to be present and not to notice
that such a bill was brought to the attention
of the Senate. I should not have noticed it
if my attention had not been called to the fact.
I take the occasion to say that it is a pity that
a great people about to celebrate an event like
this cannot do it in a manly, open way, with-
out resenting to such a subterfuge,I might almost
feel justified in saying, as creating such a cor-
poration as this, involving powers so exten-
sive. I have no doubt there is ample power
to d,o just what is wanted in a direct way. We
may levy taxes and we can appropriate the
money.
Where the necessity of this circumlocution?
If this nation intends to celebrate this great
day, as I hope and trust it will, and in a man-
ner becoming, why not say so, and why not
take the direction of it? Why not appoint a
committee of Congress to make the necessary
preparations, either independent of the States
or in conjunction with any of the States that
choose to move in that matter? That would
involve no questionable authority, and it is a
direct method of doing it, and then you have
steered clear of all the speculations and impli-
cations and everything that may come out of
tlie creation of a mammoth corporation of this
description to operate in the way this neces-
sarily will.
If I had not been called on I would not have
said this much, but having said enough to
indicate my own notions as to the propriety
of this thing, I conclude by saying that it would
seem to uie vastly more proper that Congress
should take the direction of the thing itself,
not commit it to anybody, and make the
appropriations necessary I'or its success.
Mr. SCO LT. I suppose the Senator from
Illinois really desired more to occupy a few
moments until ike Senate would assemble than
to make any serious objection to the passage
of this bill. When the subject was first intro-
duced in Congress it was feared that an ap-
propriation would be asked. Everybody in
both Houses was so sensitive on that question
that an express disavowal of all responsibility
on the part of the Government had to be
incorporated in the act.
Mr. M Oil HILL, of Maine. Is that so?
Mr. SCOTT. That is so. Now, in order
to make this national enterprise successful,
some means must be adopted to carry out the
end which the Government has already sanc-
tioned by an act of Congress. When it was
suggested that an act of incorporation by the
State Legislature would accomplish it, the
objection was at once raised in various quar-
ters that that would localize it, and that the
charge would be made that it was a local spec-
ulation. It was therefore deemed better that
it should come to Congress, and that Congress
having already giyeu its sanction to it as a
national enterprise could certainly exercise
the necessary means to make that enterprise
successful.
My colleague has already made all the con-
stitutional argument that I propose to make
on the question. But I do ask now for action,
as the commission is sitting, and as it is very
desirable the act of incorporation should pass,
that the necessary meaus may be taken to
carry it out. I do not think there is ever any
danger of this being drawn in as a precedent
that will startle the Senator from Illinois
upon any other occasion, for it will not again
be called for, as the Senator from Maine
remarked, for one hundred years, and then it
will not disturb the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. But it is a
precedent for chartering a corporation, and
may be drawn into a precedent for any kind
of corporation in any State ; and all evil pre-
cedents take their origin in something that is
good.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent are we not in executive session?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The doors are
considered open by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Does it
not require unanimous consent to keep them
open?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order was
that the doors be considered open to consider
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let us close the
doors and go on with our business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
made, the Chair thinks the objection would
cause the doors to be closed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think
we ought to go on with our executive business.
This bill will probably undergo some further
discussion. We came here to-night for other
purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objects, and the bill must
therefore resume its place on the Calendar.
Before the doors are closed the Chair would
like, with the indulgence of the Senate, to
have several matters on his table disposed of.
[" Agreed!"]
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the itouse had passed a concurrent reso-
lution for the printing of twenty-two thousand
copies of the message of the President to the
Senate of April '22, 1872, transmitting the
British counter case under the treaty of Wash-
ington.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of twenty-two thousand copies of
the British counter case under the treaty of
Washington.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a concurrent resolution of the House
for the printing of twenty thousand copies of
the reporf of the chief of the Bureau of Sta-
tistics on immigration in the French and Ger-
man languages for the use of the Treasury
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Piinting.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting, in compliance with
section two of the act approved July 11,1870,
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment, for the year ending June 30, 1871,
and for other purposes,"' a copy of the report
of De B. R. Kleim, agent to examine consular
affairs ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be piinted.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 1343) supple-
mental to an act entitled " An act for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the
ninth census," disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
ResoUed, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill, and agree to the conference
asked by the House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, 'l'hat the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Edmukds, Mr. Moitiox, and Mr. Tiiukmax.
AKMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1541) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1873, disagreed to by
the House.
On motion by Mr. WEST, it was
Boohed, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the confereuce asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho
Senate bo appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
West, Mr. Logan, and Mr. Blair.
TAX AND TAKIFJ BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 52322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, r,nd for
other purposes, to report it back with amend-
ments, and I give notice that to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, if it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, I will move to take it up.
H0B3E BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
The bill (H. R. No. 930) to promote the
securing of efficient seamen for the Navy of
the United States;
The bill (H. R. No. 2050) for the relief of
J. H. Underhill;
The bill (H. R. No. 2870) to authorize the
President to appoint Frederick E. Upton, of
Bath, Maine, a master in the Navy of the
United States;
The bill (H. R. No. 2873) authorizing the
President to permit Frank M. Ashton, late
second assistant engineer in the Navy of the
United States, to withdraw his resignation of
that office;
The bill (H. R. No. 2874) to restore Abso-
lom Kirby as second assistant engineer in the
Navy;
The bill (H. R. No. 2875) to prevent the
employment of officers on the retired list;
The bill (H. R. No. 2317) authorizing the
President to appoint C. W. Cronk a first assist-
ant engineer in the Navy of the United
States;
The bill (H. R. No. 232G) for the relief of
Mrs. R. A. Kennedy;
The bill (H. R. No. 2309) for the relief of
Martin Freeman;
The bill (II. R. No. 2871) to abolish the
grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy of the United States; and
The bill (H. R. No. 2870) for the relief of
John C. Beaumont.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated
below;
The bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
issuance of college scrip to the State of Ark-
ansas—to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 902) making an appropri-
ation forthe repairs, furnishing, and ornament-
ation of the United States custom-house and
post office at Bath, Maine—to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 1833) to increase the
capital stock and to extend the works of the
Washington Gas-Light Company—to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The bill (H. li. No. 2878) to pay the county
of Ontario, in the State of New York, the sum
of $25,500—to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2879) granting a pension
to Eliza B. Anderson—to the Committee on
Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 2880) for a public build-
ing at Atlanta, Georgia—to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2866) further regulating
the construction of bridges across the Missis-
sippi river—to the Committee on Commerce.
