180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection to American Industry—Mr. Hill.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
censored him for allowiBg his young men to kill a
white mfm's oy: "Your people make a big talk,
and sometimes make war, if ail Indian kills a white
man's ox to keep his wife and children from starv-
ing; What do you think my people ought to aay and
do when they themselves see their cattle killed by
your Tace when they are not hungry V'
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
e. w. wynkoop.
Hbnbt Bkrgh, esq.
The statement of Mr. Wy nkoop amply refutes
the assertion often heard on the plains, that
the extermination of the buffalo will quiet the
Indians. I believe with him that it will serve
to make them more restless and dissatisfied,
and compel the Government to a large addi-
tional outlay for supplies of food ; and for this
reason, if for no other, that many white set-
tlors live upon the buffalo meat, it should be
prohibited by legal enactment by Congress.
The enforcement of the law proposed may be,
probably will be, difficult, but it will have some
restraining effect, and be a step in the right
direction. General Hazen, Colonel Brackett,
and Mr. Bergh, have written me letters sug-
festing amendments, to most of which I could
ave no objection, but I understand the com-
mittee deem it best to try the bill as it is and
amend it hereafter, if necessary. General
Hazen says:
" X know of a man who killed with his own hand
ninety-nine buffaloes in one-day, nottaking a pound
of the meat. The buffalo for food has an intrinsic
value, about equal to an average Texas beef, or >:iy
twenty dollars. There are probably not less than a
million of these animals on the western plains. If
the Government owned a herd of a million oxen they
would at least take steps to prevent this wanton
slaughter. The railroads have made the buffalo so
accessible as to present a case not dissimilar."
I will only add, as a matter of novelty and
interest, worthy of consideration in this con-
nection, that some experiments have lately
been made in crossing the buffalo with domes-
tie cattle, and I am told the result is highly
satisfactory, a breed of animals being pro-
duced which possesses many of the valuable
properties of both breeds. A writer in a
recent issue of the San Francisco Post asserts
as follows:
"The animals are large and strong, the chief objec-
tion to them being that no ordinary fence stops
them for a moment, and that they love the water so
much that they will swim and sport in it even when
it is full of floating ice. These personal peculiarities
are drawbacks to the introduction of buffalo blood
into the veins of family pets; but, on the other
hand, when properly cared for, these animals make
most delicious beef, and their hides, when soft
tanned, are as much superior to the buffalo robe of
commerce as wool is to shoddy. The writer saw the
pelt of the cow mentioned above. It was much
larger than any buffalo robe which he ever saw
before, was covered with a mat of soft, curly brown
hair; there being-none oi the long, shaggy hair
ordinarily seen."
Protection to American Industry.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN HILL,
op new jersey,
Iif the House of Representatives,
April 6, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. HILL said :
Mr. Speaker: I ask the indulgence of the
House while I submit my views in the in-
terest of protection to American industry.
So much has been said on this subject, I
shall not enter into any general discussion,
but merely present some facts bearing more
particularly on the labor interest which is
more deeply involved than capital in this
question of protection. I represent a district
closely identified and deeply interested in this
great question, the agitation of which is caus-
ing no little uneasiness among my constituents.
Indeed, the whole State of New Jersey is in-
terested in this matter. Capitalists by their
enterprise have built up large industries. Iron,
locomotives, silk, cotton, woolen, paper,glass,
earthenware and other goods are manufactured
within our borders and furnished to the mar-
kets of the country, giving constant employ-
ment to the working classes, causing pros-
perity, happiness, and contentment among the
people, aud giving a ready market to the till-
ers of the soil, who find quick sales at fair
prices for their products, exemplifying the fact
that no market for the farmer is so good as the
home market created by active and steady
work in our factories.
No better proof of the prosperity of the State
of New Jersey cau be shown than the fact she
has paid into the national Treasury over fifty
million dollars in the nine years during which
internal taxes have been imposed; and this
prosperity is in a great degree due to the pres-
ent protective policy of the Government. Much
has been said pro and con m regard to the
tariff and taxes, or, in other words, the sys-
tem of imposing such duties as will afford pro-
tection to the industries ef the country. It
has been said protection is simply defense,
nothing more, nothing less, and nothing else.
It means needed defense of all industrial en-
terprises, in the success of which the country
has a common interest; it is intended to estab-
lish industries and to make work plentiful
throughout the country.
Many suggestions have been made, but as
yet no definite plan has been submitted to meet
the great questions of tariff duties, and how to
reduce taxation. Some advocate the reduciion
of duties on imported goods; some by repeal-
ing internal taxes. The House very properly
voted to admit tea and coffee free of duty,
which is right and proper. These articles are
generally used by thepeople, andare not grown
in this country, and therefore do not cotne in
competition with any of our own productions.
By wise discrimination the tariff can be so
adjusted as to admit free of duty all articles
that do not come in competition with our in-
dustries, and to place duties on goods manufac-
tured in foreign countries that shall prevent
them from driving our own out of the market,
and throwing our working classes out of em-
ploy.
Senator Sherman, in his remarks in the
Senate a few days ago, stated that we could
reduce $50,000,000 of taxes this session. The
duties on tea and coffee will amount to about
seventeen million dollars; hence this amount
must come out of the fifty millions, leaving
$33,000,000 of taxes to be reduced elsewhere.
Now, I think it wise and proper that this reduc-
tion should be made by the repeal of the odious
income tax; the tax on saving banks, which
comes mostly from the poor and those in mod-
erate circumstances; and stamp taxes, espe-
cially the stamp on "matches," whichamounts
to $2,500,000, and which comes mostly out of
the laboring classes. The repeal of these inter-
nal taxes would reduce the revenue about thirty
million dollars, and while abolishing most of
the internal revenue taxes, dismissing the host
of tax-gatherers, and thereby save several mil-
lion dollars more. I am sure, Mr. Speaker, the
people would applaud this course of legislation,
and say "Welldone, faithful servants." These
reductions made, I can see no need of re-
ducing the duties on any class of goods manu-
factured abr ad and imported to this country
to compete with American manufacturers and
American laborers.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that it is our duty to
foster the industry, develop the resources, and
increase the wealth and power of the coun-
try, and we can do it in no way so well as by
protecting every industry in our land that has
to compete with foreign labor. The large
amount of capital invested, and-the many thou-
sands of workmen employed in the various
manufacturing establishments call on us to
look well after these matters. I find from the
census returns of 1870P that in the district I
have the honor to represent, there are nine
hundred and twelve manufacturing establish-
ments, large and small, with over twelve mil-
lion dollars of capital invested, and over five
million dollars of wages paid per annum, and
employing many thousands of hands. This
does not include a large number of manufac-
turing establishments in the country towns of
Essex county, belonging to my district, but
included in the report of Essex county. In
this county there are twelve hundred and three
manufacturing establishments, large and small,
with capital invested amounting to over twenty-
two million dollars, and paying $11,500,000
per annum for wages to the thousands em-
ployed. The proportions of these amounts of
capital and wages paid in the country towns of
Essex county, will swell the amount of capital
invested and wages paid in my district several
millions more.
These factories embrace silk, cotton, wool,
paper, iron, locomotives, and various other
industries, and nearly all under the present
tariff' are in a prosperous condition; but re-
cuce existing duties on imported goods that
come in competition with our own, and many of
these industries will be crippled and some of
them entirely closed up, thousands of workmen
be thrown out of employment, and disorderand
general discontent prevail.. If our tariff laws
could only remain unchanged for a length of
time, so that those who have capital at their
disposal would have confidence to invest it in
manufacturing, more capital would be invested
and prices of goods would be regulated by
home competition, and monopolies or excess-
ive prices, so much feared by some of those
who favor free trade, be prevented. Our true
policy is to encourage the manufacturing in-
terests of the country, to build up, and not
tear, down and destroy, as the foreign free-
traders desire to do. It is stated that—
" We imported into this country in the last fiscal
year §483 000,000 of dutiable commodities, of which
at least $300,000,000, perhaps more, couid have been*
manufactured or produced here. If the tariff had
been, as the free-traders propose, a twenty-five per
cent, tariff, then, by importing instead of producing
them, we would have lost to the nation $225,000,000,
which might have been kept at home to be given as
wages to our own artisans, and which would have
added to their comfort and happiness, as well as to
the capital and general welfare of the country, and
is consequently a loss of wealth and productive
power, if we had reserved the home market for
only §200,000,000 of those imports, we would have
saved $150,000,000to thepeople, and still have lett
enough dutiable importations from which to derive
revenue for the expenses of the Government."
It is a well-known fact that the great differ-
ence in the prices of most all manufactured
goods made in this country and abroad is
made up of the wages paid. I believe that
the laborer and artisan should be well paid, and
I hold that the great prosperity of our country
at present is in a great degree due to the fact
that our working classes are well paid,
cared for, and respected. The prosperity of
our workingmen is identical witli the prosper-
ity of our country, and we should seek to pro-
mote their interests by healthy legislation,
which will put them on a basis that they can-
not be broken down or driven out by foreign
competition based on low wages and poor
living. I have seen some very striking facts
in regard to wages and manner of living of
the working classes in foreign countries,
which come from such a high source that they
cannot be questioned. Senator Morrili,, of
Vermont, in a speech delivered in the Senate
a few days ago, made the following statement:
" I have recently, by the courtesy of the State De-
partment, had placed in my hands a report presented
to the .British Parliament of the diplomatic and con-
sular agents abroad ' respecting the condition of the
industrial classes and the purchnse-power of money
in foreign countries,' and if this document couid bo
f laced in the hands of every workingman in America
think it would be productive of infinite service,
and its circulation cause all of us to be devoutly
thankful that we can claim the United States as our
