2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
if high duties produce low prices, or if duties
tend at all to produce low prices ?
Something is said about the price of steel
rails at this time. They are higher than they
were a year ago; much higher than they were
two years ago. If I understood my friend
from Maryland, he attributed that, in part, to
the law which was passed two years ago. I
must say in all fairness that that does not ac-
count for the increase in the price. That does
not account for it, because that law certainly
was understood as being a reduction upon the
duty on steel rails, a very slight one it is true,
but I remember that in the discussion—in
which I took some little part' as much as I
could under a five-minute rule which we then
had—it seemed to be conceded on all hands
that that law made some reduction in the duty
on sieel rails; and yet steel rails have gone
up, but not steel rails alone; iron has gone
up ; and they have gone up not only here, but
they have gone up abroad. The extraordinary
demand for rails owing to the great amount,
the unforeseen amount, of railroads that are
being built, has put up the price of not only
steel rails, but of iron rails and pig iron, too.
That very fact of itself authorizes us to lower
the duty. We can lower the duty and still
leave an ample profit to those who are engaged
in the manufacture of these rails.
Now, sir, this matter of duties on steel rails
is not confined to the iron manufacturer. It
affects not only the men who are engaged in
building railroads, but it affects every man
who has to travel over a railroad, or who
has any produce to send over a railroad.
Just in proportion as you can build roads
cheaply, just so can they transport passen-
gers and freight cheaply, and just in propor-
tion as you increase the cost of building and
maintaining them, just in' the same propor-
tion do you increase the cost of transporta
tion, whether of persons or freight, and
thereby tax the community. Every man who
raises a bushel of corn that is sent over a
railroad to market is interested in enabling
the companies to build their roads cheaply
and well; to build good roads that will do
the^ business of the country, and that can be
maintained. livery man who travels has a
like interest. Every man who buys merchan-
dise that must come over a railroad has that
interest. It is not, therefore, benefiting sim-
ply railroad companies when you lower the
duties and enable them to get their rails
cheaper, but it is benefiting the entire com-
munity. Thereis scarcely a man or a woman
or a child in the country that, is not benefited
by the reduction. I hope that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland will pre-
vail.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator's general
position is that by reducing the tariff we re-
duce the price of the article. I ask him if
that does not depend on the fact that it substi-
tutes the foreign article for the domestic?
Mr. THURMAN. I w;ll answer when the
Senator is through.
Mr. MORTON. I only ask that question.
I ask if the Senator's argument proceeds on
the basis that by lowering the tariff you sub-
stitutethe foreign article for the domestic,
either ill whole or in part?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer the Sen-
ator when ho gets through. Does the Senator
wish to retain the floor for a speech?
Mr. MORTON. No,
Mr.THURMAN. Undoubtedly, by reducing
the duty the foreign article can be sold cheaper,
and if the domestic manufacturer will not in
like manner r^duc^the price of his article, of
course he will not have a market for it. That
is all very true; but it" does not rnin him, for
he can reduce his price, because the duty
which you are compelled to put upon import-
ations is   sufficient protection. I say that
the duty that you are compelled to put upon
them in order to raise the necessary revenue
is sufficient protection. -I have no idea that
the people of this country wish us to resort, to
direct taxation to support the Federal Govern-
ment. I believe that they will, as they have
heretofore done, prefer that the great mass
of our revenue shall be raised by customs
duties. When you do raise them in that
way, with the interest upon the public debt
and the pension list added to the ordinary
expenses of the Government, you have an
ample protection for everybody. That it is;
but in point of fact the testing of this ques-
tion by prices is one of the most fallacious
tests in the world. The history of this coun-
try shows this. I have not here with me,
(because I did not expect to be even in the
Senate this afternoon, much less to speak,)
the statistics by which'I can prove my asser-
tion ; but this is the history of tariffs in this
country: when an increase of tariff is pro-
posed, an increase of duty on any given article
which is imported to this country, the first
effect is that the importers, in anticipation of
the increase, having notice of it, increase their
importations beyond what is absolutely neces-
sary for that year, and thus there is a surplus
brought into the country. They do this in
order to avoid paying the proposed higher
duty.
The effect of that is that for the first year
or two after the increase in the duty takes
place there is a decrease of importations, but
the moment that surplus is worked off, then
the importations begin to come in as before,
although the duty is higher, and in the course
of a few years the importations grow to as
much as they were before you increased the
duty; and the whole effect of the higher duty
is not to protect the domestic manufacturer
by prohibiting or decreasing importations, but
simply to raise the price of the article upon
the whole community, and then it is that the
domestic manufacturer comes to you and says,
'"This duty will not do; you must increase
it still more; " and so it has been from 1816
to this day—application after application to
increase the duty previously laid, never to
decrease it.
That is the manufacturer's, cry all the time ;
and at each stage of this process, when the
increase is foreseen, the importer again floods
the country with a surplus of imports which,
for a year or two, decrease importation, and
then being expended, being worked off, the
increase of importation begins again and re-
gains its old and former amount,- and the whole
effect of it is not to prevent importation, not
to prevent the competition of foreign labor with
domestic labor; no such thing as that at all;
it does not do it, and you cannot do that short
of prohibition. The whole effect of it is simply
to raise the price of the article upon the com-
munity.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to correct my honorable friend from Ohio in
regard to the duty on Bessemer steel rails
prior to the act of 1870. The act of 1870
imposed a specific duty upon steel rails of
one and a quarter cent per pound. Before
that period of time they came under the gen- I
eral clause of thirty per cent. " upon all I
other articles manufactured from steel." j
There was no specific duty upon steel rails i
before the act of 1870, but the duty was thirty |
percent, ad valorem then. I remember the i
contest very well the night it was passed at one
and a quarter cent. I was opposed to it.
The duty was then thirty per cent., and I knew
it would be raised to fifty by the imposition of
a cent and a quarter a pound, and I was hos-
tile to the measure. The duty was thirty per
cent, then ; it is fifty-one per cent. now.
Mr. PHURMAN. Then I was mistaken in
the effoct of that act.
Mr. MORTON. 1 asked the Senator from
Ohio the question whether he did not expect
to reduce prices by reducing the tariff by the
substitution of a cheap foreign article for fho
domestic article. He says that such reduction
would not necessarily destroy the home pro-
ducer because the tariff necessary for revenue
is a sufficient protection. Now, 1 ask the Sen-
ator if in making that statement he has not
unconsciously admitted the whole principle
of protection? Does he not admit that by
taking the tariff olf altogether you destroy the
home producer, but that he is not destroyed
because the revenue tariff is sufficient for his
protection ? I agree with him a revenue tariff
is sufficient for all the protection that is re-
quired for the producers in this' country.
There we agree. I contend, however, that a
revenue tariff may be so adjusted as to furnish
discrimination in tavorof our own labor instead
of foreign labor. The Senator practically
admitted that a revenue tariff is necessary, not
only for protection, but to prevent the destruc-
tion of our own producers. Is he not really
conceding the further point that in adjusting
a revenue tariff we may so place it as to dis-
criminate in favor of American as against
foreign labor? If he does, there is no differ-
ence between us except in regard to details.
One word further, Mr. President. The Sen-
ator says the cry is constantly for increased
duties instead of lowering the duties as the man
ufactorics are consolidated and established.
In point of fact the Senator is mistaken. Du-
ties have been decreased, with perhaps here
and there an exception, as in the case of Bes-
semer steel for particular reasons. The gen-
eral rule is the reduction of duties ; and I call
the Senator's attention to the fact that since
he has been a member of this body, less than
two years ago, the average rate of duties was
reduced more than twelve per cent., twenty-
three millions on the whole amount, in 1870.
The reduction was not made upon all articles
equally. A reduction was made upon some ;
others were put upon the free list; but there
was a reduction of $23,000,000.
The Senator argues that by increasing the
duties, you thereby increase the price. Asa
mere matter of logic as it is chopped in the
schools, or as employed by metaphysicians, that
might be the result, and many works of polit-
ical economy are written upon that theory;
but as I had occasion to remark the other day
the facts in regard to the tariff constantly
overwhelm all theories. As a mere matter ■
of history in regard to the tariff, it has gener-
ally happened—not always, but generally—that
when duties have been placed upon foreign
imports, the effect has been to increase the
price of the article here. You may explain
that as you will; that is the general result It
may be contrary to logic; perhaps it ought
not to be so; but that is the stubborn, ugly
fact; ugly if you choose to call it so.
The argument in favor of free trade is gen-
erally made by taking a single article and going
upon the theory that as you take down the
duty you take down the price, which is con-
tradicted by history; but that is the general
argument. And so free-traders go on to show
how much cheaper a railroad can be built if
you buy all your rails abroad and substitute
the foreign for the domestic article; but the
argument is made upon the hypothesis that
the price of everything else remains what it
is now. You take the duty off a single arti-
cle; you bring the price down upon that theo-
retically ; you show the great advantage of
that reduction, but that argument of advan-
tage proceeds upon the supposition that the
price of everything else remains what it is now.
But, sir, suppose you make a general and
sweeping reduction and bring down the price
of everything; that presents a fair considera-
tion of the question, not by arguing upon the
reduction of the duty upon a single article,
but the continuation of it upon everything else.
But suppose the reduction be made upon every-
thing, the price of everything brought down,
the price of labor along with the rest; the price
of agricultural products along with the rest;
