2920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Snails ;
Snakeroot;
Soda-ash:
Soap-stocks and soap-stuffs;
Sparterre, for making or ornamenting hats and
bonnets;
Sponges;
Spunk ;
Stavesacre, crude
Saint John's beans;
Storax, or styrax ;
Strontia, oxide of, or protoxid of strontium;
Succinic acid; •
Sugar of milk;
Talc;
Tamarinds, crude;
Tar, Barbadoes;
Tar and pitch, (from the pine;)
Teasels:
Terra-alba, aluminous;
Tica, crude;
Tin, in pigs, bars, or blocks, and grain tin;
Tonquin, Tonqua, or Tonka beans;
Tripoli;
Turkish red salt;
Tyrian dye;
Umbrella sticks, crude, to wit, all partridge, hair-
wood, pimento, orange, myrtle, and other sticks and
canes, in the rough, or no farther manufactured than
cut into lengths suitable for umbrella, parasol, or
sun-shade sticks or walking-canes;
Uranium, oxide of;
Vanilla beans or vanilla plants;
Venice turpentine;
Venison, venison hams and {fame, and game meats
(raw or salted) of all kinds;
Wafers;
Wax, bay or myrtle, shoemakers', Brazilian, and
Chinese;
Willow or ozier, crude or prepared, for basket-
makers' use;
Yams;
Yenst-cakes;
Zaffer;
Zino, old, and fit only for remanufacture.
Sec. —. That all imported goods, wares, and mer-
chandise which may be in the public stores or
bonded warehouses on the day and year this act
shall take effect shall be subjected to no other duty
upon tho entry thereof for consumption than if the
same were imported respectively after that day;
and all goods, wares, and merchandise remaining in
bonded warehouses on tho day aiul year this uothhall
take effect, and upon which tho duties shall have
been paid, shall be entitled to a refund of tho differ-
ence between tho amount, of duties paid and the
amount of duties said goods, wares, and merchandise
would be subject to if tho same were imported
respectively aftor that day.
The reading having proceeded for some time,
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will ask the Senator if
there is any change in those sections from the
sections as they passed tiie Senate before?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not any.
They are precisely as they passed the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. The amendment only in-
cludes eo much of the Senate bill as provided
for the free list ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is all.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I shall not ask for
its reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
_ Mr. HAMLIN. Well, it is a fine compo-
sition, and I rather think we had better have
it read. [Laughter.]
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called for the reading
of that amendment because I was not ceitain
•what it was. I have before me the bill in
print as reported, and if some Senator who is
familiar with it will state how this amendment
differs from section four as it was in the bill
reported by the Committee on Finance, I
would not care to have the amendment read,
but I believe it differs somewhat.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not differ in the
slightest degree with the bill as it passed the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; but we have not
that bill._ We have the bill as the Senator
reported it. Can the Senator state how this
amendment differs from that?
Mr. S-HERMAN. I cannot; but my im-
pression is that there is nothing important that
I can recall. -The Senator from Vermont can
state probably better than 1 can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If any Senator can
state how this differs from the bill as reported
•by the Committee on Finance, I do not care
to have it read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
remember precisely, but there were some three
or four articles changed, that were either put
in or out. I do not now remember what arti-
cles they were, but they were unimportant.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the bill was
printed in the House as it passed the Senate.
If we could get a copy of that print, it would
have the amendment exactly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I sent for that copy,
but I have not been able to get it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am quite sure there is
nothing in the amendment except what was
understood and examined distinctly before in
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have sent for the bill;
but I cannot get a copy of the bill as it passed
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bill was
printed on the 28th of March, after the House
r6C6ivsd it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have sent to the doc-
ument-room, and they continue to send me the
bill as it was reported here by the Committee
on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire the reading of the amend-
ment to proceed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I will not per-
sist in the reading. I could understand it by
comparing it with my copy as the Clerk read
it; but Senators seem to think that there is
nothing that any Senator can object to in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twenty-three.
Mr. SCOTT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not desire to debate this
amendment at any length, but I think it is
apparent to all those who desire that this sub-
ject should be speedily disposed of, that send-
ing a free list containing this number of arti-
cles to the House of Representatives for their
consideration will interpose such delay as to
defeat the very purpose we have in view in
passing the bill. A free list covering several
printed pages must necessarily give rise to
long controversy in the House. The bill, with
the single amendment which we have put upon
it, can be disposed of I think in a day, or at
least in a few days ; and I trust that those who
desire to extend this measure of relief now to
the business community will not run the risk
of longer delay and further injury to that busi-
ness interest by adding this free list to the bill.
I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. According
to the Senator's idea, we may as well allow the
House of Representatives to legislate alone,
and not give any consideration to anything
except what they may do. Now, I understand
that the House are not opposed to this free list
at all, that it is conceded even by the members
of their committee to be a better list than the
one they have prepared themselves, and so far
as I know it is entirely acceptable to all parties
in the House as much as it is here.
Mr. HO WE. I desire to say that I shall vote
against this amendment, not because I should
not vote for it if it was placed before us in any
other connection, but as we seem to be pretty
near settling one proposition, I should like to
stick right to that until we get it settled one
way or the other. I will agree to take this up
at any other time, and vote for it.
Mr. VICKERS. I am in favor of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont, but I shall vote against it on the ground
that it retards the action of the House upon
this bill. It is very important that the duty
on tea and coffee should be abolished. The
whole country is interested in that. But if
the bill goes back to the House with this
amendment upon it, it will probably defer the
action of the House until a late period. I
shall therefore vote, contrary to my own in-
clinations, against this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I felt quite sure that I
should not have another word to add upon the
tea and coffee bill, nor should I but for an
entire misapprehension or inattention which
prevails with some members of the Senate.
If we see no reason for acting upon the sub-
ject of tea and coffee, if taking a retrospect
of the last year and a half we find no cogent
reason for settling that question now, this
amendment is a very appropriate one. I am
for it upon any bill where it will answer the
purpose with which it is ostensibly offered,
that is, to secure freedom from import duties
to the articles mentioned in it. I am not for
it here, because the effect undoubtedly will be
to bury the whole bill in the House of Repre-
sentatives for a long time, or it may be for-
ever. Is there any doubt of that?
I heard some Senator say a few moments
ago—I think my friend from Ohio—"Are we
ready to surrender to the House our right to
do so and so?" No; I presume we are not
ready to surrender. That is an act which is
always rather irksome to me, and I should
certainly be very sorry to surrender when I
thought I was right, as I think we are right
in the position in controversy between us and
the other House. But what has that to do
with this? We spent a week or two, more or
less, and we perfected a bill which I think
was a good bill, although it contained some
things which I was very sorry to have go into
it, and we sent it to the House of Representa-
tives, and it was stranded on a motion of priv-
ilege and prerogative. So will this bill be if
you put on the free list. The honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont may reason with the rea-
son of Bolingbroke and the rhetoric of Burke;
he may make it so transparent that a 'child
may see he is right; still it will be stranded
in the House; and when I say that I do not
speak as a matter of guess, because during
the latter days of last week I took a great deal
of pains to inform myself on this point. It
would not be proper to detail here conversa-
tions had with members of the House or
others; but I repeat (and if Senators have
any doubt of it they can readily satisfy them-
selves on the point) that to put the free list
on the bill will wreck it in the House.
But, Mr. President, suppose it should not;
does anybody think that the House will take
up the bill with the free list added, as they
will take it up with nothing added but the for-
mal amendment of my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, and pass it at once? Not at all. On
the contrary, it will probably go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, if it be not laid on the
table, and will at once become intermingled
and interwoven with the whole tariff discus-
sion of the House. Then what have we done?
We have taken up a bill under pretense or
promise of doing an act of justice to the two
hundred thousand men engaged in the tea and
coffee trade, and have put a fetter on the bill
which we know is to prevent its going through
the other House in season to do them any
good. Why, sir, I would not suppose that any
Senator means to " palter in a double sense"
with these men; but there are only two alter-
natives here: we must either make an end of
this question, or refuse to do it. If we do not
mean to do it, I infinitely prefer to say so here
rather than to ensnarl the bill with an amend-
ment which is to trip it up in the other House,
either on the general question of privilege, or
upon questions of detail relating to the tariff
and the Tree list.
Having risen to say this, Mr. President, I
am moved to say a single word in answer to
the honorable Senator from Ohio. He ex-
pressed himself by way of criticism in regard
to complaints which had been made by those
engaged in the tea and coffee trade. If his
observations apply to anybody they apply
largely to my own constituents, to men not
classified with either political party but be-
longing to both, and largely engaged in trade
in these two commodities. I should not be
frank if I did not say to the Senator that I
