3816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
district jail.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1552) " in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of Colum-
bia," having met. after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of theSenate, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
panto with an amendment, as follows: on page 2
of said amendment, line one, after the word " hun-
dred," insert the words " and twenty-fiveand the
Senate agree to the same.
CIIAKLES SUMNER,
GEORUE VIOKKRS,
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
LUKE P. POLAND.
H. II. STARKWEATHER,
C. A. ELDRKDUK,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order being demanded, the doors will be
closed.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration ot' executive business. After three
hours and forty minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and (at eleven
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOCTSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 24, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when,
On motion of Mr. FINKELNBURG, the
further reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
texas election case.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and offer the following resolutions :
Hetolved, That Wilt.iam S. Herndon is entitled
to retain the seat he now holds as member from the
first congressional district of Texas.
J£esolve<l, That there be allowed and paid to
George W. Wlntmore, from tile contingent iund of
the House, the sum of  2,000, the same being ex-
penses incurred by him in contesting in good faith
tho right to a seat in this House.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that this is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. On what part of the resolu-
tion does the gentleman raise the point ?
Mr. BANKS. The resolution includes
matter which is not privileged, and therefore
the whole of it is excluded from the privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
where provision for the compensation of a
contestant has been included in the resolution
confirming the right to a seat, the whole has
been held to be privileged. But a resolution
offered separately for the compensation of a
contestant has not been so regarded.
Mr. BANKS. It certainly is not privileged
any more than any other private claim.
Mr. DAWES. A resolution offered after a
vote deciding a contest, and in conneelion
with it—a separate resolution—has always been
ruled in order as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. '1 hat does not present
the case which the Chair spoke of. In the
case presented by this resolution, although the
House has a right to a divided vote upon the
two branches of the resolution, yet the Chair
cannot rule out the second branch ; because
the precedents are in favor of regarding the
two proposions as presenting a single question
of privilege.
Mr. BANKS. It is not a question of
privilege. It does not touch the privileges of
the House. But I do not make any objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. The two propositions are
divisible. I believe.
The SPEAKER. They are divisible ; and
if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
so desires, they will be voted on separately.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to say but one word
in regard to the second resolution. The ex-
penses of the contestantamount to a very much
larger sum than the committee have reported.
The district was very turbulent and there was
great difficulty in some parts of it in taking tes-
timony. While personally I hope we shall be
able to bring to an end after the present Con-
gress the practice of allowing these election
expenses to contestants, yet in this case the
committee are unanimous in their report; and
I trust there will be no objection to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
state so far as tbe first hranch of the resolution is
concerned 1 understand it to be the unanimous
report of the Committee of Elections. So far
as that branch is concerned which allowscom-
pensation to the contestant as a member of
the committee 1 did not give my consent to it,
and I never had an opportunity before to give
my dissent to it. I think it is a case in which
he is not entitled to compensation.
The question recurred on tbe first resolution,
confirming the right of Mr. Herndon to his
seat; and it was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the resolulion giving $2,000 for expenses
to the contestant, Mr. Whitmore.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope gentlemen will not
ask a vote on that resolution until we have had
some explanation 
Mr. HOAR. With permission I will make
a brief explanation. The Governor of the
State of Texas accompanied the certificate
given to the sitting member with an expres-
sion of his belief that on full investigation it
would turn out that the sitting member was
not entitled to his seat. The contestant was
a former member of this House, and expended
in good faith large sums in inquiring into, tak-
ing testimony, and learning all the facts in
the different counties of the district. Consid-
erable testimony was taken_, and the expenses
of the contestant in traveling to Washington
and back and remaining hen.- amounted to a
considerable portion of the sum which the
Committee of Elections have agreed to allow.
The whole sum for which he made application
was $4,000. I was in error in stating that it
was a unanimous report of the Committee of
Elections. What I meant to state was that it
was the unanimous report of tbe sub-commit-
tee of the Committee of Elections, consisting
of tbe gentleman from Maryland. [Mr. Mer-
rick,] tbe gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Perry,]
and myself; and I understood we had the au-
thority to consider our report as a unanimous
report in this behalf.
Mr. MERRICK. Mr. Speaker, this is one
of those cases where there was at least color
for the contest. The party himself made his
affidavit that he made the contest in good faith,
and in good faith he incurred sundry expenses.
Now, although there may have been great
looseness heretofore in allowance of expenses
to parlies making contests, yet certainly when
the party came here with a certificate from tbe
Governor of the State himself setting forth
there was good ground for tbe proceeding, it
cannot be denied there was just reason for the
entertainment ot the contest, although after
it was entertained tbe Committee of Elections
were unanimously of the opinion it was not
well founded. It seems to me, therefore, right
and proper he should be paid the expenses
allowed by the committee, which do not cover
the actual amount claimed by him. We cut
down the amount claimed by him to those
expenses necessarily and justifiably incurred.
The sub committee came to the conclusion
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] has stated. The sub-committee hav-
ing the matter confided to them by the com-
mittee, presumed they had the right to speak
for the committee.
Mp. RICE, of Illinois. I will only ask the
House to indulge me in one statement in ex-
planation of my own own position abont this
matter. So far as the justice of this claim is
concerned I will not argue that now, having
expressed my views about it. As a member
of the committee, and I speak for myself and I
am authorized to speak for my colleague on the
committee from Kentucky, [Mr. Arthur,] so
far as we are concerned, the question of com-
pensation to the contestant was never discussed
in the committee, and if any measure was taken,
as stated, authorizing this claim I do not know
of it, nor does my colleague, the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Arthur,] know of it.
I have never seen the account or claim on the
part of Mr. Whitmore for compensation.
Mr. HOAR. I will make the motion to
reconsider the last vote, and then move to re-
commit the whole matter to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. Does the gentle-
man propose to embrace the whole question in
his motion to recommit?
Mr. HOAR. I do.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has partly executed, and it is in order for the
gentleman to make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. I have not yet fin-
ished my statement.
1 desire to say further that while I do not
wish to make any point on the action of other
members of the committee in bringing this
before the House without my knowledge,
although I believe I have attended all the
meetings of the committee, I have, independ-
ently of that consideration, very grave doubts
whether the unsuccessful contestant in this case
should have compensation. I have always
supported, in deference to precedent, propo-
sitions to compensate contestants who have
failed where there was good reason to sup-
pose that the contests had been conducted in
good faith.
But in this case the certificate was given to
the sitting member, and then after various
delays in taking testimony and getting it before
the committee, the end of it is that the contest-
ant himself admits, as I understand, that he
has no claim to the seat, and the case was
never investigated as a contest upon the testi-
mony before the committee. The contestant
iu his final review of the testimony says that
he has no case. And there is nothing in it to
induce me to believe that he ever in good faith
supposed he had. These liberal compensa-
tions invite contests when there ought to be no
contests.
Ihe question being taken on agreeing to
the resolution allowing compensation, there
were—ayes 93, noes 39.
Mr. MANSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were
ayes fourteen ; not a sufficient number.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a privileged question,
but yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
have a correction made in the sundry civil
