1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
13. Williams and others, citizens of Richmond,
Virginia, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained during the war; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE presented a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Alabama asking an
extension of the time for the selection of
swamp and overflowed lands within the limits
of that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Mrs. E. J. Brossman. requesting the refund-
. ingof certain taxes paid to Captain F. J. P.
Chilty, provost marshal at Camp Stoneman,
in 1865; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask that the following
order be made:
Ordered, That Keuben Wright haveleave to with-
draw his papers from the files of the Senate.
I will state that this is a petition for indem-
nification for loss of property by Indian depre-
dators. The object of withdrawing the papers
is to have them presented to the Indian tribe.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Has there been
an adverse report ?
Mr. JOHNSTON. There has been an ad-
verse report; but being a claim for Indian
depredations the party desires to withdraw
the papers so as to present them to the Indian
tribe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let copies be retained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will
bo made with that condition.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the message of tho President of the
United States of January 14.1869, communicating
information in relation to the erection of fortifica-
tions at Lawrence, Kansas, in 1864 and 1865, on tho
files of tho Senate, be referred to tho Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask that leave
be granted to withdraw from the files of the
Senate the papers in the case of Reuben Good-
rich.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Where an abso-
lute withdrawal of papers is asked, Senators
have desired that something should be stated
as to whether there was or was not an adverse
report.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. There was no
report made in this case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the nature of
the claim?
Mr. _ FERRY, of Michigan. I think the
claim is for an allowance on account of a dif-
ference in the account between the General
Land Office and a receiver of a local land
office. Mr. Goodrich was receiver of the land
office, and my impression is that there was a
difference of accounts between him and the
General Land Office, which difference is
charged against the receiver, and he thinks it
is incorrect. The matter was referred to the
Committee on Claims, hut no action was taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to withdraw the papers.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That tho memorial and papers of Cowan
& Dickinson, of Nashvillo, Tennessee, be taken from
the files of tho Senate and referred to tlie Committee
on Claims.
Mr. PRATT. I also ask for an order that
the memorial and papers in the case of Warren
& Moore, of Nashville, Tennessee, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Claims. I am not sure
that according to the practice of the Senate I
am entitled to this order. I will briefly state
what are the facts. Warren & Moore, as
memorialists, were before the Forty-First Con-
gress claiming compensation for certain losses
to their property occasioned by the troops
during the siege of Nashville. Their claim
was referred to the Committee on Claims, and
was reported upon adversely. I had the honor
myself of submitting the adverse report. Since
that time certain proofs have been furnished
me which lead me to doubt the correctness
of the conclusion at which the committee
arrived. Among other things, it seems that
under the order of Major General Thomas this
claim was referred to a hoard of assessors, who
reported in favor of Warren & Moore to the
amount of $10,282 55, and this was not paid,
only because the Attorney General gave an
opinion that the War Department had no
authority to settle and pay any claims in the
State of Tennessee except such as were for
quartermasters' or commissary stores. The
objections to the allowance of this claim which
existed in the minds of the committee have
been in a great measure removed by new
proofs which have been submitted to me, and
I think it but just that this claim should again
be referred to that committee for reconsider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This certainly
brings it within the spirit of the forty-ninth
rule, which states that papers shall not be
withdrawn and re-referred unless where the
memorialist submits new evidence or states
that he thinks the committee have erred in
their report. The Senator himself having
made the adverse report, and thinking he has
perhaps erred in it, the case comes within the
spirit of the rule, and the papers will be re-
referred.
tiie overland mail.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to do me the
special favor of allowing me to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 057, and if any morning business
intervenes I will give way. It is a bill intio-
duced yesterday in relation to the overland
mail. I ask that it be read, and I will state
here that the bill has received considerable
attention in the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, but owing to the report of
the Department being in the hands of the
Printer at the time the committee were in
session it was impossible for them to make
anj[ final recommendation touching the bill to
which I refer. I ask that the bill be taken up
and read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. COLE. I will give way for morning
business after the bill is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators have
a right to demand precedence for morning
business. Reports of committees are now in
order.
reports of committees.
_ Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the
memorial of William Blancbard, asking com-
pensation for certain moneys expended by him
while consul at Melbourne, submitted a report
thereon, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 674)
for the relief of William Blanchard.
The bill was read.and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of Tinsley,
Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Ovsrall & Clark,
and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louisiana,
Missouri, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 551) for the re-
lief of Charles Clinton, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 291) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United States ship Wyoming, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM. The Committee on Public j
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
348) to provide for the irrigation of the Bear
River valley, in Utah Territory, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, and I give notice
that to-morrow, or as soon thereafter as prac-
ticable, I shall ask action on it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 115) reviving a grant of lands heretofore
made to the North Louisiana and Texas rail-
road, have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment. I am desired by the Senatoi
from Louisiana to ask the present considera-
tion of that bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To which I object. The
excellent luck of one land grant seen s to have
already made them popular, but I think this
can wait until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill will go on
the Calendar.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 85) to further the administration of
justice, reported it adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 473) to further
the administration of justice, reported it with
an amendment, andsubmitteda report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
Yo Lands, to whom was referred a resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas in
favor of extending the time for the comple-
tion of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F6
railroad, have had the same under considera-
tion, and have directed me to report a bill.
The bill (S. No. 676) to extend the time for
the completion of the Atchison, Topeka, and
Santa Fe railroad was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to ask for
its present consideration, but my friend on
my right [Mr. Edmunds] objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
not consider me as unjust to him; but the idea
of passing a bill here that is not yet printed,
extending or continuing a land grant, granting
away the public lands of the United States, it
seems to me is asking a little too much of
anybody. The Senator must excuse me, there-
fore, if I ask that it shall be considered in the
regular way.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill grants noth-
ing, except that it gives the company two
years' more time to complete the road without
changing anything.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can see that when it
comes up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar.
use op plates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I am instructed by the Committee on the Li-
brary to report a bill (S. No. 675) granting to
James D. Dana the use of certain plates. It
relates simply to the loaning to an individual
who is publishing a scientific work of some of
the plates that are in the custody of the Com-
mittee on the Library. That committee not
feeling quite authorized to give them without
such a bill have instructed me to ask for this
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to authorize the joint Committee on the Library
to grant to James D. Dana the use of such of
the engraved plates of the United States
Exploring Expedition under Captain Wilkes,
now in charge of that committee, as may be
desired by him for the publishing of a book
'' on corals and coral islands.''
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It relates simply
to three plates.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are you going to take
the plates out of the Library for his use?
