1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2921
sympathize entirely with my constituents
touching the matter he has referred to, and in
part I will state why.
The House of Representatives more than a
year ago, upon the motion, as the Senator is
very likely right in saying, of a single member,
and under the operation either of the previous
question or a non-debatable motion to suspend
the rules, passed the so-called tea and coffee
bill. I admit anything the Senator chooses to
claim which impairs the significance and value
of that action as compared with the action of
the Committee of Ways and Means in the
House and the more deliberate action of the
House itself. But, sir, the Senator cannot
forget that the bill came hereon 
Mr. NORWOOD. I am always pleased to
hear the honorable Senator from New York;
but I beg to inquire if his five minutes are not
out?
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend, if
he will possess his soul in patience, will learn
that there is no five minutes debate applicable
to this bill.
Now, Mr. President, to continue what I was
saying when the Senator from Georgia made
that very pertinent suggestion, the Senator
from Ohio cannot forget that the bill came
here for action. If, owing to the improvidence
of its passage in the House, or owing to the
unseasonable or unwise character of the bill, we
were opposed to it, the Committee on Finance
ought, in the natural course of things, to have
so said, to have reported the bill adversely and
had it postponed indefinitely, or laid "on the
table, or in some way or other given notice to
men who have something to do besides watch
the ebb and flow of the legislative tide and
of chances here, that the market in regard
to these two great commodities was not to
be unsettled. What did we do? The bill
was referred to the Finance Committee of this
body; it remained there some time and was
reported back. Has it ever, I inquire of the
Senator, been reported back adversely?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. So I thought; it was
reported back adversely, but put upon the
Calendar and no action taken in regard to it.
Pending that condition of things the House
again months ago passed this bill, signified a
a second time (which certainly meant delibera-
tion) its determination to free these two articles
from duty. What have we done since? Not
to occupy time I omit the statement of the
incidents which have occurred here, but it is
not too much to say that the whole Senate has
assumed, that members of the Senate by their
undisputed declaration have assumed that this
bill was some time or other to become a law.
In the mean time the country has become bare
of tea and coffee.
I heard the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. StevknsonJ say that he wanted to
protect large dealers in the State of Kentucky.
1 venture to say, speaking of Kentucky and
every other State, for statistics and data in my
desk warrant me in saying it, that there are no
largestocks of goods held in the country at
this time by the class of persons of whom he
speaks. There arc large stocks held in the
city of New York ; there are large stocks held
at other centers; but the retail dealers and the
men holding teas usually in small quantities
for the retail trade, taking notice, as they did
long ago, of the coming dismissal of duties,
Stopped buying; and I am told by those best
authorized to speak on that subject that there
is not thirty days of tea and coffee held at
large in the country. There is a great amount
of stock in bond, and the importers have been
compelled, as my honorable friend from Con-
necticut [Mr. Buckingham] knows better than
1 do, to pay for that tea and coffee, not the
duties to be sure, but the purchase-price, and
to carry it as they have done month after
month at enormous inconvenience and enorm-
ous loss.
Now I think that the two hundred thousand
men engaged in the tea and coffee trade have
a right to complain, and I think the case, fairly
stated, will cast no blame upon them for their
complaints, for their outcries, (because out-
cries they have made,) and I think on the
other side we should not be able to prove that
the Senate has been quite as diligent in mak-
ing an end of this question as it well might be.
These men have been singularly abstinent in
one respect. They have said, "We have our
views about the merits of this bill, but we will
not indulge ourselves in expressing them; we
will not say that we think the duties should be
put off or kept on; all that we venture to do
is to cry out for a finality, for a conclusion,
and that quickly, one way or the other."
Mr. President, that is a demand to which, I
submit, this Senate cannot close its ears. If
we want to defeat the tea and coffee bill, and
say that we are not in favor of dismissing this
tax and make an end of it, be it so; for no-
body has a right to expect that the legislative
judgment of the Senate would be reversed
upon such a question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from
New York will yield to me to say that I think
he will bear me witness that I have never for
a single moment delayed action on the tea and
coffee bill. I know it has been stated by one
of the New York prints that myself and others
had delayed action. I never voted against
taking up the bill. In every stage of this dis-
cussion I have been ready to meet fhis prop-
osition. I concurred in the report of the com-
mittee against the adoption of this bill. I was
ready at the earliest day it was called up to
have it taken up and acted on. I voted to-
day to take it up. What I complained of was
this, and there is the point to which I direct
the attention of my friend from New York,
not that the merchants did not have a reason-
able ground of complaint that we did not act
on the bill, but that the very same merchants
who had induced us to promise to the country
that this bill should not take effect until the
1st of July, finding that it was their interest to
have it take effect sooner, now endeavor to
bring about that result. That is all I com-
plained of. I did not complain of their press-
ing action on this bill. I think it ought to be
acted on definitely.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say two things
in reply, one to the Senate, and one more es
pecially to the Senator from Ohio. I did not
intend to impute, nor do I think anybody has
a right to impute to the Senator from Ohio
any opposition or any attempt to obstruct the
way to the consideration of the tea and cofTee
bill. For one, I wish as a witness and .,8 a
juror to acquit him of any offense of that sort
so far as 1 know.
Now, my honorable friend does greater
injustice to these dealers in the remark he
made at last than in the remark he made be-
fore, and I think I can show him that that is the
case. When the question first arose of dis-
missing the duties on tea and coffee, men in
the trade said the 1st of July, for example,
or some future day ought to be fixed when the
law shall take effect. Why was that ? For
reasons existing then, because men held
stocks upon which they had paid the added
price of the duties to the jobbers and im-
porters, and they said it is lair that these men
should have an opportunity to wait until the
market is bare. But that was a long time ago;
days and weeks and months have rolled on
since then, and in the mean time the market
has become bare, and these gentlemen from
New York and from Boston assure me that
thirty days' supply is more than there is
already at large of tea and coffee. Very
well, then delay in acting upon the bill has
answered the purpose of delay had the bill
been passed long ago and a future day been
fixed, until finally the time has come when
the most upright and the most intelligent
of these gentlemen say that the purpose has
been accomplished which was sought by their
original request for delay. I speak now, not
of my constituents alone, but I speak particu-
larly of one gentleman who is a resident of
the city of Boston, and who is not likely inten-
tionally to mislead anybody on this subject,
who assures me that if the bill should take
effect to-morrow the injustice which the ori-
ginal postponement was to avoid would not
occur. Why? Because the delay in the mean
time has answered the whole purpose. And
yet the gentleman to whom I refer, and others,
regard the fact that the Senator from Ohio
and others have committed themselves to fixing
a future day, and they are not disposed to make
any complaint on that subject even if their
complaint would avail, and accordingly the
Senator from Pennsylvania, who, I think,
sympathizes largely with the dealers in his
State and elsewhere, has submitted the amend-
ment which we have agreed to already.
I do not think there has been any want of
good faith in regard to it. I think the con-
duet of these men involves no inconsistency ;
I do not think they are the proper subjects of
criticism; and I hope my honorable friend from
Ohio in reviewing the matter will see that there
is some force in the suggestions I make to him.
Mr. President, I did not intend to multiply
so many words about this matter. I have one
other remark to make and then I shall relieve
the Senate. It is very likely that, as an ori-
ginal question, $16,000,000 of duties might be
dismissed with more beneficial effects in some
respects than to dismiss it in toto from tea and
coffee. For one, however, I am quite recon-
ciled to selecting tea and coffee and conferring
upon those two articles a benefit of a dismissal
of $16,000,000. I am so reconciled for several
reasons, but especially for one whicn I beg to
state.
The tax on tea and coffee is not a capitation
tax, but in result it comes very near to that, and
it involves one hardship which a capitation
tax does not involve. A specific duty upon
tea is a tax of a far larger per cent, upon cheap
tea than upon the higher qualities. Accord-
ingly the rich and the poor not only pay pound
for pound alike, but the distinction is against
the poor man and in favor of' the rich man.
Every consumer who uses a high quality of
tea because he can afford to indulge himself
in it pays no greater'duty per pound than
the man who uses the cheapest commod-
ity to be found in the market. In the one
case, the duty is a trifling percentage upon the
high-priced article; in the other case, it is a
very large percentage upon the cheap article
bought by the poorer class of consumers.
There are some other reasons that I might
state; but I allude now to this as reconciling
me entirely to the dismissal of these duties. In
addition to being almosta capita) ion tax, itis a
capitation tax working injuriously and hardly
upon those least able to pay it. But all that
question has passed away. The House of
Representatives, by repeated votes, has pro-
nounced in favorof freeingthese two articles;
the Senate, by repeated votes, has concurred
with the House; and now I think I have a
right to address the sense of justice of every
Senator when I ask him to preserve the bill as
it is, to keep it clear of the quicksands and
and rocks in the House to which amendments
will subject it, and allow it to pass here,
going there to await no action except action
in concurrence with the formal amendment
introduced by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
which amendment has been deemed necessary
by the Committee on Finance in order to pre-
serve their good faith. Upon concurrence in
this amendment we have a right to count;
for we have taken pains to assure ourselves
that no serious delay in the House is likely to
grow out of it; but when we come to add the
free list, even if my friend from Vermont could
pilot the bill as it will then be clear of the
