1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
238
Mr. TRUMBULL, I have no objection to
discharging the committee, but I should like
to know what the bill is. I do not consent to
go on with it till I know what it is. I have no
objection to discharging the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be 110 objection to discharging the commit-
tee from the consideration of these bills, and
they are therefore before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not necessarily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider them to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to know what
they are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are, how-
ever, before the Senate now, instead of being
in committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Subject to objection, I
believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Subject to a
single objection to their consideration, but
they are now removed from the committee,
and placed on the files of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I now ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up the first of those
bills for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill, after which the Chair will
ask for objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say, as the
motion to discharge a committee from the
consideration of a bill has generally been
understood as involving, if not a reproof, at
least a substitution of the action of the Senate
for a want of action by the committee, that I
have not heard of that bill before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I am not aware
that it has ever been considered in the com-
mittee, and I do not believe that any meeting
of the committee has been held since the bill
came into this body. Whether I shall consent
to the passage of the bill to-day will depend
upon the character of it after I shall have
heard it. T have not heard it vet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be open
to objection after it shall have been reported ;
and is open to objection now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
the Senate I should like to explain to my friend
from California that these two bills are simple
appropriation bills. They should have gone
to the Committee on Appropriations just as
all special appropriation bills do nowadays;
but they went, through the direction of the
Chair, to another committee. Thinking, as
they related to foreign relations, that it was
better they should go to the Committee on
Forrign Relations, the Chair had them re-
ferred to that committee ; but the chairman of
that committee is siek and absent. They are
bills to provide for the appropriation of money
for the payment of the expenses, on our side, of
the Genevacommission, and of the mixed com-
mission now sitting here. All the expenses that
have been paid thus far have been paid out of
the private purses of the gentlemen connected
with them. It is supposed that there can be
no objection on the part ot any Senator that
this provision of money should be supplied.
That is why my friend from Indiana asked
that the committee might be discharged, as it
could not conveniently have a meeting, in order
that the bills might be brought up for theaction
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report House bill No. 487, after which
its consideration will be open to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No. 487)
making appropriations for expenses that may be
incurred under articles one to nine, inclusive,
of the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, concluded at Washington, May
8, 1871. It proposes to appropriate the sum
of $250,000 to enable the President to fulfill
the stipulations contained in the first, second,
third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and
ninth articles of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain signed on the 8th
day of May, 1871, in relation to the tribunal
of arbitration at Geneva. The sum hereby
appropriated, or so much thereof as may be
neeessary, is to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of State, with the ap-
proval of the President of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should likp to under-
stand first what is the status of the bill before
the body. I understood that one objection would
carry it over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the Senate a few moments ago dis-
charged the Committee on Foreign Relations
from the further consideration of these two
bills. At the suggestion of the Senator from
Illinois, however, the consent of the Senate
went no further than discharging the commit-
tee, leaving this bill in the Senate, subject to
a single objection to its present consideration.
Mr. CASSERLY. Had this bill been con-
sidered in the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, there would have been an opportunity,
so far as I am concerned, to ascertain some
reason for this expenditure. I do not say that
it is too large, nor do I mean to say that I h-ave
the slightest hesitation in intrusting this ex
penditure, or any other, to the Secretary of
State. I certainly would as soon intrust it to
him as to any other head of Department that
I know of. But I think there ought to be
some statement as to the elements which go
to make up this sum of §250,000. I observe
from the bill, as read, that it is for expendi-
tures falling under certain clauses of the treaty,
which are not specified except by numbers. I
think it very likely that if the bill had come up
in the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
the statement which 1 now ask for had been
made there, it would have saved me the neces-
sity of asking for it now.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
the reason why I bring it up this morning.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations is absent, and the matter has been
overlooked until this morning. It is very im-
portant that this bill should be passed before
we adjourn to-morrow, for the reasons stated
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
The sections specified under which these ex-
penditures are to take place are the sections
of the treaty under which the Geneva commis-
sion is created—the Senator is familiar with
that part of the treaty—and the sum fixed is
supposed to be large enough to cover all the
expenses. It may be much too large, but only
so much will be expended as shall be found
necessary by the President and Secretary of
State. I think the provisions of the bill are
safe, and I hope tfie bill will be allowed to
pass this morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have an impression
(as to which, of course, I am under correction
from any Senator who is better informed) that
it was either understood or provided that the
gentlemen who served as commissioners on our
side of this treaty were to serve without salary.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Oh, no.
Mr. CASSERLY. If I am in error, then of
course I stand corrected.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will indulge me, I think he has in his_ mind
what was said touching another commission.
If he will reflect a moment he will remember
that he has that in mind. It was never said
touching the commission to which he now re-
fers. Mr. Justice Nelson, for example, hold-
ing an office already, some question arose as
to double salary, or what provision might be
made. I think there was some such question
asked in the Senate; and so, perhaps, as to
the Secretary of State. But evidently my friend
has in mind some debate that occurred in this
Chamber touching the composition of another
commission, the resolution creating which did
provide that it should be without pay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Cali-
fornia will pardon me a moment, I will read
that article of the Treaty.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from
Vermont will allow me to ask a question of
the Senator from Indiana, it may clear up a
point in my mind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand the
Senator from Indiana to say that this expendi-
ture of $250,000 is for the purposes of the
Geneva commission?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, this bill refers to
that branch of the treaty.
Mr. CASSERLY. And for that only?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir ; and then there
is another bill for the mixed commission
which is now in session here.
Mr. CASSERLY. I now understand what
I did not before understand, the real character
of this expenditure, and 1 certainly see no
objection to it, although I wish the bill had
been brought up earlier in the session, so as
to allow time for some discussion, which I
think perhaps the general subject requires.
Mr. MORTON. The bill passed the House
of Representatives some days ago and came
here, but the chairman of the committee was
absent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that, and
I understand also that there is an exigency for
the passage of the bill before the recess. Under
that statement, of course I shall not interpose
any delay, although I repeat I wish it had come
up at an earlier day in this body.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORTON. 1 now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senior
from Indiana now calls up House bill No. 480,
which will also be subject to a single objec-
tion, and will be reported in full by the Sec-
retary.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
489) making appropriations for expenses
incurred under articles twelve to seventeen,
inclusive, of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain concluded at Wash
ington, May 8, 1871. It proposes to appro-
priate the sum of $62,225 to enable the Presi-
dent to fulfill the stipulations of the twelfth,
thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, and
seventeenth articles of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain signed on the
Klh day of May, 1871, in relation to the United
States and British claims commission. The
sum hereby appropriated, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, is to be expended under
i he direction of the Secretary of State, with
the approval of the President.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEItOY. I am charged with, and
have the honor of presenting, a petition signed
by the executive committee of the Settlers'
Association in the State of Kansas, in which
they represent that they are the representa-
tives of fifteen hundred heads of families who
have settled on the Osage ceded lands, so
called, in the State of Kansas, and that their
homesteads are in dispute, being claimed by
one or more railroad companies. They are
loyal, patriotic, and devoted citizens, and rep-
resent that they were engaged, many of them,
in the service of the United States during the
late war, and that they have claims to consid-
eration from the Government. They ask that
this petition be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and that that committee be
directed to report a bill by which they may
have the right to enter their casein the supreme
court of the District of Columbia with a view
of having an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States-. They state, as a reason
for this course, that the pi-esent process is a
