234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
slow, tedious, and expensive one, and they
desire an immediate decision. They therefore
ask the Committee on the Judiciary to relieve
them by allowing them speedy process to the
supreme court of this District, and that that
court be granted jurisdiction of the case by
law. J move the reference of the petition to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the memo-
rial of Mrs. Thomas H. Gilliam and sixty other
ladies of North Carolina, protesting against
extending suffrage to women; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Polly
Chamberlain, of Plainfield, New Hampshire,
widow of a revolutionary soldier, praying that
a pension may be granted her; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CORBETT. I am requested to present
a memorial from the Legislature of Washing-
ton Territory praying an appropriation of
$60,000 for the removal of obstructions in the
Upper Columbia river, between Celilo aud
Wallula. The memorial sets forth that it has
been estimated by competent surveyors that
an appropriation of S60,000 will remove the
obstructions in that river so as to allow the
passage of a sufficiently large class of boats to
transport the products of that country from
the interior to the ocean. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
John D. Hester, of Philadelphia. Pennsylva-
nia, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of the heirs
of Benjamin Shreve, deceased, praying indem-
nification for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Hon. John Brown and others, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Jasper to
Somerville, Alabama: which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Jacob B. Power, of Indianapolis. Indiana, pray-
ing for the enactment of a special act granting
him an invalid pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition
of Elisha Basse, praying compensation for
damages done his property near Brownsville,
Texas, by United States troops during the late
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of William George, of Chelsea. Orange
county, Vermont, representing that he believes
himself entitled to a pension under the pro-
visions of the act of February 14, 1871, grant-
ing pensions to soldiers of the war of 1812.
and praying that that act be so amended as
to allow him arrears of pension from the
11th day of September, 1814. (the date he was
wounded at the battle of Plattsburg.) to Feb-
ruary 14, 1871, and that his name may be con-
tinued on the pension-roll at eight dollars per
month: which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
citizens of Wilmington, Delaware, praying
that the sale of stamped envelopes be discon-
tinued; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of J.
S. Cameron, of Tennessee, praying that he
may be indemnified for the loss of property;
which was referred to the Committeeon Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of the board of trustees of the schools for
colored children in the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia, repre-
senting that by the provisions of the act of
June 25, 1864, they have been paid by the
authorities of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown the "proportionate part" of all
school moneys "received or expended"'in
said cities "on account of schools" as the
colored children "of the school age in the
respective cities bear to the whole number of
children, white and colored, between the same
ages," with more or less regularity, from the
year 1862 up to and inclusive of the 2d day
of October of the present year; and repre-
senting further that by virtue of the acts of
the Legislature of the District of Columbia
the duty of approving and auditing disburse-
ments of moneys on account of expenditures
for school purposes in the District has been
transferred to the auditor of the treasury of
the District of Columbia; and that they are
greatly inconvenienced by reason of the non-
payment of the sums due to the teachers under
their charge and the builders of school build-
ings iu the course of erection, and praying
that they may be granted relief in the premises,
and that provision be made for the examin-
ation of the vouchers and accounts of the
auditor of the treasury of the District by the
Interior Department in accordance with rules
applicable to all disbursing officers thereof;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, it
was
Ordered. That t.he petition and papers of Thomas
"W. Redd, praying compensation for property taken
and destroyed by United States troops in 1864, be
raken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
CH4X6E OF REFERENCE.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (S. No. 58) to
prescribe the time for holding the election for
electors of President and Vice President iu
the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes,
and that it bo referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
Mr. THURMAN, I am indifferent myself
on that matter, as I happen to be on each of
those committees: but why should the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, that has the subject
under consideration, be discharged from it?
Mr. KELLOGGr. I asked that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
when I introduced it. at a time when the form-
ation of a Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions was in doubt: or at least it was to my
mind. I was not conscious of its existence at
that moment. The bill properly, I think, should
go to the Committee oti Privileges and Elec-
tions, and that is my only reason for desiring
Tnnf VOTprpilAp
Mr. THURM AN. As I understand, the Com-
mitteee on Privileges and Elections has juris-
diction in regard to questions of the election
of members of the Senate, and no other elec-
tions. It is not a committee to investigate
election matters generally, or anything of that
sort. It is simply to consider the election of
members of the Senate. That is what is
included in the word "elections;" and the
"privileges" committed to it are. of course,
the privileges of members of this body. It is
not a general committee on elections. This
bill is now in the hands of the proper com-
mittee, the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
of the Senator from Ohio prevents action on
the motion now.
Mr. THURMAN. If it is a bill relating to
the Senator's own State alone, and he has any
preference for one committee, I shall make no
objection.
Mr. KELLOGG. My chief object was to
send the bill to a committee that had the least
work before it, so that I could get prompt and
speedy action. It occurred to me, judging from
the experience of the past, that the Committee
on the Judiciary, overborne with work, might
not act on this bill with that alacrity that I
desired, and I thought perhaps the Committee
on Privileges and Elections would. I may say
in addition that my honorable friend from
Ohio is on both committees, indeed, I believe
two or three members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee are also on the Committeeon Privileges
and Elections. I had no other thought than
what I have stated. I do not care to press the
motion if my friend objects.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. In order to guard
the morning hour, the Chair must state that
this debate is not now in order, except by
unanimous consent. Objection is made, and
the call still rests with petitions and memo-
rials.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to be set right. I
do not object. I do not wish to be understood as
objecting; but on the contrary, if the Senator
perfers the other committee I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to changing the reference of this bill as desired
by the Senator from Louisiana? The Chair
hears no objection, and the change is ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I beg to be allowed to make
a single remark in answer to the Senator from
Ohio in regard to the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections. He says
that it draws to itself only the question of elec-
tion to membership in this body. I think that
is too narrow a definition of its jurisdiction. I
think that questions of election, whether of
members of this body or of the other body,
whatever questions of that kind may come
before the Senate, properly go to that com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are still iu order. If there be none,
reports of committees are next in order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 393) to authorize the discontinuance
of certain grades in the military service, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 309) to prohibit
the retention of soldiers' discharges by claim
agents and attorneys, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) donating cer-
tain condemned cannon for a soldiers' monu-
ment, to report it back without amendment;
and if there be no objection, I should like to
have it put 011 its passage at this tune.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. I thiuk it
had better lie over one day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print, ten thousand copies of the President'b
message communicating the report of the com-
mission appointed to devise rules and regu-
lations for the reform of the civil service,
reported iu lieu thereof a motion that seven
thousand copies of the message, with the accom-
panying documents, be printed for the u?e of
the Senate, and five thousand copies for the
use of the President of the United State.-, ; and
the report was agreed to.
NAVY RE POM.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution, which has received the assent of the
Committee on Printing, though it has notbeeu
formally referred to them :
Retohtd, That two thousand oouics of the report
of thoSecretary of theJiavy, with such of the accom-
panying documents as he may select, be printed for
the use of the Secretary of the Navy.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consont, and agreed to.
couur KXi'«issi-,  in- uiaii.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committeeon Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
