3818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
and then one copy thereof shall be delivered to such
applicant and the other filed in the office of*suid
Commissioner.
Skc. 3. That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, with the approval of the Secretary ot the
Treasury, shall, as soon as may be after the passage
of this act, proscribe and promulgate such rules and
regulations, not inconsistent with the provisions of
this act, as may be necessary and proper to facilitate
the execution of this act and securo the most speedy
and least expensive attainment of the purpose here-
of that is practicable.
Sec. 4. That if at the expiration of the time here-
inbefore allowed for redemption there shall remain
any of said lands unredeemed, it shall then be the
duty oi the said Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to proceed to sell at public auction, as soon as may be
consistent with the public interest, the lands not
redeemed and restored, and to release and convey
the same to the purchasers in the manner aforesaid,
and ia the mean time and until so sold to lease the
same.
Sec. 5. That all lands now owned by the United
States acquired under the provisions of any of the
United States direct tax acts, situated in the State
of South Carolina, including all tracts or lots of
land purchased under Army and Navv sales, not
paid for in full at the present time, shall be included
in the provisioi.8 of this act: Provided, however,
That the applications of the purchasersunder Army
and Navy sales shall, for six months after the pas-
sage of this act, have precedence so far as relates to
the land purchased by them.
Sec. G. That all money derived from the sale of
school-farm lands, under the provisions of sec-
tion eight of an act entitled " An act to continue in.
force and to amend ' An act to establish a Bureau
for the relief of Froedmen and Refugees, and ior
other purposes/ " approved Julylti, 1866, and vvhioh
money is now in the custody ot the Preedmun's Bu-
reau, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated lor
the use and support of free public schools in the
parishes ot St. Helena and St. Luke, South Carolina,
m equal parts, to bo expended under the direction
and control of a special board of three commis-
sioners, who shall be appointed by and act under
the direction of tho Seciotary of the Treasury, and
shall bu duly sworn that they will faithfully discharge
their duties as such commissioners, and shall give
such good and sufficient bonds therefor as said Sec-
retary shall require, and who shall not receivo more
than $100 per year each for their services.
Skc. 7. That the provisions of this act shall not
be construed to apply to or embrace anv lands,
farms, plantations, or lots which are now, in whole
or in part, used or occupied by the United States
tor national cemeteries, or other public purposes,
or which, under the instructions of the President of
the United States, have been reserved for military
or naval purposes, or such lots of land on Hunting
Island, South Carolina, as may be necessary as a
site for the erection of a light-house, or the lot in
the town of Beaufort, in said State, designated on
the plat of the late commissioners of direct taxes
for t-aid State as lot B, block sixty-one.
Skc. 8. That the premises known and designated
as block one hundred and twenty-three on the plat
aforesaid, in the town of Beautort aforesaid, now
occupied as a court-house for tho county of Beau-
fort, in said State, be, and the same arc herebv,
relented unto said county, lor the public uses of said
county; arid that all sums ot money dun to tho
United States on account of said premises bo, and
they are hereby, released in favor otsaul county.
Sue. 9. That section two of an act entitled "An
act for the relief of purchasers of hind sold lor direct
taxes in the insurrectionary Slates," approved May
9, 1872, be, and the same is hereby, amended to read
follows:
"Skc. 2. That in all cases where the owner of any
land sold for tiixes as aforesaid, his heirs or assigns,
has recovered or shall r< cover the same from the
purchaser, ins heirs or assign^, without collusion on
his or their part, by the judgment of any United
States court, bv reason of a fiifurc, without his or
their fault or neglect, of the title of the purchaser
derived from said sale, the Secretary of the Tveas
ury, onrho payment into theTrea>ury, by the clcrk,
of the money deposited, with him as aforesaid, and
on being satisfied that any jpuichast-r, his> heirs or
assigns, without his or their collusion, has been
evicted from or turned out of possession of any such
land by the judgment of any United States court, m
the manner before mentioned, is hereby authorized,
out ot nny money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to repay to the person or persons enti-
tled thereto a sum of money equal to that originally
paid by the purchaser of the land so recovered if
the same has been paid into the Treasury, or to any
person legally authorized to rcceive the same for the
United States."
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman
from Indiana to yield to me at this tune io
move to aioead section one of this substitute
by striking out the words "or grantee in good
faith find for valuable consideration."
Mr- KERB. I have uo objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARBIS, of Virginia. 1 desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. KERB. I will hear the amendment
read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to
insert as a new section the following:
That in any case where lands have been sold for
taxes and the net proceeds paid in the Treasury, the
former owner of said land so sold shall, upon pro-
per proof, be paid by tho Secretary of the Treasury
the amount for which said land was sold less the
taxes and expenses attending the sale.
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield for that amend-
ment, and I will state in a few words why I
cannot. I concede that the object of the
amendment is a good one, that it is equitable
and honorable, and should be granted by Con-
gress; but I am sure if it is incorporated in
this bill it will lead to antagonisms and debate.
I think it had better be made the subject of a
separate bill. Further, I desire to say that
this bill, as it came from the Senate, has been
carefully considered by the Committee of Ways
and Means. It relates almost entirely to that
portion of land now held by the United States,
and against the present possessors of which the
United Stateshasinstituted proceedings to dis-
possess them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Idonotdesire
to embarrass this bill at all.
Mr. ICBRR, I cannot yield for the amend-
ment.
Mr, Speaker, I will detain the House just a
few moments to stata the chief points of dif-
ference between this substitute and the Senate
bill. First, it gives two years instead of one
for redemption of these lands bought in by
the Government. This is really necessary to
the granting of the relief needed by the peo-
ple. A year is not sufficient time. Then the
subs'itute is, in its details and regulations, bet-
ter guarded and more complete. The substi-
tute also makes a reservation for a light-bouse
011 limiting Island, South Carolina, for the
uses of the Government. To this there can
be no good objection. It also releases the
claim 01 the United States to a certain square
in the town of Beaufort, South Carolina, used
for a county court-house for Beaufort county,
and for its other public buildings and offices,
and cedes its claim thereto to that county for
such public uses. This is an act of both jus-
tice and charity, and there can be no objection
to it. Then tho last section of this bill is a
reetiactment of section two of the act of May
S), 1872, and is added on the recommendation
of the Department, and to make that act of
May 2 accomplish what it was intended to
do, hut failed for lack of two, and only two,
veibal amendments. These needed amend-
ments are incoi porated in the section as it
is here reeuacted. They consist, first, in in-
serting in the second line of the section, after
the word " assigns," the words "has lecovered
or," before the words '• shall recover," and in
adding at the end of the original section two,
these words only, " or to any person legally
authorized lo receive the same for the United
Slates." These are the only changes m-^de,
and their objects and purposes are readily
apparent. They are right and proper. I hope
the bill will now pass.
Mr. MORPHIS. What is the provision of
this bill in relation to national cemeteries?
Mr. KERR. I will read that portion of the
substitute, which is as follows :
That the provisions of this act shall not be con-
strued to apply to or embrace any lands, farms,
plantations, or lots which are now, in whole or in
part, used or occupied by tho United States for
national cemeteries, or other public purposes.
That excludes all questions of controversy.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute as amended was
agreed to.
'1 he bill, as amended, was then read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. KKRR, moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERB. I move to amend the title by
adding thereto the words "for other pur-
poses. ''
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
ASRtCDLTOKAL SCRIP FOR ARKANSAS.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, reported back, with an
amendment, House bill No. 2109, to authorize
the issuance of college scrip to the State of
Arkansas.
The preamble of the bill states that the State
of Arkansas has complied with all the provisions
and requirements of an act entitled •' An act
donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts," approved July 2, 1862, and other acts
amendatory thereto.
The bill therefore directs the Secretary of
the Interior to issue at once, and deliver to
the secretary of State for the State of Arkan-
sas, the full amount of college scrip, to wit,
the sum of $200,000, as provided for in the
act, to be used and appropriated to and for
the purposes and objects in the act specified,
and none other.
The amendment was to strike out the words
"the sum of $200,000," and insert in lieu
thereof the words " fifteen thousand acres."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill as
amended to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. SARGENT. Has the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Wilson] any objection to confining
the location of this land to the State of Arkan-
sas, where there are ten million acres of pub-
lic lands?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. We do not pro-
pose to lay any restrictions on Arkansas that
were not laid on other States. That State has
complied carefully with the law, but the Sec-
retary of the Interior has held back this scrip
because the State was in debt to the Chick-
asaw fund, which has no more to do with the
right of the State to this land, under the law
of 1862, than a debt of mine would have to do
with my right to a seat in this House.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will
allow me a moment, I would like to say that
in the western States we have found that the
location of this scrip, going as it does into the
hands of speculators, is one of the greatest
curses ever inflicted upon us. Now, if there
is some disability to be removed, if there is
some favor asked of Congress with regard to
the issuance of this scrip to any particular
State that has not received it, 1 do not object;
but I do ask that such State may have the
benefit and the curse, whatever they may be,
within its own limits, particularly where, as
in the case of Arkansas, there are ten mil-
lion acres of unoccupied land. I wish to pro-
pose an amendment, that the location of this
scrip 
1 he SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield for an amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I do not yield.
I call the previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the previous
question will be voted down.
Mr. HAYS. Why should the location of
this scrip be confined to Arkansas, when
under the general law various States have
received their scrip and have located it where
ever they chose ?
Mr. SARGENT. Because we have found
by experience that those who obtain this scrip
come right to the western and Pacific States
and locate it there; and the result is that
sometimes almost counties are taken up
under this scrip by a few speculators. In my
own State there is a piece of territory that a
man with a fleet horse cannot pass over m a
day which is held under this law by specu-
lators.
Mr. HAYS. Why should not Arkansas
have the same rights with reference to this
scrip that other States have had ?
