11SQ
THE COKGRESSIOJSt&lr GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not care whether
the Secretary of War or the Secretary of the
Interior be selected.
Mr, HARLAN. Perhaps it would be well
to 'substitute the Secretary of1 War, as the
plans have to be submitted to him for his
approval.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly ; I suggested
that with reference to his having the engineer
bureau in his Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. These matters have here-
tofore been referred to the district courts. I
recollect that in the case of the Cincinnati
bridge the great controversy about that bridge
was referred, I think, to tha Supreme Court,
or some one of the United States courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was a matter of
law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " the district court for
the district of Iowa," and inserting " the Sec-
retary of War." The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 5. That the plan and specifications, with the
necessary drawings of said bridge, shall bo submit-
ted to the Secretary of War, for his approval, and
until he approvo theplan and location ofsaid bridge
it shall not be built or commenced j and should any
chango be rnado in the plan of said bridge, during
the progress of the work thereon, such change shall
bo subject to the approval of the Secretary of War;
and all changes in the construction of said bridge,
that may be direoted by Congress, shall be made at
the cost and expense of the owners thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
amendment by striking it all out and inserting
what I send to the Chair, being the second
section of an act on the same .subject.
The Chief Clerk. The words proposed to
be inserted are as follows:
That the structure herein authorized shall be built
under and subjoot to such regulations for the secur-
ity of the navigation of said rivor as the Socretary
of War shall proscribe, and tho said structure shall
be at all times so kept and managed as to offer
reasonable and proper means for the passage of
vessels through and under said structure ; and the
said structure shall be changed at the cost and
expenso of tho owners thereof, from timo to time, as
Congress may direct, so as to preservo tho freo and
convenient navigation of said river; and tho author-
ity to erect and continue said bridge shall be sub-
ject to revocation by law whenevor the public good
shall in tho judgment of Congress so require.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose this amend-
ment, as being more complete, to carry out the
view of the committee, and being what was
adopted in other railroad-bridge bills recently
under consideration. I am sure there is no
objection to it, for it carries out the idea of
the committee a little more particularly; so I
will not take up time in discussing it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
^ Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
bill by way of addition.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin is to add to the bill
the following:
Sec. —. That a bridge may be constructed and
maintained across the Mississippi river, at anypoint
they may select, between the counties of Carroll and
Whitosidos, m tho State of Illinois, and the coun-
ties of Jackson and Clinton, in the State of Iowa
either by the Western Union Railroad Company or
the foabuia, Ackley, and Dakota Bailroad Company,
or both of them, or by either or both of their suc-
cessors or assigns, or by any person, company, orcor-
poration having authority from the States of Illi-
nois and Iowa. The bridge authorized to be built
by this section is hereby declared to be a post route
and has all the privileges, and is subject to all tho
terms, restrictions, and requirements contained in
the foregoing sections ot this act.
Sec. —. That a bridge may be constructed and
maintained across the Mississippi river, at any point
thoy muy select, between the county of La Crosse,
in the State of Wisconsin, and the county of Hous-
ton, m theSt= te of Minnesota, by the Milwaukee
and ot. .Paul Hallway Company, their successors or
assigns, or by any person, oompany, or corporation
having authority from the Statesof Wisconsin and
Minnesota. The bridge authorized, to be built, by
this section is hereby declared to be a post route,
and has all th  privileges, and is subject to all the
terms, restrictions, and requirements contained in
the foregoing sections of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I submit the following
amendment, to come-in at the end of. the last
amendment :
Sec. —. That the Muscatine Western Railroad
Company, or their assigns, a corporation existing
under the laws of the State of Iowa, be, and is
hereby, authorized t.o construct and maintain a
bridge across the Mississippi river at the city of
Muscatine, in the State of Iowa. The bridge author-
ized to' be built by this section is hereby declared to
be a post route, and- shall have all the privileges,
and is subject to all the terms, restrictions, and re-
quirements contained in the foregoing sections of
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire the attention of the
Senator from Wisconsin for one moment to
his amendment which was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin is not now in the Chamber.
The morning hour has expired, and the unfin-
ished business is before the Senate, being the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] the pending question being on
the amendment of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conklijjg,] upon which tke Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Schurz] is entitled to the floor.
* Mr. COLE. I appeal to the Senator from
Missouri to allow me to ask of the Senate the
consideration of the bill I referred to early
this morning, which includes only eight lines.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Missouri has very kindly consented that
the regular order be passed over a moment to
take the final vote on the bill which was pend-
ing when the morning hour expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no,Senator
demand^ the regular order, the unfinished
business will be passed over, subject to a de-
mand for the regular order, to take the ques-
tion on the passage of the bridge bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply desire to call the
attention of the Senator from Wisconsin to
the fact that the last section he moved as an
amendment does not confine the power to
build the bridge to the corporation therein
named, but gives it to their successors, or
assigns, or to any person, company, or cor-
poration having authority from the States of
Wisconsin and Minnesota, thus giving the
same privilege to all corporations hereafter
created by those States. I suppose that was
hardly designed, and I want to call his atten-
tion to it, How long a distance does that
embrace, '1 between the county of La Crosse,
in Wisconsin, and the county of Houston, in
the State of Minnesota?"
_ Mr. CARPENTER. They are on opposite
sides of the river.
_ Mr. SCOTT. But how far up and down the
river do they extend ?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a question
that ought to be senL to the Civil Service
Reform Committee. I do not know. The
width of the counties, 1 suppose.
Mr. SCOTT. Then the privilege is given
to this corporation, their successors and as-
sigus, or to any person, company, or corpora-
tion having authority; from the States of Wis-
consin and Minnesota, which will authorize
any existing company or corporation, or any
ever_ hereafter incorporated, to build a bridge
within these limits. I only wish to know how
extensive a power we are granting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The .
on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
The title was amended so as to read ; "An
act to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Mississippi riverat or near the town
of Clinton, in the State of Iowa, and other
i question is
bridges across said river, and to establish them
as postroadsi" • • «
OVERLAND MAILS.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri to yield for the consideration of Senate
bill No. 657, relating to the overland mails.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I object to the pres-
ent consideration of the bill.
Mr. COLE. This is of very great import-
ance to the business communities both of the
Pacific and Atlantic States. I do not know
how it may affect the State of Nebraska..
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
reached by laying aside informally the pending
question, which is the resolution of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, and taking up this
bill.
Mr. COLE. Can it be done by motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot, ex-
cept by laying on the table or postponing the
pending question, which is the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts, upon which
the Senator from Missouri is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. COLE. I move that the present order
be laid aside until this bill be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to thelHoor, and may
not yield for that motion.
Mr. SCHURZ. If this bill can be passed
without debate, I shall be glad to yield; other-
wise, I cannot.
Mr. COLE. It will not be debated by me.
I wish to get it through without debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I appeal to my friend
from Nebraska not to press his objection. The
report of the Postmaster General, which has
only come in this morning, though it was called
for by my resolution of last Friday, makes such
a case, I think, as will satisfy him that this bill
or something like it ought to pass. The injury
to the people of the Pacific coast, more than
three quarters of a million of persons, the
most active community of its size probably in
the world outside of the large cities, is very
great and is becoming greater with every day's
delay in the transmission of the mails. I hope
the Senator from Nebraska will withdraw his
objection to unanimous consent to taking up
the bill and passing it.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I desire to say that so
far as I understand the condition of affairs
there the officers of the road are doing all
that it is possible for human beings to do, and
that the blockade will soon be terminated. I
prefer at any rate that the question shall go
over until to-morrow. I know of no negli-
gence on their part.
Mr. COLE. I have but one remark to make.
I will state for the information of my friend
from Nebraska that my information is very
positive and direct that the railroad company
is not doing its duty by any means, that the
mails are laid over for the purpose of allowing
tea trains to go ahead, and that some mails are
delayed two days longer than they should have
been in order to get freight trains through in
advance.
Mr. CASSERLY. More than that. I may
add that the telegram of Mr. Albert Barstow,
assistant superintendent of railway mail ser-
vice, a gentleman well known to my colleague
and myself as a most intelligent and efficient
public servant, transmitted by him to the Post-
master General from Ogden, is explicit that
the failure to only transmit the mails on the
part of the railway company is, to use his own
language, inexcusable under the circumstances.
INow, I do not wish to pass judgment in ad-
vance upon the railroad company; but I pre-
sent that as a reason why Congress should act
with promptness. The telegram is in the
report of the Postmaster General called for
by me on last Friday, and on the table this
morning.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the regular order
may be passed over informally, and that we
may take up this bill. It can do no harm to
