1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2923
in favor of repealing the entire duty on tea
and coffee. It was only a preliminary vote
that was had here ; and how often are votes
given in the Senate and subsequently reversed ?
We have had an example to-day. Here was
an amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont that was voted down by several
majority in the Senate; the vote was reconsid-
ered, and afterward that amendment adopted;
and because on a single vote the Senate de-
cided at one time to put tea and coffee oil the
free list, it is not a decision of the Senate that
as a separate proposition they are prepared to
do that. I should be glad to see the price of
tea and coffee reduced to the people of this
country by taking the duty off those articles ;
but if you take the duty off those articles you
reduce the revenue to that extent and you
take away our power to reduce the duties upon
other articles which it is more important, in
my judgment, that we should have a reduction
of duties upon than upon tea and coffee. I
am not only for reducing the duties to the
extent of $16,000,000 a year, but I believe we
can reduce them $50,000,000, and abolish the
internal revenue taxes to a great extent be-
sides, and dispense with all this machinery
through the country. I was rejoiced the other
day to see a proposition, which I believe came
from the Secretary of the Treasury, to dis-
pense with the collectors and assessors of
internal revenue throughout the country, and
I hope Congress will not adjourn without
abolishing those offices and abolishing every
feature of internal revenue taxation, except so
far as we derive revenue from spirits and
liquors of all kinds, including beer, and to-
bacco, and perhaps the stamp duties may be
retained to some extent.
Now, Mr. President, I-hope the Senate will
not pass this bill simply repealing the duty
upon tea and coffee, and I think it is a waste
of time to consider it. I trust when it goes
back to the House of Representatives they
will put it in their general bill and let us con-
sider this whole subject together and not take
up this separate bill that has lain here for
more than a year and in reference to which
this new born zeal is exhibited within a few
days, for I cannot conceive why the merchants
have not got all they want when they are in-
formed that no such bill is to go into operation
before the 1st day of July.
Mr. MORTON. The objection that I have
had to taking up the tea and coffee bill has
been the fear that if this bill was passed it
might be used as a lever to prevent the reduc-
tion of the tariff in any other respect; but I
am assured by its friends tbat there is no such
purpose, and that the object of pressing its
consideration now is to relieve the trade. I
can understand how the trade is embarrassed
at this time and why it is a matter of justice
to the large number of men and the large
amount of capital engaged in it that this ques-
tion should be settled one way or the other.
I have had many communications from tea
and coffee dealers; I have not had one ask
ing that this question should be disposed of in
any particular wny, but all that it shall be
disposed of promptly.
This being the reason why I want to take up
the bill at this time, it is a good reason why I
should not vote to put amendments on it. So
far as the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont is concerned, the free list,
it is of no practical importance now. I be-
lieve the amonut of duty dispensed with by
the whole free list moved by him is $1,800,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. More; be-
tween three and four millions.
Mr. MORTON. Still it is comparatively
unimportant. If it is proposed to go forward
and amend this bill and settle the whole tariff
question, that is another thing ; but as it is
not proposed to do that, as the main body of
the tariff question is still to be left behind, I
see no particular object to be gained by
putting the free list upon this bill. I think
the Senator from Vermont has been somewhat
uneasy himself that by making tea and coffee
free we should prevent any further legislation
upon the tariff. I would suggest to him that
that danger might be increased somewhat by
adding the free list to this bill and stopping
there. The best assurance we can have that
the tariff will be moditied hereafter, that this
will not be a finality, will be to pass the tea
and coffee bill by itself; but if we put the
free list on, we furnish a further excuse for not
doing anything more in regard to the tariff.
Now, [ wish to say to the Senate that 1 am
strongly convinced that we should go further
and reduce the tariff in material respects upon
many other articles. The section reducing
duties ten per cent, contained in the bill of
the Committee on Finance, I believe is right
in itself, and I hope that Congress will not
adjourn without passing it or some such meas-
i ure. 1 agree with the Senator from Illinois
j that taxation ought to be reduced at least
! $50,000,000. I am in favor of a further re-
j duct.ion of the tariff and the internal revenue
j by at least $50,000,000, and I think it can go
j to $60,000,000 without at all endangering the
j ability of the Government to pay $50,000,000
! a year upon the national debt. I want to re-
j duce the debt not less than $50,000,000 a
j year, and I would bring down taxation to that
1 point where there should be surplus enough
; to pay' $50,000,000 a year; and from the ex-
amination I have made, I am satisfied that we
can take off $60,000,000 of taxation and do
that, including the tariff and the internal rev-
enue. The country expects a large reduction ;
the country knows that it can be made; the
country has been promised this reduction ;
and the dominant party here is responsible to
the country for this reduction and will be held
responsible it' it is not made. In agreeing
now to take the duties off tea and coffee, 1
am not consenting indirectly that the reduc-
tion shall stop there. I shall expect at least
$35,000,000 beyond that. I vote now to take
this question up simply for the purpose of re-
lieving what 1 believe to be a great embairass-
ment in the trade.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the mer-
chants of this country have a right to com-
plain, in my opinion, of the position in which
they have been placed by the action of Con-
gress. The table of each Senator, I presume,
contains, as mine does, communications from
men setting forth the great distress to which
they have been brought by the element of
uncertainty in regard to their business mat-
ters. The trade to which I refer in tea and
coffee is one of the largest known to our com-
merce ; it is that which enters into the con-
sumption of almost every human being within
our territorial limits. These two commodi-
ties have been subjected to revenue imposi
tions almost always in the history of our Gov-
ernment. The importers of these articles, the
merchants whose warehouses now are filled
with these imports, never complained as to
the rate of duty. There was no petition before
'Congress from them to have it altered. Their
business was conducted just as safely and prof-
itably under the duties of two years ago as
they are under the present duties, or as they
will be should this measure sent us by the
House to abolish all duties whatever, become
the law.
But, unfortunately, the question of tariff
legislation is suffering at this time, and by
this measure from two evils. In the first
place, Congress is undertaking to treat by
piecemeal that which should be a system, and
be legislated upon as a system. To select
from your whole list of imports one or two
articles and deal with them by special legisla-
tion without regard to their relations to all
the rest of the country's commerce is of itself
impossible, because commerce is a mere net-
work, a series of interchanges, in which you
cannot touch one item without affecting all;
and therefore when you attempt to deal by
legislation with one article you must consider
its relation to other articles if you wish to deal
wisely with it at all.
I say, therefore, that the interests of the
country so tar as concerns a large and im-
portant class of our citizens, the importing
merchants of these two articles, have a right
to complain, and the rest of the country have
a right to complain, that you are dealing piece-
meal with that which should be acted upon
only by a legislative system.
That is not the only evil. Next to that, if
not greaterthan that, is the evil that this ques-
tion of revenue action and this piecemeal
action in respect to it has been made or sought
to be made a matter of party politics. It has
passed into the hands of the demagogery of
politics. It is not a question in regard to
which the business of the country has made
application to the Congress for relief. But
this measure which is not new, was sent here
one year ago, and the Senate did not act upon
it but deliberately deferred it. It was not
thought of importance then ; but it has simply
served to fill a certain cry for what they term
"a free breakfast table," "free tea and
coffee," something for the poor man ; andthat
hollow, unsound, untrue talk is indulged in
with regard to that which is entitled, if treated
with at all, to be treated with strictly as a
business measure.
Mr. President, it was an evil day and it ever
will be an evil day for the merchants and man-
ufacturers of this contry when questions of
revenue by tariffs become questions of party
politics. If they knew their interest they
would keep it out of that vortex. If they knew
their interest they would demand that such
questions be segregated from pai ty politics. I
do believe that this bill was originated in the
hasty unauthorized manner that has been
spoken of in the House, in nothing else than a
mere spirit of party trickery.
I consider that the merchants of this coun-
try, or those who are termed generically the
business men of this country, have a right to
ask of the legislators of the United States two
things. They have a right to ask that stabil-
ity shall be an element of our laws. It is not
the rate of duty; it is not the imposition or
the absence of a tax, so much as it is that sta-
bility which shall permit business to be formed
and to be carried out, which shall permit a
plan of intelligent prevision, or an intelligent
survey of the field of business with the cer-
tainty that the principles of trade and the prin-
ciples of intelligent prevision of a man's whole
plans in life shall be allowed to be acknowl-
edged without being thwarted by sudden and
unlooked-for action on the part of the Legis-
lature. See, sir, how Congress have wavered,
have staggered to and fro upon the subject
of the duty on these two very articles. For
the first six months of 1870 and up to, I think,
the month of September, 1870, there was a
duty of twenty-five cents per pound upon tea,
and oil coffee of five cents. On the 14lh of
July, 1870, those duties were reduced pros-
pectively from twenty-live to fifteen cents on
tea, and upon coffee fiom five to three cents
per pound.
They stood so until the meeting of the pres-
ent session. Then, in a proper spirit of tariff
legislation, the whole question was taken up by
the House ; but suddenly this partial measure
was sprung upon them and came to the Senate,
and then the Senate Committee on Fitiance
laboriously and carefully proceeded to revise
the entire system with reference,,each aiticle
to another, not taking it piecemeal and legis-
lating for each separately. The result was the
bill that finally passed the Senate, not entirely
freeing tea and coffee from duty, but reducing
the duties 1 believe thirty-three per cent. ; re-
ducing the tariff generally about ten per cent,
by what you may term a horizontal reduction ;
