1872.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
tion of American labor. I will not allow my-
self to be put in any such category as that of
being opposed to American labor. Every
man who is in ftvor of moderate duties is
taxed with being opposed to 'American labor
by the high protectionists, not only in the
country, but in this vety Senate Chamber. I
ain not to be put in the category in which the
protectionists seek to put all men who are in
favor of fair and moderate duties, of being an-
tagonistic to American labor. I have given
illustrations ; I have shown where the labor of
the country is. Another illustration occurs to
me which I ought also to mention.
Take the railroads; are they benefited by
your tariff? No one I think will be hardy
enough to pretend that. They pay more on
their iron, on their rails, on every spike, on
every chair, on the iron that euteis into their
cars, on account of your duty; and yet in the
manufacture of those cars is there any eompe
tition from abroad? And any one of half a
dozen great railroads that I could name em-
ploys more men than the largest cotton or
woolen factory in all the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. How then doe3 tlie Sen-
ator account for the fact that the greatest of
the railway interesis through their representa-
tive men, united a short time ago in a petition
and representation to Congress in favor of
keeping up the duty on Bessemer steel?
Mr. TRCJRMAN. 1 know that; and I know
that that imposition was exposed by my friend,
who unfortunately is away from his seat, oil
my left, when this question was up before. If
I were to go into that, I should have to go
into the question of rings within a railroad ;
I should have to go into the question of how
radroads are managed; how a ring is formed
within a company that sucks the juice out of
the orange and leaves the stockholders nothing
but the rind ; and how such a ring as that,
holding five patents for the making of steel
rails for the benefit of a few individuals and
not of the railroad, has made the men in that
ring and the officers of its own appointment
on its leased lines come to this Senate and
ask them to keep up the monopoly that they
under tlieir patents may make money out of
their own stockholders. It is not a very
difficult thing to understand, it is not a bit
more difficult to understand than it is to under-
stand the fast freight lines. Kvery man who
is acquainted with railroad matters understands
the tiling pretty well.
Mr. President, I said I was not going to be
put into .the category of being opposed to
American labor. Why should 1 be? If there
is any man who has labored harder than I
have done during my life time I do not know
him ; and I am as much in favor of labor hav-
ing its proper reward as any one can be. But
this is not a question about rewarding labor ;
it is a question about dividing the profits of
labor in the country, taking part of them from
a portion of the people who have earned
them and giving them to another portion who
have not.earned them. It is a question of the
division of the products of labor, whether
each man shall have the product of his own
labor, or whether a portion of the product of
his labor shall be taken from him and go to
another man under the name of protecting
labor. The question is whether you shall rob
Peter to pay Paul. That is the whole of it in
a sentence.
Now, Mr. President, I did not expect on
my advent into the Senate after a week's
sickness, and a severe sickness, too, to be
dragged into making a speech on the tariff;
but I could not help it. The Senate seemed
to have nothing else to do but to make or
to listen to speeches, and my colleague, who
has the bill m charge, seemed so complacent
and apparently so indifferent that I thought
I would trouble the Senate to listen to me for
a few moments. [Laughter. J
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to reply in detail to the remarks of the
Senator from Ohio; but it is a little singular
that he, standing here preeminently the organ
of the Democratic party, should at once put
himself in antagonism with a man by the name
of Andrew Jackson who thought it very im-
portant to place the consumers of agricultural
products alongside of the agriculturist. I com-
mend to tlie Senator the reading of a certain
letter, that he is not unfamiliar with, of Gen-
eral Jackson's.
Mr. THURMAN. I recollect—long ago
before the Senator from Vermont was born I
suppose it was, [laughter]—the "judicious
tariff" letter of General Jackson, and I com-
mend to the Senator Mr. Webster's comment-
ary on that letter in his speech, and when the
Senator gets that, he will have both sides of
the question. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Another point
in the Senator's argument was the diminution
of our agricultural population. I desire to ask
him whether it is not a fact that those who re-
main must ofnecessity obtain a larger remun-
eration than they otherwise would?
But the Senator has stated that there are
only two or three, or at the most half a dozen,
agricultural products that receive any protec-
tion. The Senator is mistaken in that as much
as he was in the statement that those who are
protected are constantly seeking to increase
the amount of their protection.
Take the article of sugar; is not that an
agricultural production? It is not only pro-
duced from the cane m Louisiana and Texas,
but I am informed that m California they have
successfully introduced the cultivation of beets
for the purpose of manufacturing sugar, and
that they have at least one mill now established
that is a success, and I am informed that they
have a large amount of lands that can be
devoted to a like culture. Sir, I am aston-
ished at the Senator from Ohio making the
statement he does.
Take the article of rice ; and I take southern
products first. Is not that an agricultural pro-
duction? Does not the Senator from South
Carolina seek to avoid any reduction of the
duty upon that article?
Again, take hops. A large portion of the
Canadian Dominion produces hops, and they
are a very profitable article of culture.
Take, then, the common article of potatoes.
Why, sir, one half the potatoes which are dis-
posed of here in the city of Washington come
from the Canadian Dominion. They are not
raised in our own country, but they come from
New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. And yet
the Senator seems to ignore the fact that there
is any need of a tariff upon potatoes.
Take the article of oats. A very large
amount of oats is brought here from Prince
Edward's Island and Nova Scotia and all
through the Canadas. Their climate is too
cold for the production of com, but they pro-
duce oats in large abundance, and they have
to find a maiket for them in the United States
to a very large extent.
The Senator admitted that on flax seed and
wool there was some protection given; bat
take it on sheep, is there not as much pro-
tection on sheep as there is upon wool ? They
come into our country by droves, across the
railroad at. Niagara Falls, across every rail-
road of the country ; they come by twenty
car loads at a time to our markets, and pay
the duty of twenty per cent, in addition.
Take it upon horses. Those also come
singly and in pairs and in droves, and are
sold in our market.
Take it upon cattle. Last fall I was upon
the Canada side, and I saw whole droves of
cows assembled together for the American
market. Does the Senator think that our
farmers have not any interest in the subject
of the tariff? If so, he is very much mis-
taken.
Take it even upon butter and cheese; even
eggs are brought here in very great quanti-
ties and sold in our markets.
Take the article of peas, which is largely
consumed as a substitute for coffee, and there
are hundreds and thousands of bushels of
peas grown in Canada, and burned and sold
in New York as a cheap article of coffee.
Does the Senator think our people have no
interest in these subjects? If so, he is very
much mistaken.
I could go through with a still larger list,
but at half past four o'clock I do not wish to
weary the Senate. The Senator's arguments
are notonly wrong, but his facts are all wrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from.
Maryland.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. What is that
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike
out the words "and steel rails," in line nine-
teen, section two, page 6 of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BAYARD, (after having at first voted
in the affirmative.) I voted under a misap-
prehension in the absence of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] There was an
understanding that we should pair, but it was
not so definite as it is to be now. I desire,
therefore, t.0 recall my vote. If the Senator
from Pennsylvania were here, he would vote
in the negative and I in the affirmative, on this
proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Senator's vote will be with-
drawn.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to be per-
mitted to make a motion at this time in regard
to an adjournment over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll-
call is not yet announced.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to anything else
being done.
The result was then announced—yeas 25,
nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
]'jdmund&, Hamilton ui Maryland, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Kellojrg, Kelly, Losan, Norwood,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Schurz, Stockton, Xbur-
in an, Trumbull, and Vickers—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Caldwell, Clayton. Conkling. Corbett, Cra-
tnn, i'enron. Ferry ot" Michigan, Frehnghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamilton ot Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Morriif
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Patterson,
Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, West,
Winilom, and Wright—28.
ABSli)NT—Messrs. Bayard. Brownlow, Cameron,
Davis of Kentucky, l?erry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Groldthwaite, Johnston, Lewis, Nye, Pool,
Pratt, Rice, Ilobei-tson, Salisbury, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Sumner, Tipton, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey, to strike outfrom the fifteenth to
the twenty fourth lines, inclusive, of the sec-
ond section of the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance to House bill No. 173,
which was added to this bill in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask consent of the
Senate to move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday, to-mor-
row being Good I?riday. I think it is right for
the Senate to adjourn over Good Friday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any motion
of that kind until we get this bill through. I
think I have ascertained now the sense of a
large majority of the Senate to be to dispose
of this bill before adjournment. Then I shall
not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion
cannot be entertained now except by unan-
imous consent, and objection is made.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The motion I
made was at first to strike out parts of the sec-
tion ; but at the suggestion of some Senators
that they desire to have a vote oil the whole
