1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
176) in relation to the payment of the expenses
of the arrest, custody, and trial of prisoners
charged with territorial offenses in the Terri-
tory of Utah, and for other purposes, have
had the same under consideration, and in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment and to ask for its passage. I also
desire to ask for the present consideration of
this bill. It is very brief ; and if the Senate
will hear a short explanation that I will make,
and hear the letter of the Attorney General
read, I think there will be no objection.
The bill was read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator reports
from the Committee on Territories that there
is a necessity for such an appropriation as this,
I shall make no objection ; but I object to the
transfer proposed. Let the Senator state the
amount necessary, and let us appropriate it
directly.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state the reason why
the bill is put in this shape.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be still
open to objection after the Senator from New
Hampshire has concluded his explanation.
Mr. CRAGIN. The territorial Legislature
of Utah refused to make any appropriation
for the expenses of the courts, for paying the
witnesses, jurors &c., and they refused for h
purpose ; and in that view this bill has been
reported in this form. I will read a letter from
the Attorney General on this subject, and also
an extract from one from the district, attorney:
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICK,
Washington, Decembo 14,1871.
Sir: I inclose the copy of a letter just received
from Mr. Bates, the newly appointed distiict attor-
ney of Utah, and call your special attention to his
remarks upon the subject of funds for the payment
of witnesses and jurors.
I understand the ditliculty to be this: the judges
of Utah have decided that prosecutions under ter-
ritorial law are to be conducted by the United States
district attorney, and the processes, Ac., are to he
enforced by the United States marshal, and not by
the territorial officers ; and the territorial Legis-
lature has therefore refused to appropriate funds
for paying jurors and witnesses, or tor the other
expenses of the courts. The usage in the past has
been for the United States to bear the expense of
prosecutions for violation of the laws of the United
States, and the territorial treasury to bear the other
expenses of holding the courts.
I am informed that theprosecutions against Young
and others are under the territorial laws.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. T. AKEHMAN,
Attorney General.
Hon. A. H. Cragin, United Slate* Senate*
I will now read an extract from the letter of
Mr. Bates, the district attorney, to the Attorney
General. After saying that he has had the
9th of January fixed for these trials, he says :
In the mean time let me advise you that the mar-
shal not only has not one cent of money to pay wit-
nesses, jurors, or the entire expenses of the court,
but is already in advance several thousands of dol-
lars for expenses heretofore incurred. How, then, is
it possible for the United States officers here to bring
into court the witnesses and jurors to properly pros-
ecute these defendants, who are rich, combined, and
able men? I pause for a reply. Brigham Young is
rich, he hasall the menns to pay his witnesses, jurors,
&e.; but the United States authorities here are pen-
niless, and a Mormon Legislature will never appro-
priate a cent. It seems to me that Congress should
at once be advised of the fact that there is not one
dollar here in the hands of the marshal to pay the
jurors, clerks, witnesses, and the expenses of the
great tiials. Cannot some means be devised to put
him in funds tomeetBrigham Young in court with the
necessary weapons to establish his guilt or to dem-
onstrate bis innocence? Please advise me how I am
to secure the witnesses against him.
Yours, truly, GEORGE C. BATES,
United States District Attorney, Utah.
I have also a letter here from Judge McKean,
which is to the same effect. Some parts of
the letter I do not care to read at present, but
it bears upon this point of the expenses of the
courts, and how the Mormon Legislature re-
fuse to make any appropriations for the pur-
pose, or where they do make them they arc
coupled with such conditions that tbey cannot
be applied. This bill was introduced last
March proposing to divert a portion of the
money which has been appropriated by Con-
gress to pay the mileage and per diem of this
very Legislature, for the purpose of furnishing
money to carry on these prosecutions—money
for the courts, simply to pay witnesses and
jurors.
This is a statement of the case in brief.
Much more might be said about it, but I leave
it wi.th what I have said.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I have some
morning business to present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ne-
braska rises with morning business, and that
is in the nature of an objection.
Mr. TIPTON. Is the presentation of bills
in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not yet;
reports of committees are still in order.
Mr. CRAGIN. Is there any objection to
the present consideration of the bill reported
by me?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nebraska rose to object, calling for
morning business.
CUSTOMS SERVICE.
Mr. FENTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 2) to regulate the service in
the collection of customs at the various ports
of entry in the United States, and the disposi
tion of fines, penalties, and forfeitures in-
curred under the laws relating to customs,
and for other purposes, to report it back with
amendments. And, Mr. President, 1 desire to
say that I will, at one o'clock on the second
Monday in January, on the reassembling of
the Senate after the holiday recess, move to
take up this bill with a view of submitting
some remaiks explanatory of the same.
TET.KORAPII SYRTHM
Mr. CHANDLER. I call the attention of
mv friend from Maine [Mr. Hamltx] to the
fact that the chairman of the Committee on
Post Office* and Post Roads [Mr. Ramsey] is
now present. 1 ask that the reference of the
resolution 1 submitted yesterday may be made
to the Committee on Commerce. The chair-
man of the Post Office Committee makes no
objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection, of
course, to (he direction the honorable Senator
desires the matter to lake, hut J cannot con-
sent to dispossess the Post Office Committee
of jurisdiction over questions which they have
already acquired.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not desire that,
but I want simply a report on the commercial
relations of the telegraph.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That matter
is not, now in order. If there be no further
reports the introduction of bills is next in
order.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a brll (S. No.
420) to confer jurisdiction on the Court of
Claims to hear and determine the suit ofCaron-
delet vs. the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
421) to grant to the State of Missouri all the
public lands within the State remaining un-
disposed of, for the benefit of the common
school fund of said State; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 422) to provide for a building for the use
of the post office, custom-house, united States
circuit and district courts, and internal reve-
nue offices at Albany, New York ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill(S. No.
428) for the relief of Julia A. Smith; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
424) to incorporate the Red River Raft Com-
pany; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi River, and ordered to be
printed.
CEMETERY HEAD-MARKS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Hesolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the present cost of
head-marks in our national cemeteries, the cost of
keeping the same in repair, and whether it would
not be more economical to supply such marks with
moro permanent materials.
CONDUCT OF PRESIDENT GRANT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I offer a resolu-
tion, and I ask the courtesy of the Senate that
I may read it myself, for information :
Resolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment inquire, ascertain, and report
whether Ulysses S. Grant, President of the United
States, now has, or heretofore has had, any interest,
certsiin or contingent, in any contract to do work for
the United States, or to furnish any material to be
used in any public building; and if he has, or has
had, any such interest, whether it came to him by
puichase or gift. That said committee inquire,
ascertain, and report whether any persona have
made donations of money or property to tho Pres-
ident, and he has bestowed upon the donors, or their
relations, offices or places of public trustand profit;
and if so, the name.-; of the donors and of the per-
sons on whom such oflices or trusts were bestowed,
designating the trust or office in each case. That
said committee also inquire, ascertain, and report
whether the President has bestowed any oflices or
places of public trust or profit on his relations, or
the relatives of any member of his family; and, if
so. the name? of all such persons, the offices and
trusts bestowed upon them, and their relationship
to the Pi evident or member of his family. That
said committee also inquire, ascertain, and report
whether there has been any contract, arrangement,
or understanding by or among any officers or per-
sons in the civil, military, or naval service of the
United States, that they or others were to have any
part or interest in any money, bonds, land, or other
properly, to be paid or acquired consequent upon
any treaty between the republic of Dominica and
the United States; and if so, the names of all such
persons, and the nature of their connection with the
affair; and whether the ships, sailors, or marine
forces of the United States have taken any part in
tiiecontlictbelweenBaez and Oabral ,or did any act to
favor o i tnjuretliecausc of either ; and if so, what was
the part or act, and by whatauthority ororderdone.
Ami thac said committee also inquire, ascertain,
and report whether the President and heads of De-
partments, or any of them, havo absented themselves
from Washington city and the performance of their
respective duties to make electioneering excursions
and speeches through the country, and to spend
their time at places of pleasure and dissipation ;
and if so, how frequent were such absences by those
officers or any of them, and how long did each con-
tinue. And in prosecuting these several inquiries
said committee is empowered to send for persons and
papers.
I ask for the present consideration of this
resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks unanimous consent
for the present consideration of this resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for in-
formation from the desk, so that we can all
bear it. I rather like it so far as I was able to
hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The_ reso-
lution will be read, if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That resolution is so
important, and so useful, that I think it ought
to be printed, and have an amendment made
to it providing for an inquiry also into the
absence of Senators touching the subject of
their own or other elections; and therefore I
think it had better lie over and be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made to its present consideration, the
• resolution will lie over under the rules.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask thatit be
printed.
