1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
pass this bill authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to do wjiat he can to facilitate the bring-
ing of the mails. I am sure there will be no
objection to the bill. It simply authorizes the
Postmaster General to make some arrange-
ment for the transmission of the mails through
the blockade.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SCHURZ. If this bill can be passed
in five or ten minutes, I shall certainly have
no objection.
Mr. COLE. I think it can be in less than
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri can resume the floor at any
time. The Chair will recognize him as against
any other Senator.
Mr. TIPTON. I do not understand why we
should be so anxious to act upon this question
this morning. The season of heavy snow has
passed over for this year; and whatever the
obstructions were the Union Pacific Railroad
Company had every pecuniary inducement to
urge them, as soon as it was possible, to transmit
the mails as well as other freight. Now, if they
have been derelict in their duty, that can be
settled, I suppose, as a matter of damages be-
tween them and the Government; but we all
know that whatever the energy of men can do
will now be done for the purpose of obviating
the possibility of any charges of neglect on their
part. I do not think, therefore, there is any
necessity for urging this bill through this
morning, as they are making every effort that
men can make for the purpose of carrying the
mails to the point of termination. I trust the
Senator from Missouri will resume the floor,
and that we shall attend to this matter on
another occasion.
Mr. CORBETT. I trust the Senator from
Nebraska does not wish to prevent the Post-
master General from making some other
arrangement for the transmission of the mails
around the blockade, provided he can do so;
and this bill simply authorizes him to make
some provision of that kind. We are not get-
ting our mails regularly, and I hope the bill
will be taken up and passed without any oppo-
sition.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This bill cannot be
considered if there is a single objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot except
by laying on the table the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and then pro-
ceeding to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Objection has been
made, and I protest against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina objects to any further debate,
unless the Senator from California tests the
sense of the Senate by a motion to lay on the
table the pending question.
Mr. COLiE. I apprehend in that case more
than five minutes might be consumed in debate
this morning ; but I give notice that I will call
up the bill to-morrow morning in the morning
hoar, and I hope by that time my friends from
Nebraska will have ascertained that these
companies are not doing their duty and that
the mails are nnneeessarilv delayed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
California withdraws his request.
arkansas kiver bridge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points as the committee of conference ordered
this morning on the bill (S. No. 245) amenda-
tory of an act authorizing the construction of
a bridge across the Arkansas river the Sena-
tor fmm Michigan, Mr. Chanm/er, the Sen-
ator from Vermont, Mr. Edmunds, and the
Senator from Kentucky, Mr. Stevenson.
The Senator from Arkansas, Mr. Rice, who
has charge of the bill, declined to serve on
the conference, which is the reason why the
Chair did not appoint him.
message from tiib house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bills; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1213) defining the rights
of part owners of vessels in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 1658) to establish certain
post routes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1659) to relieve Edward
White, of St. Louis, Missouri, from disabilities
under the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution; and
A bill (H. R. No. lSo1?) to amend section
two act of August 30, 1852, in relation to
the transportation and exportation of imported
goods, wares, and merchandise in bond through
certain ports in the State of Texas.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for the printing of
twelve thousand extra copies of the first eight
tables of the census report; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. R. No. 1213) defining the rights
of part owners of vessels in certain cases—to
the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 1658) to establish post
routes—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 1659) to relieve Edward
White, of St. Louis, Missouri, from disabili-
ties under the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution—to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The bill (H. R. No. 1657) to amend section
two act of August 30, 1852, in relation to
the transportation and exportation of im-
ported goods, wares, and merchandise in bond
through certain ports in the State of Texas—
to the Committee on Commerce.
printing of census tables.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives, which was
referred to the Committee on Printing :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed in muslin covers twelve thousand extra
copies of the first eight tables of the census report,
of winch seven thousand shall be for the use of the
House, thirty-five hundred for the Senate, and fif-
teen hundred for the Census Bureau.
sales of arms to french agents.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Sumner, on
the 12t,h instant, to raise a select committee
to inquire into the circumstances of certain
sales of arms and ordnance stores.
Mr. FENTON. I rise, Mr. President, to
ask the consent of the Senate that ladies who
are unable to gain admission to the galleries
may have the liberty to occupy the cloak-rooms
during the session of the Senate to-day. We
know that large numbers are here, attracted
by the interesting address expected to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York asks unanimous consent that
the ladies who cannot obtain admission to the
galleries may be allowed to occupy the cloak-
rooms of the Senate. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears no objection, and that order
will be made. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
execute the order.
Mr. SCHURZ addressed the Senate in re-
marks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, with the
exception of the declamation to which we
have listened in the conclusion of the speech,
and some declamatory matter that appeared
at intervals all through it, this speech in point
of argument is but a repetition of the speech
which the Senator made on last Thursday.
If I remember correctly, he has cited but one
new piece of evidence of a documentary char-
acter, and it was that which he purported to
read from the evidence of Le Cesne before
the court in France. The passage that the
Senator purported to read from the evidence
of Le Cesne was to the effect that ho had
negotiated directly with the Government of
the United States in the purchase of arms. I
assume that the Senator translated correctly
from the French paper.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will have
the original, I will give him the French.
Mr. MORTON. But I will assume further-
more that the evidence introduced by the Sen-
ator himself in the letter to Remington shows
that the statement of Le Cesne is an absolute
falsehood, and the Senator's own statements
on last Thursday in his former speech, which
I have before me, also convict that statementas
being absolutefalsehood. I can dispose of that
whole statement, and that is the only thing in
the Senator's speech which was not brought
here before, by a reference to the other doc-
umentary evidence that the Senator brought
forward, and by his own statement completely
exonerating the Secretary of War. If the
Senator told the truth, or made correct state-
ments, if his documentary evidence is to be
relied on, then the statement of Le Cesne is
absolutely false, and we know it is false, for it
has never been pretended throughout this de-
bate before by the Senator, or by the Senator
from Massachusetts, that the French Govern-
ment had negotiated directly with ours.
The Senator says that there has been an
attempt made in the Senate to dismiss this
inquiry by a crack of the party whip. I ap-
peal to every Senator on this floor, I appeal
to the Globe, I appeal to all who have been
present at theso debates, that this is not only
untrue, but is directly the reverse of the truth.
Nobody has proposed to resist this inquiry.
I have intended from the first to vote for it.
Nobody has proposed to put it off, and it
would have been voted without a word of de-
bate but for the Senators themselves who have
made this debate. It was brought forward as
a resolution with a long preamble reciting
facts that we cannot vote for. I undertake to
say there are not ten Senators on this floor
who will vote for that preamble, because
it recites the very things to be proven. It
assumes in the beginning ihe very things to
be investigated. The preamble is false. We
know that much of it is false. But even if it
is true, it has not been proven to be so. We
could not vote for the preamble without voting
the things to be true that are proposed to be
investigated. It is an absurdity upon its face.
But so far as the investigation is concerned,
there has been no word of opposition offered
to it here, and that part of the resolution
would have been voted without debate but for
the Senators themselves.
Now, who made this discussion ? It was not
made by myself or the Senator from New York
or the Senator from Iowa. We did not begin
it. We simply replied. The Senators from
Massachusetts and Missouri were not content
to have this resolution go to a committee, but
they must make their speeches in advance to
poison the minds of the country ; and why?
Because they did not expect this investigation
to result in anything, and the party capital was
to be made in the beginning. The party capital
was not in the investigation, but in the speeches.
The Senator says they forced investigation,
alluding to that senatorial cabal, upon the New-
York custom-house. Is that true? Let me
state in all frankness the truth about that whole
controversy before the holidays. A resolu-
tion was offered here to appoint a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses, to consist of four
members of the Senate and seven members
of the House, to be appointed by the Presiding
Officers of the two Houses. It was well under-
stood that that committee would be appointed
according to the recognized etiquette of the
two Houses, as recognized by the Presiding
Officers thereof, and under that etiquette a
majority of the members of that committee in
the Senate would have been the enemies of
the Administration, three members in the
House would have been the enemies of the
