THE CONGRESSIONAL GliOBS.
February 20,
Administration, and a majority of the whole
committee, Organized in that way, would hare
been enemies of the Administration ; and we
were asked to appoint 'the committee in that
way, ,with power to send for persons- and
papers, and to sit during vacation.
We were asked to create a smelling com-
mittee to be set upon the President from that
time until the election, just as you would put
a detective upon a suspected criminal. No
sensible party would do that. We did not
do it. We created a committee that was
denounced as being a whitewashing commit-
tee ; but it has already vindicated itself. Now
1 see Senators smiling; but I want to say that
they spoke at great length on that question;
their speeches have gone to the country as
Democratic documents. The speech made
here to-day is to be published as a Democratic
campaign document. It is possible that two
or three of those Senators may make speeches
on the other side before the election comes
on. They will not have as large a circulation
though, and will not, perhaps, have as wide
an influence.
The investigation of the New York custom-
house was carried on under a resolution offered
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conk-
Lisa.] I voted for it, as did every friend of
this Administration. I say with regard to
every investigation that has been made it has
been voted for, and not only voted for, but
voted for willingly, and the only offense we
have committed was this: that we were not
willing to organize a committee the majority
of which were the enemies of this Admin-
istration, and to give them the power to throw
mud upon it from that time until the election,
and becausc we would not do that, we have
been calumniated all over the country. We
did organize a fair and an honest committee.
Wo will investigate everything that has been
or can be asked for by any Senator upon this
floor, I care not what side he may be on ; and
this inquiry would have been voted without
fifteen minutes' delay if it had not been that
the Senators on the other side were determined
to debate it and to take the time of the Senate.
We have now spent nearly ten days on this
resolution, and who is to blame? Not the
friends of the Administration. We have not
been fighting it, but we have been simply
repelling the statements that were made in
advance, and that were designed to affect pub-
lic opinion, and because we chose to say aword
in defense of this Administration and to repel
the infinite number of calumnies, we are called
"henchmen." Iam independent, and I am
independent enough to defend an honest
Administration.
When a man loses his independence he
then feels compelled to assault the Adminis-
tration, to convert all good into evil, to believe
nothing good of it. Who are the most inde-
pendent? Here is an Administration that can
be assaulted only upon personal grounds, by
falsehood and calumny ; and because the hon-
est friends of the Republican party, the men
who believe that the Republican party is val-
uable to this country and desire to preserve it,
stand up from time to time to defend this Ad-
ministration against these infamous assaults,
we are called '• party henchmen." I care not
for the Senator's epithets. And it is said that
we are clinging to the skirts of power for pat-
ronage. Ah! So far as that Senator is con-
cerned, let me say right here that up to the
time he fell out with the Administration he
had made quite as many recommendations for
office as 1 had; he had obtained as many
appointments as L had. I will not state the
fact upon my own authority, but I have heard
it said, and I have reason to believe it is true,
that even his personal difficulty with this
Administration arose out of the removal of
his friends from office.
Mr. SCHURZ rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Indiana yield?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. I authorize the Senator
from Indiana to tell everybody who tells him
so, on my own authority and on my own re-
sponsibility, that he lies.
Mr. MORTON. Ah, Mr. President!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana will pause. The Senator from Indi-
ana made a remark just now as to "infamous
assaults." The Chair supposed then that he
meant the remark to be general, not referring
specifically to assaults here;
Mr. MORTON. I was referring to the gen-
eral course-pursued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
supposed.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says the man
who told me so lies. That may be; but 1 am
not convinced by that strong statement, nor
am I overwhelmed by the Senator's manner
here. The Senator mistakes himself. If it is
parliamentary, I may be allowed to say that he
is slightly overgrown. When he stood up here
awhile ago and called upon me from my seat
to answer him categorically, yes or no, it may
not be parliamentary to say so, but if it was, I
should say that the manner was characterized
by extreme insolence for which I have extreme
contempt. 1 never treat Senators in that way.
I never have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the remark of the Senator from Indiana with
a personal application is scarcely within the
parliamentary rule.
Mr. MORTON. If it is not, I regret it.
So much now in regard to the refusal to invest-
igate ; and I want to say, to follow a not very
good example, that whenever anybody outside
of the Chamber says that the friends of the
Administration—I will change it—that Repub-
lican Senators on this floor are opposed to
investigation, I authorize the Senator to say
to that man that the statement is false, and
that the falsehood can be established by the
Globe and by every person who has heard
these discussions from first to last. Sir, truth
is valuable at all times, and it should be told
always upon the floor of the Senate of the
United States, and if the public mind cannot
be fired against the Republican party and
against this Administration except by repeat-
ing continually that we are opposed to investi-
gation, in the_ faee of all we say, in the face
of all we do, in the face of the avowed pur-
pose of this Administration, then the public
mind should not be excited at all.
I am not confining myself simply to this res-
olution, Mr. President; I am referring to
what has gone before, and I make this broad
statement: that the stories sent out through
this country that Republican Senators on this
floor have been opposed to investigation of
alleged corruptions are calumnies, and every
man familiar with the proceedings of the Sen-
ate this session knows them to be such.
Now, Mr. President, what was the object
of this debate, of those who made this debate?
It was to draw these crowds here; it was to
excite the whole country; it was to make cap-
ital against the Republican party. That was
the object of itj and if we have sinned in any
respect, it is simply because we have not sat
still and allowed these speeches to go on from
day to day without reply. I will not suffer
myself to be put in the wrong. I put the re-
sponsibility where it belongs. I say this whole
occasion is manufactured ; it is gotten up by
a long previous arrangement; that this whole
charge is false from beginning to end; that
the evidence which is brought here to support
it is trifling. But whether false or not, we
were willing to have it investigated. But they
must bring the whole thing before the country
at once because they thought that after this
investigation was once begun it would amount
to nothing; but if they could excite the coun-
try in advance in order to carry out political
purposes, they would have gained their object'
Mr. President, the Senator says that the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling] and
myself liave offered a great insulfato the Ger-
man Government. The Senator is now swift
to vindicate the German Government. He is
the protector of its honor. He tells us that
twenty years ago he was in the insurrectionary
army of southern Germany. I do not know
how he got there, and I do not know how hi
got out. I do not know much about the laurels
achieved in that army; but I do not see that
the character of the German Government has
changed very much since that time; and if he
was in arms then against that Government, I
do not understand how he comes forward now
particularly as its champion.
I said the other day that this whole move-
ment was designed to excite the Germans of
this country against this Administration. Can
anybody doubt the truth of that statement?
Is not this simply a presidential move, and is
not his speech an appeal to the prejudices and
to the feelings of our German fellow-citizens?
Mr. President, the purpose of the Senator is
to separate the Germans in this country from
the Americans, to get them together and hold
them as a balance of power to control the
elections. In 1854, when the Know-Nothing
movement sprang up, I was opposed to it in
principle; I had no connection with it what-
ever; and I am opposed to Know-Nothingism
now. The attempt to array Americans against
citizens of foreign birth is Know-Nothingism,
and the attempt to array Germans against men
of native birth is Know-Nothingism of the
worst kind.
Will the Senator yield to
Mr. SCHURZ.
me for a moment?
Mr. MORTON.
Mr. SCHURZ.
Certainly.
Does not the Senator know
that there is probably no man in this country
who, whenever a suggestion was made prac-
tically for the formation of any political
organization founded upon nationality, or for
any movement that was tending to separate
nationalities in this country, has more strenu-
ously and actively opposed it than his humble
servant?
Mr. MORTON. Weil, Mr. President, of
course the Senator makes his statement; I
am not here to call in question what he says,
except so far as I may question it by his
course, his course in regard to this resolution,
his course for the last eighteen months; and
I tell the Senator that looking at his political
history for the past eighteen months, it does
make this impression upon my mind and upon
the mind of the country, that he is making an
effort to segregate the German vote from the
Republican party, that he may wield it as a
balance of power, and that in doing that he
has dishonored his German fellow-citizens,
and that it is the very worst form of Know-
Nothingism.
The Senator has not said that, he owned the
Germans. He does not; he says to-day he
does not; but I undertake to say that the
impression has been constantly made for the
last eighteen months that he conld control the
Germans. He has seemed to convey that idea
by his own conduct. His friends have said that
where he went the Germans would follow him.
That has been the impression which has been
attempted to be made, that whenever he took
snuff all the Germans in this country would
sneeze, and that they would follow him from
the Republican into the Democratic party or
wherever he chose to lead them. I am a bet-
ter friend to the Germans to-day than he is if
he intends to make that impression. I respect
them more highly than he does, because I
believe that thing cannot be done.
I have had much to do with them since I
have been in political life. As the Governor
of Indiana and during the war I appointed
many of them to military offices. They were
upon my staff. I was constantly surrounded
by them. I found them to bo able, intelli-
gent, and patriotic. I trusted them, and I was
never betrayed by them. I have groat reSpeot
