2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
section, I change my motion, and move to
strike out the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment, which
is adding that section; and an equivalent
motion cannot be put.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then let us take
the vote on the question of concurring or not
concurring, and after that I will move a recon-
sideration if necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey withdraws his motion. The
question is on concurring with the action of
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole in
adding the second section, as it is called, to
the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cameron.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 82, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Carpenter,
Casserly, Clayton, Conkliriir. Cooper, Fenton, }?re-
linghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Kelly,
Logan, Morton, Norwood, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman,
Spencer. Stevenson, Thurinan. Trumbull, Viokers,
West. Wnnlom, and Wright—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Edmund?, Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,
Patterson, Kamsey, Scott, Sprasue, and Stewart—17.
"ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cragin, Davis ofKentueky, Davis of West Virginia,
J?erry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Porne-
roy, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Tipton, and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I now, in ac-
cordance with the statement that I made, move
a reconsideration of the vote just taken, in
order that I may move the amendments which
I have suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey moves to reconsider the vote
by which the second section was added to the
bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. If this motion to recon-
sider is merely for the purpose of enabling
the Senator to test the question on silk and
earthenware, I hope it will be done to give
him that opportunity. I think there was an
understanding of that kind.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It was my under-
standing that to avoid time we would take
the vote on the whole section, presuming that
there would be of course'a reconsideration in
case it prevailed in order that the section might
be amended. I so stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if
there has been a misapprehension, to allow the
Senator to submit whatever amendments he
desires by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Perhaps the Senator from
New Jersey can have unanimous consent to
move his amendments. It will not do to make
I his vote a test question. If the Senator relied
on this understanding we must vote on a ques-
tion of courtesy and not a question of the tariff.
I hope he may have common consent to submit
his amendments.
Mr. MORTON. I hope so.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec
tion to the suggestion of the Senator from New
York and the Senator from Ohio? The Chair
hears none, and the Senator from New Jersey
is entitled to move his amendments, if the
amendments should fail, the Chair will under-
stand then that, the second section has been
added to the bill without amendment. If
they should prevail, the question will recur on
adding the section as amended. The Chair
also understands that the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthost] desires the third sec-
tion to follow the second and be reserved until
the second shall be decided upon. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey will now indicate his
amendments, separately or together, as he
desires.
Mr. MORTON. Let us take them sepa-
rately.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to strike
out the fifteenth and sixteenth lines, which
refer to silk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words to be
stricken out will be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. The words proposed to
be stricken out are as follows:
On all the manufactures of silk which are now
subject to a duty of sixty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word.
As the manufacture of silk has j ust been
established under very interesting circum-
stances. with -large prospects for tbe future,
and as silk can scarcely be regarded as a neces-
sary, and must be regarded more in the char
acter of a luxury, on which, according to our
general theory, the highest duties should be
placed, I shall vote for the Senator's motion
to strike this from the operation of the ten
per cent, reduction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey to strike out from the second section
the paragraph in regard to silk.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 2-1; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cajdwell, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Ilar-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Moi ton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer, Seott,
Sprague, Stewart, West, Wilson, and Windom—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cooper, Fen ton, Gilbert. Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Kellogg,
Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Schurz, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Thurinan, Trumbull, Vickers, and
Wright—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Clayton,
Conkling, Davis ot Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Ferrv of Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite,
Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pool,
Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stockton, Sum-
ner, and Tipton—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. _ FRELINGHUYSEN. I now move
to strike out the twenty-third and twenty-
fourth lines, included within the notice which
I gave, referring to earthenware and glass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey moves to strike ou.t from
the second section the paragraph in regard
to earthenware, glass, &c. Does any Sena-
tor desire that the paragraph be read? [•' No,
no."] If not, the question is on the motion
to strike out that paragraph.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the para-
graph read. It is very short.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out:
On all earthenware, glass and glassware, and on
oil unwrought pipe-clay,fire-clay, kaolin, and ful-
ler's earth.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
indulge me for a moment. This earthenware
is a very heavy article, and is now under very
high duty ; and it does seem to me that while
the Senate is evidently disposed to indulge the
Senator from New Jersey, earthenware can
stand reduction as well as any other article.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. How high is the
duty ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is used by every-
body.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have reduced the
duty on the raw material.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The raw mate-
rial is clay, which is found in this country.
There is no duty on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The pipes are reduced.
The duly is twenty-five and thirty-five per cent.
I think.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The duty is
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; fifteen cents
higher than the duty of the tariff of 1846.
There are one hundred potteries in Pennsyl-
vania and New Jersey, of which forty are now
idle. These potteries were started under the
influence and the stimulus that was given to
business by the high premium on gold and the
demand which' existed during the war, and
now they are languishing, and if you take off
this ten per cent, you close up those manufac-
tories.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not mistaken.
The great item here is not the earthenware so
much as the glassware. Glassware is a very
large item, and the duty ranges as high as thirty
to forty and fifty percent. I think the Senator
ought to be satisfied.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is not a
question for a Senator to be satisfied. It
makes no difference to me. The gentleman
speaks here as if a personal favor to me was
involved in this vote. There are hundreds
and thousands of operatives whose living
depends on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have now the tariff be-
fore me. "Earthenware, brownand common,"
is twenty-five percent. " On all other earthen,
stone, or crockery ware, white, glazed, edged,
printed, pointed, dipped, or cream-colored,
composed of earthy or mineral substances not
otherwise provided for, forty percent, ad valo-
rem." Glassware is from forty to fifty per
cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out the paragraph "earthenware,
glass and glassware," &c., from the second
section.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Alcorn answered to his name.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I was going to
propose, at the request of some Senators, to
separate the motion, to take the vote first on
earthenware. That I have a right to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
moves, then, to strike out "earthenware" alone,
so that it will read, " on all glass, glassware,"
&c.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a point of order.
There ha.s been a response to the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was simul-
taneous with the rising of the Senator from
New Jersey, but the Chair thinks the Secretary
had tbe response. The Chair must therefore
refuse to entertain the modification if the Sen-
ator from Illinois insists on the point.
Mr. LOGAN. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
had a response to the call before the Chair
recognized the Senator from New Jersey.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the call
of the roll; and the result was announced—
yeas 14, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Chandler, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelmghuysen, Osborn, Ramsey, Scott,
Sprague, and Stockton—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
JNorwood, Patterson, Rice. Sehurz, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Stewart, Thurman, Trumbull, Vick-
ers. West, Windom, and Wright—36.
ABbENT Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Clayton, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nyo, Pomeroy, Pool
Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sumner, Tin-
ton, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs oil concurring in the section as
amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. It has been agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
garded as agreed to, and the third section,
unless some Senator demands a division,
(which the Senator from Khode Island re-
served to await the result on the second sec-
tion,) wiil also be regarded as agreed to,
Mr. S1 & WART. 1 have an amendment-
which I think is germane.
Mr. E H15LIN GHUi SEN. I desire, with
the consent of the Senate, to finiyh the amend-
ment of which I gave notice.
