1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3821
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICIiEY, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 1541, making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes, with a recommendation that some
of the amendments be concurred in and others
non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
these amendments of the Senate will be con-
sidered in the House as in Committee ot the
Whole, under the five-minutes rule. If no ob-
jection be made, as the amendments are read,
the recommendations of the Committee on
Appropriations will be considered .is agreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
strike out " $4,350,000" and insert " $4,000,-
000," in the following clause:
And of stationery, including blank-books for the
quartermaster's department, certificates for dis-
charged soldiers, blank forms for the pay and quar-
termaster's departments, and tor printing of division
and department orders and reports, $4,360,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The SPEAKER. The question will be upon
concurring ill the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was not concurred in, there
being, upon a division—ayes twenty-nine, noes
not counted.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was
to strike out " $450,000 " and insert "$300,-
000," in the following clause :
For purchase of horses for the cavalry and artil-
lery, and for ludian scouts, and for sueh infantry as
may be mounted, $450,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The question was taken upon concurring;
and upon a division there were—ayes 41, noes
58; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. As there is $150,000 at
stake in this amendment, and as the Senate
nevei makes a mistake in the line ol economy,
I must call for tellers on concurring in this
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Appropriations ought to explain the reason
why they recommend non concurrence or con-
currence in these amendments.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 have looked in vain to
find in the Senate debate any reason assigned
for this amendment, and none could he found.
The appropriation in the House bill is the
satne as the appiopriation made last year for
the same purpose, including the deficiency.
There was no reason assigned in the Senate
tor cutting down this appropriation. The
appropriation made by the House is according
to the estimate of last year and the deficiency
passed by the House during the present ses-
sion.
There seems to have been an effort in the
Senate to cut down these appropriations indis-
criminately and without reason, so as to make
a good showing I suppose, and with the expect-
ation of coming in next year with a large defi-
ciency bill. I do not believe that that is good
or honest policy. 1 think that this Adminis-
tration is bound to make proper estimates and
to take the responsibility of those estimates.
There are the same number of men in the
Army this year that there were last year ; the
same number of cavalry horses; the same
requirement for forage; everything in the
Army is precisely the same this year that it
was last; and there is no reason why the
appropriation should be reduced. It is not
proper, it is not honest to attempt to cut down
an appropriation when we know that it will
result in a deficiency next year.
Mr. FAHNSWOIU'H. This appropriation
is not for the subsistence of horses or men.
Mr. DICKEY. It is lor the purchase of
horses,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is for the pur-
chase of horses for cavalry and artillery, and
for Indian scouts, &c. It is all for the pur-
chase of horses.
Mr. DICKEY. Exactly.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Now, there is no
sort of logic, it seems to me, in supposing
that the same number of horses must be pur-
chased for the Army every year.
Mr. DICKEY. Why not?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Becausc one year
it may be necessary, on account of casualties,
to remount a large portion of our cavalry,
while the next year, when there are not such
casualties, the cavalry may be all mounted.
Mr. DICKEY. They were already mounted
last year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then there is no
necessity for purchasing more horses.
Mr. DICKEY. This is to provide for
casualties.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me a
very unsafe rule that we must go on. year
after year purchasing $450,000 worth of horses
every year. I see no reason in such a thing.
Horses ordinarily last more than a year unless
there is some casualty.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted
on the division tellers will be ordered ; and the
Chair appoints the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Dickey, and the gentleman from
Indiana, Mr. Holman.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The fifth amendment of the Senate was read
as follows :
Strike out "$4,000,000" and insert "$3,500,000;"
so as to make the paragraph read as follows :
.For the transportation of the Army, including
baggage of the troops when moving either by land
or water; of clothing, camp and garrison equipage
from the depots of Philadelphia and Jeffersonville
to the several posts and Ariny depots, and lrotn
these depots to the troops in the field; of horse
equipments and of subsistence stores from the places
ot purchase, and from the places of delivery under
contract to such places as the circumstances ol the
service may require them to be sent; of ordnance,
ordnance stores, and small-arms from the founderies
and armories to tho arsenals, fortifications, lrontier
posts, and Army depots; lreight,wharfage, toll, and
ferriage; the purchase and lure of horses, mules,
oxen,and harness, and the purchase and repair of
wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships and other
sea-going vessels, and boats required for tho trans-
portationof supplies and for garrison purposes; for
drayage and cartag  at the several posts, hire
ol teamsters, transportation of funds for the pay
and other disbursing departments ; the expense ot
sailing public transports on the various rivers, the
Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific ; for
procuring water at sueh posts us, from their situa-
tion, require it to be brought from a distance ; and
for clearing roads and removing obstructions from
roads, harbors, and rivers to the extent which may
be required for the actual operations of the troops
in the field, $3,600,000, for one year.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Appro
priations recommend non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. D [CKE Y. The reason the Senate made
this reduction of $500,000 was that the com-
mittee had inserted an amendment repealing
the law with reference to railroad transporta-
tion, and compelling the companies to pay the
interest on their bonds, whereas under the
existing law the Government is only author-
ized to collect one half, the other half being
applied to payment for transportation by the
Government. The amendment repealing that
law was defeated, but the committee forgot to
restore this $500,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the Government
transportation on the Pacific railroads amount
to $500 000 annually?
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir.
The question being taken, the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The seventh amendment of the Senate was
read, as follows:
Strike out "$500,000" and insert "81,000,000;" so
as to make the paragraph read as follows:'
For hire of quarters for officers on military duty,
hire of quarters for troops, of storehouses for th#
safekeeping of military stares, of offices, and of
grounds for camps, and for summer cantonments,
and for temporary frontier stations; for the con-
struction of temporary huts and stables; and for
repairing public buildings at established posts,
$1,000,000.
The SPEAKER. TheCommitteeon Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. The peace policy adopted
in reference to the Indiana has rendered it
necessary to establish a military post upon
every Indian reservation for the protection of
the Indians against marauders, and from par-
ties who would sell them whisky. The Northern
Pacific railroad is now completing its road, and
it is necessary for the protection of the Indians
as well as the railroad to buildadditional posts
upon that line. The estimate of the Secretary
of War for this purpose was cut down by the
House committee $300,000. The Senate has
cut it down $500,000 more, without assigning
any reason for it. The Secretary of War
insists that this reduction will cripple the
operations of the Army in the Indian country.
In consequence of the policy which we have
adopted it has not only become necessary to
have military posts at strategic points for the
purpose of putting down armed hostility, but
it is necessary to have military posts wherever
we have an Indian reservation, so that the
Indians may be kept upon the reservation and
that bad white raen may be kept off. The
Secretary of War insists that this appropria-
tion is absolutely necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume the Senate
reached the very proper conclusion that the
protection of the Union Pacific and the Cen-
tral Pacific railroads should devolve on those
great corporations, in view especially of the
large grants of land and money made to them,
and the further fact that they do not pay any
interest upon their bonds.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman does not
apprehend the real state of the case. _ The
Northern Pacific railroad is now going in the
course of its construction into this Indian terri-
tory, and the construction of the road-into
that Indian territory is liable to lead to Indian
hostilities. This appropriation is necessary
for protection against Indian hostilities upon
the Yellowstone and throughout the country
from the Missouri to the Pacific.
Mr. HOLMAN. This appropriation is for
$1,500,000. The Senate have stricken out
$500,000, and left the appropriation at
$1,000,000, which 1 think is enough. I ask
for a division on the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to hearme for a moment.
I do not think either the gentleman or the
House gave the attention which it deserved to
one of the points made by my colleague on the
Committee on Appropriations, the gentleman
from Pensylvania, [Mr. Dickey.] The Indian
peace policy recommended by the President
of the United States requires that there shall
be a military post established at each one of
the Indian reservations, and therefore the
appropriation for the establishment of camps
and frontier stations must necessarily be in-
creased by the amount required to keep up
these posts upon Indian reservations. That
is a contingency of the service which cannot
be overlooked. The policy of the Govern-
ment makes this appropriation an absolute
necessity.
1 call the attention of the House to a further
fact, that it is manifest throughout the whole
bill the Senate have cut down without any
considerable regard to details.
Now, since this bill passed the Committee
on Appropriations they have had the Secre-
tary of War before them, and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] who is in
charge of this bill went over with the Secre-
tary all the items. The Committee on Ap-
propriations cut down the estimates of the Sec-
retary of W ar $300,000) beli&vi&g that auiouut
