1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
pardon. The Chair thought the Senator from
New Jersey bad concluded his amendments.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No, sir. In
lines seventeen, eighteen, and nineteen there
is another division in reference to cast steel.
I will not call for the yeas and nays oil the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey reserved also the seventeenth,
eighteenth, and nineteenth lines of the second
section, being the paragraph in regard to iron
and steel. He moves to strike out that, para-
graph from the section.
The motion to strike out was rejected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have one more
amendment, to strike out the twenty-second
line, in the woids "on all metals not
herein otherwise provided for."
The motion to strike out was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second sec-
tion is adopted, the paragraph in regard to
silks being stricken from it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the third section
• adopted ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third sec-
tion is also adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I send to the Chair an
amendment to come in at the end of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the pending
amendment, read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to move to put a
head on the bill; we are working on the other
end. [Laughter.]
ITie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada has moved an amendment, the con-
tents of which have not yet been disclosed. It
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Stewart, as follows :
That all machinery imported exclusively for the
manufacture of sugar from beets, and suitable for no
other purpose, shall be free of duty for the period
of three years from the passage of this act.
Mr. STEWART. I will just say, in expla-
nation of that, that the time was extended
when this expeiiment was made in Illinois.
They introduced some there, and it did not
succeed. They have tried the same experi-
ment in California with two establishments
there, which has been a complete success.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not want any
protection if they have succeeded.
Mr. STEWART. It has been a success in
the way of showing that it can be done. It is
thought if they can have a little encourage-
ment that this will be an important industry.
In the course of three years there will be but
little machinery brought in; but there will be
enough to give it a start.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no necessity for
the passage of this amendment. It is already
the law:
"From and after the passage of this resolution
machinery for the manufacture of beet sugar, im-
ported for that purpose only, shall be exempt from
duty."
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, we have
been voting sometimes at odd purposes upon
this bill, I think for the purpose of arriving at
a point which all of us desire. We have now,
I believe, got at that point, where we have
adopted all of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance except the head, which has
been cut off. It occurs to me that the bill will
be more symmetrical, that its form and pro-
portions will be much jnore beautiful, and that
there will be very much better statesman-
ship now if we take the first section of their
bill, which we have omitted, and put it back
where the committee had it when the bill was
reported. I do not know that it will get any
more vbtes than it got when the distinctive
motion was made to strike out tea and coffee;
but I want the privilege at least of voting for
it by myself,-and for that purpose I propose
now to strike out the first section of this bill
as it stands before us, and to insert in lieu of
it the first section of the bill as reported by
the Committee on Finance, with the simple
change which I will proceed to indicate. I
inquire of the chairman of the committee
whether the three paragraphs commencing on
page 5, line eighty-eight, do not embrace a
class of articles not now enumerated in any
tariff ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The clauses to which
the Senator refers are the only clauses in
the bill which increase duties. Those three
clauses do increase the duties, in order to bring
them up to what was supposed to be fair and
right.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask the Senator from
Maine a question. Hisamendment, offered m
its present form as a substitute for the first
section, has the effect to restore tea to a duty
of ten cents and coffee to two cents.
Mr. HAMLIN. It does precisely that. I
offer it as it is with thoffie clauses stricken out.
I strike them out for the purpose of avoiding an
objection which by possibility may be raised
in the other House with those clauses in, that
would not be raised if those clauses were out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The .Senator strikes out
rice, I understand.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have left rice in.
Mr. SAWYER. At the proper time I shall
move to amend the amendment of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. If it is the Senator's wish,
I will at his suggestion so modify my amend-
ment as to strike out rice.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like that.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will so modify it as to
strike out lines thirty-two, thirty-three, and
thirty-four, and I also strike out the last three
paragraphs. If this amendment should be
adopted, the bill will then go to the other
House with no part of the schedule which
increases the duty upon any article above
what is now provided by law; and I think it
obviates, or may obviate one objection that
might be raised in the House if the last three
paragraphs were retained.
I have no disposition to discuss this ques-
tion. I have listened to all the wisdom, and I
have come to believe that I know more about
the tariff than any other subject in the world,
but then I believe that I know less; and
therefore I have only stated the reason why
I offer the amendment, and I submit it to the
Senate for its vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to strike out the first sec-
tion of this bill, which is the House bill, with
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, making tea and coffee free, and to
insert in lieu thereof the first section of the
report of the Committee on Finance, in House
bill No. 173, excluding from it the three par-
agraphs in regard to rice, and the three para-
graphs in regard to iron wire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that open to amend-
ment? If it is amendable I wish to move to
strike out tea and coffee from the amendment
and see if the Senate will stick to what it has
once determined. If not, I shall vote against
this amendment, which 1 hope we shall m that
event vote down, though I would vote for it
if it did not include tea and coffee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
strike out and insert is by special rule of the
Senate indivisible ; but the part proposed to
be inserted can certainly be amended. The
Senator from Vermont moves to amend the
words proposed to be inserted by the Senator
from Maine, by omitting therefrom tea and
coffee, in which respects the section now reads
ten cents and two cents per pound.
Mr. POME ROY. Do 1 understand the
Chair to say that the motion of the Senator
from Vermont can be voted upon before the
motion of the Senator from Maine?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if that has the effect
to make tea and coffee free, because if the
amendment still stands as a substitute for the
first section, which does make tea and coffee
free, the first section is gone entirely,-whether
those words are stricken out or not. What
the Senator from Vermont wants to do is to
keep tea and coffee free ; but he does not do
that by his motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My good friend will
understand that I cannot (as he can) do more
than one thing at a time. The only motion I
can now make is to perfect this amendment
of the Senator from Maine by striking tea
and coffee from it. If we then agree to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, as amended, we shall then have a pro-
vision leaving tea and,coffee out altogether.
Then if some further words are necessary to
put them on the free list, we will put them in
if the Senate wishes to do so; I do.
Mr. MOR TON. That would leave the pres-
ent duty of fifteen cents on tea.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
the effect if both motions should prevail. If
the amendment to the amendment and the
amendment as amended should prevail, it would
leave tea and coffee untouched by this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I canuot make more
than one motion at a time.
Mr. HILL. I rise to make an inquiry as to
the motion of the Senator from Maine. I did
not understand the Chair to state that it ex-
tended so far as the Senator from Maine seems
to have carried out, and that was, not only to
embrace the subjects of tea-and coffee, which
were to be strickeu out from this section, but
also rice in lines thirty-two aud thirty-three,
and also the paragraphs beginning at line
eighty-eight on page 5, including iron-wire
cloth, and extending down to line ninety-four.
I inquire whether the motion embraces all these
subjects at one time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state it. The Senator from Maine moves
to strike out the first sectiou of the House bill
abolishing the duties on tea and coffee, as
amended by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
so as to fix the 1st of July ior the repeal to go
into effect, and to insert in its stead the whole
of the first section of the tariff bill reported
by the Committee on Finance except the three
lines in regard to rice and the three paragraphs
in regard to iron-wiie cloth, &c., at the end
of the section, pending which the Senator from
Vermont moves to amend the part proposed
to be inserted by striking therefrom tea and
coffee.
Mr. COLE. When that is passed upon, I
shall move to amend the amendment by insert-
ing the three lines relative to rice, if I have the
opportunity.
Mr CONKLING-. As there is a good deal
of inquiry of the Chair as to the effect of this
vote, let me inquire what will be the effect of
the contrary vote? If we vote down the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
and vote down the amendment of the Senator
from Maine/ then I take it tea and coffee will
remain free, and the bill will stand as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tea and coffee
will remain free, and the second, tiiiid, fourth,
and fifth sections of the Finance Committee's
report will be incorporated in the bill, but the
first section will not be. Tlic question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
to the-amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and the
Secretary procee'lt-d to call the roll.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think this vote
is understood, at least on this side of the
House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is somewhat
complicated, but the Chair has endeavored to
state it as distinctly as he could.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not complicated at
