1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that reference will be made.
treaties of peace commission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up the resolution which I offered a
few days ago simply referring a subject to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire whether .any, and if so
what, further or additional legislation is necessary
to carry into effect the several treaties made, and
the acts and recommendations of the peace commis-
sioners, so called, in pursuance of tlie act of Congress
approved July 20, 1867, entitled "An act to estab-
lish peace with certain hostile Indian tribes:" and
to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was adopted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox. its Clerk, announced
that the House had parsed a concurrent resolu-
tion to print twenty-five thousand copies of
the President's message on civil service reform.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred In the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R No. 459) for the construc-
tion of a public building at Chicago, Illinois.
enrolled bills signed,
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
'A bill (II. R. No. 459) for the construction
of a public building at Chicago, Illinois ;
A bill (II. R. No. 487) making appropria-
tions for expenses that may be incurred under
articles one to niue, inclusive, of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
concluded at Washington May 8, 1871; and
A bill (H. R. No. 489) making appropria-
tions for expenses incurred under articles
twelve to seventeen, inclusive, of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
concluded at Washington May 8, 1871.
civil service reform.
The following concurrent resolution from the
House of Representatives was referred to the
Committee on Printing :
Rexolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed twenty-five thousand copies of the Presi-
dent's messasc and accompanying documents, relat-
ing to civil service reform; fourteen thousand for the
use of the House, soven thousand for the Senate,
and four thousand for the Executive.
political disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now move that the
unfinished business of yesterday be laid aside
for the purpose of taking up House bill No.
380.
Mr. SCOTT. I rose last evening at the con-
clusion of the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Tiiurmajt,] desiring to reply to them
upon the question made as to the power of
the joint committee. I stated then, when the
motion was made to go into executive session,
that I did not desire to antagonize this meas-
ure against the bill which the Senator from
South Carolina has in charge; but, as I have
been charged with two of his constituents who
are giving me a great deal of trouble, 1 hope
he will permit me to dispose of that question.
I think we can do it in the course of half an
hour or an hour. I desire to reply briefly to
the Senator from Ohio. If it shall then be
the pleasure of the Senate to postpone the
resolution, of course I shall not complain : but
I deem it my duty, having it in charge, having
brought it before the Senate as early as the
6th of December, to insist on having it dis-
posed of.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the honorable
Senator will not ask me to yield.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
to conclude one sentence I was about stating?
When he rose I was about to rise and call the
atteution of the Chair to the fact that I sup-
posed I had the floor at the adjournment yes-
terday afternoon. I think perhaps I may be
mistaken in that, but I intended to rise to
speak to the question. Having stated the
position which I occupy in regard to it, and
my desire to have this business disposed of so
that it shall not hereafter be in the way of
important business of the Senate, I leave the
question in the hands of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is right. The Senator from Pennsylvania was
on the floor at the time of the adjournment
yesterday, but the Chair recognized the Sen
ator from South Carolina, not observing the
Senator from Pennsylvania on the floor.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the honorable Sen-
ator will consent to lay aside his resolution
for the present I do not suppose there will be
any objection to taking it up after this bill is
disposed of. I think we can get through with
this bill at an early hour. I do not propose
to make any speech about it, nor is this the
proper time to do so. I merely ask the Senate
to take it up and consider it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina moves that the pending
and all previous orders be postponed, and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 380) for the re-
moval of legal and political disabilities imposed
by the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States. The bill proposes to remove all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States on
persons therein mentioned, because of their
having engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or given aid or com-
fort to the enemies thereof, with the exception
of persons included in either of the following
classes, namely: first, members of the Congress
of the United States who withdrew therefrom
and aided the rebellion ; second, officers of
the Army or Navy of the United States who,
being above the age of twenty-one years, left
said Army or Navy and aided the rebellion ;
third, members of State conventions which
adopted pretended ordinances of secession who
voted for the adoption of such ordinances.
Before any person is to be entitled to the benefit
of the act he shall, within the district where
he resides, before a clerk of some court of the
United States or a United States commis-
sioner, take and subscribe an oath or affirma-
tion to support the Constitution of the United
States and to bear true faith and allegiance to
the same, which oath or affirmation is to be
forwarded by the officer to the Secretary of
State of the United States, who shall cause a
list of all persons complying with the provis-
ions of the act to be laid before Congress at
the opening of each session thereof; and the
officer before whom such oath or affirmation
is made is to give to the person taking it a cer-
tificate of the fact under such forms and regu-
lations as the Secretary of State may prescribe.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, the in
terest of the country demands the passage of
this bill. Go where you may m the South,
and every Republican of any prominence who
you meet will advocate the passage of an am-
nesty bill. I do not propose to make any speech
on the subject, as I stated my views upon it at
the last session; but, sir, the passage of this
bill will give the Republican party more strength
in the South than anything that has been done
since the war ended. I ask the fiionds of the
bill to show their allegiance to it by their votes
and not by their speeches. T want to obtain
the sense of the Senate upon it, and therefore
I shall not consume any time.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
bill for the removal of legal and political dis-
abilities now under consideration proposes to
open a door through which the great mass of
disloyal men may enter and again participate
in the administration of the Government which
they endeavored to destroy.
My views of the course which should now be
pursued are in some measure changed by the
action which Congress has already taken upon
this subject. In relieving men of their political
disabilities Congress does not appear to have
been governed by any well-established prin-
ciples, but by the wishes of the personal friends
of the guilty. We have relieved so many that
the Government is charged with injustice in
not extending the favor to others who are no
more guilty. Thet'«> is some ground for this
charge. When a large number are selected
from a class to be the recipients of govern-
mental clemency, others of that, class make a
strong plea for like consideration, and unless
there are special reasons, reasons which are
apparent and which clearly make it right to
bestow the favor upon the persons selected,
you cannot erase from the minds of men the
conviction that the Government has exercised
the pardoning power with partiality.
We are now in circumstances which, in my
judgment, render it necessary to extend relief
much further than would have been justifiable
a short time since—a necessity forced upon us
by the overflowing and superabundant sym-
pathy of generous conquerors for misguided
public enemies. This necessity induces me
to favor the bill under consideration, but if it
shall be materially changed I shall not vote
for it. It proposes to relieve the mass of
rebels, whom I would now welcome to every
right, to every privilege, to every position. I
would receive the-m either with or without
repentance, but with the hope (a hope based
upon desire rather than upon conviction) that
their release from merited punishment and
their full restoration to all the rights of citi-
zenship will inspire their hearts with loyalty
to the Government and cause them to be
truly the friends and supporters of republican
liberty.
But here I enter a caveat to stay further pro-
ceedings. I do it now because some of the
friends of this measure have'expressed a desire
that relief should be universal, and regard this
bill as an important step toward securing that
result. That result should not, in my judg-
ment, be secured, because in the absence of
penalty it would rob the law of its power to
protect the rights and liberties of the loyal
and endanger the permanency of the Govern-
ment. To prevent such consequences it will
be my aim to show the character of the rebel-
lion, to present the claims of justice and of
violated law, and, from the fact that no penalty
has been or can now be inflicted upon the
guilty, to show the necessity of perpetuating
some privation which shall be regarded as a
clear and distinct mark of condemnation rest-
ing upon the most guilty, and be a warning
against a repetition of the crime.
We have a Government organized By the
people for their own security, paternal in its
character and beneficent in its policy. - It
watches every interest with jealous care, and
enacts laws to secure equal privileges and to
harmonize conflicting interests as the ever-
changing condition and necessities of the peo-
ple demand. It is a Government which has so
elcarly defined and defended human rights as
to fill the hearts of despots with fear and to
inspire the oppressed of allnations with hope.
It has secured greater liberty with less re-
straint than any other. It is the purest, the
most liberal, th  best Government organized
among the nations. It lias a right to com-
mand, and a claim to obedience. And yet
men who have prospered under its policy and
been protected by its powei—men who have
been educated by its Treasury, and who have
been intrusted to fill high official positions,
conspired for its overthrow. Theirs was not
a weak, timid, half-hearted effort, but a com-
bination of mind and heart and energy and
will to establish another Government within
the jurisdiction of this, and to sustain it by
