1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
barrassment and danger on every side. What,
then, shall we do?
It may be difficult " to see the advantage
or propriety of excluding men from office
merely because they were, before the rebel-
lion, of standing and character sufficient to be
elected to positions requiring them to take
oaths to support the Constitution, and admit-
ting to eligibility those entertaining precisely
the same views, but of less standing in their
communities;" but it is more difficult for me
to see the advantage or propriety of permitting
them to be clothed with the influence and
power which office would add. It may be
true that those whom we now permit to hold
office would have violated their oath if they
had had it "in their power to do so." But
we cannot take notice of what men might
have done but did not do. We can, however,
take cognizance of the treason of members of
Congress, of officers of the Army and Navy,
of members of State conventions, and of
judges of United States courts, who took an
oath to support the Constitution and after-
ward engaged in insurrection and rebellion
against the United States. We can and should
say that they are "the great criminals dis-
tinguished above all others for the part they
took in opposition to the Government," and
should refuse to allow them to hold any offi-
cial position which can augment their personal
power to do evil; and that refusal should be
fixed upon them as a mark of shame and dis-
honor which will adhere to them and desig-
nate them as objects of infamy and fugitives
from public justice.
This cannot be called punishment. Penalty
is due and should have been inflicted, but this
will be only privation. If Absalom had lived
after his treason, and been denied a seat at his-
father's table, could such denial have been re-
garded as a punishment for his crime? Would
it have been more than a denial of a privilege
which he had previously enjoyed?
If the rebels who now seek for places of
honor and official influence are not permitted
to occupy them, it will be no more than a de-
nial of privileges which they have forfeited by
their crime. We can do no less than this if
we would uphold a beneficent Governmentand
preserve the liberiies of the people. This
small privation is the only distinction which
we can now make between the loyal and the
traitor, between the innocent and the guilty.
It is not enough to meet the claims of an in-
jured people, but inconsequence of a leniency
which has been a denial of justice, and which
will prove to have been cruelty, it is all that
can be secured now.
It is claimed that the mass of the people
entered into the rebellion under the conviction
that they were right, and that inasmuch as
they acted in fidelity to the dictates of their
consciences, they should be relieved from
penalty. But amnesty cannot be granted on
account of assumed innocence. The first mur
derer, with an air of assumed innocence, in
quired of his Maker, "Am I my brother's
keeper?" and yet justice inflicted a mark of
guilt and shame which adhered to him in all
his wanderings. Nor can amnesty be granted
on account of the conscientiousness of the
criminal. If it can, you may at once stay all
legal proceedings against barbarous and inde-
cent practices in Utah. I have read of one
who, breathing out threatenings and slaughter
against the followers of the Prince of Peace,
sought a commission that if he found any who
were loyal to that Prince he might bring them
bound unto the chief city. I have read that
he persecuted them even unto death, and that
he verily thought that he ought to do many
things contrary to the name of Him whom he
afterward recognized as his King, and that he
received full amnesty from that King ; but I
never heard that he was pardoned because
he was badly educated, or because he acted in
accordance with the dictates of an unenlight-
ened and perverted conscience.
Relief from political disabilities is urged
upon the ground that as the most talented and
highly educated men in the South are now
prohibited from holding office, the State fails
of receiving benefit, and support from their
superior ability, while the uneducated and
ignorant occupy official positions, the duties
of which they are incompetent to perform.
This is evidence that those who inaugurated
and carried forward the rebellion sinned
against clear light and great knowledge, and
convinces me that there will be great danger
if we trust them in their former positions and
with their former power. The evil is a serious
one, but a remedy is not to be found by re-
storing to honorable and responsible positions
those who with knowledge betrayed the Gov-
ernment which they had sworn to support.
Pardon should not be granted on account of
the talents and intelligence of the criminal.
Intelligence does not justify crime, but aggra-
vates it. Who doubts but the intelligence and
ability of Burr and of Arnold made their crimes
the greater?
Again, it is claimed that the guilty have
suffered enough, and that the suffering already
experienced is a reason for amnesty. But this
has not been the suffering of penalty, but that
which is incidental to the violation of law.
It has had no influence in vindicating the law
or in sustaining the Government. If a man
breaks into your post office and steals five dol-
lars' worth of stamps, and in his efforts to
escape falls and breaks a leg, by which he
suffers for months, you do not allow that suf-
fering to take the place of penalty. Nor do
you allow him to enter a plea for pardon on
the ground that he has suffered, but you recog-
nize the claims of the law and send him to
prison. Will you deal more leniently with the
traitor than with him ?
A plea for relief is also based upon the
ground that the present disabilities excite and
continue opposition to the Government, that
they are thorns which constantly annoy and
disturb the people, and that there will be no
peace until they are removed. But why is
there no peace ? The old rebels will not per-
mit. If they would openly and heartily con-
demn the Ku Klux organization and their acts
of inhumanity and murder, and recognize
national authority, peace would at once reign
in every State. Let us not, then, attempt to
secure tranquillity by taking counsel of our
enemies, or by making haste to restore them
to positions of power.
It is also claimed that a restoration of for-
feited rights will change the spirit of the rebels
and secure their support to the Government.
Such has not been the effect of clemency here-
tofore granted. Your magnanimity has been
regarded as weakness, and your pardon as an
act of justice. Every noble act to which you
have been moved for their benefit has made
many of them stronger in their opposition to
the Governmentand more bitter in their hatred.
Many of the old leaders still counsel others
to have nothing to do with the Government
until they are restored to political power, alter
which they promise fidelity to the national
Union. But such a promise is not the ground
upon which the Government can restore for-
feited rights and maintain its supremacy. It
would exalt the demands of the criminal for
clemency above the claims of the law for pen-
alty. It will not do to rest the permanency of
this Government upon an anticipated change
in the spirit of its enemies, nor upon the prom-
ises of the violators of law. Every convict in
your penitentiary would promise obedience to
law if you would let him go forth from his
prison and again hreath the air of liberty, and
every devil in hell would promise fidelity to
the King of kings if by so doing he could fly
from his deep damnation and secure another
opportunity to subvert and destroy the king-
dom of God.
How would they differ from those who swore
fidelity to constitutional obligations and then
violated their oath of allegiance by treason ?
As I value liberty, as I would sustain the pil-
lars of justice upon which this Government
must rest, I would not blot out this slight dis-
tinction which the Constitution makes between
the most guilty and the innocent by universal
amnesty. 1 would not permit all who have
held up their right hand and in the sight of
Heaven declared their allegiance to the Gov-
ernment and sworn to support its Constitution,
and then with that same right hand thrust the
spear and the sword into the very heart of the
nation—1 would not permit such men to add
the influence of official position to their power
to undermine and destroy this Government.
The few who will be excluded from the bene-
ficial provisions of the bill under consider-
ation are the 6lite of the rebels and the most
guilty among the guilty. The proof is clear,
distinct, and positive. They were leaders in
the crime. Standing before the world to-day,
they acknowledge their acts but deny their
guilt. They confess that they combined to
overthrow the Government, and justify their
deeds.
Hear what he who championed the rebellion
and marshaled its forces said a little more
than a year ago:
" I have never asked pardon fur what I have done,
and never will; for I feel that I have done no wrong.'"
He expressed his faith in State sovereignty,
and although defeated in the recent struggle,
said that he believed that it would ultimately
triumph. Here is the man who organized
armies and fought battles against the loyal ;
who made widows and orphans by shedding
the life-blood of husbands and fathers; who
led in robbing the nation of the fruits of four
years of industry; who with wicked hands
seized our young men and starved them in
rebel prisons—this man now rises before the
people against whom he has thus sinned and
declares his innocence. Shall we make haste
to force upon him the boon of forgiveness?
Can we properly relieve him from political
disabilities? I answer no. Justice and the
claims of law demand his life, but as the nation
has by a prodigal dispensation of clemency
become bankrupt and unable to satisfy this
demand what shall we do? We should with-
hold his forfeited rights and forever exclude
him from official position. We should brand
him with this mark of dishonor and guilt so
indelibly that he can never efface it, and so
distinctly that he can never conceal it, though
he cover it with the skirt of a woman.
So faras I know myself, I entertain no other
feelings than those of kindness and good will
toward all who engaged in the rebellion. I
cherish no spirit of revenge, or even of bitter-
ness, but I love the Government under which
the rights and liberties of this great people
have been so well secured, and for the sake of
preserving this Government I plead against
the extension of amnesty beyond the provis-
ions of this bill.
But are we prepared to reverse our judgment
upon questions relating to the criminality of
the recent rebellion ? Are the arguments now
put forth sufficient to prove us to have been in
error? Are we ready to manifest repentance
for our loyalty by granting universal amnesty?
I am not. I know too well what watchings,
what labors, and what painful anxieties those
f'ouryears of war cost me, and the loyal citizens
of the State which I represent, to remove all
evidence of the guilt from those who caused
those labors and anxieties. I believe that to
relieve them from all political disabilities
would be the repeal of your penal statutes
against treason and would cause Justice to stand
and weep afar off. It would be cruelty to the
law-abiding citizen. It would be a denial of
that wisdom which has been conceded to all
who have maintained the right and the duty
of preserving national life. It would stamp
the patriotism of those noble men who gave
their services, and of those who gave their lives
for the preservation of national unity, with folly
