1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3823
dollars per bushel for corn, twenty dollars a
cord for wood, and equally high rates for
hay and all other kinds of forage for the cavalry
horses. Now, these articles can be obtained
and supplied in the Mississippi valley and in
the Missouri valley at Fort Leavenworth at
one fourth of the pi'ices they can be obtained
for further West, in the theater of actual field
operations. The economy in transportation,
as stated by the General of the Army and
the Secretary of War, would save the whole
amount of this appropriation in two or three
years.
This appropriation is not for the benefit of
' any particular locality. Gentlemen have sug-
gested that it was for the benefit of a city. Sir,
this fort is not at any city. Although it is of
the same name as the city of Leavenworth, it
is three miles removed from it. This appro-
priation is for supplying material and for the
accommodation of the cavalry service during
the winter months ; it is for that it is especially
desired. The cavalry is .not used in Indian
warfare during the winter months, for winter
campaigns are seldom, almost never, made in
that season; but they have to be subsisted
during the several winter months.
The small depots, such as Fort Gibson,
Fort Abererombie, Fort Smith, Fort Zarah,
and others, have all been abandoned. It is
now the policy of the Government to have at
least one general station and depot of supplies
where the cavalry can be quartered during the
winter and subsisted at an economical expense
to the Government. It is for this express
purpose that this appropriation is desired, to
reestablish, to reequip and enlarge the accom-
modations already existing at Fort Leaven-
worth, so as to meet the necessities of the
Army. In this connection I ask the Clerk to
read an extract from the recommendation of
Major General John Pope.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Port Leavenworth was built originally for a oav-
airy pott. It contains barracks and quarters for ten
companies. The barracks for four companies are
now used (though badly fitted for the purpose) for
the offices of department headquarters, and the
officers' quarters for the officers of the department
staff and the depot.
44 Appropriation should bo made for constructing
suitable buildings for department officers and
quarters for officers belonging to the department
staff elsewhere on the reservation.
" The depot buildings should be enlarged and con-
venience of storage of public supplies increased.
By these means the entire post could be given up to
the cavalry. During the summer one building for
barracks for two companies should be put up, so
that the post would hold twelve companies of cav-
alry. The quarters for officers for that number of
companies aro already built.
" 1 therefore a*k that the Secretary of War recom-
mend a special appropriation for these purposes of
$lio0;U00, to be expended under his direction, and in
accordance with plans appiovcd by hrn.
" It, is my well-considered opinion, as I know it to
bo that of the General-in-Chief oi the Army, Gen-
eral Sheridan, and every otliccr ot rank who has
ever scived here, that every interest of the Govern-
ment in its military service would be promoted, by
such legislation as is here recommended.
"In this connection I invite attention to there-
marks and recommendations contained in my annual
report, dated October 31, 1870, under the head, of
'Fort Leavenworth/to the nature of the services
of t he cavalry in this department, as set forth therein,
and to the want ot Mutable quarters and stabling for
that arm of the service *t the posts on the plains
during the winter season, as well as to the largely
increased expense of maintaining it at those posts
as compared with Fort Leavenworth.
"I am, General, respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, JOHN POPE,
Brevet Major General, Commanding.
General "W. T. Srf.rm \n\ General-in-Chief United
States Army, Washington, D. G."
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does not
that refer altogether to the building of stables ?
Mr. LOWE. For stables, and for enlarg-
ing the military quarters. I ask the Clerk
now to read a letter from the Secretary of
War upon this subject:
The Clerk read as follows :
AVar Department, February 28,1871.
The Secretary of War has the honor to report to
the Senate of the United States, in answer to the
resolution of February 27, 1871, that certain recom-
mendations of the commander of the department of
the Missouri, for the enlargement of the military
depot at Fort Leavenworth, have already been sub-
mitted to the Senate in answer to its resolution of
February 9, 1871, and it remains only for the Secre-
tary of War to state that tbo military interests of
the United States eonld not fail to be greatly pro-
moted, and the military expenditures in future
greatly economized, by the proposed enlargement
and improvement of the military establishment at
Fort Leavenworth: and for those reasons, concur-
ring with the department eommandcr and the Gen-
eral of the Army, a grant of the necessary appro-
priation is strongly recommended.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP.
Secretary of War.
Mr. LOWE. I desire to say farther, in the
one minute that remains to me, that the peace
policy of the Administration with the Indian
tribes can only be carried outarid appropriately
supplemented by the concentration and preser-
vation of forces in such a position as will show
to the Indians of the West that the Government
is ready and prepared at all times to enforce
its policy of peace by war if it cannot other-
wise be obtained. This measure is an abso-
lute necessity in that direction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
Indians a hundred miles away from Port
Leavenworth would not be very much affected
by the building of stables there, however large.
The spectacle of twelve companies of cavalry
at Fort Leavenworth would not have a very
great moral effect upon Indians out in Mon-
tana or in any other remote Territory. I
remember that last year this item of appro-
priation was attempted to be passed, and I think
it failed in the Senate. Possibly it passed
the Senate and failed here.
Mr. LOWE. It came from the Senate dur-
ing the last spring session to the House, and
was excluded on a point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was passed in
the Senate and defeated here, so the gentle-
man says. I hope it will be defeated again.
Why, sir, the quarters which we have had at
Fort Leavenworth have answered very well
thus far. Are the Indians increasing in that
neighborhood? Are Indian hostilities increas-
ing there? Are we never to get rid of them?
I had hoped that some way or another we
might sell this reservation at Fort Leaven-
worth, get rid of it entirely, and stop that great
leak of the Treasury. 1 had hoped that we
might, as we have done heretofore from time
to time, dispose of these reservations as the
march of settlement has passed beyond them
for thousands of miles, and as the Indians
have receded before the advancing wave. But
instead of that we are asked to appropriate
$200,000 to enlarge the stables at Fort Leav-
enworth. Why, sir, the very statement of the
case shows its absurdity. You might as well
throw $"200,000 into the sea for .all the good
it will do. We do not need to build bar-
racks and stables and establish reservations
for the mere purpose of feeding horses or dis-
posing of our coin and hay. We build bar-
racks and stables at convenient points from
which in case of alarm and danger troops and
horses may be ready to start. But suppose you
have your horses and your troops, your cav-
alry and artillery at Fort Leavenworth; and
suppose Indian hostilities break out one thou-
sand miles away, how are your troops and
horses to reach the scene of hostilities? Yon
will find it much more expensive to transport
your animals, your ammunition, and your men
to the scene of hostilities than to transport
your forage.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I have no
particular objection to the passage of this
proposition ; in fact I am in favor of it; but I
do not like to have all the arguments in favor
of these propositions saddled upon the Indians.
I think that some of them should rest on the
ground of the needs of the Army; and we
should not pass propositions here to provide
against Indian hostilities where there are no
Indians left.
I believe this proposition ought to pass. I
think there ought to be some place where the
Government can recuperate its horses; and
I think such place should be at some cen-
tral point. I sustain the proposition; but I
say^ again I hope we shall not insist upon
basing every proposition of this kind upon'the
fact that there are in the country some Indians
who are mischievous.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What do you want
to keep horses for, except to be used in fight-
ing Indians?
Mr. SHANKS. To take care of bad white
people.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to say a word on this proposition.
Some gentlemen who oppose it seem to for-
get that, on account of the inclemency of the
climate, it is necessary for the safety of these
troops with their horses that during about one
half of the year they shall be subsisted else-
where than on the frontier. Every one who
has ever visited these posts on the extreme
western frontier knows that it is absolutely
unsafe to the health of the men and the horses
that they should be kept there at seasons of
the year wheu they cannot operate against
these hostile bands of Indians. Now, what
place could be more suitable for this purpose
than Fort Leavenworth ? 1 venture the asser-
tion that no military post anywhere in the
United States is so well adapted to the sub-
sistence of men and horses of our Army as
this military post at Fort Leavenworth. Nor
is there any post where subsistence for cavalry
can be obtained upon as reasonable terms as
at that point. Those who have visited the
posts upon the western frontier know that
they are practically useless except while the
Army may be operating directly against the
Indians or other marauders.
Gentlemen say that we ought to sell these
military posts and get rid of thetii. Why is
it to be presumed that we shall never need
them again? We must have some places as
depots for supplies, and for the subsistence
of men and horses. Notwithstanding the
intimation on the part of my friend from In-
diana [Mr. Shanks] that there are no hostile
Indians, we occasionally hear of such things
in our distant Territories. Those who are in
command of our Army there find it necessary
to keep troops out there so long as they can
be maintained there during the summer sea-
son. During the winter months they have
to be withdrawn from there to keep them front
freezing, and frequently from starvation. I
say this proposition is a good one. It comes
here from men who know what they are talk-
ing about; and I believe the House ought to
adopt it. I believe that this military post at
Fort Leavenworth, and all others like it that
are well adapted for the purposes for which
such posts are necessary, ought to be kept in
repair and maintained in a condition suitable
to meet the necessities and wants of our Army.
Mr. SLOCUM rose.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope this matter will not
be further debated ; I trust we shall have a
vote at once. We have only thirty minutes to
get through with this bill, or it will go over for
a day.
The question being taken on concurring in
the Senate amendment, it was non-concurred
in ; there being—ayes thirty-seven, noes not
counted.
The ninth amendment of the Senate was
read as follows:
Strike out the words " and seventy," so as to make
the clause read as follows:
For purchase and manufacture of clothing, camp
and garrison equipage, and for preserving and
repacking stock of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage, and materials on hand at the Schuylkill
arsenal and other depots, $700,000.
The SPEAKER. The Cornmitteeon Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrences in this
amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. To facilitate matters I will
state that this amendment, as well as the
eleventh and thirty-first, are non-concurred in
so that in a conference they may be better
arranged.
There are some things the committee would
