240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
and madness. It would condemn your mar-
tyred President and all who united with him
in inviting and persuading men to leave the
pursuits of peaceful industry and enter upon
the field of blood. It would condemn him
who, with great bravery, with untiling energy,
and sleepless persistency, followed the enemies
of our country from Donelson through every
stronghold to victory on the Rappahannock.
But if you neither ounish the criminal nor
set upon him a distinct mark of condemnation
you declare that, weighed in the scales that
determine our obligations to the Government,
guilt balances innocence; that the property and
persons of the rebel are as sacred as the rights
of the loyal; that there is no virtue in fidelity
to national unity^ and no guilt in treason, and
that there is no difference in the value of a Gov-
ernment preserved and a Government ruined.
Nay, more, you offer a premium for treason;
you declare to those who may come after us
that, do what they may to destroy the Govern-
ment, they shall suffer no penalty and forfeit
no privilege. Hereafter there will be no
hazard to the traitor. If he shall fail of ac-
complishing his hellish design, you will allow
his failure to be proof only of a mistaken judg
ment, and he will effectually plead your action
as a precedent for demanding amnesty for him-
self and his confederates. If a rebellion shall
be unsuccessful, you restore every forfeited
right: if successful, you confirm to the rebels
their claim to the spoils of triumph and offer
their leader the power and the glory of acrown.
Mr. President, I am aware that the biil under
consideration does not propose to extend uni-
versal relief, and I should feel that, by wander-
ing somewhat from the question, I have tres-
passed upon the patience and courtesy of the
Senate, if I had not before me the example of
many honored Senators. But I will make no
apology ; for, as I at. first stated, my object is to
enter a protest against the future consideration
of any measure designed to remove political
disabilities. I plead not for revenge, but for
justice which can do no wrong, and failing to
secure that. I plead for some recognition of the
claims of justice, and for some mark which shall
clearly designate and condemn the guilty. Let
it not be said of this nation, as was said by an
inspired prophet in view of the wrongdoing of
another, " Judgment is turned away backward
and justice standeth afar off, for truth is fallen
in the street and equity cannot enter.''
Mr. President, we urge men to exercise a
spirit of mercy and benevolence toward the
guilty. These are Christian virtues to be cher-
ished for the purpose of fitting man for duties
here and for the felicities of the blessed here-
after. Benevolence seeks the happiness of
every creature, yet it recognizes the claims of
justice^ and declares that a Government all
mercy is a Government unjust. Benevolence
demands protection for the guiltless. Moved
by the most tender regard for the feeble and
the helpless, it summons the sword of justice
to restrain those who would strike down the
innocent. It is benevolence that strikes; it.
is benevolence that protects. It strikes the
guilty that it may shield the innocent. Remem-
ber that w,tb us there has been no punishment
for the damning crime of treason, and in the
absence of satisfaction for the demands of
justice and violated law universal amnesty,
instead of being dignified as a magnanimous
Christian virtue, becomes degraded into an
insult to benevolence and a murderous assault
upon public justice. I trust the Senate will
take no part in such a crime.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the eleventh line of the first page of the bill:
And prviidmt further, That this act shall not be
construed tore!,lie back to and validate the election
or appointment of any person to the position of
Senator or Representative in Congress, or to any
office, civil or military, under the United States, or
under any State, which person was at the time of
sued clectiuu or appointment ineligible to the
position to which he may have been so eleeted or
appointed.
Mr. SUMNER. I would call the attention
of the Senator to another way of amending
that clause which had occurred to me, through
I do not know but that his amendment is bet-
ter than mine. I had proposed to alter the
first exception so as to make it read:
All persons who. having been members of the Con-
gress of the United States aided the rebellion.
The Senator will observe, if he looks at the
language of the bill, that the first class of ex-
ceptions is confined to members of Congress
who withdrew from their seats. Now, as I
understand, we have before us the case of a
gentleman who did notwithdraw from his seat;
his term expired on the 4th of March: but
after the expiration of his term he went into
the rebellion. I am clear that, that case ought
to be included under this clause.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am glad
that the time has finally arrived when it is
understood that we are to have general legis-
lation on the subject of the removal of disabili
ties. Special legislation has been attended
with more than ordinary embarrassment. It
is impossible for Congress to investigate and
pass upon the cases of individuals with any
degree of fairness and impartiality. It is im-
possible to ascertain the facts in each case.
We have proceeded now for several years
relieving those who were under disability, and
those who were active in making out plausible
cases have been relieved, and, as I have been
informed, constantly during the whole of that
time many of the people we relieved, in order to
set themselves right with the people with whom
they associated, immediately afterward denied
that they had made the application. Thus it
has gone on, and frequently we have relieved
those in a neighborhood who were the very least
deserving, which naturally created a sympathy
for those who remained under disabilities.
However we may theorize about this matter
of poliiical disabilities, practically their im-
position has not worked well; practically it
has not tended to tranquillize the South ; prac-
tically it has presented eases which have caused
irritation and created additional dissatisfaction.
It must be apparent to all that general legis-
lation is the proper mode of proceeding. The
House of Representatives came to that conclu-
sion at the last session, and passed the biil
now under consideration here. I hope we
may pass the bill substantially as it came from
the House, and not add further lists of excep-
tions. If we do, if we have such a list of ex-
ceptions as calls for special legislation again,
we shall find it as difficult to administer in the
future as it has been in the past. I had some
experience in the beginning m investigating
petitions for the removal of political disabil
ities. I investigated at first some two thou-
sand applications as well as I could. I un-
doubtedlj' recommended the rejection of some
who ought to have been relieved, and recom-
mended the relief of many who. if we were
going to make any discrimination whatever,
ought not to have been preferred to their
neighbors. I fell into these difficulties, and
they accumulated so that I finally asked the
Senate to relieve me from any further labor
in the matter, and that a special committee
take the subject into consideration. That was
done. They, too, have met with these diffi-
culties.
Now, I do not believe that in a political point of
view the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment has been of any advautage whatever. I
do not wish to be understood as meaning that
it was unjust to exclude from office those per-
sons who had participated in the rebellion,
for all agree that they had forfeited their rights,
and that they had no claims on this Govern-
ment. They had been traitors to it, and were
amenable to the law. That it was unjust to
them i do not contend; but as a matter of
practical execution it, was inconvenient and
impossible to carry it out fairly. It was
impossible to punish millions of men ; it was
impossible to investigate the relative merits of
one above another. The practic.il execution
of the law so as to make it fair and equal, so
as to discriminate and do justice in all case?,
was impossible. Consequently it has created
great irritation, and accomplished very little
good.
I am aware of the argument against, the
removal of disabilities. I am aware of the
fact that many of those who are now laboring
under disabilities are not good citizen" of the
( United States. I am admonished by the report
| of my worthy friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
i Scott] that many ot those persons who are
j still laboring under disabilities and are to be
; benefited by this bill, have no claim upon this
; Government for its mercy, and no claims upon
i the generosity of this Government, But, while
| that is true, there are others whom we desire
J to relieve from disabilities, there are others
i who would undoubtedly be good citizens if
■j relieved; but we have not the machiuery and
i cannot invent it here to ascertain who they
| are specifically. They are too numerous for
i individual action, and generally those most
j meritorious are least likely to press their claims,
j That mode of action is surrounded by practi-
| cal difficulties on all hands, and ihe adminis-
'< tration of the law in that way is calculated to
produce disquiet because of the discriraina-
| tions made in passing special bills. That will
! constantly produce disquiet. Jt seems to me
> wiser to end the matter and to pass this bill
j as it came from the House of Representatives,
i and free ourselves from the embanassments
! that we are placed in when we resort to spe-
' cial legislation. By doing this, we shall take
, from these men the excuse which they make
j that justice is not done to ail, that, bad men
i are relieved while good men are not. Take
I "this pretext from them, so that they shall have
: no excuse for alleging that this Government
j is not generous to all because it has relieved
: the bad and also relieved the good. Let us
j take from them all chance for exciting sympa-
| thy among their fellows: for, view it as you
, will, if a citizen who stands well in a particu-
I lar locality is overlooked, and one who stands
' badly is relieved, that community will blam 
i Congress and blame the Government and draw
, aeomparison, go that asympathy will becreated
I for the citizeu whose claims have been over-
j looked.
j We cannot produce quiet in that way ; and
| inasmuch as we have direct work to do tosup-
! press violence, let us be rid of this irritating
j question: let us pass a general relief bii 1. and
i direct our attention to those who shall here-
' after violate law. We shall find cases enough
; of that kind. Let us s"e that the laws are
I hereafter enforced, and 1 beli-ve that with this
ji general bill passed we should be stronger, we
| should find less difficulty in the South in en-
forcing the laws, for we take away from them
; an irritating and vexed question which does
i produce disquiet and dissatisfaction,
i, I hope the bill will pass as it. came from the
| House of Representatives, substantially. To
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
ji however, I have no objection.
jj Mr. SUMNElt. Mr. President, we have
\j all heard of the old saying, " Let us be just
;j before we are generous." { do not like to be
|| against anything that may seem to be gener-
l| ous : but I do insist always upon justice ; and
jj now that it is proposed that we should be gen-
:| erotis to those who were engaged in the rebel-
lion, I insist upon justice to thp colored race
everywhere throughout this land, and in that
spirit I shall ask the Senate to adopt as an
amendment in the firm of additional sections
what is already known in this Chamber as the
supplementary civil rights bill, which 1 now
send to the Chair and ask to have read.
The PKKSIDINU OFFICER. (Mr. Savtykr
in the chair, j Does the Senator offer it as an
amendment to the amendment 7
Mr. SUMNER. No: I offer it to come in
at the end of the bill. It is not in order
strictly uutil the amendment of the Senator
