188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April fi,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection to American Industry—Mr. Hill.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
materials, every mineral necessary being now
in course of development in this country.
As to the quality of American wares, they
are not surpassed in any respect by English of
the same grades.
In Chester county, Pennsylvania, and its
vicinity, are located the establishments for the
mining, washing, and preparation of kaolin
or fine China clay, rich deposits of which are
found there; and this kaolin is fully equal to
the finest that comes from Cornwall, England,
for pottery purposes.
In South Carolina and Georgia, and in Pope
county, Illinois, are beds of these fine clays,
the last named being of a peculiarly valuable
character, and highly esteemed by the pot-
teries at Cincinnati, and other points in the
West.
In Maine, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Dela-
ware, and Maryland are mines of fine quartz
and feldspar rock; and mills to grind these
rocks, with heavy and expensive machinery.,
have been erected at several points on the Sus-
quehanna, at Trenton, New Jersey, on the
Connecticut river, and in various places in the
West. The common qualities of clay are found
in many places, and the digging of them has
become an interest of considerable local im-
portance, as at Woodbridge and Amboy, New
Jersey.
In behalf of this industry I ask that the pres-
ent duty on crockery at least be not disturbed
or reduced:
First, because a large number of potteries
are already established in this country, with
capacity to produce a large part of all the
earthenware required in the United States.
Secondly, because the materials used are
home products, and when crockery is success-
fully manufactured these materials are devel-
oped, thus adding wealth to many sections.
Thirdly, because the potteries are scattered
through several States, and different localities
are interested in them.
Fourthly, because manual labor is the princi-
pal item of cost, and because American labor
must be well paid and not reduced to starva-
tion wages.
Fifthly, and especially because the manufac-
ture of earthenware in this country, in placing
the producer and consumer nearer together,
enables the latter to purchase at low prices.
As I remarked before, this industry has great
difficulty to compete with European labor, and
also with'the prices of materials used in manu-
facture. Below I give the prices as paid in
England and at the present time in America :
Potters' Wages.
Men—American, 812 per week; English, $6 per
■week.
Boys and girls—American, $3 50 per week; Eng-
lish, $1 per week.
The American mechanics all work by the
piece, and are paid good from hand. The
English manufacturers pay good from oven or
kiln, being a great saving to the "boss," as the
men are necessarily more careful.
Coal, usual fine:
American, at factory, per ton  $5 00
English, at factors;, per ton  2 00
The recent flooding of the English mines has tem-
porarily advanced the price, and our potteries are
subject to the same annoyance.
White lead:
English, per pound $0 06
American, per pound  10
Cobalt:
English, per pound  2 25
American, per pound  4 00
China clay:
English, per ton  6 50
American, per ton  18 00
Bali clay:
English, per ton  3 75
American, per ton  9 00
Feldspar (ground:)
English, per ton...    6 00
American, per ton  18 00
Flint, (ground:)
English, per ton  7 00
American, per ton      17 00
The above prioes of English and American are both
currency.
In regard to raw materials—clay, coal,
spar-flint ground—I am told that most of the
cost is in labor.
In addition to prices quoted above as paid
in England, I find the following table of prices
showing the rate of wages per day paid for
factory and other labor in Lower Silesia during
the year 1868:
Branches and occupations. Mala. Females.
Earthenware, &e.: Gen'*- ■ 0s"(s-
Potter-turners 48
Foremen  96
Pottery, moiders  60 to 72
Ordinary work  24 to 60 14 to 22
Stoneware:
Ordinary work 18 to 24
Turners  24 to 48
Painters   24 to 42
Porcelain:
Glazing makers  30 to 36 18 to 24
Burners  30 to 42
Gilders 36 to 42 12 to 18
We find also employed in the potteries and
brick-yards of England .children, girls even,
only four years of age. What interest can
compete against such labor? Let alt take note
of the following extract from the book of
George Smith, of Coalville, Leicestershire,
England, entitled "The Cry of the Children
from the Brick-Yards of England
"In our brick-fields and brick-yards there are
from twenty to thirty thousand children, from as
low as three and four up to sixteen and seventeen/
undergoing a bondage of toil and a horror of evil
training."-— The Cry, &c., page 8.
"The yards we have visited are under the direc-
tion of managers who let out the work of making
bricks to men at per thousand. These men, who, it
may be stated, are on what is termed * piece work,'
(that is, get as much as they can earn,) are stationed
at large tables where they make the bricks; and on
each side of them troops of boys and girls, ranging
from eight years of age to eighteen, some three partg
and others half naked, while the rest are as ragged
as robbins. The children get four shillings a week,
work as hard as they may. Thpre they 3tand silent
and still, like the warriors of Roderick Dhu, until
the signal is given te commence. Then off they go.
First, one ragged,sexni-nudo contingent runs wildly
down an inclined plane into the dark and miry
bowels of the earth, where, with a sort of elongated
cheese-knife, they slice out about fifty pounds of clay
each, and. in single file return with their lumps of
dirt upon their heads. Some march nimbly along,
while the smaller ones, the little girls, with short
skirts and bare legs, trudge along more slowly. Ar-
rived at the table, they bow their heads, and the clay
is deposited before the oger, who, with nimble hands,
fashions it into those square lumps called bricks.
It is then that the other contingent, in all respects
like the sister brigade, commence their part of the
work, trotting briskly to the spot allotted for the
reception of their burden. And so the ball goes on.
No cessation, no shirking, no stopping for breath,
and wo betide the discradled youngster who falters
or delays. Athim the oger at theboard shies a lump
of clay. As the day wears on their march is slower;
their heads sink slightly between the shoulders;
their faces and foreheads are besmeared with clay;
their hair is matted, and their legs and arm? become
of the color of the clay they carry—The Weekly
Dispatch, London, quoted onvage'Sl of the, Cry, &c.
"As a further proof of the severe and extremely
heavy nature of the toil undergone by the children,
I would submit to your inspection a lump of solid
clay, weighing forty-three pounds. This, in a wet
state, was taken a few days ago from off the head of
a child nine years of age,- who had daily to walk a
distance of tw.eive and a half miles, half that dis-
tance being traversed while carrying this heavy
burden. The distance and weights are arrived at in
this way: the workman makes, on an average, three
thousand bricks per day, the whole weighing about
twelve tons; the whole of which has to be carried by
two children only, the distance from the clay heap
to the brick-maker's table being thirty-five yards.
This shows that each child has to travel six miles
and a quarter with forty-three pounds of clay on his
head, and six miles ana a quarter back to the clay
heap. The clay was taken from the child, and the
calculation made by me, in the presence of both
master and men.
" Of course the natural results ensue. Ignorance
and immorality prevail to a fearful extent among
the workmen and children so employed. How could
it be otherwise? All goodness and purity seem to
become stamped out of these people, and were I to
relate what could be related, the whole country
would become sickened and horrified."—From a
paper read by Mr. George Smith at the Social Science
Congress, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, September, 1870.
"A writer who visited the different brick-making
establishments of the district estimates that sev-
enty-five per c-ent. of the persons employed are
females, and perhaps two thirds of these are young
girls from nine to twelve years of age. We saw one
set of these hands at work at the molding bench, and
watched with special interest the several parts they
performed. A middle-aged woman, as we took her
to be, from some dress indications of her sex, was
standing at the bench, butter-stick in hand. Appa-
rently she had on only a single garment, reaching
to her feet. But this appearance may have come
from her clothes.being so bespattered and weighted
with wet clay that they adhered so closely to her
person that it was as fully developed through them
as the female form ofsoine marble statues through
the thin drapery in which they are clad by the
sculptor. She wore a turban on her head, of the
same color; for only one color or consistency was
possible at her work. The only thing feminine in
her appearance was a pair of ear-drops she wore as
a token of her sex and of its tastes under any cir-
cumstances. With two or three molds she formed
the clay dough into loaves with wonderful tact and
celerity. With a dash, splash, and a blow one was
perfectly shaped. One little girl then took it away
and shed it out upon the drying-floor with the great-
est precision to keep the rows in perfect line.
Another girl, a little older, brought the clay to the
bench. This was a heavier task, and we watched
her appearance and movements very closely. She
was a girl apparently about thirteen. Washed, and
well clad, and with a little sportive life in her, she
would have been almost pretty in face and form.
But though there was some color in her cheeks, it
was the flitting flush of exhaustion. She moved in
a kind of swaying, sliding way, as if muscle and joint
did not fit and set together naturally. ^ She first
took up a mass of the cold clay, weighing about
twenty-five pounds, upon her head, and while bal-
ancing it there she squatted to the heap without
bending her body, and took up a mass of equal
weight with both hands against her stomach, and
with the two burdens walked about a rod and de-
posited them on the molding bench. No wonder,
we thought, that the color in her cheeks was an un-
healthy flush. With a mass of cold clay held against
her stomach, and bending under another on her
head, for ten or twelve hours in a day, it seemed
a marvel that there could be any red blood in her
veins at all."—Walks in the Black Country, by Ehhu
Burritt.
May we never witness the like in the pot-
teries and brick yards of America. We never
shall if we protect our industries so that good
wages can be paid to the working classes.
There is another very important interest con-
nected with the State of New Jersey. I refer
to the manufacture of glass. This business is
one of the greatest importance, and is one of
those indus.ries that have to compete with the
cheap labor of Europe, and needs protection.
The present duty on window glass is from one
and a half to three cents per pound, and on
bottles, vials, &c., thirty-five per cent, ad
valorembeing an advance on the free-trade
tarilf of 1846 of only five per cent. Under the
operation of this tariff the business was almost
destroyed, a large proportion of the factories
having suspended until by the premium on
gold, amounting practically to an increase in
the tariff, the business revived. Since the
decline of gold premium a large number of
factories have been again obliged to suspend,
and fully thirty-three per cent, of the factories
are now standing idle. In eastern Pennsyl-
vania and New Jersey there are from eighty
to one hundred bottle and window-glass man-
ufactories, over forty of which are now lying
still. This industry is not new, needing nurs-
ing to develop it, but needs only a proper
tariff to equalize the difference between the
cheap labor of Belgium and the system pre-
vailing in this country.
The glass manufactures are entirely hand-
made, aud consume only material the product
of labor without machinery. These facts, to
my mind, are sufficient reasons for suitable
protection to this industry, and instead of any
decrease of duty it is not unreasonable to ask
that as high a rate of duty be placed on glass-
ware as is placed on many other industries.
The glass manufacturers of New Jersey, as
well as in other States, employ a large number
of hands, many of whom have had but little
work of late because of the low duty and in-
sufficient protection of this industry. They
are anxious to work, but they cannot at prices
paid abroad; they cannot compete with the
cheap labor of Europe, which, sir, in some
parts of Europe ranges from ten to ninety-six
cents per day, and in Saxony from'$2 16 to
$2 96 per week. I give below the list of prices
