1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"1137
in the present agitation, in the present temper
of the people, the question r.o longer assumes
a party aspect. Good men and reformers, with-
out reference to past political issues, are called
upon to make one combined effort to arrest the
demoralization which is now sapping the very
foundation of the Government. Sir, the time
has come when a reform must take place; and
I believe that there are good men on the other
side of the House who will be found acting with
the entire Democratic party upon this side, to
go forward in solid phalanx in November next
to accomplish this great good to the country.
We shall then have but one great political
motto—"purification;" and if anything else
be added it will be "pacification"—the bring-
ing together of the discordant sections of the
American people, the restoration of all the
rights, political and social, belonging to Amer-
ican citizens, whether in the North, the South,
the East, or the West; and then, moving for-
ward in solid column to correct these abuses
of the different official departmentsofthe Gov-
ernment, we may right the old ship of State and
bring her back again into the same moral
atmosphere that pervaded the Government in
the better days of this Republic.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has five minutes remaining. To whom
does he yield?
Mr. WOOD. To my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerk.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
in a few words what I think about this bill.
If I could be permitted to move an amend-
ment to it, and if the House would adopt such
an amendment, I think the bill might then be
passed, and might acquire by its passage some
legal validity, and do some good. The amend-
ment 1 suggest would be to strike out all of
the enacting clause and substitute for that
clause the words "Be it ordered by this
House"—nothing more. My reason for favor-
ing such an amendment is that this House,
under the express language of the Constitution,
and according to the principles of organization
of every legislative body in this country, or
any other that boasts of representative Govern-
ment, has a right to control its own affairs, to
regulate in its own way the conduct of its own
business, and the appointment or removal of
its own officers, and the number aud character
of its subordinate employes.
Sir, the Speaker is an officer of this House ;
and his election and the manner ol it, and his
duties as an officer of this House, are subject
to the exclusive regulation of this House. The
Doorkeepers and the Sergeant-at-Arms are also
officers of the House. So are the clerks of
our committees. By the very necessity of our
organization as a legislative body they are and
ef light ought always to remain under the ex-
clusive control of the House itself. I say that
under the Constitution of the United States,
and the spirit of our institutions, neither the
Senate nor the President has any right what-
ever, either to be consulted as to what we
shall do in these particulars, or to dictate to
us in any way how we shall regulate affairs of
this kind. These matters all pertain to the
conduct of the House. They relate to the ap-
pointment of our own officers. They belong
to the daily routine and discharge of our sep-
arate duties. They have no connection with
the Senate or with the Government generally,
and belong in a special manner to the neces-
sary freedom of action of the House as a sep-
arate and independent branch of the legislative
power.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 ask my colleague whether
we do not already by law provide to a certain
extent for the appointment of clerks in the
House of Representatives, and whether we
have not done so from the beginning of the
Government?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I know of no
such regulation as this bill proposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. The statutes are full of
42i> Cong. 2d Sess.'—No. 72.
instances of such limitations upon the power
of the House.
Mr. KERR. I know of no such thing. I
have made some examination to find some-
thing of the kind, and have not been able to
discover any precedent for it.
This bill makes no attempt to legislate con-
cerning the mere ministerial, subordinate, or
clerical officers or employes of the Senate.
It is safe to assume that the Senate would not
for a moment concur in or tolerate such an at-
tempt at interference. Why, then, shall we
appeal to the Senate, or to the Executive, to
regulate these matters for us? Are we not
competent to discharge these duties for our-
selves? Indeed, 1 may most pertinently in-
quire, what right have we to surrender to the
Senate or to the Executive our self-govern-
ment as a House? It impresses me as a
strange departure from correct principles.
Suppose the Senate should add some obnox-
ious provisions by way of amendment to this
bill? We might refuse to concur in them;
then they would go to a committee of free
conference, consisting of members of each
body; that committee might make a different
bill, or provide for clerks or officers, or insert
provisions making our officers in some way
subject to the supervision of the Senate, or to
the joint supervision of the Senate and House.
Could we submit to such a law ? Would such
a law possess any legal validity if enacted ? I
say no, not one whit. The House would still
be free to do as it pleases in such matters as
pertain to its self-control, the mere conduct
of its own business, and the appointment of its
own officers or servants. It ought not yield
that essential right. It cannot do so without
danger. And I say to my colleague and to
every gentleman in the House, that, in n*>y
judgment if the House has heretofore estab-
lished any precedent of that kind it cannot too
soon repeal it and reverse its past action, and
act on its own authority and within its own
powers. That is my judgment about this
thing. I am perfectly clear; I do not think
that it is an open question.
I think, Mr. Speaker, in addition to what I
have said on this point, the objections of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] to this bill
are pertinent. It is time that the whole power
of the Government was put forth to effect
reform in the civil service. Why is it not
done? If gentlemen wish to effect something
in the way that will inure to the advantage of
the country and of the Treasury, why do they
not strike where the greatest evils exist, where
the greatest perveisions of law are daily prac-
ticed, where notorious corruption prevails,
where all sorts of vice have crept into prac-
tical administration, aud there make reforms?
Why do they not introduce bills to reform an
execution of the laws of the country in con-
nection with the collection of customs duties,
and in connection with the collection of excise
taxation, and in connection with the manage-
ment of the Post Office Department all over
the country? Why do you not reform the
administration of the Government in all its
departments outside of the Iiouse by appro
priate laws, and in the Iiouse by appropriate
orders of the House? Why do you not pro
ceed at once to invoke the cooperation of the
Senate and President to bring about such re-
forms as will save millions to the overtaxed
people of the country, and give that bind of
relief they are pleading for day by day, and
which they are entitled on every principle of
public duty and good government, to have,
and to have speedily? Jf yuu would strike a
few manly and honest blows for such reforms
they could be effected, and the people would
recognize them with infinite gratitude.
I am opposed to the enactment of this kind
of law. not because it can no' result in some
retrenchment of the expenses of the House,
but because ot the form of this bill. It is
clearly objectionable, and the Senate has no
right to be consulted as to how the HouSe
shall govern its action in these matters, and
the President of the United States has no
right to be called on to assent to or dissent
from any regulation concerning its manage-
ment in such matters. These matters belong
to us alone to regulate. We have a right to
enact this bill as an order of this House without
consulting the Senate or President. Suppose
we enact it with the enacting claurse struck ou(
aud what I propose inserted, and send it to
the President for approval, and he should send
it back with his disapproval: I ask any gentle-
man of this House, I ask the lawyers of this
body, whether the House would not have the
right to enact such order in the regulation of
its own affairs in spite of the President and
everybody else? I insist it T ould. Hence
my opposition to the form of this measure.
Mr. HOLMAN took the floor.
Mr. PETERS. I ask tho gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for the purpose of offer-
ing an amendment to the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield for the pur-
pose of hearing the amendment read.
Mr. PETERS. I move, in the bill as it has
been reprinted, on page 10, after "the Com-
mittee of Claims," to insert "the Committee
on the Judiciary;" so the salary of the clerk
of that committee shall also come-within class
two.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to
the amendment being offered, although I am
opposed to its adoption and shall vote against it.
Mr. KERR. I ask my colleague to let me
offer the amendment, I have proposed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to my colleague's
amendment,. I will not treat my colleague
discourteously, but I object to his amendment.
Why did not my colleague when the House
was passing bills limiting the number of docu-
ments to be printed for the exclusive use of
the House—why did he not then object that, it
was an act, in derogation of the powers of the
House? When bill after bill has passed im-
posing limitations upon the expenditures of
the Iiouse, why did not my colleague object
that it was in derogation of the just powers of
the House? Why did he withhold his objec-
tion till this bill was brought forward looking
to reform in the extravagance of the House
in the employment of unnecessary clerks?
Why should objections come from this side of
the House to any reduction ot expenditure,
however inconsiderable ? Sir, we have reached
such fearful magnitude of extravagance in
the administrati m of our Government, that
any measure, 1 do not care what may be its
character, I do not care where it may come
from, that proposes anything in the way of
economy and reform, will receive ray support.
This bill simply reduces, greatly reduces the
annual expenditure for unnecessary clerks,
nothing more, and I will not diminish the
weight to which the measure is entitled by
captiously arraigning a committee before the
country for failing to do more than itproposes
to do.
My colleague [Mr. Kerb] misunderstood
the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Wool).]
The gentleman from New York esteemed this
bill, as far as it went, a good measure, a meas-
ure tending toward the main object of the
organization of this committee; the object.,
namely, of civil service reform and retrench-
ment.
I yield for a moment to my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Vermont., [Mr.
Willard. ]
civil service reform.
Mr. WILLARD. I am requested by the
chairman of the Committee on the Reorgan-
ization of the Civil Service, and instructed by
the committee, to report hack the bill (Id. It.
No. 7ST) to preserve the independence of She
several departments of the Government, and
to ask that it be made the special order for
