190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection to American Industry—Mr. Hill.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
isher, who died at No. 52 Upper Bemerton street,
It appeared that the deceased was the wife of an
inmate of St. Pancras work-house, who went there
a year and a half ago, as he was unable to work, leav-
ing his wife earning 10«. a week. Her work latterly
fell off. She had. not paid her rent for a very long
time, having very little money to live on. On Sun-
day last her husband came out of the work-house
to visit her, -and in the evening he was taken ill.
Neither having any money, the deceased borrowed
8d. from her landlady, from which she laid out Id.
in gin for her husband, returned 2d. to the landlady,
and had 4d. left. The 4rf. appeared to carry her on
till Tuesday morning, when she was very ill. Her
landlady sent for a doctor, but before his arrival the
deceased had died. Mr. Thomas Slater, surgeon,
deposed to being called to the deceased on Tuesday
morning last. She was dead, lying destitute on a
bed in a corner of the floor. The post-mortemex&m-
ination showed that the brain was congested, conse-
quent on fatty degeneration of the heart. The
stomach smelt of beer, but otherwise it was entirely
empty, there being no trace of fbod. It was a death
from exhaustion of the heart, produced by the want
of common necessaries. The jury thought itstrange
that the deceased did not go into the work-house.
The husband said he had frequently pressed her to
do so, but she declined. A verdict was returned of
4 death from an exhausted heart, accelerated by
want of food and the proper necessaries of life.'"
"Death/ram Starvation.—An inquest was held yes-
terday morning by Mr. Richards, at the King's
Head tavern. Great Mitchell street, St. Luke's, on
the body of Martha Downs, aged thirty. The de-
ceased had walked from Lincolnshire, and was dis-
covered by a woman on the night of Monday, the
11th instant, sitting upon a door-step in Norway
street, St. Luke's, in a fainting state. The woman
procured some coffee and a piece of bread, which
she gave the deceased, who was afterward removed
to the Old street station. She then said that she
had left her home because her family were poorer
than herself, and that she had set out on her jour-
ney without any money. She had slept in casual
wards, and had received some bread in the morn-
ing. but since she had been in London she could not
get anything to eat. She also said that the reason
she did not sleep in a casual ward in London was
that she was too badly dressed to get into one. After
some-more bread had been given her, she was re-
moved from the police station to the work-house,
where she died on Friday night. Dr. Harris having
deposed that death was caused by sudden dropsy,
brought on by want of food, the coroner said that
the case was one of death from starvation, and the
jury returned a verdict accordingly. "
44 Deplorable Death of a Young Woman.—Yester-
day afternoon Mr. Humphreys held an inquest at
the Green Man tavern, High street, Hoxton, re-
specting the death from starvation of Anne rhil-
brick, aged twenty-one years. Eliza Teasant, No.
9 Short -street, Hoxton, said that the deceased was
her sister. She was a match-box maker. She had
never applied to witness for assistance. On Monday
night, while she was out, the deceased caine to the
house and she was turned out. She was taken to the
Shoreditch work-house, where witness went to see
her before she died. Police constable 143 G said that
late on Monday night he saw the husband of the last
witness turn the deceased out of his house into the
street. She then sat down on the door-step, and
she said to the witness, ' I am destitute. I was ill,
and I thought he would aid me, but he has turned
me out.' Witness then took the deceased to St.
Bartholomew's Hospital, and she was sent by tbe
doctor to the work-house, Martha Dock, work-
house nurse, stated that the deceased said to her,' I
have had no food for three days, and I have not
slept in a bed for five weeks; X have been out of
work for a long time. No one would take me into
the work-house.' She was in a filthy state, and she
was wretchedly dressed. She died on Tuesday morn-
ing. Dr. D. M. Forbes said that the stomach of the
deceased was empty. The intestines were thin and
contracted from starvation. The woman, who had
no iat upon her body, died from congestion of the
lungs owing to the want of food, privation, neglect,
and exposure to the cold. The coroner said it was
as sad a case as had ever come under his notice.
The jury returned a verdict of * death from starva-
tion.' "
44 Stagnation of Labor.—At a meeting of working-
men, held recently in London to discuss poor-law
reform, one of the speakers stated that4 the children
of twenty thousand widows in London were growing
up beggars and vagrants' because no work could be
found iorthem; and yet there are thirty-one million
acres in the kingdom wanting cultivation ; kept idle
by the great land monopolists. The Star of January
14th says:
"'Yesterday large bodies of men, many of them
even skilled artisans who had recently been paid off
from building-yards, paraded the streets to call at-
tention to their destitute condition, and in all parts
of the city very great distress prevails during the
winter months among all classes of laborers. We
cannot create labor by any State action which con Id
be permanently useful. This question has been re-
cently very ably discussed by Mr. Thomas Beggs.
But might not the poor-law authorities, with their
multitude of organized officials, receive reports from
the varioustowns and districts where laboris wanted,
and make public in some way the localities, and
kinds of skill which are in demand?'".
. Almost every day the papers contain statements
like the following:
" Scenes in London.—A considerable number of
building firms having on Saturday last discharged a
great many of their workmen, including bricklayers,
stone-masons, joiners, plasterers, and bricklayers'
laborers, a large amount of unemployed labor has
been thrown upon the metropolis; and during the
whole of yesterday morning evidences of the fact
were presented in the northern, southern, and west-
ern metropolitan districts. Gangs of men, not of
the 44 common-laborer " type, but composed of com-
fortably-clad men, having all the appearance of
skilled artisans, paraded many of the squares,
chanting in some cases only the old refrain, *' We
have got no work to do." In South London, the
districts of Walworth, Kennington, and Camber-
well were visited by the men, who in these places
were tolerably successful in their solicitations.
Gangs went through Russell, Bedford, Gordon, and
Tavistock squares, and then proceeded to the north-
western district. In the west end the principal
squares and portions of the Chelsea and Kensington
districts were visited, and in almost every place
where the unemployed men asked alms their decent
appearance solicited substantial sympathy* Not
only workmen, but clerks and time-keepers, have
lost their employment by reason of the reductions
in building firms referred to, which have been
caused by the completion of some large contracts
and the temporary suspension of others."
"Expense of Maintaining Paupers.—A London pa-
per of late date says: 4 The mode of assessment on
property in the metropolitan area, and the increas-
ing expenses of maintaining the poor, have caused
several .special meetings of vestries and boards of
guardians in the city to be held within the last
week, at which strong resolutions on the subject
have been passed. A recent call made by the city
of London union on various parishes, under the
provisions of the metropolitan poor act, 1867, has
been the more immediate cause of tho excitoment
which now agitates the city vestries on the subject
of increasng taxation for the relief of the poor,
especially with respect to enormously increasing
charges for casual relief. The following resolution,
passed unanimously by the vestry of All Hallows.
Lombard street, is a fair reflection of the general
opinions expressed by the other city vestries and
boards of guardians: "That this vestry views with
great alarm the increasing expense of the mainte-
nance of the poor, particularly under the very un-
equal assessment now existing in the metropolitan
area, and until a thorough revision of the valuation
for such assessment takes place, this vestry protests
any further proceedings being taken under which
the parishes shall be chargeable for any of the
objects contemplated by the metropolitan poor act,
1867. And this vestry also considers that the erec-
tion of any asylum for the sick poor should, in any
event, be^ stayed until actual necessity is show* for
its establishment. That the increased charges for
casual relief is a crying evil, inducing an immense
number of the most unworthy and objectionable
class of persons to concentrate within the metropol-
itan area, and that repressive measures should at
once be taken to relieve the metropolis of this evil
and the parishes of the charges which bear upon
them.""'
The remedy to wtych public discussion is now
principally devoted is the exportation of paupers to
America and Australia—a piaa# which worked very
well during the great Irish famine, though we ques-
tion whether it would cure the evil under whioh
English society is now groaning. A correspondent
of The Daily News shows some of the difficulties in
the way of this plan, and points out how far it may
be feasible. After all has been done that is possible
in this way, there will still be a large pauper class
unprovided for, and a cure for their poverty must
be found in a reform of the labor system at home.
Such was the condition of things in England
three years ago, and it is said they have not
improved much if at all since. I also submit
an extract from a book by William Hoyle
of Manchester, which was published in 1870,
entitled 11 Our National Resources, and How
They are Wasted:"
44 The present population of the United Kingdom
(1869) is 30,888,210: of these 1,281,651 are returned as
paupers, and6,692 as vagrants.
44 The following table will show the gradual and
eontinued increase in our pauperism. It gives the
number of the pampers in the United Kingdom from
1860 to 1870, inclusive:
Year.
I860..
1861..
1862..
1863.,
1864..
1865.,
1866.
1867.
1868.
1869.
1870.
England and
Wales.
851,020
890,423
946,166
1,142,624
1,009,289
971,433
920.344
958,824
1,034,823
1*039,549
1,079,391
Scotland.
114,209
117,113
118,928
120,284
120,705
121,394
119,608
121,169
128,976
128,339
Ireland.
44,929
50,683
59,541
66,228
68,135
69,217
65,057
68,650
72,925
74,745
73,921
Total.
1,010,158
1,058,219
1,124,635
1,329,136
1,198,129
1,162,044
1,105,009
1,148,643
1,236,724
1,242,633
44 The Government returns as to pauperism and
vagrancy do not, however, by any means represent
the extent of these two evils. They give the num-
ber of paupers on the books on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, and the number of vagrants who apply for
lodging or casual relief on the same day; but this
but very imperfectly portrays the pauperism, &c.,
of the country. According to this method of reckon-
ing, if a man becomes chargeable to the union on
the 2d of January, and comes off again on the 31st
of December, he is not counted,.though he has been
receiving relief during the whole year except two
days. The statistics of the poor law board give the
number of paupers and vagrants relieved on one
day, (which is what they profess to do,) but it does
not give the number of persons who get relief as
paupers and vagrants during the year. This is the
idea generally received, but it is erroneous.
'4In order to get the number of persons who re-
ceived relief during 1869, we must multiply 1,281,651
by 3K which gives 4,485,778. This, then, is the real
number of persons who were chargeable as pau-
pers, at one time or another, during that year,
or nearly one in seven of the entire, population.
Admitting that a considerable number of these
might be persons who applied twice or throe times
over during the year, it would still leave us about
one in every ten of the population as having been
paupers during the course of the year.
44 The Governmentreturns in reference to vagrancy
are even more imperfect and unsatisfactory than
the pauper returns. I have not been able to obtain
any national figures to illustrate this, but it will
be sufficiently manifest if I give the statistics in
reference to one union, the Bury union, in which I
reside.
"The following table gives the number of paupers
and vagrants returned to the poor law board, Jan-
uary 1,1870, and published in their report as repre-
senting the pauperism and vagrancy in the Bury
union, the population of which, in 1861, was 101,112:
Paupers 4,372
Vagrants      11
'* The actual number of cases of pauperism and
vagrancy during the year ending March, 1870, in the
Bury union was as follows:
Number of cases of paupers relieved 15,012
Number of cases of vagrants relieved. 15,474
4'These returns corroborate the figures given by
Mr. Purdy in reference to the pauperism of the
country; and they show that if the total cases of
vagrancy during the year were given, it would,
numerically, be equal or greater than the number
of paupers.
44 No doubt a very large number of the vagrant
cases are from among the paupers, and in a large
proportion of the cases the same parties apply sev-
eral times over in thesameunion, and also at differ-
ent unions; still, it shows that there is a very large
class of our population who have no fixed dweiling-
place; they move about, gettiug a living by begging
or stealing or by imposition upon the public, as may
be most convenient. Adding this class to the pau-
per class, it reveals an amount of destitution and
demoralization in the country that is perfectly
appalling, and that is a lasting disgrace to our
civilization and Christianity."
It is very important that if we wish to avoid
the same state of pauperism in this country
we should be careful to adopt such measures
as will tend to provide employment for all
classes. Mr. Hewitt, commissioner to the
Paris Exposition of 1867. in his report says:
44 The poor-law returns made in England are care-
fully examined, from which it is evident that there
is an army of paupers pressingupon the occupations
of the common laborer, and striving to push him
over the almost insensible line which divides these
two classes from each other. It is not possible that
the laborer should receive more than bare subsistence
wages, and there can be no relief for his patient
suffering so long as there are thousands who, unable
