3826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, aii'd had appointed Mr. Har-
lan, Mr. Pombboy, and Mr. Pratt, as the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
SUPREME COUItT OB' THE DISTRICT.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to re-
port from the Committee for the District of
Columbia—-
Mr. L. MYERS. I have moved to suspend
the rules to assign next Monday evening for
business of the Committee on Patents.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Stabkwkathek] yield for
that motion ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER.. I decline to yield
for the present,. I am directed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report
back with an amendment the bill (H. R. No.
2020) relating to the supreme court of the
District of Columbia.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the justices of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia to provide for the hold-
ing simultaneously of two separate terms
thereof for circuit court business ; to presciibe
the time for holding such terms, and change
the same at their discretion; to direct the
drawing of juries, and make all other rules
and orders necessary or proper for the trans-
action of business nt either of said terms.
The second section provides that from and
and alter the 30th of June, 1872, the salary
of the chief justice of said court shall be
$5,500. and that, of each of the other justices
thereof §5,UOO per annum, payable quarterly
in equal payments at. the Treasury.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, i am directed
by the committee to move an amendment,
striking our the second section of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does not this
bill make an appropriation?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It does not.
The second section provides for an increase
of the salary of the judges; but wo propose
to strike out that, section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But it does
contain an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
second section, which, in the opinion of the
Chair, does not make an appropriation.
The second section was again read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw my
objection to the consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is no appropria-
tion in the bill.
The amendment of the committee, to strike
out the second section, was agreed to.
The bill as amended, which was tveatead as a
new bill, (H. R. No. 2882 ) was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to lecon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION FOltOEAI' AND DUMB.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask to have
taken from the Speaker's table for considera-
tion at the present time, the bill (S. No. U8o)
to regulate the admission of pupils into the
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
'The bill was read for information. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to admit into
the collegiate department of the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb propeily
qualified deaf mutes from the several States in
the manner following, namely : from each State
a number of students not exceeding one half the
number of its Representalives in Congress;
but in the case of States the number of whose
Representatives is not divisible by two wit li-
on t a remainder, the fraction in the quotient,
is to be counted as a unit. Applicants for
admission to the Columbia Institution, under
the provisions of this bill, must be nominated
to the Secretary of the Interior by members
of Congress representing the States to which
they respectively belong ; but in filling vacan-
cies no Representative is to exercise the right
of nomination twice in succession, to the exclu-
sion of other Representatives from the same
State who may desire to make nominations,
the right of nomination being exercised in
alternation.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] will yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will not object to this
bill being taken up if the gentleman will allow
some debate upou it, and also a proposition to
amend.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The bill comes
from the Senate, where it was passed after a
very full investigation. It does not require
any appropriation. The subject has been
before our committee, another bill in sub-
stantially the same language having been
referred to us by the House. We have very
fully investigated the question, and we concur
with the Senate committee in regarding this
measure as entirely perfected. I should hope,
therefore 
Mr. NIBLACK. I shall not object to
tak-'.ng up the bill if the gentleman will allow
me to be heard very briefly and to offer an
amendment. Otherwise I shall have to object,
though I do not wish to do so.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will listen to
the gpntleman's remarks, and afterward hear
his amendment read. If possible I will allow
it to bo offered.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have
always been from the beginning a friend of the
institution for the deaf and dumb, and assisted
on all occasions in getting through appropria-
tions for its benefit, but this is, however, a
new future to which I never agreed, and to
which I must object unless some modification
be allowed, my idea being that these pupils if
admitted at ail to this institution from the
States ought to be admitted on the recom-
mendation of the Governors of the States and
at the expense of the States themselves. I
object to building up an institution in the Dis-
trict of Columbia like this to run parallel to
some extent with our naval and military
academies. I wish no patronage of the sort for
myself or my district, and none for my State.
I desire to offer an amendment to the propo-
sition that if these pupils from the States shall
be admitted at all into this institution it shall
be on the recommendation of the Governors
of the States and at the expense of the States
themselves; and unless that ameiidmeut is
adopted 1 must oppose the whole measure.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker, I
have no objection myself to the feature the
gentleman proposes, that these pupils shall be
admitted on the recommendation of the Gov-
ernor, although I think, in order that jus-
tice may be done in the States, in the large
States especially, the recommendations ought
to be made by members of Congress. It is a
matter worthy of observation that the most of
these deaf mutes are from the poorer classes of
our people, and are, therefore, unable to pay
the expenses necessary to go to the capital of
the Stale and hunt up the Governor for the
purpose of making application for admission
into this institution. They can, however, very
easily apply to their member of Congress.
They can do it without trouble and without
much expense. Members of Congress can
know of these cases themselves. They can
know of worthy cases of deaf mutes, of those
who can neither speak nor hear, and on their
recommendation can give them an opportunity
for education in this institution which they can-
not get anywhere else.
I am aware that we have these institutions
in some of the States, but I am also aware
that in some of the States we have no such
institution, and it is proposed by this bill to
give these deaf mutes an opportunity for edu-
cation which they cannot get in the States.
The gentleman from Indiuna will agree, I
know, that in large States like his own, one
of these deaf mutes living in a remote part
of the State, away from the capital, could
better make application to his member of
Congress than to the Governor of the State. A
poor boy who could neither speak nor hear
could go to his member of Congress and have
him speak for him and make application for
admission into the institution in this city. It
seems to me, under all the circumstances, it
would be better to leave the recommendation
to the member of Congress, rather than to
require these poor people to go hundreds of
miles to hunt up the Governor aud to present
their cases to him.
Mr. NIBLACK. Under this bill there must
be an alternation of recommendations of pupils
to be admitted into this institution between the
several congressional districts, without any ref-
erence whatever to the candidates. I do not
think that is the way in which this thing should
be done if it is to be done at all; but on the
contrary those who are to be permitted to
enter this institution ought to be selected
from the very best pupils without regatd to
locality. As it is proposed here, it is to
be a matter of patronage, to be given to the
various congressional districts all over the
United States. Now, I do not wish it to be
a matter of patronage, but that, the recom-
mendation should be left to the Governor of
each State, and that it should be explicitly
provided that all the expenses should be paid
by the States themselves. If any State lias
sufficient institutions of its own it will not
desire these pupils here, or if any State does
not happen to have an institution, then it will
send deserving pupils to this institution iu
Washington; but it ought to be done at the
expense of the State itself. In my judgment
we ought not to do anything to establish a
great overshadowing Federal institution here
with large patronage to be distributed through
the various congressional districts. As one
of the original friends of this institution I am
opposed to the establishment of this patron-
age to be exercised by members of Congress
each in his own district.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The provision
in the bill is that the number of pupils shail
not exceed one half the number of Representa-
tives; it therefore cannot be an overshad-
owing Federal institution. It seems to ine it
is well for us to recollect the fact in reference
to these expenditures that we have m this
country a class of poor people who cannot
speak or hear, who ought to be taken care of
in the way here provided. We are not asking
for any additional appropriation. We merely
provide that members of Congress shall desig-
nate the pupils who will be allowed to come
here and receive the benefits of this institu-
tion. Can we afford, when we have been so
liberal in reference to all these educational
institutions in the country, to say that these
destitute people shall be deprived of the bene-
fits of this institution, especially when we ask
for no additional appropriation ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The bill as it
now stands gives the right to nominate to
members of the House of Representatives;
but it provides that no Representative shall
exercise the right to nominate twice in suc-
cession, to the exclusion of other Represent-
atives from the said State. I think the pro-
vision should be that the district shall have
the nomination. A district may change its
Representative, and the restriction would not
then apply.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It. is the district
that is meant.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Letthe bill say so.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not think
it necessary to make the change.
Mr. DAWES. I think the House ought to
