2980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
not absolutely prohibitory, revenue is only
obtained in the proportion that the consump-
tion of the imported article bears to the whole
consumption of it.
To illustrate: if a tax of two cents a pound
is imposed on coffee, every cent of the en-
hanced price paid by the consumer because
of the tax goes into the Treasury to defray
the expenses of the Government—a strictly
revenue tariff. If a tax of two cents a pound
is imposed on sail, and by reason thereof no
foreign salt is imported, the price of salt pro-
duced athotne is increased two cents a pound,
all of which is pocketed by the home pro-
ducer; in other words, is taken from the pock-
ets of all who use salt to enrich a few producers
of the article, without in any way relieving
the burdens necessary to suppor; the Govern-
ment: that is the prohibitory protective tariff.
If a tax of two cents a pound is imposed on
iron imported from abroad, and by reason of
it only one tenth of the iron used is imported,
the price of all consumed being increased two
cents a pound, nine tenths of the tax paid by
the people is pocketed by the producer, only
one tenth going to relieve them from the bur-
dens of taxation, which they must draw on
their other resources to meet, as they must
sustain the Government in some way; that
is a highly protective tariff, very much like the
one we are now staggering under, and which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Kel-
ley] and his friends are struggling so hard to
perpetuate.
To accomplish this end they are willing
to remove taxation from anything that sim-
ply produces revenue, and transfers nothing
from the pockets of the consumer to the pock-
ets of their friends, especially if by so doing
1hey can render it impossible to sustain the
Government, and at tlie same time diminish
the tariff or tax now imposed on sueh articles
as they produce, and thus pocket from one
half to three fourths of the tax the mass of
the people are forced to pay ibr their products.
I refer by way of illustration to the repeal of
the duties on tea and coffee, which has been
championed with so much zeal and ability in
both Houses of Congress by the high protect-
ive tarilf advocates from the State of Penn-
sylvania. Those two articles, at. a very mod-
erate tax, paid into the Treasury last year
$19,291,093 44. Not, a dollar of the tax im-
posed on them went anywhere else; no man paid
tor anything he did not get an equivalent for
in diminished taxation elsewhere ; it was purely
a revenue tax; hence the war that, has been
waged on it so successfully in both Houses of
Oongiess. These two articles, at an average
cost per capita, to each inhabitant of about
fifty cents, paid into the Treasury nearly two
million dollars more than iron and all its man-
ufactures, and I eat I in i' and all its manufactures,
as the following table will show:
Valve an J i/uf/i on imported article* f„T the near end-
ho June 30.1871.
Valve. 'Tariff.
Coffee  $29,428,698 27 $10,969,098 77
Ootton, manufactured  20,587,99+ 91 10,773,882 48
Hemp,and manufacturer ;;
Tof    8,013,364 43 1.717,059 47 1!
Iron, and manutactures 'i
v.®f; ;   31,852,034 83 18,766,121 32 11
nteel, and manufactures I1
! of,v-      11.404,084 85 4,892,562 63 !j
beatner, and wanufac- if
'"res "J  10,352,155 34 3.839,679 50 :
hilk, and manufactures I!
Oof-  31,068,252 02 17,965,819 85 1;
kugar  70.802,398 69 32,585,120 16 il
A?'"1-; \ ■;  14,274,488 67 8,322,994 67 "
W ool, and manutactures
n\  52,766,068 37 33,539.475 93
Each man can tell how much it costs him to
get the ij>17,600,000 into the Treasury from
iron and leather manufactures when he finds
thatall the articles composed of either of these
materials cost him anuually almost fifty per
cent,, more _ than they otherwise would, ia
order that his more favored fellow-citizens in
Pennsylvania and elsewhere may be enriched
at his expense.
I If accurate facts and figures are preferred
j they can be found in the admirable and ex-
! haustive speech of my colleague on the com-
| mittee, [Mr. Burchard,] wherein he shows by
I facts and statistics which cannot be success-
fully denied that the people of this country in
addition to all the taxes which find their way
into the Treasury pay annually to the iron
princes of Pennsylvania and elsewhere, in
the form of bounty, pension, tax extortion,
robbery—call it what you will—on the manufac-
tures of iron $24,000,000, or §4,2B0,000 more
than was paid last year on tea and coffee ; the
only difference being that all the tea and coffee
tax went into the Treasury, while not a dollar
of this $24,000,000 on iron did, but was most
likely invested by the beneficiaries in United
States bonds, on which not a cent of tax is
paid toward the support of the Government.
Perhaps the farmer and laborer of the South
and West will be gratified to learn that they
are contributing so liberally to the erection of
1 the palatial residences and princely fortunes
of their eastern brethren. They may feel that
they are compensated for it all by having tea
and coffee put on the free list, and it seemed
almost cruel for my colleague [Mr. Kerr]
to dispel the delusion by such remarks as the
following:
"Under our present tariff, and, indeed, so long as
Government is supported by taxation, the promise
or boast of a 'free breakfast table' is simply an
able-bodied absurdity, no matter how free you make
tea, coffee, and sugar. Let us see. Your tabic is
held together hv taxed nails and hinges, and cov-
ered with a taxedcloth. Your breakfast is prepared
by a cook or a proo<l wife who is clad Irom the soles
ot her feet to the top of her head in taxed clothing,
it is prepared in a stove made of taxed iron, over a
, nre made ot taxed coal, kindled with a taxed match,
and adjusted with taxed shovel and tongs. Your
bread is leavened with taxed soda, salerntus or yeast
powders. Your victuals are served to you on taxed
dishes, and eaten from taxed plates, or drunk out
of taxed cups, saucers, or tumblois, with the aid of
taxed knives, forks, and spoons. Your food is sea-
soned with taxed salt, pepper, vinegar, oil, or other
condiments, iour meal may consist in partof taxed
fruits, such as prunes, figs, raisins, or nuts. Your
bread, potatoes, and other substantial of daily diet,
are produced by the farmer by the aid of taxed imple-
ments of overy kind, and brought to your house over
railroads or on wagons made of taxed iron and steel,
lour good wife is even compelled to seek culinary
wisdom from a' cook-book' printed on taxed paper
with taxed ink and taxed type. Let us reform or
abolish all these covert, mean, vexatious, dishonest
and oppressive taxes, that pa.y much to monopoly
and favorites and little or nothing to the Treasury.
Then we can wisely turn to those taxes which con-
tribute to the support of the State alone, and never
to monopoly, rings, or favorites."
I hope our laboring men will keep a mem-
orandum of the prices they now pay for coffee
by the pound, and of what they will pay when
the tax is removed. I venture to predict that
the man who buys by the pound at a time,
especially in States like Kentucky, where pen-
nies are unknown as change, will not be able
to buy his coffee from the retailer one cent a
pound cheaper after the tax is removed than
lie does now, and that the pretended relief
will prove a delusion. Gentlemen are mis-
taken when they assume that tea and coffee
were not considered proper subjects of tax-
ation during the old Democratic administra-
tions. The fathers of the Republic, by the
tariff of 1792, imposed a duty of 4 cents a
pound on coffee, and 10 cents, 18 cents, and
32 cents per pound on tea. Under the tariff
from 1812 to 3816 the duty was 10 cents on
coffee, and 24 cents, 36 cents, and 64 cents
on tea: under the tariff of 1824, coffee was
taxed 5 cents, and tea 12 cents, 25 cents
and 50 cents. The tariff of 1832 taxed tea
10 cents a pound and made coffee free. For
the first time since the formation of the Gov-
ernment, tea and coffee were both put on
the free list by the tariff of 1842, after the
rout of the Democratic party by the Whigs
under General Harrison, and were doubtless
made free by the managers then, as they are
sought to be now, for the purpose of making
it necessary to raise the means to carry on the
Government by taxing articles and industries
which were sought to be protected by the tariff
imposed on similar products imported from
foreign countries. The high protective tariff
of 1842 did more than all else to drive the*
Whigs from power in 1844. Its odious exac-
tions and discriminations in favor of protected
interests brought down denunciations loud and
deep upon its authors and adherents, though
the average duties were only twenty-eight and
a half per cent. It, was repealed in 1846, and
the average rates from that time till 1857 were'
twenty-five per cent., which, by the tariff of
that year, was reduced to about nineteen
which was the average on dutiables when our
present high tariff system was inaugurated in
1861.
1 have been induced to make these remarks
in advance, because the committee has ven-
tured to ask the House to reconsider its action
and continue a reduced tax on tea and coffee
which will produce, say $16,000,000 of reve-
nue, instead of putting them on the free list.
We have, of course, very little hope that our
recommendation will be heeded after all that
has taken place. Still we owed something to
ourselves, and we have therefore resubmitted
the question ; while doing so, we had as pru-
dent men to make the other reductions upon
the hypothesis that tea and coffee would be
made free hereafter. The real reduction of
revenue in the tariff bill, if that is done, will
be $33,000,000, instead of about $19,000,000
as presented and generally accepted. In the
face of our bill the reduction on tea and coffee
is only $5,297,948.
If we are sustained, the other $14,000,000
now derived from these articles can, by proper
amendments, be taken from the present taxes
on salt, coal, and the manufactures of iron, cot- -
ton. woolens, &c., and by a greatly extended
free list; but we could not safely assume that
vve would be sustained, as both the House and
, Senate had determined otherwise. I do not
complain of the conduct of the House. I re-
gret it, and felt at the time that the action
taken so early in the session was a vote of
want of confidence in the committee, which
seriously embarrassed all their future deliber-
ations. It was the first time since the war that
any Speaker had ventured to constitute a Com-
1 mittee ot Ways and Means a majority of
which was in favor of revenue reform, and
while we expected attacks to be made in the
House by gentlemen like Mr. Kelley and Mr.
Mercur, of Pennsylvania, and in the Senate by
Mr. Scott, of Pennsylvania, and their high
protective adherents, we did not expect to
be crippled in all our efforts by the union of our
own iriendswuh theprotectionists. Itisalways
fair to assume that the representatives of pro-
tected interests which are enriched at the ex-
pense of the mass of the people, will take no
step however plausible which does not tend
to perpetuate their own monopolies. " Timeo
Danaos ei dona ferentesso when Pennsyl-
vania protectionists lead the Democratic hosts
to reduce taxation, and paralyze the action of
the Democratic and revenue reform wing of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I fear it
bodes no good to an oppressed and tax-ridden
people.
It is one thing to reduce revenue simply,
and another and a very different thing to re-
duce taxation unjustly imposed and improp-
erly maintained. Every form of taxation is
odious, and human ingenuity has not, and
perhaps never will, devise a system which will
operate with perfect justice and equality. The
framers of the Constitution could think of no
better method in which to impose direct taxes
than to apportion them among the several
States according to the number of their re-
spective inhabitants. Yet every man knows
that if that mode of taxation was resorted to
to-day to raiso the revenue necessary to sup-
port the Government, the plundered and pov-
erty-stricken people of the southern States
would have to pay five times as much in pro-
portion to their wealth as the inhabitants of
