1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
three weeks from Thursday, after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill was read. It provides in its first
section that hereafter it shall be unlawful for
any member of either House of Congress or
Delegate from a Territory, verbally or in writ-
ing, directly or indirectly, or by any agent
or third person, to solicit or recommend, or
advise the President of the United States, or
any head of a Department, or of any bureau
thereof, or any official who has by law power
to nominate or appoint to positions in the
civil service of the United States, to nominate
or appoint, or to refuse to nominate or appoint,
any person to, or to remove any person from,
office or employment in the civil service, ex-
cept as hereinafter provided.
In its second section it provides that when-
ever the President or the head of a Depart-
ment shall, in writing, ask the opinion or ad-
vice of a member of Congress or a Delegate
from a Territory, respecting any appointment
or removal, such member or Delegate may, in
writing only, give his advice or opinion respect-
ing such appointment or removal. And such
member or Delegate may also, without being
requested so to do, give in writing to the Pres-
ident or head of Department any information
which such member or Delegate may have of
the misconduct or unfaithfulness of any person
in the civil service. Any such information,
advice, or opinion given to the President or
head of a Department by any member or Dele-
gate shall be regarded as official, and shall at
ail times be open to the inspection of members
and Delegates; and copies thereof shall be
transmitted to either House of Congress when-
ever called for by them for iufoimation or pub-
lication. Ail appointments and removals con-
cerning which communications shall have been
received by the President or heads of Depart-
ments fro in members or Delegates shall be
reported to Congress at the session thereof
next after such appointment or removal shall
have been made, together with all correspond-
ence with or communications from members
or Delegates respecting the same.
In its third section it provides that any per-
son who shall violate any of the provisions of
this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction thereof shall bo lined not less
than $100 and not more than $1,000.
Mr. WILLARD. At the suggestion of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who desiies
that this may not be in the way of the business
of the House, I shall ask that the bill be made
the special order for four weeks from Thurs-
day, after the morning hour, and from day to
day thereafter nut.il disposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
not make it a special order from day to day.
Mr. PETERS. Why should this bill be
made a special order more than all the other
business of'the House ?
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to answer.
Mr. PETERS. Unless the time is limited
I shall object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. II the bill should be made
a special order for one day, and if it were not
closed up in that day, would it then lose its
place?
The SPEAKER. It would. The gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Willakd] asks that
the bill be made a special order for four weeks
from Thursday, and from day to day until dis-
posed of. *
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. WILLARD. Then I ask that it be made
the special order for that day and the day fol-
lowing.
Mr. PETERS. What would be the effect
of that?
The SPEAKER. It would simply be made
a special order, and would be so journalized.
It would be subject to a vote postponing it,
and if the House, by voting to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole, or making other dispo-
sition of business, should pass by this bill, it
would lose its place on the Calendar, and the
gentleman would lose any control over it.
But if it should be made a special order on
Thursday four weeks, for a particular hour—
and the gentleman had better fix a particular
hour 
Mr. WILLARD. I will say two o'clock.
The SPEAKER. To the exclusion of all
other orders, then the House would be bound
to consider it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And let it be
arranged at the same time that the previous
question shall be called at some particular
hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object to the bill being
made anything else than a special order for a
particular day.
Mr. HOLMAN. That would give the com-
mittee but one day on that bill.'
Mr. WILLARD. If the House will indulge
me a moment, I desire to say a few words
about this matter. This Committee on the
Reorganization of the Civil Service was ap-
pointed early this session, and made a select
committee on so much of the President's mes-
sage as submitted to the House suggestions
in respect to the reorganization of the civil
service. Subsequently the President sent to
this House a message containing the report
of a commission which he had appointed. That
commission reported certain rules and regu-
lations which are to govern any appointments
to the civil service. In the judgment at least
of some members of the committee this bill
is directly in aid of those regulations.
Now, sir, if I may be allowed to allude to
the newspapers of the country, I think I may
say that they have, with some propriety, called
the attention of the country to the fact that
this committee, having been in session for two
or three months, finally came into the House
with a bill regulating the appointment and
compensation of clerks of committees of the
House ; and such newspapers inquired with
great pouinency whether the committee had
yet considered the vital question of the reform
of the civil service. .
Now, sir, let me say if when the committee
come before the House and offer a bill in aid of
the recommendation of the President of the
United States, the Republican party is pre-
pared to say that only one day shall be allowed
lor the discussion of that bill, I ask who in this
House is standing by the President of the Uni-
ted States? Who in this House is in favor of
genuine civil service reform? Who in this
House is ready to put himself on record to-day,
when a committee constituted upon a recom-
mendation of the President comes here with
this bill, as insisting that that committee shall
have only one day in this House to consider
this subject ? If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] is prepared to say that
one day is enough lo consider this question,
which 1 bog leave to say is, in my judgment,
one of the most important ever considered by
the Congress of the United Stales, I am willing
to go to the country with him and ask judg-
ment upon our respective positions. I believe
that one day is not enough to discuss this great
subject, and I ask that we may have at least
two days for the consideration of so important
a measure.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not consent to less than three days.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to have action
upon the bill. I do not intend to allow the gen-
tleman from Vermont or anybody else to come
in here with a bill upon this subject, which has
been discussed in this House tor the last two
years, and postpone it for four weeks, when he
ha3 the floor to-day and can call for a vote
upon it. He proposes to postpone it for four
weeks, until just the time when the appropri-
ation bills and other impoitant legislation that
must come in at that time will be crowding it
out, and he asks for a special order to run on
indefinitely for mere breath. I want a vote on
it. If thegentleman from Vermont and others
who desire to pass this bill really wish action
upon it, let them give us action, and not ever-
lasting debate. .
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry, and I call the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field ] to that inquiry. It is whether the
House, in the present condition of business,
can proceed at once to the consideration of
the bill now introduced?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope that will
be done. No more important question can
possibly come before us.
Mr. HOLMAN. My inquiry is whether,
consistently with the business now before us,
the bill last reported by the gentleman from
Vermont can be taken up for consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly
does not present that as a parliamentary
question. It is the duty of the Chair to
rule upon the order of business, but not to
dictate what the order of business shall be.
If the House wishes to take up the bill there
is nothing in the rules to prevent it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent on the part of the committee that when
the bill now pending in relation to clerkships
of the committees of the House is disposed of,
the bill oi the gentleman from Vermont shall
be immediately taken up and considered from
day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will see
that at the expiration of the morning hour a
motion to go to the Speaker's table and then
a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
would immediately turn the House from the
consideration of the bill. Does the gentle-
man mean that the pending bill shall be taken
out of the morning hour and considered iu
the House until disposed of?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. And that immediately
thereafter the other bill now offered by the
gentleman irom Vermont shall be taken up
in the same way ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER.. That makes an intelli-
gible proposition. The gentleman asks that
the pending bill may be considered continu-
ously in the House until disposed of, and that
immediately thereafter the bill of the gentle-
man from Vermont shall be considered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.
Mr. WILLARD. I wish to ask a parlia-
mentary question. The bill has been reported
to the House. If the House refuses to allow
a day to be fixed for its consideration, does it
not remain before the House until disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himsel-f
will perceive that in a technical sense this bill
has not yet been reported strictly from the
committee to the House. The House can con-
sider but one bill at a time. Pending the con-
sideration of the bill in relation to clerks of
this House, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] a colleague upon the committee of
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,]
yielded to him to ask unanimous consent to
have this bill reported and made a special
order at the time named. But in no proper
sense is the bill now before the House.
Mr. WILLARD. It is due to the commit-
tee that I should state that the committee
instructed .its chairman to ask that this bill be
assigned.for consideration for Thursday of
week after next. That was considered as
early a day as they deemed it wise to name,
in view of the fact that many members of the
House might desire to examine the bill care-
fully before it should come up for discussion.
But upon consultation with the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Gar-
field] and the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes.] and other
gentlemen, who might want to "bring other
