242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
tbat standing among them, and I think I do
them no disservice 111 taking the views I do
respecting their rights.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we have a
vindication on this floor of inequality as a prin-
ciple, as a political rule.
Mr. HILL. On which race, I would inquire,
does (he inequality to which the Senator refers
operate ?
Mr. SUMNER. On both. Why, the Sen-
ator would not allow a white man to go into
the same car with a colored man. _
Mr. HILL. Not unless he was invited, per-
haps. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The Senator
mistakes substitutes for equality. Equality is
where all are alike. A substitute can never
take the place of equality. It is impossible ;
it is absurd. And slill further, I must remind
the Senator that it is very unjust; it is terribly
unjust. Why, sir, we have had in this Cham-
ber a colored Senator from Mississippi; but
according to the rule of the Senator from
Georgia we should have set him apart by him-
self ; he should not have sat with his brother
Senators. Do I understand the Senator from
Georgia as favoring such a rule ?
Mr. HILL. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not.
Mr. HILL. I do not, sir, for this reason :
it is under the instimtions of the country that
he becomes entitled by law to his seat here ;
we have no right to deny it to him.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; and I intend
to the best, of my ability to see that under the
institutions of his country he is equal every-
where. The Senator says he is equal here in
this Chamber. I say he should be equal in rights
everywhere ; and why not, I ask the Senator
from Georgia ? Why not ? He comes forward
now the vindicator of a discarded barbarism,
of inequality. I wish him to vindicate it. Let
him assign the reason.
' Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that I think his definition of rights
differs materially from my own. What he may
term a right may be the right of any man that
pleases to come into my parlor and to be my
guest. That is not the right of any colored man
upon earth, nor of any white man, unless it is
agreeable to me. The Senator may contend
that it is the right of any man, under the in-
stitutions of this nation, to intermarry with any
caste that he pleases. I think that such mat-
ters are subject to municipal regulation by the
States for their own people; and I think I
shall adhere to that opinion, though lam open
to the arguments the Senator may offer, if he
can convince me to the contrary. I am one of
those who have believed that when it pleased
the Creator of heaven and earth to make dif-
ferent races of men it was His purpose to
keep them distinct and separate. I think so
now. I do not know whether the Senator in-
tends to include that among the many rights
that have been denied to this despised class
of which he speaks.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, now we see
where tlie Senator is. He admits that herein
this highest council Chamber there is, and
there should be, perfect equality before ihe
law; but descend fro:-n this Chamber into the
hotel, on the railroad, into the common school,
and there there is no equality before the law,
according to the Senator. lie does not com-
plain because all are equal here in this Cham-
ber. I know not whether he does not com-
plain because all are equal in the other Cham-
ber. But now I should like to ask the Senator
from Georgia, if he will allow me, whether, in
his judgment, the colored Representatives
from Georgia and South Carolina in the other
Chamber ought not on railroads and at
hotels to have the same rights that he has him-
self? I ask that precise question.
Mr. HILL. I will answer that question in
this manner : I myself am subject in hotels
and upon railroads to the regulations pro-
vided by the hotel proprietors for thtir guests,
and by the railroad companies for their pas-
sengers. I am entitled, and so is the colored
man, to all the security and comfort that either
presents to the most favored guest or passen-
ger ; but I maintain that proximity to a colored
man does notincrease my comfort or security,
nor does proximity to me 011 his part increase
his; and therefore it is not a denial of any
right in either case.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator if
he is excluded from any right 011 account of
his color? The Senator says he is sometimes
excluded from something at hotels or on rail-
roads. I ask whether there is any exclusion
on account of color, that bears 011 him ?
Mr. HILL. I answer the Senator. I have
been excluded from ladies' cars on railroads.
I do not know 011 what account precisely; I do
not know whether it was 011 account of my
color; but I think it more likely that it was
on account of my sex. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator, as I un-
derstand, insists that it is proper on account
of color. That is his conclusion.
Mr. HILL. No; I insist that it is no denial
of a right, provided allthecomfortandsecurity
be furnished to passengers alike.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not seem
to see that any rule excluding a man on account
of his color is an indignity, an insult, and a
wrong; and he makes himself on this floorthe
representative of indignity, of insult, and of
wrong to the colored race. Why, sir, his State
ha3 a large colored population, and he turns
upon them to deny them their rights.
Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say to him that it will take him and
others, if there should be any others who so
believe, a good while to convince the colored
people of the State of Georgia who know me,
that I would deprive them of any right to which
they are entitled, though it were only techni-
cal ; but in matters of pure taste I cannot get
away from the idea that I do them no injustice
if I separate them on some occasions from the
other race. I do not say it is because of any
prejudice; on the contrary, I deny feeling
prejudice or contempt for any man because
he is black, for I have seen some colored men
for whom I have the highest esteem, the
greatest regard, and in whom I have the great-
est confidence. It is not the fault of the race
that, socially, they are not the equals of the
white race to-day; nor is it incumbent upon
every philanthropist to devote every spare
hour to the elevation of the race. It may
suit the Senator from Massachusetts to do
this, but for myself I have other employment.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator makes a mistake which has been made
for a generation in this Chamber, confounding
what belongs to society with what belongs to
rights. Now, there is no question of society
here. The Senator may choose his associates
as he pleases. They may be white or black,
or between the two. That is simply a social
question, and nobody proposes to interfere
with it. That taste which the Senator has now
declared belongs to him he will have free lib-
erty to exercise always, selecting always his
associates; but when it comes to rights, there
the Senator must obey the law, and I insist
that by the law of the land all persons without
distinction of color shall be equal before the
law. Show me, therefore, a legal institution,
anything created or regulated by law, and I
show you what must be opened equally to all
without distinction of color. Notoriously, the
hotel is a legal institution, originally estab-
lished by the common law, subject to minute
provisions and regulations; notoriously, pub-
lic conveyances are in the nature of common
carriers subject to a law of their own ; noto-
riously, schools are public institutions created
and maintained by law; and now I simply
insist that in the enjoyment of those institu-
tions there shall be no exclusion on account
of color. Does the Senator forget that a late
eminent citizen of Louisiana, Governor Dunn,
who was buried the other day with sixty thou-
sand persons in the streets followinghisfum-ral,
011 his way to this capital was treated with in-
dignity in the cars, and excluded irom those
proper comforts and conveniences which the
Senator from Georgia would claim?
Mr. HILL. 'I know nothing of the particu-
lars in Lieutenant Governor Dunn's case,
though I have seen some notice of it and have
heard something before, perhaps in this Cham-
ber, in relation to it; but I ask the Senator if
he himself thinks, whatever it may have been,
that the injustice done hiin wan any greater
because he was a Lieutenant Governor than if
he had been the humblest black man iu the
nation?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I insist upon
equal rights for all, for the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor and the humblest citizen ; but I take the
case of the Lieutenant Governor as making
the injustice still more conspicuous. Sir, you
buried him with all possible honor, the streets
thronging with sympathetic spectators, and yet
you allowed him to travel from New Orleans
to Washington and be insulted 011 the way.
And why? For his color.
Mr. HILL. I beg to say to the Senator, if
that did occur, if he was insulted on account
of his color or on any other account, I do not
approve of any insult olfered ; but I ttill insist
that if it only consisted in putting him in a cur
that was designed for colored people, and if
the car was equal in comfort to a first class
passenger-car, there was no injustice done
him. That is the distinction.
Now, I would have the Senator to under-
stand that I am not greatly afflicted or gtioved
that I ride by the side of colored passengers
in your street cars here in this city. If they
appear to be decent, quiet people, well clothed,
it does not disturb me at all; but yet I cannot
see, if this railroad company should choose So
have a separate car for colored people, equal
in comfort to the one that is provided for the
whites, that it might not do so and still do no
injustice to the colored population. The Sen-
ator says it is everything because they are
denied association. I think their association
upon railways is worth very little. I do not
care whether I see anybody at all upon them
generally if you give me the comforts of a
good ride.
I must confess, sir, that I cannot see the
magnitude of this subject. I object to this
great Government descending to the business
of regulating the hotels and the common tav-
erns of this country, and the street railroad-1,
stage.-coaches, and everything of thatsoit. It
looks to me to be a petty business for the Gov-
ernment of the United States, with all defer-
ence to the Senator, though he regards it as
of greater importance than any other subject
before the country.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I would
not have my country descend; I would have
it ascend. I wish it now to rise to the heights
of the Declaration of Independence. Then
and there did we pledge ourselves to thegreat
truth that all men are equal iu rights. And
now a Senator from Georgia rises on this tloor
and denies it. He denies it by a subtlety.
While pretending to admit it, he would over-
throw it. lie would adopt a substitute for
equality. The Senator says that the colored
people may have in the cars the same conven-
iences. Does not the Senator know that Gov-
ernor Dunn on his way here had not the same
conveniences, that he was' treated with indig-
nity and put to personal hardship, as he him-
self recounted to me on this door?
Mr. HILL. No, sir, I do not know that.
Mr. SUMNER, Very well; now 1 tell it to
the Senator.
Mr. HILL. With the permission of the Sen-
ator, I will ask lmu if this proposition docs not
involve on the part of this Government, an
inhibition upon railroad companies of iii'st,
Second, and third class car -'?
Mr. SUMNER. Notatuli, That ia timply
