1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
a question of price. It involves only an inhibi-
tion upon an inequality founded upon color.
I had thought that all those inequalities were
buried under the tree at Appomattox Court-
House, but the Senator from Georgia digs them
up and brings them into the Senate Chamber.
Sir, there never can be an end to this dis-
cussion until all men are assured in equal
rights. Vain is it for the Senator to make the
distinction that he does. He insults a whole
race; he insults half the voting population of
his State; he insults the Declaration of Inde-
pendence.
Sir, I would not speak too warmly on this
question,but I understand it, and I know where
wrong is done, and I will not see wrong any-
where within the reach of my influence with-
out trying to remedy it. What greater wrong
at this moment is there throughout this Repub-
lic than the wrong which the Senator from Geor-
gia now champions? Why, sir,he comes into
this Chamber, and, with an immense colored
population at his back, makes himself the rep-
resentative of a discrimination by which they
are degraded, and then he sets up the excuse
that an equivalent is equality. Sir, that will
not do. The Senator must reconsider his
position.
Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state to him that in his diffusive charity
perhaps he had better extend some of it to me.
It is not to be expected by the Senator that I
should get away in a few brief years from what
lie is disposed to consider the prejudices of a
life-time, though I do not so regard them. He
must lift me up, as he would this population
about which he is so solicitous, to higher and
nobler views of duty. But he has not yet suc-
ceeded in convincing the great mass of minds,
even in the far North and East, that these
views of his are practical or that they are ab-
solutely necessary. I am willing to yield one
thing to the Senator, and that is, that I believe
they are in harmony with the teachings of his
life, and I accord him all sincerity and con-
sistency upon the subject.
In addition to these philanthropic views, I
expect the Senator to go a step further and
entertain us with some disquisition upon the
much-denied rights of the women of this
country. I shall expect to hear that next.
When we get through with this proposition,
we shall get to the other. I am prepared to
hear that. Some are more excited on that
subject than they are on the one we are now
discussing.
But 1 cannot at this time give up what
I consider to be the fixed sentiment of the
.country, and in which I insist that no injustice
is done to anybody. I think I myself have on
occasions ridden in cars on railroads with col-
ored people where I have borne the incon-
venience that it occasioned with more patience
than the Senator from Massachusetts would
have done, who, whatever I may have said on
the subject of taste, is in general, I think,
quite as fastidious as I am. I do not know
that among the guests that he entertains of the
colored race, he is visited so often by the hum-
ble as I myself am. I think those who call
upon him are gentlemen of title and of some
distinction ; they may be Lieutenant Govern-
ors, members of the two Houses here, mem-
bers of State Legislatures, &c. My associa-
tions have been more with the lower strata of
the colored people than with the upper.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is no
personal question between the Senator and
myself 
Mr. HILL. None whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. He proclaims his relations
with the colored race. I say nothing about
mine; I shall leave that toothers. But the
Senator still insists upon his dogma of inequal-
ity. Senators have heard him again and again
how lie comes around by a vicious circle to the
same point, that an equivalent is equality. And
when I mention the case of Governor Dunn,
he does not even admit that Governor Dunn
coming from New Orleans to Washington upon
the public service ought to have been treated
like himself on the cars. On the contrary, I
understand the Senator to say that he, the
Senator from Georgia, should on the ears
enjoy a different treatment from that of Gov-
ernor Dunn.
Mr. HILL. No, sir; I have distinctly dis-
claimed that I ought to be. When he pays his
money, he is entitled to as much comfort and
as much convenience as I am.
Mr. SUMNEft. Now let me ask the Sen-
ator whether in this world the personal respect
that one receives is not an element of comfort?
If a person is treated with indignity, can he
be comfortable?
Mr. HILL. I will answer the Senator that
no one can condemn more strongly than I do
any indignity visited upon a person merely
because of color.
Mr. SUMNER. But when you exclude cer-
tain persons from the comforts of travel simply
on account of color do you not offer them an
indignity?
Mr. HILL. I say it is the fault of the rail-
road companies if they do not provide com-
forts for all their passengers and make them
equal where they pay equal fare.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The Senator
says it is the fault of the railroad company. I
propose to reach it. I propose to make it im-
possible for the railroad company to offer an
indignity to a colored man more than to the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. HILL. Right there the Senator and I
divide upon this question. What the Senator
calls comfort is to mix up the passengers on a
railroad, putting one black man and one
white man side by side, throughout the train,
I suppose. I do not see, myself, that that would
be the utmost comfort. It might be to some;
I do not know how it might be with the Sena-
tor himself; but I confess to having a little
penchant for the white race, and if I were going
on a long journey, and desired a companion,
I should prefer to select him from my own
race.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The Senator
comes around then again to his other point of
taste. It is not according to his taste, and
therefore he offers an indignity to the colored
man.
Mr. HILL. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not according to his
taste ; that is all. Now, how often shall I say
that this is no question of taste ; it is no ques-
tion of society ; it is a stern, austere, hard ques-
tion of rights. And that is the way that I present
the question to the Senate. There is no taste
about it; there is no society about it; it is
simply a question of equal rights.
Now, I am going to ask the Senator another
question. He remembers that there was a
famous commission sent down to St. Domingo
to obtain all sorts of information with regard
to that beautiful island ; that on that commis-
sion, and one of the most eminent, certainly
not inferior to any member of the commission,
was Frederick Douglass. Does the Senator
know that when that commission was within
sight of Washington, within sight of the Pres-
ident's House, the house of that President
that had sent the commission on this errand,
Frederick Douglass, one of these commission-
ers, was excluded from the table on board the
mail-packet boat where his brother commis-
sioners were already seated? He was ex-
cluded on account of his color—-he, with the
commission of the President in his pocket
returning from service abroad; and I under-
stand the Senator from Georgia to rise in his
seat here and to vindicate that exclusion.
Mr. HILL. I have heard of that transac-
tion. All I have to say about it is this: I have
never been the author of steamboat regula-
tions ; but if the other commissioners had pre-
ferred a request to the captain of the boat that
Mr. Douglass should be permitted to dine with
them, I think the captain of the boat ought to
have accordcd to the associate commissioners
something to gratify them ; but that officer, I
take it, had been instructed by his employers
to make a distinction between his colored pas-
sengers and the white passengers. It would
certainly be very awkward to make distinction
between persons of the same race on account
of rank and intelligence. Hence the question
I asked the Senator some time ago, when he
cited the case of Lieutenant Governor Dunn:
whether the humblest colored man should not
have received equal treatment from white peo-
ple with that Lieutenant Governor? Upon the
same principle the Senator would complain, if
some dirty, ordinary black man had proposed
to take a seat at that table with the other guests,
if he was not permitted to do it as Mr. Doug-
lass was, if Mr. Douglass had been jjermilted
on account of his having this commission in his
pocket, and on account ofhis high and acknowl-
edged intelligence and of his associations. The
regulation, I suppose, left the officer no dis-
cretion. If the company have a right under
existing laws to prescribe rules for their boats,
and that is no infringement of the Constitution
of the country or of any existing law, am I to
be arraigned? If I do not condemn them for
not inaugurating a system of broad equality
among their passengers, such as the Senator
desires, am I therefore to be blamed for this?
I stand up here to say that I think they have
this right. I do not know who has taken it
away from them. Certainly if they had it not,
the Senator would have seen that they were
compelled to the observance of what he deems
proper and legal before this day, judging from
the zeal that he has shown.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, Mr. President;
now we have arrived at a new stage in this case.
The Senator from Georgia again vindicates the
exclusion of Frederick Douglass; and on what
ground does he put it? That it was in pursu-
ance of a regulation of the steamboat company,
and the steamboat company had the right to
make the regulation. That is just where Con-
gress must interfere; it must annul all such
regulations; it must make any such wrong
impossible, whether in a steamboat or on a
rail-car. We have the case now opened by
the Senator from Georgia. He insists that a
railroad company or a steamboat company may
make these regulations in defiance of equality.
I insist that then Congress must interfere to set
them aside. And here, again, I wish it under-
stood that there is no question of social life.
How often have we had that introduced into
this Chamber 1 In old days, when slavery was
arraigned, the constant inquiry of those who
represented slavery was, "Are you willing to
associate with the colored persons; will you
take these slaves, as your equals, into your
families?" Why, sir, was there ever a more
illogical inquiry ? What has that to do with
the question ? A question of rights cannot be
encountered by any social question. I may
have whom I please as my triend, as my ac-
quaintance, as my associate, and so may the
Senator; but I cannot deny any human beiag,
the humblest, any right of equality. He must
be equal before the law or the promises of
the Declaration of Independence are not yet
fulfilled.
And now, sir, I pledge myself, so long as
any strength remains in me, to press this ques-
tion to a successful end. I will not see the
colored race of this country treated with
indignity on the grounds assigned by the Sen-
ator from Georgia. I am their defender.
The Senator may deride me, and may repre-
sent me as giving too much time to what he
calls a very small question. Sir, no question
of human rights is small. Every question by
which the equal rights of all are affected is
transcendent. It cannot be magnified. But
here are the rights of a whole race, not merely
the rights of an individual, not merely the rights
of two or three or four, but the rights of a
whole race, recognized as citizens, voting,
helping to place the Senator here in this
