3828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
that it shall not be at any point nearer than
three squares from the eastern boundary of
our park east of this Capitol.
Mr. CHIPMAN. The theory of this bill is
this: first to provide a connection between the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, which now term-
inates at the depot to which the gentleman
has referred, through a tunnel, instead of across
Pennsylvania avenue below the Capitol, and
their southern connections. Now, the com-
mittee examined the ground somewhat care-
fully and found that the most economical as
well as the most direct connection was by
means of one of these three streets, B, C, or D
street, thence underground, coining out again
at Delaware avenue or First street east. In
coming out at either of those points they will
then be one square from the proposed exten-
sion of the Capitol grounds and not in sight of
the Capitol at all. If you drive the north-
eastern entrance of this tunnel three squares
away, you will force it under at least three
squares of private property. But, by taking
the route which the committee has suggested,
the road will pass under public property, and
not interfere with private property at all, except
for the last square near Delaware avenue.
I believe it 13 the purpose of Mr. Garrett,
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, to remove
his depot. He recognizes the fact that it is
no longer adequate for the public accommoda-
tion, that, it is improperly located, and that
the public sentiment demands its removal.
This connection will furnish a solution of that
question, and enable Mr. Garrett to remove
that depot. It is suggested that all of the
depots should be in the lower pait of the city,
to the south of the Mall, or public grounds.
That cannot be accomplished except by this
tunnel, or by passing across Pennsylvania
avenue, which is abhorrent to the feelings of
all of us.
This is nothing but the right of way granted
by this bill. The whole question as to the
depot is left subject to future legislation. I
believe our committee are unanimous in re-
gard to this measure. It is put in the alterna-
tive " B, C, or D street south, " and " Dela-
ware avenue or First street east," and left
discretionary with the engineer in charge of
public buildings and grounds, for the reason
that we supposed he was probably the best
officer to guard the interest of the public
grounds. The committee did not feel them-
selves competent to say which street or which
route should be adopted; and they considered
that the engineer- in charge of public build-
ings and grounds was a safe and proper
ofiicer to leave that, discretion with.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CHIPMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not
B street south the street right out here by the
engine-house, south of the Capitol?
Mr. CHIPMAN. B street south is the first
street south of the Capitol grounds; and this
tunnel should not pass under it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does not
this bill give that right?
Mr. CHIPMAN. It, leaves it in the alter-
native.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
we may be sure that they will take the best
alternative.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I am willing to strike out
B street.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have prepared
two amendments to carry out the views I have
suggested. The first is to strike out " B, C, or
D," and to insert in lieu "D or E." My sec-
ond amendment is to strikeout "Delaware
avenue or First street east, thence along said
avenue or street," and to insert in lieu toereof
"Third or Fourth street east, and thence
along Sbid Third or Fourth street."
Mr. CHIPMAN. That last amendment is
impractic ble.
The first amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon agreeing to the sec-
ond amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I desire to say
that gentlemen will remember that when these
two additional squares are brought into the
public grounds of the Capitol, First street east
will be the boundary of those public grounds
lying along the front of the Capitol. Now,
if we say that this road may come out on First
street east we will allow it to come out on the
very line of our public grounds.
Mr. CREBS. Not at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly you
will; you cannot help it ; it is all square, rec-
tangular work. First street east is the street
on which our public grounds here front. If
you allow that railroad track to be on that
street and to proceed along it until it makes
connection with the track of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, of course on the very street
on which the grounds front there will be a
railroad. We will then have a railroad before
us, and a railroad behind us, and a railroad
under us.
Now, I ask that this railroad may be re-
moved as far as Third street or Fourth street,
which will be either two or three squares away
from the Capitol grounds.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
is mistaken. One object we had in view in
reporting the bill was to get rid of this depot
down here.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We shall cer-
tainly get rid of it if we put the railroad as
far off as I propose.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We know that
if this connection be made, the tendency will
be to put this depot at some distance away,
where it will not be an inconvenience or an-
noyance. Now, I have no objection to Second
street or Third street, but Fourth street would
be entirely impracticable ; indeed I think that
Thitd street would be. Second street would
place the road two squares beyond our Capi-
tol grounds as extended.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, sir; one
square. First street is one of the boundaries
of our grounds; Second street would be one
square away; Third street would be two
squares away. My amendment allows the
road to come within two squares. Let me say
that 1 am delighted that the gentleman in
charge of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
has intimated to somebody his sovereign will
and pleasure to relieve us some day or other
of the depot down here. Now, if we allow
him to come within two squares of one of the
loveliest parks in front of any Capitol iu the
world, I think he ought to be satisfied.
Mr. CREBS. You now allow a railroad to
come right through your Capitol grounds.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And we have
been trying in vain to get rid of it.
Mr. CHI P.MAN. There is a charter this
day in existence that allows this very thing to
be done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
(Mr. Dawes in the chair,) I recollect a quo-
tation made one day by you in this House, and
the same day in the Senate by a colleague of
yours, [Mr. Sumxeii]—
"1 hear a lion in the lobby roar;
Say, Mr. Speaker, shall we shut the door
And'keep him there, or shall we let Inm in
Xo try if we can turn him out again ?"
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker,
you have said a great many good things, and
you never said a better thing than that. Do
we not by this proposition as effectually "shut
the door" as by the proposition which the
gentleman from Ohio is urging? We simply
seek to establish the natural connections of
this road, as a result of which the tracks in
front of the Capitol will bo removed, and the
depot will be placed some squares distant. If
the gentleman from Ohio will say Second or
Third street, his proposition will be practica-
ble; that will place the road two squares be-
yond the Capitol grounds as extended; and
that can be done without interfering with any-
body. But if you say E'ourth street, there can
be no proper connection, and you will still
have the depot down here, and still have the
track in front of the Capitol grounds.
I now yield for a moment to the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poi.axd. ]
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by inserting
in lieu of the words proposed to be stricken
out the words "and in Second or Third
streets east." The gentleman from Ohio seems
to think that this railroad is going over the
public grounds.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no, sir; I
do not. 1 understand that matter.
Mr. POLAND. ,lt this railroad should go
through at Delaware avenue or First street, it
must emerge at a considerable distance from
our public grounds, even when enlarged as we
have proposed to enlarge them. If the gentle-
man from Ohio has for so many years endured
with great patience, as he endures everything,
that a railroad should run right in front of the
Capitol grounds, it seems to me he ought to
possess his soul in patience even if this rail-
road should come out on First street. In that
case it would not interfere with the public
grounds in any such respect as "would be objec-
tionable.
Besides, one great object of the present
measure is to establish such a connection that
we may get rid of the depot down here. If the
two roads be united by a track that shall go
under the Capitol grounds, and the depot be
removed, they must then have a permanent
depot away off near the canal.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think I under-
stand the topography of this matter very well.
I do not understand that it is proposed to lay
this track on the surface of our public grounds.
I understand very well that this road is to go
underneath. But as the bill now stands the
road is to emerge in Delaware avenue or First
street, so as to make an intersection with the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad. Now, I say
this, without boasting very much of my power
of arms, that I can stand on the track of this
railroad and its intersection with the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad, if he makes it at
Delaware avenue and Second street east, and
throw a stone into the window of the Senate.
It is in such close proximity as that. The
gentleman seems to doubt whether I could do
it or not, but I think I could do it without
much difficulty. If we put this as far out as
Third street east, so as to emerge two squares
distant from our public park, then it will cer-
tainly bring the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
far enough back when they come to remove
to put it at a respectful distance from the Cap-
itol of the nation,
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am willing to
allow a vote on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Vermont, to make it Second or
Third street east, and then I shall call the
previous question. *
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not ask a
vote on my amendment.
, Mr. STARKWEATHER. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the gen-
tleman demands the previous question, I hope
he will allow me to ask him a question.
Do we give by this bill the land from the
canal ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We only grant
the right of way, and they are compelled to
pay their part of the expense.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What is the
canal; is it not a part of our public grounds?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It belongs to
the navigation company.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is being filled
up, and when filled up, of course constitutes a
part of our public grounds. Ileie then is
another gift of public lands in the city of
Washington to another railroad corporation
without any compensation on the part of the
