2932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
nal revenue when the income tax comes in
will not be materially decreased.
Without going into further details at present,
it is perfectly safe to assume that the existing
system of taxation will produce for the next
fiscal year over $400,000,000, even without the
income tax, which expires with the current
year; that tax with increased exemptions ought
to be renewed, for reasons which I will state
hereafter, and although I could not get the
committee to agree with me I hope the House
will, as I think I can convince a majority of
tliis body that it can be made when divested
of some of its inquisitorial features not only
the most equitable of all the taxes imposed, by
being a tax on accumulations ot wealth, and
generally wealth obtained by protected monop-
oly, but that it is the only way in which the
rich can be made to bear their proper portion
of the burdens of taxation. But even if it is
not renewed we will certainly have a surplus
revenue of over $100,000,000 after meeting all
the demands estimated for by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and God knows they are extrav-
agant enough.
Take the bill of the committee; make tea
and coffee free, if you will have it so ; adopt
all our recommendations for reduction of in-
ternal taxation, and the revenue will only be
reduced a fraction over $41,000,000; add by
amendment a further reduction of revenue
of $9,000,000 by reducing the burdens still
further on the highly protected manufactures,
which can be done in such manner as to re
duce actual taxation tourfold what would be
taken from the reveuue, and you will still have
reached only $50,000,000. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] has repeat-
edly urged a reduction of revenue of at least
$75,000,000. You can follow his recommend-
ations if you choose, and take $4,000,000 more
from tobacco and $0,000,000 more from stamps,
and then only reach $00,000,000 of revenue
reduction, so thatthe most ardent supporter of
the Administration can with perfect safety and
propriety, even from his stand-point in regard
to expenditures, support the further reduction
to which I n .w desire specially to call the
attention of the committee
[ have maintained in the Committee of Ways
and Means, and hope by the aid of the House
to make good the proposition, that a further
reduction of at least $16,500,000 ought to be
made, and can be made, in tariff duties with-
out injury to anybody and to the substantial
benefit of all, simply by permitting one half
of the customs duties to be paid in currency.
We will collect, during the next fiscal year cer-
tainly $220,000,000 from customs. We will
only need about $110,000,000 hereafter to pay
the interest on the public debt; we have no
other use for gold. The Government becomes
a jobber and a gold gambler with the citizen
iu the disposition of the surplus $110,000,000
which he is forced to buy at not less than ten,
really twelve per cent, premium on an average,
so tha6 the Government officials may speculate
with and gamble upon it.
I would like to hear some gentleman tell
Congress and the country why the Govern-
ment should continue to depreciate its own
obligations by refusing to receive legal-tender
notes for customs duties beyond the amount
which must be collected in gold to pay interest
on the public debt. I can see no reason for
it except that by keeping up the demand for
$220,000,000 annually the premium of ten or
twelve per cent, is maintained, and the un-
taxed bondholder not only gets his six per cent,
interest in gold, but in addition gets at least
ten per cent, on the interest, in the currency
which every other creditor of the Government
is compelled to receive, coercing it from those
who are required to pay customs duties in gold.
An amendment to the tariff bill such as I
suggest, and shall offer at the proper time,
(having been unable to obtain favorable con-
sideration of bills for that purpose which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. E. H.
Roberts] and myself severally introduced
since thissession of Congress opened,) wouldat
once uniformly and equitably reduce the tariff
taxation certainly five per cent., or $11,000,-
000, and would at the same time stop the
disgraceful control Government has more than
once exercised over the business of the coun-
try by its gold-gambling operations, while it
would, in my judgment, by appreciating the
value of the currency, reduce the price of
gold five per cent., and thus dimmish the tax
on the $110,000,000 required to be paid in gold
to meet interest, to the amount of $5,500,000,
making a real reduction of $16,500,000, or
two thirds as much as the Senate proposes
to relieve the country from by its ten per cent,
uniform scale of reduction, and far more than
the minority of the House committee pro-
pose in their tariff bill if their free list is left
out. Of course every bondholder here will
object, and I fear they are potent on this floor,
but they have no right to object. We provide
for the payment of their interest punctually in
gold, and they have no good reason to com-
plain because we make the money other peo-
ple have to take more nearly on a par with
what they receive. The public credit cannot
suffer by it, and official morality will certainly
be promoted, while the business community
will not be constantly compelled to be on the
watch to see when the heavy hand of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with the $120,000,000
in gold he has now locked up in bis vaults,
is about to fall on them and break up all their
calculations. I have tried to look at this mat-
ter fairly and impartially, and alter as caretul
consideration as 1 am able to give it, I can see
no valid objection to the adoption of the prop-
osition which 1 propose to submit, and now
call the attention of the committee to, in order
that its merits may be canvassed before a vote
is asked. 1 will ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
lie il enitcted, &'■., That all laws and parts of laws
requiring that all duties on imports shall be paid in
sold be, and they are hereby, so far modified that
hereafter one half of all duties on imports may bo
paid, bv the individual or corporation paying the
same, to the proper collecting officer of the United
States, of such import duties, in the le^al-teuder
notes of the United States, and the other half of the
duties which are required by law to be paid by sueh
person or corporation shall bo paid in gold ; and all
laws and parts of laws now in force are repealed so
far as they come in conflict with the provisions of
this act.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, if that prop-
osition is adopted, as it ought to be, 1 see no
reason why a law should not be passed at once
authorizing, perhaps requiring, the Secretary
of the Treasury to loan to banks or individuals
in the vicinity where legal-tender notes are
collected for customs or internal taxation such
portions of the funds as were not needed to
pay the expenses of the Government at a
reasonable rate of interest, payable on demand
or on short notices, the loan to be secured by
deposit of United States bonds in sufficeut
amount to make the Government safe against
either loss or delay in payment, and thus pre-
vent the withdrawal from circulation of an
undue portion of the currency of the country,
I have no doubt from five to seven million dol-
lars could be thus annually made, and the
derangement consequent upon locking up
large sums of money in the Treasury be pre-
vented. I have not matured any distinct plan
by which to carry out that idea, bnt the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Committee on
Banking and Currency; tne gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] could doubt-
less do it in an hour.
1 may as well say just here that I am one of
those who believe that it is extreme folly, I
might say absolute stupidity, to impose taxes
to pay off any part of the principal of the
public debt. No creditor of the Government
wants the money on his bonds. He thinks it
a hardship to be required to receive it. Our
public obligations bear five and six per cent.
National
wealth.
interest. Money is worth eight per cent, at
least, perhaps the average is ten. Why take
money worth ten per cent, from the tax-payers
to discharge obligations bearing six or less,
when the holder of the obligation does not
want the money? No man would do it in the
management ot his private affairs, and no sen-
sible legislator would in public matters; at,
least no sensible Congress should allow it to
bedone. We are as a people getting rich very
fast; the receipts from customs and internal
revenue taxation show that our revenues are
increasing rapidly. Nine thousand million dol-
lars of the property of the people was destroyed
by the war, as Mr. Wells showed in his report
two years ago, and we are struggling to restore
it. We are to-day worth, say, $32,318,000. In
ten years we will be worth $64,000,000, as the
following statement made by Mr. Wells, when
Special Commissioner of the Reveuue, shows:
Percentage
of debt
to property.
I860   $16,150,000,000
1870   32,318,000,000 7.84
1880   64,636,000,000 3.92
1890   129,272,000.000 1.96
1900   2-38,514,000,000 .98
Why check our steadily advancing pros-
perity by enormous taxation to pay debts
which our creditors do not want paid? We
can diminish the burden of the debt one
half without paying a dollar, simply by letting
it run ten years. If I, being worth $100,000
to-day, owe $10,000 or ten per cent, of what
I am worth, can double my estate in ten years
and pay the interest on what I owe, the $10,000
debt would then only be five per cent, of my
estate. My creditors' security would be doubled
and my liability in proportion to my means
of payment would be lessened fifty per cent.
We are, as a people, able to bring about pre-
cisely that result now in ten years, it we are
not taxed to death to pay a debt not demand-
able and not wanted. We can in ten years by
doing nothing double our means of payment;
we will increase onr credit, in like proportion
and diminish the burden one half what it is
now; and it is supreme folly to be making pay-
ments on the principal of what we owe when
time is steadily and rapidly removing the pres;
sure of the burden by our rapid increase of
wealth. Thirty years ago our present debt
would have bankrupted the country; thirty
years hence, if we simply let it alone, it will
be a mere bagatelle. Therefore all the undue
haste to tax the people to pay a portion of it
now is a miserable waste of our resources.
Gentlemen will not fail to remember that by
internal taxation we provide for all the bur-
dens imposed by the war. The $144,000,000
collected from that source last year paid the
interest on the public debt and nearlythewhole
of the pensions besides. The bounty lands
and homesteads donated to soldiers and set-
tlers cost nothing. On the contrary, idle prop-
erty is made productive, so that the tariff, now
as before the war, has o nly to furnish ways and
means to pay the ordinary expenses of the
Government.
We collected la«t fiscal year $383,323,944 89,
and while the Secretary estimates for an ex-
penditure next year of $300,000,000, every
reflecting man knows that we ought not to
spend over $250,000,000, even allowing a
big margin for the stealing which has become
a part of the system of government under the
present Administration. We all remember
the cry of extravagance raised against the ad-
ministration of Mr. Buchanan and the prom-
ises of retrenchment and reform that were
made by the Republican party on their en-
trance into power, yet the total ordinary
expenses of the last year of Mr. Buchanan's
administration amounted to $55,901,000 We
have increased in population since then twen-
ty-two^ per cent, yet our ordinary expenses,
including pensions exceed $180,000,000, per
annum. The distinguished chairman of the
