1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3829
railroad company. We should at least require
them to pay tor it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This is merely
grunting the right of way over one of the pub-
lie highways where it will not all interfere
with the general public.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is not a
highway, but a part of the publie grounds.
The canal is being filled up, and we have to
pay the expenses of it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It is specially
provided in this bill the company shall pay its
part of the expenses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When filled up
it is part of the public grounds, and not a
highway, and we ought not to give away the
public grounds for these purposes. I do not
object to giving a railroad the right of way
along the public highway without injury to
ordinary travel, but I do object to giving a
large tract of the public lauds in this District
to one of these railroad corporations.
Mr. STARKVVEATHEtt. As Ihavealready
said, this does not propose to give away any
of the publie grounds, but merely grants to
this company the right of way. I insist on my
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and t'ne
main question ordered.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment-of Mr. Poland, to insert "Second or
Third street east" in lieu of "Third or Fourth
street east."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 50.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
Mr. POLAND. I wish to say that this is
not within fifty yards of any of the public
grounds or buildings.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays G2, not
voting 65.; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arclier, Arthur,
Banks, Beck, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, Brax-
ton, ISuffinton, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose, Duke,
Bunnell. Barnes, Eldredge, Ely, Farnsworth, Charles
Foster, Henry X). Foster, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, llalsey, Hambleton,
Hanooek, Handles', Harper, George E. Harris, John
T. Harris, Hays, John W.Hazelton, Hereford, Hem-
don, llibbard, Hill, llolman, Hooper,Kellogg, Kerr,
King, Lamison, Lansing, McGrew, Metlenry, Meln-
tyre, McJunkiu. Merrick, Mitchell, Moore. Morgan,
Morphis, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Hosea W.Parker,
Peck. Eli Perry. Peters, Platt.Poland, Potter, Price,
Head, Edward Y.Rice, John M.Rice, Ellis 11. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Shoemaker, Sla-
ter, Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Spoor, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton. Swann, Taffe. Terry,
Thomas, Tuthill, Twichell, Tyner, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Waddell, Wallien, Warren, Wells, Wil-
lard, Wood, and Young—-113.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Barber. Barnum, Beatty,
Bigby, James G. Blair, Buckley, Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke, Coghlan, Dickey, Duell,
Elliott. Kinkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield.
Goodrich, Gerry W. Hazel ton, Hoar, Houghton, Kel-
loy, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, McClelland, Mc-
Cormiok, Mercur. Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers. Negley, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Pnndle.Rainey,
Randall, William R.Roberts, Sargent,Scofield, See-
ley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger. H.Boardman
Smith Snapp, Syijher, Washington Townsend, Up-
son, Wakeman, Waidron, Wallace, Walls, Whiteley,
Wliitthorne, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah
M. Wilson—62.
NOT VOT1HG—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barry,
Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Boles, Bright, Brooks, Car-
roll, Cobb, Coburn, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis.
Dawes, De Large, Farwell, Forker, Frye, Hale,
llanks, Hamner, Havens, Ilawlcy, Hay, Kinsella,
Lamport, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Manson,
Marshall, Maynard, McCrary, McKee, McKinney,
McNeely, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Porter, Ritchie,
John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Shanks, Sher-
wood, Shober, Snyder. Sprague, Stevens, Storm,
Stowell, Strong. St. John,Sutherland, DwightTown-
send, Turner, Voorhees, Wheeler, Williams of New
York, John T. Wilson, and Winchester—65.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
columbian college.
Mr. POLAND, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
do pass, as a substitute for the bill (H. R. No.
1308) a bill (H. II. No. 2883) supplemental to
the act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Columbian College in the District of Colum-
bia," approved February 9, 1821; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It repeals so much of
the act to incorporate the Columbian College
in the District of Columbia, approved Febru-
ary 9, 1821, as limits the annual income of
said college to $25,000.
In its second section it approves and con-
firms the act of the Legislative Assembly of
the District of Columbia entitled "An act,
for the reliefof Columbian College," approved
July 25, 1871, and provided that the first sec-
tion of said act of the Legislative Assembly
shall not be construed to authorize Columbian
College to sell or to use the proceeds of any
sale of lands granted by Congress to said col-
lege for any other purpose than that expressed
in the act granting the same ; and the bill
accordingly modifies and limits the first
section to that extent.
Mr. POLAND. I will state the effect of
this bill in a word. The act which was passed
by the Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia authorized the Columbian College
to sell any property in land which they had
and to apply the proceeds in payment of then-
debts. A good many years ago Congress gave
$25,000 worth of land in this city to the col-
lege, and it is provided in that act of Congress
that this shall be a part of the perpetual fund
of the college; the only income to be used.
We have reported in favor of confirming the
act of the District so far as it authorizes change
of time for the election of trustees, &c., but
disapproving so much of it as authorizes them
to sell this permanent fund, which we gave
them to pay their debts.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
crippled employs of the house. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Jiesolved, That the Doorkeeper bo instructed to
retain in bis service during the vacation of Congress
the crippled and disabled soldiers now in his employ,
and that they be paid out oi the contingent fund of
the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
klizabhtii s. breyvbr.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (II. R.
No. 2884) authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to adjust and pay the claim in favor
of Elizabeth S. Brewer, executrix of John
Brewer, for the services of said John Brewer
for obtaining the condemnation of lands for
the Washington aqueduct; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to examine the claim of Eliza-
beth S. Brewer, executrix; of John Brewer,
deceased, for professional services of the said
John Brewer for obtaining the condemnation
of lands for the Washington aqueduct, and any
expenditures made by him for the same pur-
pose, and ascertain the sum justly due for such
services and expenditures. The bill appro-
priates a sufficient sum to pay the amount
found due on said claim, not to exceed the
sum of $14,000.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public schools, city of washington.
Mr. IiLDREDGE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, with amendments, the bill
(S. No. 299) amending an act entitled " An act
directing the conveyance of a lot of ground for
the use of the public schools of the city of
Washington."
The bill was read. It provides that the
proper authorities of the District of Colum-
bia be authorized to sell and convey part of
lot numbered fourteen, in square numbered
two hundred and fifty-three, being particularly
described as follows, to wit: beginning at
northwest corner of said lot, and thence run-
ning south thirty-six feet nine inches, thence
east fifty-five feet four inches to east line of
said lot, thence north thirty six feet nine
inches, thence west to place of beginning;
the proceeds of said sale to be invested by the
authorities aforesaid in another lot or part of
lot in the city of Washington, and in improve-
ments thereon, the said properly so purchased
to be used for the purpose of the public schools
and for no other purpose ; and the conveyance
of the authorities aforesaid of the property
hereinbefore described shall vest in the pur-
chaser thereof an absolute and perfect title.
The first amendment was m line one, to
strike out " proper authorities " and insert in
lieu thereof" Governor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two, to
strike outtlie words " they are," aud insert in
lieu thereof " he is."
The amendment was agreed to.
The third and last amendment reported by the
committee was to add to the bill the following:
Provided, That said sale shall be made at public
auction m the day-time, to the highest bidder, upon
notice of the time, place, and terms of sale pub-
lished in the National Republican and Daily Pa-
triot. newspapers published in the city of Washing-
ton. District of Columbia, once on each day respect-
ively, in their respective issues, for thirty days im-
mediately preceding the said sale, and the Governor
may, if in his opinion tho said lot will bring a
higher price, give time for the payment of a part
of the purcbaso-nioney, taking the usual security
upon said lot, which ho is authorized to take, and
discharge when full payment shall he made.
Mr. ELDREDGE. This is simply a bill to
sell a lot which has been conveyed by the
United States to the District of Columbia, or
to the city of Washington, for school purposes.
The lot is situated upon the corner of G and
Fourteenth street, and was formerly the stable
of President Jefferson. It has become useless
for school purposes, and this bill simply gives
authority to the Governor to sell the lot and
invest the proceeds in another lot, which shall
be eligible and suitable for school purposes.
That is all there is in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read tho
the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; aud also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
