11872.
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2933
Committee on the Judiciary in the Senate,
[Mr. Trumbull,] in a speech in New York
the other night, said :
1 The expenses of the civil service system, so far
from being doubled, should not have been increased
thirty-three per cent. In my judgment, the Gov-
ernment economically administered, need not ex-
pend $90,000,000 a year now, exclusive of what it
pays in intereston thepuhlic debt a,nd for pensions;
$50,000,000 a year ought to be saved by an econom-
ical administration of the Government. But, as I
said, we have been unable to bring this about through
the instrumentalities now exercising control; and
why ? Because the machinery of the Government—
the machinery of the Republican party—is in the
bands of the sixty thousand officeholders of this
country. They control the Republican party by
packing conventions, and through the instrument-
ality of members of Congress, to whom tbey owe
their places, and to whom the members, in turn,
many of them, owe their seats in Congress."
But I do not want to talk politics now; I
want, i,o transact business, and only alluded to
the statements of the Senator from Illinois
because somebody might think I was under-
estimating what the legitimate expenses of the
Government ought to be, or overstating what
the annual expenditures actually are. I pro-
pose, therefore, to verify what I say as to ex-
penditures from official records. On page 31,
Finance Report for 1870, there is a table pre-
pared by the Treasurer of the United States,
which shows the total expenditures of the
Government from 1791 to 1870 inclusive, from
which I take the following figures;
Expended in 1869—
By War Department  $78,501,990 61
By Navy Department  20,000,757 97
For Indians  7,012,923 06
For pensions  28,476,621 78
Miscellaneous  50,474,001 53
For premiums  1,674,680 05
$192,171,037 00
Expended in 1870—
By War Department  $57,655,675 40
By Navy Department  21,780,229 87
For Indians  3,407,938 15
For pensions  28,340,202 17
Miscellaneous  53,237,461 56
Premiums  15,996,555 60
$180,418,062 7a
These are frightful figures. They are not
mine; they are the official records of the
Treasurer of the United States; and yet, in
the face of them, leading Republicans have
stood up in their places on this floor and as-
serted to Congress and the country that the
ordinary expenditures of the present Admin-
istration compared favorably with the expend-
itures under l)emocratic Administrations. The
records ot the Treasury Department will have
to be destroyed before they will be able to
make any intelligent man believe it. Yet we
can provide for ail these expenditures, steal-
ings, or whatever you choose to call them, and
still reduce the present taxation $100,000,000
annually, unless we intend to continue the
folly ol taking out of the pockets of the peo-
ple money worth to them ten per cent, to pay
debts not due, bearing five or six per cent,
for no other purpose than to enable the Ad-
ministration to parade before the country the
tact that they are diminishing the public debt
by paying large amounts monthly on the prin-
cipal ot the outstanding bonds.
The gullibility of the American people is well
understood by the political managers. When
the monthly report of the Secretary shows a
decrease of bonded debt of six or eight millions
a partisan and often subsidized press takes it
up and lauds the Administration as though some
great financiering feat had been accomplished,
and the people are asked if it is possible to
distrust an Administration which performs
such wonders. Men either forget that all the
money which pays the bonds is wrung out of
' *bem by the most odious and oppressive forms
li ta1fat'on> or 'hey are so accustomed to see
all the money which gets into the hands of
othcials stolen or squandered, that they are
delighted and amazed to find that some of it
>b applied to pay their debts.
The amounts placed at the disposal of the
Secretary by congressional legislation are so
vast that he must buy bonds with the surplus
or steal it, and not being a thief he buys bonds
and accounts for them. I am wholly unable to
comprehend, however, what uncommon merit
there is in common honesty to throw the press
and the stump speakers all over the country
into ecstasies because a Secretary of the Treas-
ury exhibits it. Surely it requires no ability,
when the tax-gatherer places the money in the
Treasury, for the Secretary to pay it to the
bondholder and take m the bonds.
If the mere fact of paying a large amount
of debt is to be the criterion or test of wise
administration.it was madness, it was wicked,
in Secretary Boutwell and his associates to
combine and turn President Johnson and his
administration out of power, as he paid off
infinitely more public debt annually than the
most ardent friend of the present Administra-
tion pretends is being now paid. Secretary
Boutwell is ray witness to prove that state-
ment. He is authority, I presume. If gen-
tlemen will turn to the Congressional Globe
for 1867-68, part five, page 4296, &c., they will
find the speech of Mr. Boutwell from which
I read the following extract:
"I wish to call the attention of the House to a
fact deduced by careful examination of statistics ob-
tained from the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Department, showing that during the last three
years we have, with our resources and the revenue
of this country, secured a largo diminution of the
.public debt. X confess that after the careful exam-
ination I had made I felt compelled to review it,
and see whether there was not t-oine mistake in the
premises, or in the calculation, so astonishing is the
evidence thus furnished of the ability of the people
of the country to liquidate the public debt. From
the 1st day of April, 1S65, to the 1st of January, 1868,
two years and nine months, we have paid out of the
public Treasury $1,552,000,000 of money. Upon a
careful analysis ot the expenditures of the Govern-
ment during these two years and nine months, I
find that the expenses of a peace establishment, ex-
cluding interest, pensions, and bounties, upon the
basis of the years 1866 and 1807, when the expenses
of the Government were $70,000,000 more than they
are to be the present year, amounted to 8485,000,000;
showing that we paid over and above those expenses
$1,086,000,000. On the 1st day of April, 1865, tbe pub-
lic debt, liquidated and ascertained, was $2,366,000,000,
and the $1,066,000,000 which we paid between the 1st
of April, 1865. and the ls>i of January, 1868, would,
have been added to the public debt as proper ex-
penses of the war, if we had not, out of the public
revenue from day to day, liquidated it. In the tace
of this great fact, that in two years and nine months,
by extraordinary taxation and extraordinary efforts,
to be sure, we paid SI,066,000,000 of the public debt,
are we to assume that hereafter the people of this
country are not annually to make considerable pay-
ments of the public debt of the country? Almost
one third of the entire public debt of the country has
been paid in two years and nine months, and I am not
willing to stand on tbe assumption thatwe shall not
make large payments in each year hereafter."
In the face of such a statement as that, how
insignificant the much-lauded redaction by the
present Administration appears. In the Sec-
retary's circular of April 1, 1872, he sets forth
with great pomp and circumstance that the
public debt has been decreased from the 1st
of March, 1869, to the 1st of March, 1872, a
period of three years, $299,649,762 03; abeg-
garly sum, large as it is, when compared with
the amount which the Secretary says was paid
off by Andrew Johnson's administration in
two years and nine months. Johnson, says
the Secretary, paid off $1,066,000,000 in two
years and nine months. Grant pays less than
a third of that amount in three years. Yet
Johnson barely escaped impeachment, and
the friends of the present Administration can
point to nothing else in all their management
of affairs on which they dare to ask a favor-
able verdict from the country.
The folly of which 1 complain consists in
Congress allowing the tax-gatherer to extort
such vast sums from the people, when they
can use the money to so much better advan-
tage, and I do not regard it as evidence of
either wisdom or statesmanship, whatever effect
it may have as mere demagogery, for the Ad-
ministration to be taxing the people as they
are now doing to an extent which would not
and could not be endured in England or any
other well-ordered Government. We taik about
the oppressed and tax-ridden people of Eng-
land and prate about protection against their
pauper labor, when our own people are to-day
taxed to an extent far beyond what these peo-
ple are, and in forms infinitely more odious.
Mr. DAWES. That is what I take it to be.
What you complain of is thatwe paid the debt
at all.
Mr. BECK. No, sir: I wish to see it paid
honestly. I do not wish the revenues stolen.
Will the gentleman from Massachusetts help
me to compel those who have stolen them to
disgorge or tell what they have done with
them? I want it paid, but I do not want the
revenue stolen. Will the gentleman help me
to require those who stole the revenues to dis-
gorge them or to say what they have done with
them? That is all I ask.
Mr. DAWES rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
yieid to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BECK. No, 1 do not; the fling was
made at me, and I merely answered it.
Mr. DAWES. Why does the gentleman ask
me a question if he does not permit me to
answer it?
Mr. BECK. Why did you rise in your place
and intimate I did not want to pay the debt,
when 1 was arguing the folly of taxing men to
death to pay it?
Mr. DAWES. I only wish to tell you in
reply that your complaint seemed to be that
we had paid any of the debt.
Mr. BECK. No, sir ; my object is to pass
such laws as will reduce the revenue at least
$75,000,000 a year, (I think §100,000,000
could -well be spared,) and while doing so I
propose to take care to give relief most largely
in that character of taxation which compels the
great mass of the people to contribute so
largely from the proceeds of their industry to
enrich a set of men who have no more claims
on the Government than those who are robbed
to fill their pockets have. It is because I so
desire, that I favor the general views of the
Committee of Ways and Means and oppose
those of the minority. The committee will
not fail to observe that the point of assault of
the minority is on the internal revenue system
of taxation, and on articles of foreign produc-
tion, such as tea and coffee, tin, spices, and
such fruits as are not and cannot, be produced
in this country; the object being the same
in both attacks, namely, to strike from the
list of revenue producing articles everything,
whether produced at home or abroad, the taxes
on which all go into the Treasury of the
United States, and to retain substantially the
present enormous duties on all products the
taxation on which goes largely into the pockets
of their friends. To accomplish this they start
on a crusade against internal taxes. They
portray the extortions and exactions of the
tax-gatherer, the inquisitorial character of
the laws, and the hardships to which the
people are subjected. They know that their
argument meets with a hearty response from
the people, who only see and feel the personal
oppression of the local tax-gaiherer, and they
even threaten Representatives here with the
vengeance of their constituents if tbey fail to
unite with them in removing the tax-gatherer
from their midst.
I expect to hear much eloquent declamation
on that subject from the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania and Tennessee [Messrs. Kelley and
Maynard] and their adherents. My answer
to all their appeals is, that every dollar col-
lected by internal revenue taxation, unless
srolen by Radical officials, goes into the Treas-
ury ; that the objects of such taxation are now
narrowed down to spirits, tobacco, incomes,
and stamps ; that we have greatly improved
both the whisky and tobacco law over that
which was imposed on the people by the former
Committee of Ways and Means, of which both
the members of the present minority were then
