1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
rae what can be done in this case ? X have lost my
husband, and I am alone. My son lias been so af-
fected in his mind for a month, and I can give you
testimonials of the best citizens of Shepherdstowp,
Jefferson county. West Virginia. I hope you will
reply as soon as possible."
This is signed " Mrs. Catharine Bouswell."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do they make a distinc-
tion in the jaiis?
Mr. SUMNER. It does not appear whether
they make the same distinction in the jails as
they do at the asylum. Whether there are
separate jails for the colored and the white
people does not appear; but the discrimina-
tion is just as reasonable in the one case as in
the other.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts yield to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. BORE.MAN. I apprehend, sir, that
this colored person is excluded from the insane
hospital in West Virginia simply because there
is no room there for any more patients whatso-
ever ; not because of his color. I think I am
justified in saying that there are scores, I am
sure at least a score, of insane white persons
in the jails in my State because there is no
room in the hospital for them. When the
State was created we were without any place
whatever to keep insane persons except in the
jails. We went to work and have done all we
could to relieve this unfortunate class of peo-
ple, and we have not yet sufficient accommo-
dations for them, though we have two hundred
persons in the insane hospital which we have
erected. It is because of this fact that this
colored person is excluded, I apprehend, and
not because of his race or color. With regard
to the jails I can say that there is no distinction,
if that is any consolation to the Senator. Col-
ored and white men are put in the same jaiis.
We have schoolsin West Virginia for the white
and for the colored children. So that this
complaint, I apprehend, is without founda-
tion so far as the charge of discrimination on
account of race or color is concerned.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator fromWest
Virginia of course will do me the justice to
suppose that I would have no intention of
bringing any accusation against West Virginia,
and I know nothing of the facts in this case
beyond what appears in the letter. I was in-
duced to read the letter as an answer to the Sen-
ator from Georgia. Nothing that has fallen
from the Senator from West Virginia is in-
consistent with my position. I do not under-
stand the Senator from West Virginia as assail-
ing the great principle of equality. He does
not follow the lead of the Senator from Geor-
gia ; he leaves that Senator alone. May not
the Senator from Georgia say, as another great
Senator before him said, " solitary and alone
I put this ball of inequality in motion?" That
is what the Senator from Georgia is doing.
Now, I have another letter from Ohcrlin,
Ohio, from a colored person, and I should like
to have the attention of the Senator from Geor-
gia to this letter, for it seems to have boon
written in anticipation of one of his speeches
to-day. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. Well, sir, I will listen.
Mr. SUMNER. "We do not wish," says
this writer, "to force ourselves into American
society unwelcome. Social equality seems to
be the bug bear at which American justice is
frightened and the colored man denied many
privileges accorded to other American citi-
zens."
Mr. EDMUNDS. He writes as well as a
white man.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend here says he
writes as well as a white man ; the Senator
from Georgia could hardly write better ; and
he is a colored man. Think of it! [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HOWE. Who is a colored man—the
Senator from Georgia?
Mr.SUMNER. No; [laughter;] the writer
of this letter is a colored man. He pro-
ceeds :
""What we ask now is simply equal public privi-
leges, and that tho social question be allowed to
regulate itself without the interference of the law
of any State. We hope that the bill will be so
framed that the several States of the Union shall
be prohibited from passing or enforcing a statute
•which makes invidious discriminations on account
of color. We desire social rights so far as they are
affected by law."
That is all. This colored citizen seems to
have anticipated all that has been said by the
Senator from Georgia to-day. In a few sen-
tences. in a very clear handwriting, he has
answered the Senator better than I could do it.
I should like to be present at a debate between
Douglas C. Griffin, the writer of this letter, only
a colored citizen, and tlie Senator from Georgia.
I should like to have this colored citizen answer
what the Senator has said to-day. I know he
would do it much better than I have been able
to do it.
There is another letter that I have received—
it is the last I shall read—to which I will call
the attention of the Senator from Georgia, and
also of the Senate. This is from a conspicuous
representative of what is known as the Labor
party of the country, a white man, but though
a white man, he does not scorn his colored
brother; he sympathizes with him, as you
will see. He says:
"lam certain the Labor party of Massachusetts
will to a man sustain you in your efforts to establish
equal rights for all, irrespective of birth-place or
color. You will recollcct we put a colored man on
our State ticket, and he got the highest vote. * Equal
rights for all'is tho workinpmen's motto. I wish
we had time to send a memorial to Congress in favor
of your bill. Tell all you see that the workingmen
are in its favor."
Thank God for that; the workingmen are
in favor, though the Senator from Georgia is
against it! So that you have the colored race
throughout this country, and you have the
workingmen throughout this country, claiming
equal rights.
Now I shall insist upon a vote on the amend-
ment which I have introduced. The Senator
from Georgia will have the opportunity of
recording his name against'it, but 1 shall insist
upon recording mine for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator with-
draw that motion for a moment? I ask unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up the
resolution in regard to paying Foster Blodgett,
to which I presume there will now be no objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There may be objection
to it. Let it go over.
Mr. MORTON. I think there will be no
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt, from
what I have heard, that it will create discussion.
Mr. MORTON. The objection made yes-
terday is withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is no objection
I will not stand in the way.
Mr, FERRY, of Connecticut. I object to
that resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I learn now that there is
objection to it, as I supposed there would be.
I therefore insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Asr-
tiioxy in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont moves that the Senate do now proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. THURMAN. Ifthe Senate is not dis-
posed to sit out this bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. THURMAN. I know that is not a de-
batable motion; but I wish to make a sugges-
tion, by unanimous consent, and that is, that
if the Senate is not disposed to sit this bill out
to-night we agree, in view of the fact that the
recess will commencc to-morrow, to take the
vote at some given hour to-morrow. Is the
hour fixed at which the recess shall take place ?
["No."]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is useless in
this stage of the debate to enter on a discussion
on a matter of that kind. It is necessary that
we should have an executive session, and I
insist on the motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont to allow me to make a report from a
committee. The Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, to whom two House post
route bills were referred, have instructed me
to report them back; and members of the
House are very desirous to have them passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is to be no
debate, I will not make any objection; but it
is indispensable that we have an executive
session.
Mr. RAMSEY. Several members of the
other House are very anxious for the passage
of these bills, and I should like to report them
and have them put on their passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot tell whether
they will lead to debate. I think we had
better have an executive session, and then if
gentlemen want to open the doors we can do
so. I make the motion that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 26, noes 28.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, sir, the Senate
having refused to go into executive session,
and we having had a discussion, as I under-
stand, on a subject not before the Senate, I
hope we shall proceed and dispose of the bill.
I wish to be informed by the Chair whether I
am correct in supposing that the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts is not before
the Senate. Is that proposition before the
Senate as an amendment to this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
There is anotheramendment before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, having wasted the
most of the day in the discussion of a question
not before the Senate, I do hope that the Sen-
ate will now turn its attention to the important
question we have under consideration and see
if we cannot get a vote upon this bill.
Here is a bill that passed the House of Rep-
resentatives some eight or nine months ago
by more than a three-fourths vote, if I recol-
lect aright; it has lain upon our table during
one entire session, and now we are in the sec-
ond session of this Congress, about to take a
recess for several weeks, and all sorts of
amendments are being suggested to this bill.
I confess, Mr. President, that it is not just
such a bill as I would like to see passed; but
I believe that the time has come, according
to the general understanding of the people of
this country, in the opinion of the President of
the United States, in the opinion, as I under-
stand, of those Senators representing south-
ern States where these disabilities exist, when
they ought to be removed. We are near the
close of the year, and no more acceptable
Christmas present could be extended to the
southern people than the passage of this bill
relieving from the disability of the right to hold
office such persons as the people shall see
proper to elect or the President shall think
proper to appoint, with-certain exceptions.
The bill is not as general as some would de-
sire it to be ; it is perhaps more general than
others would prefer; but it is a bill that has
passed the House of Representatives. We all
profess to believe, especially my friend from
Massachusetts, in equality among the citizens
of this country. Now, here is a bill placing
upon an equality, so far as the right to hold
officc is concerned, those who have been dis-
qualified by reason of their participation in the
rebellion. Upon the principles of equality,
which he so eloquently advocates, I am sure
he can hardly refrain from giving it rr's sup-
port. Now I appeal to him not to pros1" his
amendment, and to the Senator from Indiana
