1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
convince them that it was wrong; but I am
clearly satisfied by the remarks of those
around me tbat the motion will not carry,
and therefore I will not detain the Senate any
longer.
Mr. CHANDLER. The eloquent speech
of the Senator from South Carolina has con-
vinced mo that I was mistaken. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am much obliged to
the Senator.
Mr. SCOTT. I gave notice that I had the
consent of the committee to offer an amend-
ment to the first section if it should be adopt-
ed. I propose now to offer that amendment
by way of addition. It is the clause begin-
ning on line ninety-five. I wish to offer it as
it stands, except striking out the words in
the ninety-eighth and ninety-ninth lines, and
inserting the words "of fifty per cent, ad
valoremso as to read:
On umbrella and parasol ribs and stretchers,
frames, tips, runners, handles, or other parts there-
of, when made in whole or chief part of iron, steel,
or any other metal, a duty of fifty per cent, ad valo-
rem.
This is simply to equalize the duties on
articles of the same character. It was agreed
to in committee, and I move to add it to that
section of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that is a just
amendment in itself; but it raises a tax; and
if it be adopted, that will be the only tax
raised in this bill. I trust, therefore, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will let it pass. Some
occasion will offer when he can present the
amendment to a bill where it will not create
controversy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-,
ator from Pennsylvania insist on the amend-
ment?
Mr. SCOTT. I insist upon it.
Mr. ^HERMAN. I hope the Senate will
vote it down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only desire
to say that I feel an interest in more than
twenty articles, and I have no question but
that this amendment is a just and proper one,
as well as the one immediately preceding it,
which was left out. If the Senate decides to
put this in, I shall feel impelled to move at
least fifteen or twenty other amendments that
I know there is some necessity for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont if he thinks that on this
bill it is proper to add an increase of revenue?
Has not the committee acted upon the prin-
ciple of not doing it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That was the
theory upon which the bill was started by the
Finance Committee. 1 do not see, however,
but that we have the rijjht to do this in the
Senate. I have not a particle of doubt about
the power of the Senate over a revenue bill.
I think we have as much right to increase as
we have to diminish, but at the same time I
know gentlemen are apprehensive (and I be-
lieve there is ground for it) that if anything
of this kind is put in the bill it may cause its
defeat in the other House.
Mr. MORTON. If this amendment is
adopted it will be the only part of the bill
upon which there will be any show for the con-
stitutional objection that a bill to raise reve-
nue must originate in the House of Represent-
atives. I trust for that and other reasons it
will not prevail.
Xtlr. SOOTT. That is a delusion. Every
part of this bill that retains a duty is just as
much open to that objection as a clause that
increases a duty. I do not wish to argue it;
but having been authorized by the committee
to offer the amendment, I feel it my duty to do
so ; and if the bill is to take such shape as that
that which has been authorized in committee
is to be voted down on one side and voted for
on the other, so be it. I state here that I was
authorized to offer this amendment, and I do
it in pursuance of the authority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
there is anything in the objection which is
made to the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and I have one which I intend
to offer after the Senator has acted upon his.
It seems to me that it is a very strange tariff
bill—a bill in which it is perfectly lawful to
reduce the protection which the Government
ought to give to the industries of the country,
and it is unlawful to do justice to those indus-
tries by raising them a farthing. That is legis-
lation which I do not think will commend
itself to the great industries of this country;
and if we have such a bill before us we ought
to get rid of it as soon as possible, and wait
till we get one from the House of Represent-
atives in which we shall be at liberty to do
justice by giving proper protection as well
as to reduce the duties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
That all taxes heretofore imposed by the several
acts relating to internal revenue Ccxcept those im-
posed on whisky, tobacoo, and malt liquors) be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that by
inserting "and the tax imposed upon banks
and banking."
Mr. CONKLlNGr. Let me ask a question
of the Chair or of the Senate. If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsj'lvania pre-
vails, will it not then be in order for the Sen-
ator from Vermont to move his amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, and it is in order now.
Mr. CONKLING. Will it not be in order
in the other event?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No doubt of it.
Mr. SCOTT. My impression is, if the Senator
from Vermont will permit me to state it, that
the amendment as I have offered it includes
that tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt that
it includes the repeal of the tax on ba#iks and
banking. What I wish to do is not to repeal
the tax on banks and banking. I think that
the franchiso which we give the banks, the
monopoly so to speak, is a subject of enter-
prise, I will not say industry, which may bear
a revenue tax as well as any other calling in
the whole country. I wish therefore to con-
tinue, so far as the exception goes, the tax on
banks and banking, and therefore I propose
my amendment to add that to the exception
provided by the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, so. that we do not touch
that tax at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that as the Senator from Vermont has now
stated his proposition he ought to offer it
as an amendment to the amendment. There
would be a parliamentary question as to
whether he could offer it afterward in the
shape he now suggests.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to save all ques-
tion, I think it proper to offer it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
the Senate do not intend, after the long labor
they have bestowed on this bill, to have it all
go for nothing. Wo have our eyes wide open
and know perfectly well that if this amend-
ment is adopted it is the end of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why so?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Ebjiuxds] to the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make an in-
quiry. Tf this amendment prevails, does it
include the remission of the income tax the
current year ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, it includes that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the
income tax for the current year has been as-
sessed, or is in the process of assessment now.
But has any of it been paid? ["No!"]
Mr. SCOTT. It is not payable yet.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then this amendment
includes the repeal of the income tax? ["Cer-
tainly!"] I shall vote for it with great
pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. I am a little surprised that
this amendment is offered at this stage of this
bill. I had an amendment that I had some-
what carefully considered proposing to repeal
such of the internal taxes as I thought we
could dispense with, which I declined to pre-
sent, I believe, at the instance of my friend
from Pennsylvania, for one, certainly at the
instance of the Sentator from New York and
and others. After I had withheld that amend-
ment, now very nearly at the conclusion of this
bill this amendment is offered. So far as the
income tax is concerned, what is properly
called the income tax, it expires by its own
limitation ; there will be no such tax for next
year ; but there is an income tax now due and
unpaid. Does the Senator propose to wipe
that out?
Mr. SCOTT. I do.
Mr. MORTON. I am opposed to repeal-
ing a tax that is due and unpaid. I am will-
ing to abolish taxes in the ftfture, but I am
not willing to go back and repeal those that
have already accrued. I think the country
does not expect that; but I am now opposed
at this stage of the proceedings to under-
taking to repeal any internal tax on this bill.
I was in favor of bringing up the whole ques-
tion at the proper time, but I was induced by
numerous requests from Senators here, and
from those now moving in this matter, to
decline offering that amendment. I certainly
shall not be in favor of attempting it now.
Besides, there are some other taxes included
in the amendment that I think ought not to be
repealed. Do we intend to repeal the license
for retailing spirituous liquors ? That is in-
cluded in the amendment. I think the Sen-
ate propose to consider that question before
they repeal the special license tax imposed on
the retailer of spirituous liquors. There are
some other special taxes that the Senate would
consider very carefully before they repealed
them.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply wish to answer the
statemenf of the Senator from Indiana ad-
dressed to myself and to other Senators who
requested him to withdraw a similar amend-
ment when he had it to propose. I did so
request him ; but he will remember, as other
Senators will remember, that that was before
the second section had been incorporated with
the amendment repealing duties on tea and
coffee ; and my reason for requesting him not
to offer that amendment was that the bill
should not be embarrassed with a provision
relating to the raising or repealing of revenue;
but since that objection is already in the bill
as strongly as it can be, I wish the whole sub-
ject to go to the House of Representatives if
we pass any bill at all. That was my reason ;
and I have acted in perfect good faith with the
Senator in now offering this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. And the additional reason,
I think, was given by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and other Senators with him, that it
was changing the character of the legislation,
that the bill referred to customs, and that an
amendment referring to internal taxes would
so far change the character of the bill that the
objection would be made in the House of Rep-
resentatives on the point of order. That was
one of the objections presented to me, and
perhaps the one upon which I chiefly yielded.
Mr. WINDOM, (at seven o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
Senator from Minnesota allow 
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to debate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I only
wish to ask the Senator from Minnesota if ho
will not allow a motion to be made that when
