THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
passed away. I think, Mr. Chairman, the
President of the United States will have op-
portunity before that time arrives to ascertain
how far he was right in placing his confidence
in a gentleman who came here without the rec-
ommendation of a corporal's guard in his own
State.
I find, Mr. Chairman, since the remarks I
made oa this subject, the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has
resumed his seat on this floor, and 1 wish to
put one question to him, premising by saying
I have sustained him in his efforts toward a
just economy in the administration of all
departments of the Government. I think he
deserves well of his country. But the great
measure that lias conferred on him more honor
and more distinction than anything which has
occurred in that particular line of his duty was
the exposure of the celebrated Chorpenning
claims. I wish to know from my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] what induced him
to insert an amendment in one of the appro-
priation bills of this committee to prevent the
I'ostmaster General or his coadjutors, whoever
they may be, putting their hands on the
appropriation we made in that committee? f
ask the gentleman if he had any reason to
believe Mr. Creswell designed to divert these
funds from the legitimate channel to which
they were directed, and whether he really
feared there was danger if tins money was left
without some interposition to Drevent the per-
petration of that fraud it would have been
taken by those men ?
Mr, DAWES. Mr. Chairman, in response
to the gentleman from Maryland, I will say,
and it is due to the Postmaster General I
should say, what I did in offering that amend-
ment. I had 110 reference to any action of
the Postmaster General. ' I had heard it was
claimed by Mr. Chorpenning and those who
owned the claim (for I understand it has several
owners now) that the action of the Postmaster
General 011 the several matters submitted to
him had vested in them a right of which they
could not be divested by repealing the act of
Congress which went, through the committee
on my motion; and they were about instituting
proceedings m the Court of Claims to recover
that amount. 1 did not think it was sound
law, nor do I think so now;' but 1 thought, per-
adventui'O there might be a judgment of the
Court of Claims in behalf of Chorpenningand
those claiming with him, and therefore I
thought ! would insert some precautionary
clause in that section by which they would be
■ less ambitious to pursue their claim in the
Court of Claims than they otherwise would.
Mr. SWANN. Let me ask the gentleman
whether he did not know the attorney prose-
cuting this claim was a law partner of Mr.
Creswell? Did he hear of that name in con-
nection with the prosecution of this claim?
Mr. DAWKS. It is hardly worth while for
niy friend from Maryland and myself to re-
open that matter. It was brought before the
House with great minuteness. 1 was glad to
have the cooperation of my friend, whose liberal
and honest support during my connection with
the Committee of Ways and Means I am happy
to acknowledge.
Mr. SWANN. You had it most cordially,
and you have it now.
Mr. DAWES. Iwillsayif my friend desires
that it originated under a Democratic admin-
istration, and was pursued by Democratic offi-
cials, and has behind it the greatest legal
light of the Democratic party in the United
States pressing it, a little out of sight I know,
but whose force and power was felt, in behalf
of it, and now and then crops out to give it
more force and efficiency than any otheragency
I know to be connected with it. The gentle-
man is not at a loss to know to whom-1 refer
in that connection.
Mr. SWANN I am at a loss; I do not com-
prehend the allusion of my friend from Massa-
chusetts. I wish an explanation which will
enable me to do justice to the acts of the Demo-
cratic party. If he means to say that the Demo-
cratic party has been mixed up by any com-
plicity with this stupendous fraud—which I
gave him credit for having suppressed, and
which the country gave him credit for hav-
ing suppressed, saving to the Government
$500,000—if the gentleman means there was
any complicity on the part of the Democratic
party, 1 am greatly mistaken.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I did not
intend to charge the matter on the Demo-
cratic party. But as my friend 'from Mary-
land [Mr. Swakn] was very anxious to fasten
more agency and responsibility upon individ-
uals in the Republican party than I thought
was justly due them 
Mr. SWANN. I spoke of the Postmaster
General and his law paitner alone in connec-
tion with the prosecution of this claim.
Mr. DAWES. I think the exact responsi-
bility was about equally divided among the
officers of different administrations. It took
a good many years to work it up, and it finally
came to a head, I am sorry to say, in this
Republican Administration. But the men
who pushed itwere'men of different political
parties, and nobody, I think, who had any
connection with it had anything to take credit
for.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swans'] yield to me for a
moment ?
Mr. SWANN. Not just now. Itstruckme
as very singular when this attack was made on
the Postmaster General, if it was not a direct
attack on the Postmaster General, that some
gentleman on that side of the House did not
rise in his place and make such explanations
as would have saved him from the effects of the
stunning blowwhich was dealt by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Maryland
[Mr. Swann] knows that I am not to blame
lor that. [Laughter.]
Mr. SWANN. I did not say so. We are
greatly indebted to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for what lie did. The whole country
is indebted to him. And the Democratic
paity thanks him for what he did.
Mr. DAWES. I take no credit to myself.
Mr. SWANN. We give you credit. We
look upon you as a public benefactor when
you are engaged in smashing up these heads,
as you have threatened to do, all over the
country. ^ [Laughter.] And I desire to coop-
erate with you, and I feel proud to cooperate
with you, when you undertake to smash these
heads, as j'ou have smashed one already in
offering the amendment to the appropriation
bill to which I have referred. The people of
this country owe you such a debt of gratitude
as may induce me as well as other members
of the Democratic party to erect a monument
to your memory.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I beg my
friend not to be in a hurry with his monu-
ment. [Laughter.] And I suggest to him
that it is never safe to say much about a man
till he is dead.
Mr. SWANN. That is true. Now, Ihope,
I sincerely hope, that my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, having enlisted such a
soldier in the ranks as a poor, obscure Repre-
sentative from Maryland—for I design when
he puts 011 his cocked hat and buckles on his
sword to throw myself into his ranks—I hope,
I say, that he will continue the good work on
which he has entered. When he came up the
other day and expressed himself in the decided
manner that he did, that he meant to brush
up his armor and to strike these infernal heads
wherever he saw them, why, sir, it inspired me
with a feeling of admiration for the gentleman.
It raised the proportions of the gentleman in
my estimation. Instead of the small gentle-
man as he is actually, [laughter]—! allude to
him, of course, physically, not intellectually—
I saw a gentleman whose proportions were
those of a giant, and I felt that with perfect,
safety I could follow him in that mission, and
that in doing so I would, be engaged in doing
good service to our common country. I hope
the gentleman is not going to relax any of
those efforts.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Swann] that we go forth
at once to our work, and that we shall agree
to hit every head we bring to the surface.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SWANN. Now, Mr. Chairman, having
said so much by way of pleasantry, I will add
that I am glad to see such good feeling as has
been manifested by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] And I am going to
hold him to his duty, and I am willing to do
my part. I will get my shillalah, and I hope
he will have his ready, and I venture to
say we will smash more heads on our journey
than will tax the whole transportation of this
country to dispose of. I now yield to my
friend from California, [Mr. Saugext.]
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to a fact which in this pleas-
antry may be forgotten ; and that is that Con-
gress in -this Chorpenning matter, as in most
such matters, was to blame. We rush orders
through Congress directing some Secretary to
examine and pay a claim that he has rejected,
and then find'fault because he executes our
orders. In this ease it was worse. The bill was
introduced and passed through both Houses,
by which it was provided that the Postmaster
General should reopen that claim, and that he
should examine the evidence in the Depart-
ment, and exclusively the evidence in the De-
partment. He was forbidden by the terms of
the law to go outside the documents which were
there, which perhaps had been filed by parties
interested in the claim with reference ts this
very investigation. The bill was passed toward
the close of the session without discussion or
consideration, and was a surprise to Congress,
as it afterward appeared. It was passed
through both Houses, and the Postmaster
General endeavored to execute the law. He
found that the claim was large, and he made a
large award. I have no doubt at all that it
was too large. Unquestionably something was
due to Mr. Chorpenning for the breaking up
of his mail operations, but that the amount was
too large I never doubted, and therefore when
attention was called to the matter I hastened,
in conjunction with others, to repair the injury
which had been done; but it should be men-
tioned that the Postmaster General, after the
award was made, although he had the means
and the power to pay it, did not pay it.
Mr. SWANN. What was the amount of
th e clai m ?
Mr. SARGENT. I believe $500,000.
Mr. DICKEY. Oh, no; only $444,000.
Mr. SARGENT. The amount of the claim
does not affect, the statement I make. The
circumstances of the case are fresh in the rec-
ollection of every gentleman who was present
during the debate when we rescinded the law
and forbade the payment of the claim.
The Postmaster General is peculiarly the
mark of those who are dissatisfied with the
just operations of his Department. I do not
undertake'to defend the Chorpenning claim,
but I do say that mail contractors who want
to get an increase of pay, or who are dissatis-
fied when straw bids are thrown out, come
here and complain to our committees, and fill
the newspapers with statements and even slan-
ders. I know that one of the business inter-
ests of the country, the envelope manufactur
ers, oppose him. I do not say they are wrong
in what they claim, but the animus is plainly
one of self-interest. They claim that the Post-
master General should no longer circulate post
office envelopes, that we should return to the
old, insecure system of stamps, and complain,
when a contract is made for the furnishing of
postal envelopes to the Departments, that it is
unfair or fraudulent.
