2934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
fs-
shining lights, and of whose measures they
were both earnest advocates. We have greatly
reduced and made uniform the taxes on all
grades of tobacco; we have consolidated the
taxes on distilled spirits; we have provided
equitable export laws; in short, we have re-
moved the odious and oppressive features of
the system which these gentlemen who are
now complaining so bitterly imposed upon
the people two years ago ; indeed, we have
framed an internal revenue bill so fair and just
that with all their disposition to attack and
destroy it they have been unable, or have not
dared in a bill of forty printed pages which
they have submitted, to alter twenty lines of
our bill, but have contented themselves with
copying verbatim page after page of it, the prin-
cipal change being a reduction in the rate on
tobacco, which only affects the revenue to the
amount of say $4,000,000, which it really makes
but little difference whether we adopt or reject.
I am rather inclined at present to vote for
the reduction they propose ; but I do not see
how the principle is affected by the mere ques-
tion of amount of reduction. We have stricken
off some of the more annoying taxes on stamps,
such as on agreements in the country, bank
checks, matches, &c. We have made gas free,
and relieved the tax on leases. I do not know
that any of the others are specially oppressive.
This is certain, no man or set of men have
asked the committee to reduce the tax on spirits.
Nobody complains of areasonable, unifoi rn tax
on manufactured tobacco. Neither producer,
consumer, nor manufacturer of either has asked
for anything but uniformity in taxation and
fair treatment in the administration of the
laws, which seems to me to answer conclusively
all the tiradesagainst that part, of the bill of the
committee which have been or can be uttered.
I wtsh there was not a tax-gatherer in the
land. I wish we were out of debt; but we aie
not; our debts must be paid, and our credit
maintained. Government as such is a pauper,
or perhaps it is better to say a trustee. All the
money it gets comes from labor at last. The
sweat of the poor is the origin of wealth, and
the great struggle of the toiling millions is to
try and have what is taken from them honestly
placed in the Treasury, and not put into the
pockets of their wealthy, and therefore influ-
ential fellow-citizens. They see and feel the
oppressions of local internal taxation; they are
not equally informed as to the far greater ex-
tortions of tariff taxation ; they have not the
means to swarm around the lobbies of Con-
gress or haunt the rooms of its committees and
members to obtain class legislation. Therefore,
they are apt to be misled by the magnitude of
the abuses they see, and to think that those not
brought home to them personally are not half
so bad. I propose, therefore, briefly to show
that there is more expense, more extortion,
more corruption in the collection of the tariff
duties than there is in the internal revenue,
had as that is under the present system.
Gentlemen who have kept up with t.he recent
investigation in regard to the New York cus-
tom-house frauds will need no argument to
convince them of the truth of this statement;
but the official figures are all that are neces
sary to prove what I say. The Secretary of
the Treasury informed the House this session
that we collected from customs $206,000,000,
and from internal revenue $144,000,000; that
the cost of collecting the customs was $9,012,-
199, or four and thirty-seven hundredths per
cent.; while the cost of collecting the internal
revenue was $5,835,128, or four and five hun-
dredths per cent. Forty-four hundred and nine
persons are engaged in collecting customs, while
only twenty-eight hundred and seveuteen are
engaged in collecting internal revenue. The
great mass of the subordinates of the custom-
houses are dependent on corrupt and irrespon-
sible officials at great central points, whose
politics they are expected to control, while the
internal revenue officials are isolated from
each other, and the head of the Department
is directly responsible to Congress and the
country for their conduct.
I must not be understood as defending or
seeking to maintain a moment, longer than
imperative necessity demands it the internal
revenue system ; but it is no worse, it is not
so bad, bad as it is, as the customhouse
bands and cliques either in the corruption of
the officials or in the cost of its machinery;
while the great fact which every true revenue
reformer keeps constantly in view remains
unshaken, and cannot be and will not be con-
troverted, which is that not a dollar over and
above the $144,000,000 thus collected was
exacted from the tax upon or went into the
pockets of any monopolist or favored ring.
It was just that much collected for revenue at
a cost of four per cent, to the people. How
is it with the tariff taxation, from which we
received, as I said, $206,000,000 last year?
Of course, all the taxes imposed on tea, cof-
fee, spices, &c., went into the Treasury, hence
the war by the protectionists on that character
of taxation. But on iron and its manufactures,
of which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] is the special champion, while
$13,700,121 of the taxation'imposed found its
way into the Treasury, at least $24,000,000
went into the pockets of the manufacturers,
of which the iron kings of Pennsylvania got
the lion's share, or $20,000,000. We received
as revenue by the tariffon woolens $38,539,475,
and the people paid over $50,000,000—I think'
$100,000,000—in the shape of bounties on
woolen goods, principally to the manufacturers
of New England. We received $10,778,832
as revenue last year from the manufacturers
of cotton and the consumers of cotton fabrics
paid in addition as bounties or exactions
imposed by Congress for the benefit of
New England, $51,000,000 in order to obtain
$10,000,000 to support the Government; and
so I might go through the list of protected in-
dustries, as they are called, and show the same
system of robbery in the legislation of Con-
gress as to all of them.
Mr. SHERWOOD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. As one of the committee
which has reported this tariff bill, and the con-
sistent friend of reduction of the tariff, why
has he reduced coal in Pennsylvania seventy-
five per cent, and increased the duty on
hemp from thirty to forty per cent. ?
Mr. BECK. The duly on hemp is not in-
creased or touched in any shape or form. The
gentleman has the bill in his hands, and I say
tbat is not the fact.
Mr. SHERWOOD. It seems to be so, from
an examination of the bill.
Mr. BECK. It is not so. Hemp was not
looked at nor touched.
Little wonder the advocates and representa-
tives of such monopolies want to remove all
taxes imposed solely for revenue, either by
tariff or internal taxation, so as to force us to
let the present duties on their specialties re-
main. No wonder the lobbies of Congress are
thronged and the room of the Committee of
Ways and Means crowded day after day by
paid advocates of protection or by interested
members of the favored rings. No wonder
that the press pours forth its praises of pro-
tection to American industries against pauper
competition from abroad. The hundreds of
millions annually filched under the forms of
law frjorn the pockets of a defenseless and
tax-ridden people are sufficient to subsidize
all that can be subsidized to prevent a change
or diminution in this system of plunder. I
repeat, if Representatives from the South and
West, with the power in their hands to give
relief, either fail to do it or agree to adjourn
this session of Congress until all reasonable
hope^ of obtaining it is exhausted, they will
not, in my opinion, deserve from their con-
stituents the grateful welcome of " Well done,
good and faithful servant."
I know that the high protective-tariff men
in both Houses feel confident that they can.
defeat the passage of a,ny bill reducing tariff ;:.-
taxation, and combinations are being formed; ■
if indeed they are not perfected, for that pur -
pose. The Senate resolution fixing May 291
for adjournment, had that significance. The^
moment a day for adjournment is agreed oni
by both Houses, the struggle will begin to,;
prevent definite action on the tariff till the?
day arrives. The merchants and manufac-
turers now think the victory is won and that '
monopolies are safe for another year. During -
the winter and early spring they expected'
reduction, and prices ranged lower prepara- ..
tory to it. They knew it ought to be done, '
and they thought Congress had sense enough '
to do it. Within a few weeks they have come
to a different conclusion, and prices have
advanced accordingly. It is in the power of
the House to overthrow all these schemes,
and I trust we will stay here till we succeed.
The men of the West and the South will be
false to themselves and their people if they
longer submit to the extortions of New Eng-
land and a few of the nabobs of the eastern '
States. .
I was struck with the fact that during all the
hearings which the Committee of Ways and
Means gave to the representatives of the vari-
ous interests, while hundreds of men were
heard, almost every interest being represented
and continued protection urged either because
it was in its infancy or so crippled by com-
petition that any reduct.iou of protection
would bring ruin upon those engaged in it,
there was not a man from the west of the Alle-
ghanies or south of the Potomac who appeared
before the committee asking protection on
anything, except, a few salt-men from Michi-
gan, who had gone into combination with the
Syracuse and other corporations to keep up
the present monopoly on salt, and a few pro-
ducers of rice from southern Georgia whose
fields had been destroyed by the ravages of
war. It is not surprising that the men who
are enriched by existing legislation should
strain every nerve to prevent any reduction
of their monopolies; it is worth $100,000,000
to them to be permitted to rob the people for
another year; they can afford to do almost
anything to procure non-action, either by
adjournment of Congress, or the defeat of
the pending tariff bill in any way, it mat-
ters not to them what, so they are let alone.
Their audacity has grown with their wealth;
power attends combination; they act as a unit.
Members of Congress are made or unmade by
them in many portions of the country; their
operatives are counted by the tens of thou-
sands, and are as absolutely under their con-
trol by the necessities of their situation as a
Mississippi negro was under the control of his
master twelve years ago. Senator Spragu e told
the truth when he said that while his operatives
were as well off as any others, half of them
would be asking alms if his factories suspended
two weeks. Prior to 1861 the boldest of them
would not have dared to ask for anything ap-
proaching the protection they now enjoy. The
great and much abused Whig tariff of 1842 was
nothing like as high as the present. Its average
was twenty-eight and a half per cent., while
this is forty-eight or nearly eighty per cent,
more than that; yet that tariff has been
denounced ever since, and even its authors
had to abandon it in four years, and lay the
foundation of the system which in 1861 had
reduced tariff taxation to nineteen per cent,
on dutiables, and to fourteen on the total
imports. Mr. Wells's table is as follows :
1860. 1868.
Customs 553,187,511 00 $164,464,599 56 .
£reo",-  B0,841,749 00 29,804,147 00
Dutiable   279,872,327 00 343,605,301 00
Total $370,714,076 00 S373.409.448 56
Per cent, dutiable 19.00 47.86
Per oent. aggregate .14.07 44.00
