8830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
On motion of Sir. POLAND, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 208, directing the
conveyance of certain lots of ground, with the
improvements thereon, for the use of the
public schools of the city of Washington, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee for the
District of Columbia recommend the adoption
of a substitute for the bill as it comes from the
Senate.
The bill of the Senate was read. Its first
section directs the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to convey to the corporation of the
city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, all the right, title, and interest of the Uni-
ted States in and to that certain piece or par-
cel of land marked and designated upon the
map of said city as part of lot No. 11, in
equate No. 141, being particularly described
as follows, namely: beginning at the north-
west corner of the lot and running thence
due south on the west line of the square fifty
feet; thence due east thirty feet; thence due
north fifty feet; and thence due west, on the
north line of the square, to the point, of begin-
ning, together with the improvements thereon,
for the use of the public schools of the city ;
provided that if the lot shall ever be sold,
assigned, or conveyed, or diverted by the cor-
poration, the entire proceeds of the same
shall be invested in another lot or part of lot
in the city, and in improvements thereon ;
the property so purchased to be used for
the purpose of the public schools, and for no
other purpose. The second section directs
the Commissioner of Public Ruildings to con-
vey to the corporation of the city of Washing-
ton, in the Distiiet of Columbia, all the right,
title, and interest of the United States in and
to that certain piece or parcel of land marked
and designated upon the map of the city as a
public reservation, located between Eighth
and Ninth streets and K street and Virginia
avenue, southeast, together with the improve-
ments thereon, known as the Auaeostia engine-
house, for the use of the public schools of the
city, and for no olher purpose.
The substitute reported by the committee
was then read, as follows :
Strike out all after the enactingclause and insert:
Tluit. tlie following described lands in tho city of
Washington, to wit, ,i pared of land marked and
designated upon tho map ot the city ot Washington
as part of lot numhered olevon in .square numbered
one hundred and forty-one, beginning at the north-
west eorner of said lot and running thence duo
south on the west. line. of stud square litty feet;
thence duo east thirty toot,; thence duo ninth fifty
feet; and thonee due west, on tho north line of said
square to the point of beginning ; also a certain
piece of land, marked and designated upon the map
of tho city of Washington as a publio reservation,
loea.ted between Eighth a.nd Ninth street.* and 1C
street and Virginia avenue, southeast, known as
the Anaeostia engine-house, and improvements on
said iot are hereby appropriated tor the use of the
public schools in laid city of Washington so long as
they shall be occupied for that purpose and no
longer.
Mr. POLAND. These are two small lots which
have been occupied by sufferance for a great
many years for school purposes; on ono of
them is an old engine-house. The Senate hill
proposes that the lots shall be conveyed by
the Government to the District. The House
committee thought that this ought not to be
done, and their substitute provides that the
city of Washington may continue to occupy
the lots for school purposes as long as they
choose, but makes no conveyance of the title
to the lots; the title remains in the Govern-
erntnen*..
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Where is this
property ?
Mr. POLAND. One of the lots is what is
called the Anacostia engine-house. They are
two very small iots, which have been occupied
for many years as schools. The substitute
reported by the committee merely provides
that these two lots may continue to be keptfor
school purposes, but that the title shall remain
in the 'Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we should
not pass this bill at all, would they not con-
tinue to occupy them ?
Mr. POLAND. The difficulty is this: there
were two old buildings entirely unlit for school-
houses, and the District wants to build new
school-houses. They do not want to build
school-houses upon land from which they can
be turned off the next day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What equity
will there be in our ever taking the land again
if we allow them to build school houses on it?
Mr. POLAND. Probably none.
Mrr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; I
will not object to the bill; it gets rid of this
property, gets it out of court.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COf.nvUUA INSTITUTION FOlt DEAF AND DUMB.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now ask unan-
imous consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table and passed, with the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] Senate bill No. 385, to regu-
late the admission of pupils in the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
Mr. HALE I object.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I supposed there
would be no objection to the bill with the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the bill passed with that amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the amend-
ment be read.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Amt2>rnvii(edfurth-r, That all the- actual expenses
incurred by said institution in the education and
support of said students shall be repaid to it by said
Stntes respectively, the amounts thereof to be aud-
ited and settled under i uoh rules audregulations as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HALE. I have never heard the bill
read yet; I ask that it be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
the bill should be amended by striking out the
words "member of Congress," and inserting
" Governor of the Stale." Let us not give
this vast patronage, which we are striving to
get rid of, to members of Congress. Let the
Governor of the State, who lias charge of the
State institutions and knows the wants of them,
take charge of this matter.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The Governor
of a State does not know near as well as a
member of Congress what is necessary. I
regard it as mere buncombe to talk about this
vast patronage iti connection with a few deaf
and dumb children.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think that
buncombe is quite on the other side. It will
not be buncombe if we do not have it.
Mr. S I'ARKWEATHER. I have accepted
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] which was all that
was desired. I now call for a vote.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Certainly, for a
brief time.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to say simply that the
parents of deaf and dumb children will want
to have somebody here at Washington with
whom they can communicate in regard to them.
I think it is very desirable that members of
Congress should be those persons.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That is so;
members of Congress can be correspondents
better than Governors of States.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
suspending the rules and passing the bill with
| the amendment indicated.
The question was taken ; arid upon a division
there were—ayes 56, noes 05.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the House would
permit this bill to be brought up for consid-
eration.
Mr. COX. No.
Mr. DAWES. I think tliat with the amend-
ment I proposed and the explanation that can
be made of it the House will be satisfied.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
LEAVE TO PRIST.
Mr. KENDALL asked and obtained leave
to have printed in the Globe remarks on the
bill to require uniform charges for transport-
ing freight and passengers by railroad com-
panies and other common carriers. [See
Appendix.]
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. DUELL asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers in
the case of Henry R. Messenger.
Mr. MeKEE "asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Greenwood Le Flore.
Mr. HOLMAN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Mrs. Houghton.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, asked and obtained
leave to. withdraw from the files of the House
papers in the case of James A. Bell.
Mr. LOWE asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the ease of C. W. Willey.
Mr. FARWELL asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Wait & Dodge.
Mr. TWICHELL asked and obtained leave
to'witkdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Joseph H. Williams.
Mr. WARREN asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from'the files of the House papers
in the case of J. Green.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, asked and ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House, papers in the case of G. S. Baker.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Sherwood and Mr. Storm for the
remainder of the s-ession ; to Mr. Townsexd,
of New York, until Monday next, on account
of sickness in his family ; and to Mr. Porter
for ten days, by reason of important business.
ELECTION CONTEST BOtyiSN VS. DK LARGE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional papers in the contested-election case
of Bowen vs. De Large, from the second dis-
trict of South Carolina; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
TOST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PALMER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion to submit a conference report.'
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, does that
take precedence of reports from the Committee
for the District of Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It doe§. A. conference
report is so highly privileged that it can be
received even while a motion to adjourn is
pending.
The report was read, as follows :
The .committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. ii. No. 1070} "making appropriations lor the
service of the Post Office Department .for tho year
ending J une 30.1873." having met, after full and free
conlerence have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered four, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to tho amendments of the House to the seventh
amendment ot tho Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to tho
sarae with an amendment, as follows: at the end ot
said amendment add the following words: "and
hereafter payment for carrying such free matter
