1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a question of
order. I would like to know whether it is in
order for the gentleman from •California to
discuss a matter which is before a committee
of the House, and which has not yet been
reported upon.
Mr. SARGENT. This is general debate.
I do not know anything about the investiga-
tion. i simply say that the Postmaster Gen-
eral is the central figure of all such attacks,
and has been for the last three years, and
frequently investigated by committees. I am
pleased that notwithstanding the assaults which
nave been made upon him on every hand, up
to this moment, so far as any reports have
been made by any committee of Congress, he
stands unstained.
Mr. SWANN. I must resume the floor.
Mr. DAWES, Allow me one word.
Mr. SWANN. I would be very happy to
yield to my friend, but really I cannot yield
further. 1 have some remarks which I wish
to make myself'.
Mr. DA WES. I think the gentleman from
Maryland will yield to me for a moment, after
what has been said by the gentleman from
California.
Mr. SWANN. I will yield to the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I regret exceedingly that
the gentleman from California should feel
disposed to rake open the Chorpenning case
again, for I think that every member of the
late Committee on Appropriations differs from
him if he believes there was the slightest found-
ation for that claim. I am willing to admit
with him that the peculiar phraseology of the
resolution, drawn as it was and submitted as
it was to distinguished counsel outside the
House, for the veiy purpose of confining the
Postmaster General to certain papers on file
iir his Department, shut him up to a particu-
lar line of duly, if he did anything. I have
said nothing in any examination of this case
or any presentation of it to the House that
reflected upon the Postmaster General.
Mr. SWANN. You have not, and I was
surprised that you did not.
Mr. DAWES. But it will not do to go very
deeply into the Chorpenning claim.
Mr. SARGENT. I care no more for the
Chorpenning claim than does the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and the
gentleman knows it. But I say that the Post-
master General is entitled to justice at our
hands.
Mr. DAWES. The Postmaster General, in
my opinion, as I told him, and as I have told
thi3 House, should have stopped in his invest-
igation before he came to a conclusion that
entitled this party to draw out of the Treasury
the sum of §444,000, when there had been filed
in his Department time and again the report
of those to whom that claim had been sub-
mitted, to the effect that not a dollar was due
that claimant.
Mr. SARGENT. And in the face of those
reports we hero in Congress passed that act,
and it was the duty of the Postmaster General
to execute our law, and not wait to see if
Congress would repeal it.
Mr. SWANN. I think I must resume the
floor.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for but a moment?
Mr. SWANN. I cannot yield long, for my
time is nearly out.
Mr. DICKEY. I will not take long. I wish
to state a single fact about this Chorpenning
claim: that no party is to be benefited by it
one way or the other. Mr. Chorpenning
obtained his contract as a Democrat and under
a Democratic Administration. When he came
to present and prosecute his claim he employed
as counsel both Republicans and Democrats.
That counsel so drew the law that was put
through Congress in the last hours of the ses-
sion that the Postmaster General felt eon-
trolled by it. Whether properly or not, Con-
gress provided in that law that the affidavits
that Mr. Chorpenning chose to file in the case
were to be regarded as the evidence upon
which he was to act, and nothing else, and the
Postmaster General acted upon that evidence.
Mr. Chorpenning was himself a Democrat.
He obtained his contract under Democratic
auspices, and he very cunningly and shrewdly
employed as his counsel two very able gentle-
men of each political party. That is all I have
to say about the matter.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swank] will allow me to
add 
Mr. SWANN. I would yield with great
pleasure to the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Mayxard] if my time was not so lim-
ited, and I must now proceed to the details
of the bill under consideration. A feeling
has pervaded the members of this House in
favor of advancing the grade of the mission
to Russia to that of first class. It is so now
in fact as regards its importance, but it is not
so in regard to its compensation. I desire to
say that no man would more cordially adopt
a suggestion of that sort than I Vould do. 1
would cheerfully favor the proposition to place
the mission to Russia in the very highest class,
in order to show the appreciation of this
Government of the relations that have hereto-
fore existed between that country and our own.
But I am not prepared at this time, and in
this bill, to concur in such a proposition. I do
not think that the relations that now exist be-
tween this country and Russia would at this
moment justify such action on the part of
Congress. We have heard a great deal of tlie
complication between the late Russian minister
and the Executive or the State Department of
this Government, and 1 believe the country is
now in doubt as to what was the cause of the
apparent hostility, or I may use the expression
coolness, existing between the late Russian
minister and the Government of the United
States. I do not intend at this time to speak
at large upon this subject. 1 would not do so
if I were in possession of all the facts, which
I am not. But I owe it to this Adminis-
tration to say this much, for I claim to be a
just man, and I propose to deal justly in regard
to all these public questions without party
bias. I am not here to cast censure upon the
President of the United States, or upon the
State Department, merely because I happen to
occupy a seat upon this side of the House. I
design, in regard to all these great public meas-
ures, to act without reference to party. My
constituents have sent me here to do justice.
I am here to countenance a just and fair and
proper administration of this Government,
and to sustain this Administration inallproper
measures, so far as I can conscientiously in-
dorse them as a Representative of the people
of the State which I have the honor in part to
represent.
And I am here to say that there is that in
that complication which has deterred me from
advising the insertion in this bill of any prop-
osition to change the standing of the Russian
mission. T have seen the late Russian minis-
ter on the floor of this House, and other gen-
tlemen have met him upon this floor, and seen
him button-holing members of Congress and
endeavoring to enlist their sympathies in favor
of a miserable hemp measure 'by which he
thought his country would be benefited. I
looked upon his course as degrading to that
great nation, and I will say to-day that if the
Russian Government had understood and prop-
erly appreciated the conduct of their minister
they would have withdrawn him in twenty-four
hours.
I will say further, after what I have seen on
this floor—after having witnessed myself the
approaches made by that officer to honorable
members oil this floor, trying to influence
their votes, to mix himself up with the legis-
lation of this House—if I had been the Presi-
dent of the United States I would have dis-
missed him in forty-eight hours. Without
considering other complications, without going
into an examination of the causes of his with-
drawal as diplomatic representative to this
country, it is my duty in all fairness and all
honesty to say that any minister representing
a foreign Court who would come here and
thrust himself into this House for the purpose
of influencing its legislation deserves to be dis-
missed, and ought to be dismissed. I have 110
reflection to make upon Mr. Cataeazy, who is
a high-toned gentleman ; but he mistook the
object and dignity of his mission; he misrepre-
sented the Russian Government. He failed
to carry out the purposes which his Govern-
ment had in view in accrediting him to this
country.
Mr. Chairman, the United States and Rus-
sia have been friends in times past; we desire
to bo friends now. The good feeling of this
country has been sufficiently manifest in the
general uprising of our people in the reception
they have given to the prince, who has been
sent here as the representative of the royal
family. Russia cannot doubt the sympathies
of the American people; but in reference to
this complication I say that in the letter of
Prince Gortschakoff to the State Department,
if it be authentic, there are expressions thrown
out which are not in accordance with what the
State Department has been receiving from men
in high positions, and I should feel while these
relations remain unsettled, while we are en-
gaged in adjusting these differences between
the two countries, we had better not intrude
into the bill any legislation in regard to the
position in which that legation stands.
I repeat that I mean not the remotest reflec-
tion upon Mr. Cataeazy, who is a high-toned
and honorable man. 1 simply say that he
mistook the object of his mission, and de-
graded his country by the manner in which
he conducted himself while representing his
Government here.
Mr. Chairman, I had hoped that in view of
our complications with foreign countries (for
God knows we have complications enough;
we are complicated with England, we are com-
plicated with Russia, we are complicated with
Spain,) the President of the United States
would have made some recommendation to
this House by which our prostrate Navy might
have been revived and placed on a proper and
efficient footing.
Mr. L. MYERS. Before my friend passes
from the subject to which he adverted a mo-
ment ago, and enters upon a new theme, which
may occupy him for some time, I desire to say
a few words in regard to the matter to which
he has referred—the Russian mission.
Mr. SWANN. I have but little time left,
and have not much more to say. If my friend
will permit me I will get through as soon as I
can.
Mr. L. MYERS. I would like to make a
remark in this connection.
Mr. SWANN. It will take time for the gen-
tleman to make his explanation, and it must
all come out of the time assigned to me.
Hence, if the gentleman will permit me, I will
respectfully decline to yield to him ; I do it in
all courtesy.
Mr. L. MYERS. I shall seek the floor
when the gentleman gets through.
Mr. SWANN. I was saying I had hoped
we would receive from the President of the
United States some recommendation with
regard to strengthening our naval power. The
naval defenses of this country are in a condi-
tion to be assailed at any moment. We have
in fact no navy. If you can muster a half
dozen ships, alter all the vast expenditures
which have been made to place this arm of
our service upon a proper footing, it is more
than I calculate you can do. So far as the
Navy is concerned, you are in a state of utter
ruin. You have all these complications upon
your hands. If we are going to war with Eng-
land, which God forbid; if we are going to war
