1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2039
(I admit, of course, that the matter of amount
is not affected in fact by making it one bill, or
putting it in separate bills,) but if we insert in
this bill a reduction of internal taxes, and it
goes to the House, the Ways and Means Com-
mittee has the whole subject before it; and if
the House will agree to a total reduction of
only $30,000,000 they can distribute that re-
duction between customs duties and internal
taxes as they see fit; whereas if we confine
the bill to the $30,000,000 reduction that we
have made now, and send it to the House and
the House concurs in it, we have done in a
moment what we may repent at leisure.
I speak to no Senator whose constituents
•will not hear with indignation the tidings that
tea and coffee have been exempted from all
duty, that half the duties have been cast away
upon the schedule which has just been added,
ten per cent, upon another schedule, and a great
body of articles, luxuries and others, placed
upon the free list, while the people are still
to be subjected to the espionage connected
with internal taxes, and the maintenance of the
internal revenue system with its present estab-
lishment of officers and agents.
Leave internal taxes standing, and there is
no State in which we shall not be met with in-
dignation, and just indignation. Everybody
knows that war taxes can be abolished, and
everybody knows they ought to be. Let us
keep the staff in our hands. If Senators are
ready, as some of them have assured us, to
add a dismissal of internal taxes to the reduc-
tion proposed already by the bill, the happiest
time is now. This is the golden hour. Now
we can make it certain; hereafter we may
lose it.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says that
this amendment is not sufficiently perfected.
It is a brief task to perfect it; it may easily
be ready in the morning. He attempted to
point out its defects. I did not think he suc-
ceeded. He said that provision must be made
in reference to carrying the new law into exe-
cution. Cannot that be done in a separate
act? Very likely some provision may be
necessary about consolidating the districts.
Cannot that await a separate act, which would
follow as a matter of course without opposi-
tion ?
Mr. LOGAN. The President now is author-
ized to consolidate districts.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
from Illinois reminds me that the President is
authorized now to consolidate districts. So I
understand, but if any one insists further legis-
lation is necessary, legislation in reference to
consolidating the whisky tax or anything else,
put it in this bill, or if this is not convenient
let it follow in another to which no objection
would be made.
The honorable Senator from Indiana says
the amendment of my friend from Pennsyl-
vania may include licenses. Very likely; and
I remind both Senators that if licenses are to
remain, we are to have the present officials to
watch and collect license fees, and it would
cost more than it would come to, as I under-
stand the facts. Nobody is more competent
than the Senator from Pennsylvania to adjust
the amendment in this respect also if need be.
I fear I have been tedious enough already to
afford him the time necessary to perfect his
amendment, if it needs perfection. But if it
be necessary to let the question go over till to-
morrow, so be it. To-morrow is Good Friday,
and a motion has been made to make it dies
non in legislation. Let me tell my honorable
associates here, Episcopalians and all, that
there is no better use to which Good Friday
can be devoted than making an honest, proper,
just provision for lifting from the hands of
labor the burdens which weigh upon them. I
am ready to devote Good Friday to it if it be
needed. An adjournment for the night to
perfect this amendment is an easy and a nat-
ural thing, if it cannot be perfected before.
Let us do that, and not let slip this golden
opportunity which the honorable Senator from
Indiana, in my judgment, may wait for in vain.
Mr. MORTON. At your request.
Mr. CONKLING. Atmyrequest! I won-
der at my friend putting that at me again.
Yes, sir, at my request; but when this bill had
different proportions, when it stood as it stood
the day before yesterday, with the free list,
free tea and coffee, and nothing else pending,
I said to that Senator that we could let the duty
on tea and coffee "stand not upon the order
of its going, but go at once," and untie the
men who, arrested by uncertainty and suspense,
were groaning every day under the injury in-
flicted upon them. The honorable Senator
returns to me now the suggestion that I made
to him touching the bill as it was then—now
when it has swollen till I say again if it passes
no other bill is likely to present to him the oppor-
tunity of dismissing internal taxes. I know
there is another levenue bill here from the
HouBe touching coal and salt. Bear in mind
the question is the same as to amending that.
It is not a bit better bill to amend than this ;
nor can we have a better bill until the House
of Representatives originate that bill, which
by its financial organ it has already published
to the world it is not likely to originate by say-
ing virtually that the needs of the Government
do not admit of it.
This is not a matter of parliamentary advan-
tage or legerdemain. It is matter of substance.
The pending measure is, is my judgment, the
hinge of the whole subject for this session.
The danger is apparent that if the House of
Representatives and the Senate concur in dis-
missing thirty millions and something more
from the revenue, my friend behind me, [Mr.
Carpenter,] who has sustained these additions
by his vote, and his constituents of Wiscon-
sin, will wait until the snow flies in another
December before they will have the opportun-
ity of trying the question of a reduction of
internal taxes. If Senators mean this, if
they are ready to accept it, if, knowing that
of which they have been apprised by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House, they are ready to take the posi-
tion that we will begin and end the matter of
reducing taxes for this session with this bill
as it is, so be it.
It is said that everybody knows more than
anybody, and the Senate is not likely to be
mistaken. When its judgment is pronounced
I shall bow to it with deference; but let us in
time guard against the delusion that we can
thus acquit ourselves upon this branch of the
subject and yet leave the future as sure of
further legislation as it would have been had
the bill remained as it was when I made the
appeal to the honorable Senator from Indiana.
Mr. President, the question is one of dollars
and cents and dry arithmetic; and when we
add million after million, until we reach the
limit believed in by the House, it will not do
to rest upon past probabilities, safe enough
as the bill was three or four days ago, but
unsafe now after the changes made.
Mr. MORTON. Iam glad to find that there
is such an anxiety to repeal the internal taxes.
I am somewhat surprised, however, to find the
Senator from New York believing that this is
the last opportunity we shall have for that pur-
pose. It is but a day or two since, as he says,
that he was utterly opposed to putting upon
this bill any amendment which would affect
internal taxation, thinking that we should have
another opportunity to do that; but now he
says great changes have taken place. What
are those changes which have taken place since
that time? We had then put on the free list.
The Senate afterward voted to put on the ten
per cent, reduction section, the second section
of the Finance Committee's bill. Since that
time a part of the first section of their bill has
been put on. That reduces the duty on salt.
It is the salt that has got iuto this business
that makes this change in opinion here.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, if the Senator will
allow mo a moment, that one item makes a
difference of $750,000 annually—the one item
he speaks of.
Mr. MORTON. The whole of the first sec-
tion that has been put into this bill, according
to the most liberal estimates made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, only reduces
the revenue $4,000,000—thirty-seven hundred
and some odd thousand dollars, leaving out
tea and coffee. The Senator from New York,
as I thought, agreed with me that there was
no danger in reducing the duties even up to
$60,000,000; that the revenues would overrun
the estimates. He agreed with me that we
should not lose one dollar by the ten per cent,
reduction contemplated by the second section.
He insisted that that estimate of $8,000,000
should be left out of the calculation entirely,
and the Senator agreed with me that there was
no danger to be apprehended from the reduc-
tion contemplated by all these clauses. Taking
that into the question there has been this addi-
tional section, the first section in part adopted
which will make a reduction of the revenue
of over thirty-seven hundred thousand dol-
lars.
And now comes the extreme danger that if
we do not embrace this opportunity to repeal
the internal taxes, it will not be done at all.
I have been anxious from the first that this
should be a complete revenue bill. I argued
last week, I argued on Tuesday of this week
that there was no constitutional objection to
putting into this bill amendments repealing
internal taxes as well as customs duties, but
I was met with suggestions that there were
doubts about that question in the House, that
there were scruples over there, and it would
complicate and endanger the whole bill. I
thought there was no foundation for these
scruples, and I was confirmed in my opinion
when the senior Senator from Illinois after-
ward came forward and offered to put on the
bill repealing the duties on tea and coffee an
amendment repealing the duties on salt.
But, Mr. President, if it be the desire of
the Senate to go forward, as I first hoped it
would do, and repeal the internal taxes, I
am prepared to go with it. I see, howevei,
that the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not be taken in its present
form. It goes too far. I want that amend-
ment to be right. I want to repeal as much
as we ought to repeal and no more. I am
not in favor of repealing taxes that are now
due and collectable. I am in favor of abol-
ishing those that are yet to fall due where it
is proper to abolish thein ; but to go back to
an income tax already due, a tax of last year,
I think is going too far. The country does
not desire it and will not thank us for it,
except those who may be personally shielded
from the payment of that tax. Let us act in this
matter as rational, intelligent men, not legis-
lating for a single purpose or to defeat a single
purpose, but to complete a comprehensive and
judicious measure.
This income tax is gone in the future. Let
us take off those internal taxes that we can
take off and ought to take off. Take off all
stamps; take off the tax on gas, and one or
two of the special taxes that might require us
to retain some of the present complicated
machinery; leave the tax on banks and bank-
ers, a tax of which there is no complaint, which
they arc not asking us to take off, to which no
bank so far as I know has made objection,
which it is not to the interest of the national
banks to have taken off, which, if taken off,
would be a source of clamor and of unpopu-
larity that they would not desire to court to
bring upon themselves. Let us make the meas-
ure what it ought to be, not for the purpose of
breaking it down. And when I find these
sudden and remarkable changes of view in
regard to great questions because a particulai
action of the Seriate is had upon a certain
other measure, 1 am ready to distrust their
wisdom. I think perhaps they are too much
