1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3881
shall be mado out of the annual appropriations
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment ofthe Senate, and agree to
the same with nn amendment, as follows: substitute
for said amendment the following: "That it shall
not be lawful lor any person who shall hereafter
be appointed an officer, clerk, or employ^ in any
of the Executive Departments to act as counsel,
attorney, or agent for prosecuting any claim against
tho United States which was pending in said De-
partments while he wias said officer, clerk, or
employe, nor in any manner nor byt any means to
aid in the prosecution of any such claim, within two
years next after he shall have ceased to be such
officer, clerk, or employe;" and the Senate agree to
tho same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to (he amendment of the House to the original text
of the bill by striking outon pagel, lines seventeen
and eighteen, the words "six hundred and ninety-
eight thousand and thirty-one," and inserting inlieu
thereof "nine hundred and fifty thousand," and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
on pageG, lines six and seven of the bill,strike out
tho words "four million seven hundred and forty-
nine thousand and one," and insert in lieu thereof
five million seven hundred thousand nine hundred
and seventy ; and tho House agree to tho same.
They areunableto agree upon the eighth amend-
ment.. and report it back for further action of the
two Houses.
F. W. PALMER,
A. A. SARGENT,
WILLIAM & NJBLACK,
Managei  on the part of the House.
WM. WINDOM,
C. COLE,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on tke part of the Senate.
The question recurred on the adoption of
the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, it will be seen
that it is a full report except in reference to
the eighth amendment ofthe Senate, touching
the mail steamship service of Brazil.
Mr. WOOD. I move the House recede from
the disagreement to the eighth amendment.
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order until the House accepts the report of the
committee of conference. If the House adopts
the report of the committee of conference, then
it leaves but one question of difference between
the two Houses, which may be adjusted by
another committee of conference.
Mr. PALMER. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the oper-
ation thereof, the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the conference report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
brazilian mail steamship service,
The SPEAKER. The question now remains
in reference to the eighth amendment of the
Senate disagreed to by the House. It is as
follows.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out thescwords: "for steamship service be-
tween the United States and Brazil, $150,000," and
in lieu thereof insert as follows:
And tlie.Postmaster General is hereby directed to
increase the mail service with Brazil now in oper-
ation under the act approved May 28,1864, so as to
provide lor deliveries of the mails atNew York and
Rio dc Janeiro twice each, month; and in the con-
tract therefor he shall require said semi-monthly
service to be performed for the term of years pro-
vided by tho original contract, and by steamships
wholly constructed in the United States, (two of
which shall be of not less than twenty-five hundred
tons burden, and the others of not less than two
thousand tons burden,) all of which shall be offi-
cered by citizens of the United States, or those who
have declared their intention to become citizens; and
the contractors shall be required to carry the United
States mails wit hout extra charge on all the steamers
they may run upon said line, or any part of it, or any
branch or extension thereof: Provided, That all
&teain bip-< hereafter accepted for said service shall
be constructed so as to be readily adapted to the
armed naval serviceof the United States in time of
war: and before acceptance the officers by whom they
may be inspected ^nall report to the Secretary of
the Navy and the Postmaster General whe&her this
condition has been complied with ; and the Govern-
ment shall have the right, in case of war, to take
any oi said steamers for its own use, and pay, in
such case, a reasonable compensation therefor:
Provided, That the contract herein authorized shall
commence on the 1st day of October, 1873, and shall
be awarded to the lowest responsible bidder, after
sixty days' public notice; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized and directed, pending the
commencement of the contract for permanent ser-
vice, to arrange temporarily with the present con-
tractors for the additional monthly service at the
rate of $250,000 per annum tha^ifor: Provided fur-
ther, That the entire cost tq ffio United States of
said service, performed twice each month, shall not
excecd $400,000 per annum; ofid any sum of money
which may be hereafter contributed by the Govern-
ment of Brazil toward such additional service shall
be deducted from the amount of compensation
authorized for such service.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House recede
from its disagreement to that amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that all
debate on this subject shall be under the five-
minutes rule.
The SPEAKER. That will be the case.
Mr. WOOD. I have made the motion to
recede because I am convinced when the ques-
tion was before the House last Monday it was
not generally understood. I am salisfied, in
the confusion on all sides of the House the
moment the question was taken on the amend-
ment of the Senate, the attention of gentle-
men was called to other matters and they did
not fully understand it. I am myself included
in that list of persons. I had the impression
that this was a bare, bold proposition of sub-
sidy, and voted myself under that supposition.
On a more full examination of the case, how-
ever, and I have devoted much time and at-
tention to it, I am satisfied the proposition
is a meritorious one, and we ought on every
principle of right and judgment to vote for it.
This is pretty much the only line left on the
Atlautic ocean. We have been doing every-
thing on the Pacific side. In money and lands
we have appropriated over one liundied and
ten million dollars for the Pacific coast, while
to tho marine service of the Atlantic ocean
we have given nothing at all. This is an
American line, it is, by order of the Post-
master General, compelled to put on double
service, and all this proposition provides for
that double service ordered by the Govern-
ment is that they shall receive just and proper
compensation. There is no subsidy in that.
This line under the oiiginal act of Congress
was provided to be exclusively American. It
runs almost as far as from San Francisco to
China and Japan ; it does a service of almost
five thousand miles; it has been in existence
seven years and has never yet declared one
dollar profit; it is the propetty of an indi-
vidual and not of speculators and bankers and
brokers who use the stock for operations in
Wali street or elsewhere.
It is an honest proposition in the Hue of the
development of our commerce. It is to build
up and further develop the great trade of the
South American continent, which is in compe-
tition to day with England in that trade, it
has produced $4,000,000 to the Treasury of
the United States in duties on importations.
It is struggling for life, struggling to maintain
our relations with the whole Souih American
continent through the port of Rio Janeiro—to
maintain our right to the trade in American
waters in American bottoms.
Now, sir, under these circumstances, you
have an application from a humble individual
who has not surrounded your Capitol with
efforts or influence's of any kind whatever to
procure support. And in view of these circum-
stances and the considerations I have stated, I
for one, as one of the Representatives of the
great commeicial city of New York, shall be
compelled, in pursuance of the line of duty 1
have established for myself, to vote for this
proposition that the House recede from its
disagreement to the Senate amendment.
Mr. SHELLARARGER. I wish to ask
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
if he can furnish the House with a statement
of the amount of postages realized from the
mails carried by this line; and also, if he can
state what they will be under the rates now
established by law, with the increased service
now proposed?
Mr. WOOD. If I have enough time left
to allow the reading of the report on this sub-
ject of the chairmau of the Committee on the
Post Offices and Post Roads of the Senate
the gentleman from Ohio will there find his
question fully answered. I ask that the report
be read as part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
to whom were referred tho memorial and supple-
mentary memorial of the United States and Brazil
Mail Steamship Company, respectfully report:
That mail steamship service to Brazil was inau-
gurated under act of Oougreas approved May 28,
1864. Brazil had agreed to bear part of the expense,
thus preferring the United States to all other na-
tions. The Postmaster Goneral attests tho fidelity
of service under the contract, but he states that the
route is too long for monthly service: that under
the best possible schedule of running the outgoing
steamer must leave New York two days after the
arrival of the incoming steamer. As neitherletters,
nor remittances, nor shipments under commercial
orders can bo prepared in this limited time, and as
they canuot well await thirty-two days for the next
departure from New Yoik,they necessarily fall into
British steamers. Our people, deprived of the re-
ciprocal opportunities for exchange of commodities,
lose tho main benefits contemplated when tins ser-
vice was begun. Tho Postmaster General urges
double service as a practical necessity. The con-
tractors offer to bind themselves to perform this for
a modorate mail pay. They state that, they have
paid four millions m gold for duty on coffee imported
by their steamers, besides increasing the trade hugely
in divers wavs. They offer proof that owing to dis-
jointed service they have, in seven years, (although
they have paid nothing for insurance,) not earned,
altogether, five per cent.; in other words, have
barely managed to keep out of debt. They are con-
fident that double bervice will secure a large export
trade. If they are refused this, they nsk to be re-
leased from their contract. They ;ire known to bo
able and economical managers. Thoroute is there-
fore presented practically, on both sides, as one
capable of yielding great public benefits with ade-
quate service. Tho alternative seems to bo semi-
monthly steamship servicc or no steamship sorvice
whatever.
Petitions have been received by the committee
from some of tho most important commercial and
moneyed interests in the land, asking for extension
of this service. As a postal route the Postmaster
General states that it is very imperfect at present,
and a majority of the letters" go via England.
In fiscal year 18(59-70 we exchanged with Brazil by
American steamers one hundred and sixty-six thou-
sand letters, yielding over twenty thousand dollars.
With British opportunities constantly increasing,
and with no increase of our own, these receipts
must be diminished; but it is claimed that to double
tho American service will immediately treble this
amount.
In a national and commercial point of view, the
entire people of the United States feel the deepest
interest in the Brazil trade. AVe are dependent
on Brazil for almost a necessary of life, importing
thence annually two hundred and fifty million
pounds of coffee. We are tho largest single con-
sumer of her produce. Wo shouid pay for this,
if not with manufactures, with our produce and
provisions. The route is in American waters. In
last fiscal year we exported to Brazil the value of
$5,945,307. We imported thence $30,5G0,4t>S. The
imports and exports of Great Britain in the
same trade balance each other. They now seek to
do more—to cut off our exports by triangular voy-
ages, going direct to Brazil from Great Britain and
returning via New York. By perfect transportation
they defeat the laws of nature. We consume twice
as much coffee as England, but she exports to Brazil
between six and seven times as much value as wo
do. Prance is not far behind her in exports. Brazil
and contiguous markets purchase $150,000,000 of im-
ported articles: but they buy naturally Irom those
who can furnish them at a stated early time. There
is not a nation of Europe indifferent to this trade.
Pew nations are untaxed hy their efforts to secure
it. Nature offersa large portion of it to the United
States, but the efforts of other nations exact from
us the highest class of transportation. France alone
pays over five hundred thousand dollars currency
per annum (two million three hundred and six thou-
sand one hundred and seventy-two francs) for mail
service, (monthly, we believe.)
We find much of interest on this point in the
dispatches ol Mr. Blow, United states minister to
Brazil. (Senate Document No.92, Forty-First Con-
gress, second session.) " While we have been pay-
ing gold almost entirely for our coffee to Brazil,
other nations more remote buy almost entirely with
their manufactured goods and produce,"simply be-
cause their early efforts " were directed to estab-
lishing close and rapid communication by every
means in their power," Again, ho says, our pro-
duce and manufactures " are now needed at remun-
erative prices, but are kept back for the want of
regular and fair transportation." "A people paying
$60,000,000 per annum for an article so essential ar>
coffee have aright to demand the most enlightened
