1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
the South were in favor of the enfranchise-
ment of the colored people even before it was
popular in the North. I will say to him more
than that, that when the question can be stripped
of its irritating and exciting causes there will
be found in the South less of the prejudice of
race and less of the feeling of caste that he
speaks of than will be found in some other
sections of this country.
In my State all men stand on a footing of
equality before the law. In all the public de-
partments of Mississippi, in the executive man-
sion, at all the assemblages of public men, I
have not seen in two years of time the colored
man excluded from any place. He goes upon
the cars, he goes to the festive board, if you
please, upon public occasions; he goes as a
man equal before the law. That is public life.
"We have a private life. That is ours. This
Congress has nothing to do with that. We
have a social status. It is ours ; it belongs to
us and not to this Government, as we hold, to
regulate.
Once more, then, I say, if we are to have
this bill, let it be now. I do not now insist
upon extending it further than it goes; but I
state here that at all times and upon all occa-
sions whenever a proposition comes up to re-
move the disabilities of the people who were
engaged in the rebellion I cannot do less than
vote for it, and I will vote for it. ButI would
vote against a proposition now to make this bill
universal, for the reason that I would believe
that that proposition would defeat this bill. I
give notice that I wish no one to understand
my view upon any question that may be pre-
sented from the manner in which I shall vote
upon any amendment on this occasion. I am
for this bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, stripped of all amendments, for
the reason that it is precisely the measure that
applies to the case. I will legislate without
regard to its effect upon any particular person,
and I should be sorry to see the American
Senate so shaping its legislation as to convey
the idea that a single individual merely was
involved here in a question that addresses
itself to the civil order and good of the whole
South.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am not will-
ing to be classed among the opponents of this
bill because I rise to discuss it. It is because
I have heretofore been unwilling to support a
measure of this character that 1 now say any-
thing. 1 have never been able to look at this
question in the light in which many of the Sen-
ators who have spoken seem to view it.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator allow me
one word?
11 r. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to say that I labored
under embarrassment wheu 1 spoke, for in
truth I did not rise to make a speech; and I
wish now to state distinctly that which I sup-
posed I had made plain, but which it seems I
did not. In the State of Mississippi the elec-
tion occuired in November. The oflieers,
under our constitution, qualify on the first
Tuesday after the first Monday in January.
The Legislature also meets at that time. Sev-
eral persons who have been elected to the
Legislature are under disabilities. I have
upon my table petitions signed by all the offi-
cers of the State of Mississippi, asking that
their disabilities be removed, and some of
them we regard as the mosr, influential and
competent men for the places. If the bill
should not, pass now, it will be too late for tho
cases that 1 speak of, and those men will be
excluded and men less competent, men who
are not the choice of the people, men who
are obnoxious to the people, will occupy the,
places, and the persons elected will go back
with a brand upon their brow that the Gov-
ernment has discriminated against them. Such
a man goes, back with^the sympathies of the
people and with no feeling that there has been
justice on the part of the Government. I thank
the Senator from Pennsylvania for his kind-
ness.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator yield
for a motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business ?
Mr. SCOTT. Not now. I have not been
able to view this measure in the light in
which some other Senators have spoken of it,
as one of justice to the people of the South. I
have not been able to view it as one of per-
sonal feeling, to be decided by the feelings
which we have entertained either during or
since the war. It is simply a question of the
highest political wisdom, and not of political
wisdom in a party sense, but in the broader
sense as it affects national and State pros-
perity.
I do not intend, Mr. President, to occupy any
considerable time in discussing the operation
of the disqualifications of the fourteenth amend-
ment; but I have been placed in a position
where that operation has been forced upon my
attention, and it is because th it operation has
been forced upon my attention that I at this
time say anything.
There are two views of the operation of the
disqualifications of the fourteenth amendment,
and there is but one of them that is likely to
attract much of our attention in this body or
in the House of Representatives; and that is,
as it bears upon national interests. Men are
disqualified for holding office in Congress, and
we direct our attention too much to the effect
which that exclusion has, and forget that the
disqualification extends also to State offices,
and that it has affected to a very large degree
the character and the capacity of the local
State governments.
Now, sir, looking at it in this light as
a question of political wisdom, and not as a
question of amnesty, as the chairman of the
committee himself styled it, the measure seems
to be looked upon as removing all disquali-
fications that exist in the Constitution as
to holding office. That is not the case. I have
taken the trouble to look at the Constitution,
and I find that in considering this question of
political wisdom the framers of the Constitu-
tion have disqualified many citizens from hold-
ing office, ana there will be many disqualifica-
tions left after we have removed the disquali-
fication which have grown out of the rebellion.
For instance, all voters under the age of twenty-
five years are disqualified from holding office
in the House of Representatives ; all voters un-
der thirtyyears from holding office in this body.
All naturalized citizens, for nine and seven
years respectively after they become citizens,
are disqualified from holding office in this and
in the other House; and there is also a dis-
qualification which, if I recollect aright, the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Scnuiiz] in one of
his recent speeches characterized as a humane
or benevolentprovision, which excludes all nat-
uralized citizens from the two highest offices
in the nation. We even go further: officers
who have been impeached, found guilty, and
sentenced, as apart of the punishment, t,i dis-
qualification for office, are held to be so highly
disqualified that even the pardoning power
cannot render them eligible to office again.
And so I might go on. Senators and Repre-
sentatives are disqualified lrom holding office
in one sense, for they can never become elect-
ors of President and Vice President of the
United States, although they manage to get
around that now by becoming members of
national conventions, which amounts practi-
cally to the same thing.
These disqualifications were imposed, not
as penalties, but because these classes of men
were considered as unfit depositaries of public
power in the places from which they were ex-
cluded. Itwas political wisdom, as the framers
of the Constitution believed, to impose these
disqualifications; and, sir, it was political
wisdom to impose the disqualifications of the
fourteenth amendment at the time they wore
imposed.
Sir, what was the condition of things when
the fourteenth amendment was proposed? The
very class of men who were disqualified were
rallying around a President whom the majority
of this nation at that time considered was plac-
ing the national interests in a perilous position ;
and if that policy had been successful, and
these men had been permitted to take places
in Congress, there is none but an overruling
Providence can tell us what the result to tho
nation would have been. It was wisdom then
to impose these disqualifications. They have
existed from the time that constitutional
amendment was adopted down to the present
hour; and the question comes to us now, is it
political wisdom to remove them? In con-
sidering that question, we ought to consider
it in as grave a light as if we were called upon
to pass a constitutional amendment removing
some of the disqualifications to which I have
adverted.
In that amendment the right of two thirds
of Congress to remove disqualifications was
reserved. If that right had never been-exer-
cised, wo should have a different question
before us from that which we have to-day.
The question of political wisdom in continuing
these disabilities has practically disappeared,
for I have now before me the last volume of the
Statutes-at-Largt>, and I have had the curiosity
to count the number of persons whose disabili-
ties have been removed, and I find fifty solid
columns in the index of names, amounting to
over two thousand, nearly twenty-five hundred
persons, whose disabilities have been removed
by special act of Congress. There are enough
persons whose disabilities have been removed
to send members of Congress and Seuators
hero for the next twenty-five years from the
southern States; so that, so far as the ques-
tion of wisdom is concerned, there have been
enough of that class qualified to come here to
represent their States for the next quarter of
a century, and by that time the generation
which has grown up may be composed of worse
men than they, and the question is practically
removed.
But, sir, it roaches to State governments,
and there is where my attention has been
seriously directed to it within the last few
months. There is no concealing the fact that
in many of the southern States there is very
bad local self government; and I do not now
apply it simply to Stafe administrations, but
to county administrations also. I find that
there are numbers of men in every county
there disqualified, whom the people, if left to
themselves, would elect for their county treas-
urers, their county commissioners, their local
officers, their trial justices where they are elect-
ive ; and yet under the provisions of this
amendment they are disqualified, and the char-
acter of many of the men who are in those
offices is alleged as one reason, whether true
or untrue, of many of the disorders in the
South. I believe that in many cases such dis-
orders have been committed by men who did
not care for tho charac'er of those officers;
but that lias been urged as a pretext and as a
reason. There are many of those men who
would make good officers, and we can trust it
to the intelligence a-id discernment of those
local communities to make their selection from
them. I am satisfied that the character of
many of the local administrations in the South
can be very much improved by removing these
disabilities, and so far as its effect upon the
State administrations is concerned, it will be
political wisdom for us to do it.
There is another reason that influences me,
and a sentence near the close of the remarks
of the Senator from Mississippi brought it to
my mind. What is left of the spirit of slavery
and the rebellion can now be controlled by
law; and when I say "what is left of Ihe
spirit of slavery and the rebellion" I refer to
