196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Virginia Politics—Mr. Piatt.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Virginia Politics.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. PLATT,
ob virginia,
In the House op Representatives,
April 6, 1872;
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the TXnion—'
Mr. PLATT said:
Mr Speaker : Oa the 6th of March, tha
House being in Committee of the Whole on
the deficiency bill, my colleague from the fifth
district of Virginia moved to strike out the
section appropriating $1,000,000 for expenses
of United States courts, and supported his
proposed amendment by remarks in which he
charged that undercover of the beneficent laws
passed by a loyal Congress for the protection
of voters, intimidation and persecution were
being used by the Radical party to deprive
citizens of Virginia of the right to freely exer-
cise the privilege of voting, and that not an
election passed in the State without some of
its best citizens being persecuted, not pros-
ecuted, under the provisions of this aet.
Sir, the old fable of the wolf and the lamb
is familiar to us all. That instance , is more
than paralleled when" a Virginia Democrat
charges here or elsewhere that the Repub-
licans of Virginia are guilty of using intim-
idation to prevent Democrats from voting as
their consciences may dictate. I could not
permit his remarks to pass unchallenged, and
in the five minutes I was under the rules per-'
initted to occupy I endeavored to show that
his charges against the party of which I am a
member were unfounded and unsupported by
facts, but that on the contrary the Democratic
party of Virginia had been guilty of fraud, in-
timidation, and wrong in their efforts to gain
and retain political power in the State, men-
tioning such- instances as occurred to me at
the moment and were familiar to rae from
personal knowledge, or acquired from other
sources and believed by me to be true.
Ho reply, was made, to my remarks at the-
time, but on the 16th of llarch following,
my colleague from the. seventh district of
Virginia obtained permission to print some
remarks, which appeared in the Globe of the
17th, and the publication of which has, in my
opinion, rendered it necessary that I should on
this occasion—the first since the publication
of his remarks when I have been able to
obtain the floor—present the evidence upon
•which I based my previous statements, and
show the House that the charges made by me
in my remarks on the 6th of March last were
fuUy warranted and.justifiecLby the facts. It.
is an old saying that when one shoots into a
flock of ducks the hutt birds flutter. Judging
Irom the commotion in the Virginia Democ-
racy as evinced by the comments of the
Democratic papers of the State, the .speech
of my colleague, and the letters of his cor-
respondents, the chance shpt made by me
in my previous remarks stAick a sore spot
in his party ; and in order to prejudice the
people of Virginia and weaken any impres-
sion I might otherwise have made, upon
thera, I have-been charged with attacking the
people of Virginia and slandering them from
my place in the Congress of the United States.
I indignantly deny this charge. The people
of Virginia are my people as much as they are
my colleagues. I yield to no Representative
my State has in either branch of Congress in
my devotion to and love for my State and its
people, nor in the 2;eal I have shown, and
which, so long as I have the honor to occupy
my present position, 1 shall continue to show
for-ner every interest p I stajjd here just as
much entitled to speak for her people as any
of my associates.
I invite a scrutinizing, searching examin-
ation of my record as a Representative since
the people of the second district first sent me
here, and challenge any man to point out one
instance where 1 have failed in an earnest;
painstaking fidelity to the interests of my peo-
ple, or a conscientious performance of the
duties properly pertaining to my position. I
have made no charge against the people of
Virginia; I have none to make; but I have
maderchargesTigainst tbc 'Democrstic party of
Virgin®, and I now reiterate and reaffirm all
the charges against that corrupt, unscrupulous,
cowardly party of false pretenses, that I have
ever made, and declare my earnest.conviction
that not one hundredth part of the atrocities
and villainies it has perpetrated in Virginia
will ever be brought to light until the guilty
actors are arraigned before that great judgment
seat to which we must all come at last, and
made to'answer there for their crimes.
My colleague has selected from my previous
remarks the portions to which he specially
excepts, and which he commenced seeking
evidence to refute as early as the 7th of March.
As he has chosen to make them a test of the
correctness of my statements, I accept his
challenge, and will stand or fall in the judg-
ment of this House as I succeed or fail in sus-
taining my previous charges, even giving the
evidence he adduces in the form of letters from
the mayor of Richmond and the gentleman
who represents the city of Norfolk in the Vir-
ginia senate the same force given to the sworn
statements I shall adduce in support of my
charges against the Democracy. He quotes
me as follows:
"And I do say further, that the party which is
represented on this floor by the gentleman who has
just spoken, having had the control of the State of
Virginia, have by their acts in every possible way,
except by an organized KuKluxsystem, intimidated
voters and kept them from exercising the rights
which the laws of this country declared they should
have." *********
"X wish to call the attention of the committee to
an act passed by the Legislature of Virginia only a
few weeks ago, and X challenge the history of this or
any other country to produce a parallel to it. In
the city of Norfolk, in my district, there is a con-
siderable Republican majority, but by an unholy
gerrymandering, the Legislature have thrown all the
Republican majority into one part of the city, so
that the common council is equally divided. We
have in the council six Republicans and six Demo-
crats. Of course, in these circumstances, nothing
could be done. Everything was at a deadlock.
There were Republican officers selected by the pre-
vious Republican council and by the people. Well,
what did the Legislature of Virginia do? They
passed a law giving one of the men in the council
two votes, so that by one vote he could produce a tie
and then give a casting and deciding vote; and to-
day we have presented the spectacle of six men with
seven votes—a state of things produced by the Legis-
lature of Virginia to enable them to carry out par-
tisan ends and to eject from office the Republicans
elected by the people.
" Now, let me ask the gentleman to carry his mind
back to the period two years ago, when in the city
of Richmond Gr. W. (Jhahoon was elected mayor. It
wassupposedby his party that they were absolutely
certain of carrying" the city; but when the ballots
came to be counted on the night of the election they
found to their astonishment that the Republican
party had carried the city of Richmond. But what
did they do ? Thefaw of Virginia requires that after
the ballots are counted they shall be put in a box,
and that that box shall be carried by the officers of
election and deposited with the clerk of the oourt.
The next morning after the election, while the offi-
cer of election of one of the wards was proceeding
with the box containing the ballots to deposit them
with the clerk of the court, he was attacked in broad
daylight in the streets of Richmond by men in dis-
guise, the box taken, and its contents scattered to
the winds.
" And although the result of the election was on
record, signed by every officer of election, the judges
of election, when they came to make the count, threw
out theVotesof that ward on the ground that the law
had not been complied with, because the votes had
not been deposited with the! clerk of the court. And
the gentleman's party to-day, as the fruit of that
villainy, are holding in defiance of the majority of
the voters of Richmond all the offices of that city.
They do so in consequence of that violation of law
and justice committed in brpad daylight in the city
Qf Richtpotad, and for whioh no living man has' ever
been ptfnished in any way or manner."
* * * * * *
"Now, I charge that all over Virginia, at every
election held theresince the war, sinee the passage
of the reconstruction acts, these things have oc-
curred. What do you see to-day in the city of
Norfolk? Whenever an election occurs there, in
defiance of a law which says there shall be no distinc-
tion, they have two ballot-boxes, one for the white
men and one for the colored men. The election
officers take fifteen minutes or half an hour to take
the vote of a colored man, while a white man votes
in thirty seconds. At every election in Norfolk and
in Richmond when the polls close there are hun-
dreds of colored men standing on the street who
have been deprived of the rightto vote by the action
of the officers of the election delaying them in that
way."
I was compelled to leave the city on the
same evening on which I made these remarks
and was -unable to correct them before their
publication in the Globe, and I was reported
incorrectly in two particulars. First, the word
Norfolk in the second paragraph should be
Portsmouth. This my colleague should have
been familiar enough with affairs in Virginia
to have known. Secondly, I did not intend to
say or to be understood as saying that all col-
ored men were delayed fifteen minutes or half
an hour in voting; but that this was done in
many instances needlessly , and for the purpose
of delaying and preventing the deposit of
Republican votes. With these corrections, I
now, with a full knowledge of the responsibility
I assume, reiterate the charges made in the
extract I have just read, and declare on my
honor as a man and my responsibility as a
Representative that I believe they are true,
and that tfrey not only do not exaggerate, but
that they fail to convey any adequate idea of
the enormities and crimes committed by the
Democratic party in Virginia.
The very evidence adduced by my colleague
proves their truth, and I am astonished that
he failed to see in reading the letters of his
correspondents how clearly they corroborated
my statements in the most important particu-
lars. My colleague says in relation to the
extracts from my former remarks given above:
" Mr. Braxton. It will be observed that the fore-
going extracts contain charges against the city of
Norfolk, the city of Richmond, the Legislature of
Virginia, and the Conservative party throughout
the entire State. It is charged first in regard to the
Legislature of Virginia, that there were six Repub-
licans and six Democrats in the council of Norfolk
city; and that the Virginia Legislature passed a law
giving one man two votes, one to produce a tie, the
second to be used as a-casting and deciding vote;
second, that the judges of election in Norfolk take
from fifteen minutes to half an hour to vote a negro,
and only thirty seconds to vote a white man. In
reply to these charges I ask permission to have read
the following letter received on Thursday last from
Colonel Walter H. Taylor, the present senator from.
Norfolk eity in the Virginia Legislature.
" The Clerk read as follows:
Richmond, Virginia, March 13,1872.
Dear Sir: I have but this moment returned to
Richmond after an absence of several days, and find
your two letters of the 7th and 12th instant. This
will explain why you have not sooner had an answe r.
In regard to the matter first mentioned: the coun-
cil of the city, of Portsmouth consists of twelve mem-
bers, six from each of two wards. One ward sent
Conservative and the other Republican members,
so that the council stood six to six. For along time
no organization could be effected. No president nor
clerk, could be elected, and, indeed, nothing at all
done which was calculated to draw party lines.
Finally a compromise was made; it was agreed that
the Conservatives should have the presiding officer,
and the Republicans the clerk* (the latter a paying-
office, the former not.) The next difficulty arosi*
when the council proceeded to elect certain muni-
cipal officers, collectors, <fcc. It was impossible, of
course, to agree on any one man. Six would vote
for the Conservative and six for the Radical nom-
inee. If one of the Radical members happened to
be sick, the remaining five absented themselves, thus
preventing a quorum, and producing a dead-lock,
under the circumstauces, a bill was introduced in
the Legislature and passed, granting the presiding
officer, in the even t of a tie, the right to give the cast-
ing vote, he, of course, voting as a member besides.
In regard to the second matter mentioned, I can
only say I do not believe what is asserted. It may be
that colored men are sometimes too late to vote; and
the same may be said of white voters; but that what
you say Mr. Platt asserts is the general rule or
practice, I am not prepared to admit. I am sure if
such was the caae I would be cognizant of the fact,
whereas X have nogoodxeason whatever to believe
for a moment that the assertion could be sustained
by the facts; but, on the other hand, I am convinced
from my own limited observation, and moro sspe-
