3832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
legislation in regard to it." "Almost everyday some
Splendid steamer arrives with evervarticle needed
by the people of Brazil from England and conti-
nental European poits." We have a steamer once
a month, while a dozen three thousand ton steam-
ers would soon be fully employed." The greatest
need of the masses ot Brazil is bread, and as they
become accustomed to flour and corn the consump-
tion of tbeir mandioca wiil decline.
Mr. HALE. I hope the House will not
recede from its position. Three days ago it
voted down this subsidy by a vote of two to
one. It seems that the conferees on the part
of the Senate, where this subsidy passed, I
believe, by only one majority, have insisted
that it shall again come back here before us.
I do not know that there will ever be an end
to claims of this kind for the public money
until the House and the Senate, until the
American Congress, shall give these men all
they choose to ask.
1, for one, am not frightened at the word
"subsidy," but neither am I enamored ot the
woid. Wherever I can be made to see that
an appropriaiion from the Government will
revive drooping commerce, and by opening
new lines of transportation will increase com-
munication ; will increase the interchange of
products; will take our products that are
needed in a country abroad and carry them
there, and bring their products that are needed
here back to us ; wherever 1 can pee that a
fair field is thus open for the enterprise of the
American people, I will vote for such a prop-
osition. It was for that reason that I voted for
the Japanese sleatnship subsidy, the strongest
argument, I believe, that was urged in favor of
that subsidy being that it was a distinctive
case.
It was said that this was a line to the Pacific,
not to the Atlantic shores; that this was a
virgin field, its waters yet unplowed. We
lie midway between England and those far-
off' eastern countries. We should have their
commerce, which Great Britain and France
have hitherto monopolized; and the simple
question was whether we were to put our lines
on there or allow those European countries to
retain the whole of that commerce.
Cut, sir, no such question is presented in
this case. This is a case of bald and bare
subsidy, It is a subsidy to help a man out of
a scrape that he has got into. I want to tell
the House how I came to this conviction. I
have never heard a word from any one against
this subsidy. There are no lobbyists against
it. The only men I have heaid are the men
whoappeared before the Committee on Appro-
piiutions, the proprietor of this line, and his
lobbyists and attorney. We listened to them
attentively, and they gave lis the summary of
what has been read here at the Clerk's desk ;
and when they had got through some member
of the committee said, ''Mr. Garrison, how
is it ? Do your vessels, running once a month,
carry freight, or do they rim comparatively
empty?" He wriggled lor a time, but finally
answered that they ran comparatively empty.
W e have therefore one line a month there which
runs comparatively empty. Eight or ten lines
are running from England or France with full
cargoes and ours are empty; and it is only
a question whether we shall give so much
more for two lines a month to run empty or
IS"t. I acknowledge that in my investigation
of this question I have come nearer to sinking
hard-pan than i ever did in my hie before.
You may put on three lines a month and still
they will run empty, and for this reason : that
Fiance and England can produce and will
produce merchandise and send it there, filling
the vessels of their lines, and ours will go
enip'y wheie theirs aio tilled.
1 do not mean this in the direction of free
trade simply; it is another thing than that.
Our broad expanse of country, with now
regions always opening, and a vastly increas-
ing population, makes a market for our pro-
ducts here at home. Our manufacturers are
prosperous and are not broken down. It does
not follow that because we do not send mer-
chandise to Brazil we are not manufacturing.
We are manufacturing more and more every
year, and you may put a double or treble line
on this route to help this man outof the scrape
he is in, outof this enterprise that he enteied
into with his eyes wide open, and yet you will
not have your products going down there.
Why do they not go there now, if not for the
reason which I have given? No other reason
so good can be given. Is any man here in-
clined to believe the puerile reason that is
urged here, that because we have only a
line now once a month our vessels go empty,
and that if we had two lines a month they
would go filled? Why, sir, the products
we could send there are products which are in
constant use; wheat, manufactures, and boots
and shoes, not fluctuating articles. Men need
them there to wear or to eat alltbe time. If we
could afford to send them there they would
take them once a month.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it is certain
that the House did not fully comprehend the
merits of this question when it was submitted
the other day, as it should have done, because
the elements of fact and truth connected with
it were not then expressed, and are now very
little understood by the House or by the country.
My connection with the business of the
House in an entirely different direction has led
me carefully to examine with great interest
this subject, and I can say with all candor and
fidelity that the American people do not ap-
preciate the important relations which the
South American States bear to us and to the
commerce of the world. We have but an im-
perfect appreciation of its importance, and
when I say to the House, as I do, that such
States as Buenos Ayres, the Argentine Repub-
lic, and Brazil are increasing in population
and in the development of wealth as rapidly
as the most prosperous portions of the United
States, they will no doubt question the truth
of that -which I say, and yet it is true.
Some time ago, when we were considering
the relations of this country with foreign Gov-
ernments, it was stated that with Uruguay wo
had a trade of only $020,006, When in fact
our tiade amounts to nearly three million dol-
lars, and Uruguay, a country scarcely known
to us, and which is represented as producing
nothing, has an import and export trade of
$30,000,000 a year, and it is the least import-
ant of the South American Slates. The Bra-
zil and River Plate Mail, published in Eon-
don 2'2d January, 1872, says that the value
of the exports of Uruguay increased from
lifty to one hundred per cent, over those of
18(i9. 'The sum total, including cereals, was
$30,000,000. '' The Banda Oriental," it says,
"is a country which does not know its riches.
It is one of the most favored spots ot' nalure,
and only requires peace, economy, and liberty
to make it one of the most prosperous States
of the world." Uruguay increased its custom
receipts in the last three years eighty per cent,
and its exports upon the same authority
§15,000,000 in the same period.
The commerce of the Argentine Republic
in 1809 with great Britain amounted to §14,-
ai7,: 80, against $12,394,000 in 18G6, and
with France from five to seven million dollars.
It has a territory of twelve hundred thousuid
squaie iniles and a population of eighteen
hundred and fifty thousand, which is increasing
as rapidly as that of any State in our own
country. In 18G0 it had no s'eam communi-
cation except-by the royal mail to Southamp-
ton, England. It had the benefit in 1871 of
nine lines of ocean steamers, connecting with
Liverpool, Glasgow, Southampton, London,
Bord eaux, Lisbon, Marseilles, Havre, Ant-
werp, Genoa, and Valparaiso.
In 1860 Buenos Ayres received six thousand
emigrants; in 1870 it had forty thousand.
The same increase in proportion to population
would give the United States eight hundred
thousand emigrants. These facts are given in
a pamphlet upon the river Platte, published in
London in 1871.
The commerce of Brazil with foreign States
exceeds one hundred and seventy million dol-
lars. Its industrial development is most re-
markable. Twenty-five years since, its coffee
product was fifteen million pounds. It now
exceeds five hundred million pounds. Its ter-
ritory is half as large as that of Europe, and
is capable of producing almost every product
of temperate and tropical zones. Its popula-
tion is over ten million, which is rapidly aug-
mented by European emigration. Brazil ex-
pended last year $50,000 for encouragement
of emigration, which is placed in the hands of
its ministers and consuls in different parts of
Europe. Six of these States, Brazil, Buenos
Ayres, Argentine liepublic, Uruguay, Para-
guay, and Bolivia, have an export and import
trade of $300,000,000, and all are rapidly in-
creasing in'ptosperity and population, with the
exception of Paraguay. They are establish-
ing communications between the coast and the
interior of the respective States by railways
and lines of steamers. Brazil has in opera-
tion and in construction fifteen hundred miles
of railway and thirteen lines of steamers with
the interior of that portion -of the continent
■which she commands.
Brazil is a most importaut country. It is to
the South American continent what the Uni-
ted Stateg is to the northern continent. Now,
sir, the line of steamers which we are asked to
aid has a connection with six of these States,
Brazil, the Argentine Republic, Bolivia, Uru-
guay, Paraguay, and Buenos Ayres. They have
an import trade of $150,000,000 a year, and a
larger trade than that in exports. The exports
exceed imports in all of these States, with one
exception, and they are all struggling for the
development of their resources with the same
energy and success that Brazil has given to
her industry.
Their trade is more than three hundred mil-
lion dollars a year. Who shall have the bene-
fit of it? That isthe question. Great Britain
now has ninety-six per cent., while the United
States has only three per cent. We take
twenty-five per cent, of the exports of Brazil
and supply but four per cent, of her imports.
It is of vast importance to us, not only com-
mercially but politically, that we should share,
at least, this trade with Great Britain and
Europe. As it is, the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] has stated the fact that while we
by means of this line import from Brazil that
which we desire, we have no power to send to
her our productions. We take her products
but we cannot send ours in return.
Mr. HALE. Do the vessels that are run
by this Brazilian line at present go to Brazil
loaded with our products?
Mr. BANKS. .No, sir.
Mr. HALE. Why not?
Mr. BANKS. Because the trade with Bra-
zil is monopolized by the English and Euro-
pean steamers.
Mr. HALE. We have the products.
Mr. BANKS. Let me make a statement.
Great Britain sends seventy-one steamers to
South America, and has nearly one hundred
thousand tons of steam tonnage engaged in
the South American trade. The restol Europe
has some fifty thousand more of steam tonnage
in that trade, making from one hundred and
fifty to one hundred and eighty thousand tons
of steamers engaged in the British and Eu-
ropean trade with South American. They
run ten or twelve steamers a month, and
they have thus the control of the trade. We
have but one steamer a month, and we can do
nothing.
What does the Postmaster General say in
regard to our letters from Brazil? He says,
in the report just read by the Clerk, that
letters from Brazil to the United States are
