1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
with Russia, which God forbid; if we are going
to get into new complications with Spain, in
■wresting the unfortunate island of Cuba from
Bien who are insulting the people of this coun-
try day after day and outraging humanity, we
need an efficient Navy. I had indulged the
hope that my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, would revive
that subject which he has handled with so much
zeal and ability in the past.
When I was a member of that committee 1
was indisposed to inteifere with the interna-
tional relations existing between the two coun-
tries. I was opposed, sir, to any interference
with the provisions of international law as we
understood them. I resisted every effort to
recognize the independence of Cuba, because
I did not see that an ipso facto government
existed which would have authorized such pro-
ceeding on the part of the United Statesj but
I am free to say now, since these complications
are increasing, if a bill were brought into this
House to-morrow to recognize the independ-
ence of Cuba, after what has transpired and
is transpiring from day to day, I could stand,
up here in my place and advocate it. I think
the time has coine, sir, when this Government
should put her hand down upon the disgraceful
conduct which has been pursued by the pro-
visional government of Spain in reference to
the island of Cuba.
Why, Mr. Chairman, a short time ago, it
was announced to this country, and I presume
it is admitted to be a fact, that children of the
public schools who had been taught to sym-
pathize with the institutions of this country,
with the free spirit which prevails throughout
the length and breadth of this country, had
been drawn up in the public squares and merci-
lessly shot down in the face of their parents
and sympathizers. Why, sir, can the Amer-
ican Government submit to such outrages as
this? In the name of humanity can we give
our approval to proceedings of this sort. 1 am
sure there is not, a man in this House whose
blood does not boil by the recital of events
which have occurred in Cuba. We have pur-
sued the generous course, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs have pursued a generous course
with reference to Cuba.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume there will be
unanimous consent to allow the gentleman to
go on and finish his remarks.
Mr. SARGDNT. Of course there will be
no objection.
There being no objection, the time was ex-
tended fifteen minutes.
Mr. SWANN. Now, Mr. Chairman, in ref-
erence to this subject of Cuba, 1 desire to say
to this House that it was with profound sur-
prise I was called to witness the conduct of
the American representative at that point.
Whether we were represented there or not, I
am not prepared to say. When those boys
were brought into the public square and were
mercilessly shot down ; when that square was
bathed with the blood of these young fellows
imbibing the spirit of liberty from our own in-
stitutions, I would have said to these people :
" This thing cannot go on. If this outrage is
committed on humanity, if you go on, I will
warn you that the consequences of your act
will be the invasion of your country by the
American flag from one end of your country
to the other." Whether it met with the ap-
proval of the Government or not, I would have
thrown myself, had L been the representative of
the Government on that island, upon that prin-
ciple of humanity, of freedom, of justice, and
of equality which exist throughout this great
Republic, to sustain me in my action. It was
one of the greatest outrages ever perpetrated
in the history of the chilized world, to see
these beardless boys, these fresh-lipped boys,
marched out into the public square and merci-
lessly shot down in the face of their pareuts
and sympathizers for no crime with which
thev were charged, except that they were sym-
pathizing with the institutions of this country
which we have built up arid taught, and which
it is our mission to teach—enough to make
our blood curdle and boil in our veins.
I say, sir, with profound surprise that I have
witnessed no effort on the part of this Gov-
ernment in behalf of these poor and suffering
people. I had expected that my honorable
friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, would have come to their aid.
I would ask that gentleman whether the rela-
tions between this country and Spain are in
any respect different from what they were when
I had the honor to cooperate with him most
cordially, as he and I always did, respecting
him as 1 always did for his boldness and his
courage in reference to measures of national
importance. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs whether there has
been any change in the relations of this coun-
try in that respect since I was a member of the
committee ?
Mr. BANKS. To what country does the
gentlemau allude in connection with the Uni-
ted States? I did not hear the gentleman's
remarks.
Mr. SWANN. I have asked the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, whose
humble follower I tried to be, in reference to
those complications which have grown up in
Cuba, although I did not go to the extent my
honorable friend did. While I appreciate his
courage, and appreciate the public service he
was rendering the country by his bold and
decided action in regard to all these questions
of foreign complications growing up between
that country and this, I say I have asked my
honorable friend whether there is any difference
in the relations now existingbetween this Gov-
ernment and Cuba from the relations which
existed at the time when I was cordially co-
operating with the gentleman as a member of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs? I ask the
question for information merely.
Mr. BANKS. I do not understand that
there is any material change in the relations
between this Government and the Spanish
Government, so far as Cuba isconcerned, from
what existed when the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Swans] was a member of the Com-
mittee on Foieign Affairs. Those relations are
substantially the same now as they were then,
so far as 1 understand the position of the
matt or.
Mr. SWANN. Now, Mr. Chairman, I am
not disposed to enlarge on the many other
questions affecting the foreign relations of this
country, on which I would desire to speak if
my lime were not limited. I do not propose
to-day—and I think it would be atask of some
difficulty to undertake—to explain the attitude
in which we stand to the Government of Great
Britain. We hear of the probabilities of a war
with Great Britain, and there area great many
comments on the subject inall the newspapers
throughout the country.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I cannot say that I am
afraid of a foreign war. I cannot say that I
am afraid of any foreign Power. I believe,
sir, that this country is able to take care of
itself. I think her proportions have grown
to be such now that she can stand up and
maintain her position in the face of the civil-
ized world. I am not, sir, for forcing a war
with Great Britain with reference to the British
treaty or anything else, but I am for maintain-
ing the rights of American citizens. I am pre-
pared to do that at every sacrifice, and at all
hazards.
A war with Great Britain has 110 terrors for
me. Why, sir, what is yourcommerCe to day?
Your commerce has been nearly wiped out
under the operation of your present tariff.
1 ou have no ships of any consequence afloat.
Your commerce, sir, is gone, absolutely gone,
liuglaud has all or nearly all your carrying
trade. What, then, havo we to fear from a
maritime war? It is well known, sir, to the
people of this country and to the world that
any war which may arise hereafter with any
foreign Power must be confined to the seas.
To think of invading this country is a thing
utterly out of the question. In ten days, sir,
or in one month at farthest, we could concen-
trate enough men upon the sea-board, standing
under the stars and stripes, to maintain the
character and power and the dignity of this
nation. Sir, you could muster two millions of
men upon a short notice upon any given point
upon your sea-board to fight in such a cause as
that. Therefore, sir, the idea of any invasion
of this country is absurd and ridiculous, and
any war that we may engage in hereafter must
be a war upon the high seas, a maritime war.
In that event what would we have to fear from
Great Britain or any other foreign Power?
Why, sir, we could take a dozen of their ves-
sels where they could not find one of ours to
put their hands upon. As a financial measure
affecting all the people of this country, the
commercial interests, the agricultural interests,
and the manufacturing interests, the greatest
benefit that could inure to this country would
be a war with Gieat Britain.
But I deprecate that, sir. I am not here to-
day to advocate it. God forbid that we should
ever go into another war. Nothing but the
maintenance of the rights of this country and
the dignity of this country and the honor of thia
country would induce me to vote that we should
take up arms again, unless it were to repel the
invasion of any foreign foe. That is my view
in regard to this complication and all others.
How it is going to end God only knows ; I
cannot tell. I believe that these complications
are more serious than we suppose. Why, sir,
who represents us in this foreign commission ?
We know that a gentleman who was formerly
here as assistant in the State Department is
now one of the representatives of this nation
on that commission. I do not mean to reflect
on that gentleman at all, for I believe him to be
a most worthy man ; but I do say, in the selec-
tion of material to conduct a great negotiation
like that, we should put our hands on the best
men, the most reliable men in this country, not
on clerks, not on subordinates in the State
Department, or in any other Department of
the Government. Let us get men of reputa-
tion, statesmen of influence, men who are rec-
ommended for such positions by their past
reputations, to conduct these important and
delicate negotiations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the gentle-
man alluding to the joint high commission'r
Mr. SWANN. I allude, sir, to Mr. Bancroft
Davis. I mean no reflection upon him. My
relations with him have always been of the
most friendly character, and I should be sorry
indeed to say anything reflecting upon his
character. What I mean to say is that he does
not comc up to the standard of statesmanship
that would challenge the confidence of the
country, and I ask my friend whether or not
in an important negotiation of this sort,where
the commissioner has the power to embroil
the country, and where this one, if reports be
true, has embroiled this country, he was a
proper selection? I wish it understood that I
make no personal objection to Mr. Bancroft
Davis; I have no doubt of his ability in a more
appropriate sphere.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I thought the
gentleman was referring to the original joint
high commission. I perceive now that he is
referring to another matter.
Mr. SWANN. I have no desire, sir, to
reflect on the commission, and no desire to
express an opinion as to the result of these
complications. They may lead to war, and as
this may be the result, I think we should be
prepared for such a contingency. I will say
here with perfect sincerity that if a proposi-
tion were introduced to-morrow to construct
twenty iron-clads, so as to reconstruct this
dilapidated Navy of ours, I would give it my
