1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3833
sent by the way of England. England has a
steamer to Brazil every six, eight, or ten days,
and we have but one in thirty days. Of course
the letters go by English steamers. No one
■waits a week or a fortnight, still less a month
for a chance to mail a, letter when he can
find one when he is ready for it. The Post-
master General has told us that we are
losing the carrying of American letters, for
they are now carried froth Brazil to Great
Britain and brought fro.m thence to this coun-
try. Still more is it certain that we will lose
not only our letter carriage and our import
trade, but our own export trade as well, be-
cause with these nine or ten lines of ocean
steamers between Brazil and Europe, we can-
not expect to get control of that trade. Now,
why do we not send these ships full of our
products?
11 r. HALE. What is the reason?
Mr. BANKS. I will tell the gentleman why.
It is because we are not ready for them when
they are ready for us. Nearly half of our
exports are now sent in foreign bottoms. The
reports of our own Statistical Bureau will show
that to be the fact. And as we are unable to
semi to Brazil in our own ships our own exports,
it follows of course that we cannot control but
must be subject to the trade as it exists between
that country and Great Britain. We have but
the refuse of Biazilian commerce. We take
that which others reject. We can import pro-
ducts for which we are ready to pay gold, but
not that for which we can exchange our bread-
stuffs or manufactures. We take one half of
the five hundred million pounds of coffee which
Brazil produces, but We must pay in gold.
Mr. HALE. I do not like to interrupt the
gentleman.
Mr. BANKS. I beg you will not, because
I have only five minutes.
Mr. HALE. I would like to have the gentle-
man answer me one question.
Mr. BANKS. Very well—a question.
Mr. HALE. If we now send out a ship
there once a month, comparatively empty,
how would it change the matter any if we
should send out ten ships a month ?
Mr. BANKS. I will tell the gentleman.
This line going there once in thirty days is not
able to receive orders. It must, return before
the orders which it carries out can be filled ;
and orders which are ready in the intervals
will not wait its arrival. It is the case with
American letters. The British steamers, one
of which leaves every four or five days, are
ready for every shipment, and cause no delay
in the operations of importers or exporters,
and they thus take not only our trade but our
letters. It was not so when our clipper ships
ruled the sea, as they did before the war. We
then balanced our imports by our exports.
We shipped to Brazil five hundred thousand
barrels of flour a year, and now a quarter less,
when we'should have doubled or tripled our
export of breadstuffs. We have lost our clip-
per ships, and England has supplied their
place by ocean steamers. The trade, of course,
that once was ours, now is monopolized by her.
Mr. DICKEY. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. BANKS. No, not now. Let me state
another fact, more important than this. Not
only will they take our own exports in foreign
bottoms, but they will go from Brazil to
Europe in order to obtain the exports which
are carried from this country to England. We
have to pay gold for what we buy; we cannot
pay in our manufactures. Let us double this
line, and then we will have some opportunity
to compete in this trade. This is theonly line
that Brazil has assisted; the only instance in
which she has given liberally of her own treas-
ures to maintain steam communication with
foreign countries. Being weaker than we are,
she is wiser, and appreciates better than we
do the necessities as well as advantages in
fostering and Strengthening the friendly rela-
tions between the two countries. Naturally,
so far as personal interests are concerned, her
rulers would be drawn toward Europe; but
she seems desirous to sever this connection, at
least to strengthen her connection with the
United States. I hope we may never refuse
our cooperation in a policy so eminently wise
and just. We might wish to do more and bet-
ter for the different branches of commerce; but
we cannot now accomplish all we wish; it
remains to be done hereafter. Let us not on
that account obliterate the faint traces that
remain of that splendid commerce which was
once the admiration of the world.
Mr. KERR. I am thoroughly persuaded
that this is not a question of commerce or no
commerce; it is not a question whether we
shall have commerce between this country and
South America or not; it is not a question
whether it shall be carried in this particular
line or not, or whether this line shall, prosper
or fail. It is a question, and that is all there
ia of it, whether we will subsidize another
steamship line in addition to the one to which
we have already given such a disgraceful sub-
sidy but the other day. It is a question
whether the success of that job has prepared
the way for the success of another.
This is a subsidy, and nothing else ; and it is
being engineered here by a lobby. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] whose
conversion to this scheme I most heartily de-
plore, need not tell me that this line is owned
by an humble individual who has not made a
•cent from it in five years. I say it is owned
by Colonel Garrison, of New York, a million-
aire, who is too sharp and too successlul a
man to be for five years the owner of a steam-
ship line that makes him nothing. Wealth
does not conduct itself in that way ; it is too
sagacious for that. But it comes here when
it wants to add to its earnings, when it wants
to multiply its dividends, when ■ it is not con-
tent with five or six or ten per cent, profit, and
seeks to put its hands into the public Treas-
ury and take therefiom additional dividends
out of the revenues paid from the toil, labor,
and sufferings of the people. That is what
this "humble" citizen now seeks to do. 1
know that he has had his lobby here. No
gentleman need deny it. It has been patent
to almost all men about this House during the
last two months. I can name some of its mem-
bers. This bad scheme is no better than any
other that aims to secure something for noth-
ing, There is no honest reciprocity in it. It
is all for the advantage of one party to it, and
his friends in and out of the lobby.
Mr. Speaker, I confess frankly that it is dif-
ficult for me to command language in which
to express my detestation of this kind of legis-
lation. It seems to me to strike at the very
heart of the purity of this Government, not
only to violate the manifest and clear rights
of the people, not only to do violence to the
public Treasury, but to affect the public morals,
and to be therefore such a scheme as comes
here with no merit at all.
Mr. Speaker, the country knows what it is
that has destroyed American commerce so far
as it isdestroyed, and intelligent men the world
over know what will build it up. Not boun-
ties, not subsidies, not, swindling protective
tariffs, but honest and equal laws, taxation
for revenue alone, and freedom of exchange.
The people of this country have not money
enough with which to buy it up. Commerce,
to be safe and strong and honest, must, like
the winds of heaven, come and go by its own
laws and its own power. It must be regulated
by the wants and demands of the country;
and when it thus springs up it will be honest
commerce, legitimate commerce; it will he
such as will make a country wealthy and pow-
erful. But that commerce which is purchased
at the expense of the people and of public
morals, by schemes like this, is a curse to the
| country, it does not cheapen importation or
| transportation by a penny. It does not cheap-
| en by one faithing the commodities consumed
and paid for by the people. It confers upon
the people literally no advantage they would
not enjoy in as full measure if not a cent of
Subsidy were. paid. But it does extort much
from them, it increases their burdens, it adds
to their already unjust and oppressive taxa-
tion, it reduces th-eir ability to purchase for
their individual comfort, and thus direely
diminishes their- happiness. All taxation
diminishes happiness. This scheme robs
the people of their revenue, which it is the
imperative duty of their Representatives here
to expend only for honest and legitimate pur-
poses.
All this talk about commerce is to cover a
scheme, a job, and nothing else. It is the
plea that millionaires make when they come
here, in order to conceal their real, secret,
moving purpose. It is against schemes like
this that, while God gives me strength of
voice and hand, I will forever protest; and I
hopCj Mr. Speaker, that the Representatives
on this floor to-day will not relax one jot or
tittle of their hostility to this scheme. 1 re-
gret profoundly that they did the other day
suffer that olher scheme to succeed, which had
no merit, and in my judgment should have
been repelled with indignation. To-day, as
always happens on these schemes, the friends
of this assume a great number of facts, all of
which are either untrue or unmeritorious and
valueless if true. They say this steamship
line does not pay. Admit it, although it is not
true. Are there not, millions of ventures made
all over the country every year by other citi-
zens that do not pay ? Who proposes to make
them pay? Do they come here to have their
b:*d bargains or their unsuccessful enter-
prises made good out of other people's money?
No, and if they did they would be repelled,
because they could not first subsidize the lobby.
This is no part of the business of Govern-
ment. It is wrong and outrageous toward the
poor tax-payers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
sought the floor, Mr. Speaker, not that I feel
any emotion upon this question, but simply to
state to the House why I shall vote for assist-
ance to this line while I steadily declined.to
vote to aid the Pacific mail steamship line.
• I saw, as the gentleman from Maine says, that
the" Pacific line had virgin soil, unplowed by
steam, on which to operate ; that it had four
thousand miles of land and three thousand
miles of water, as protection between its
routes between it and British competition.
Further, the House was told that that line was
running fall of freight, was doing all the busi-
ness it could, and mueh freight was lying wait-
ing for transportation. I thought that if that
line was ever going to thriveit must thrive under
such an overcrowding of business, and that it
could get along without a subsidy now, if it
ever could do so at all. But, as I understand,
the fact to be, here is a line established some
ten years ago, which has been running, as I
believe, and 1 do not think any man who will
examine the circumstances will doubt the
fact, at no profit at all.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerk]
says that no shrewd man would so conduct
his business. The trouble is the successful
and able man who manages this Brazil line has
not the control of this matter. He agreed
with the Post Office Deparlment to run a line
for ten years at a certain price, and, come weal
or woe, he must run it. He does so out of
the fortune which came from clear business
capacity and hard labor; for he is one of
those who started with his own hands to earn
his own fortune. By thorough basiness talent
he has become able to sustain himself and to
pay any damages the United States might call
upon him for if he should take off the line.
He has, therefore, run it all the time.
Now, why does it not pay? Let me state
one or two facts. Because it only runs once
a month. My friend from Maine says it would
