2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
stamps on hand yet, I understand, which would
not be used up by that time ; and as to the
income tax the provision is, " that all taxes
upon incomes are repealed from and after the
passage of this act."
The VICE PRESIDENT. And that part
of the amendment the Senator from Missouri
moves to strike out.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to strike it out for the
reason that a portion of that income tax has
already been collected, and we should collect
the residue or return what has already been
collected.
Mr. HILL. Make that modification.
Mr. BLAIR. I will not make that modifi-
cation. I am in favor of collecting the income
tax as long as the existing law requires the
collection; and I am in favor of it because
if men who have incomes are not able to pay
taxes, I do not see why we should make others
who have not incomes pay them. Certainly
those who have incomes, the wealthy people
of this country, are much more able to pay
taxes than any other class. I call for the yeas
and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 desire to
call the attention of the Senate to the prac-
tical operation of repealing the income tax
at the present moment. The income that is
derived from all the railroads of the country,
railroad bonds, aud from all the banks, which
is usually paid on the 1st day of October and
the 1st day of April, and on the 1st day of
January and the 1st day of July, has already
been paid and taxed to every owner. There-
fore, parties whose property is invested in
these bonds or in these stocks have already
paid every dollar of income tax which can be
collected from them. Now it is proposed to
exempt those who have income derived from
other sources from the payment of this tax.
I think it is only necessary to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to this fact in order to have
the Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw his
proposition, because we have already acted
once at this session to restore taxes paid
under similar circumstances.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If I understand the
income tax law, it expired 011 the 31st of De-
cember last. On all railroad coupons that
have been payable in January, February, and
March last the income tax of two and a half
per cent, has been withheld from the parlies
presenting those coupons. That I know to be
a fact. Therefore, parties who have their
property in "railroad bonds have paid their
income tax, while parties who have income
derived from other sources have not done so.
Although the amount they have paid may not
have passed into the Treasury, still it is in the
hands of the railroad companies already as-
sessed and collected. Therefore, I think the
motion of the Senator from Missouri is a proper
one to strike out that clause of the amend-
ment and let the income tax, now past due,
bo paid by all persons.
Mr. SCOTT. It is undoubtedly true that
taxes have been collected upon coupons and
dividends as they fell due; but it is not true
in the broad sense here stated that all persons
interested in those railroads and banks have paid
their income tax. The personal income tax
of stockholders in railroads and banks has to
be assessed just the same as the personal
income tax of all other persons, and although
it is now in process of assessment it will not
be due until ilay. Although the taxes upon
coupons and dividends were paid during the
year 1871, there is not a particle more inequal-
ity in now releasing those who have yet their
personal income tax to pay than there has
been during the whole operation of the income-
tax system upon various classes of the com-
munity. It has been an unequal, unjust, and
burdensome tax all the time, and the people
had been led to look forward to the repeal of
it as soon as this Congress assembled. We
have declined to do so. fMe I agree that
this is an inequality, one that I should be glad
to remedy, yet I am still willing to do as much
as we can toward removing this war tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to give an illus-
tration of the condition of the income tax and
then see whether Senators are willing to put
themselves in that category. A poor woman,
whose income is a few dollars from railroad
bonds or United States bonds or any other
bonds, has to pay an income tax of two and
a half per cent., and she has already paid an
income tax of two and a half per cent, on the
whole of her income without any deduction.
We have not yet paid our income tax upon our
salaries. It is collectible next month.
Mr. EDMUNDS. WhyJ Mr. President,
there is no income tax on salaries.
Mr. SCOTT. We exempted salaries. last
year.
Mr. SHERMAN. We pay an income tax
on all over $2,000. But take a personal in-
come derived frotn business, a professional
income; say the income of a lawyer.
Mr. BOREMAN. Take John Jacob Astor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; take John Jacob
Astor, whose income is derived from real
estate. He has not paid a cent of income tax
for 1871. The income tax expired by limita-
tion last year; but John Jacob Astor yet owes
an income tax for that year, and has not paid
it. Will you repeal the income tax as to him,
and leave the widow and those whose little
means have been invested in bonds, securities,
and the like to pay the tax during the same
period without refunding?
This shows the folly of attempting to legis-
late at this hour of the night on such a subject.
I do trust that Senators will let the internal
revenue alone, and I will give my guarantee
for all I am worth in the world that they will
have an opportunity during this session to
repeal all the internal taxes that they want to
repeal. The idea of legislating at this hour
of the night about so important a matter as
the repeal of the income tax or the repeal of
internal taxes, or the repeal of the stamp tax,
without proper qualifications and modifica-
tions, seems to me so manifestly wrong that the
Senate ought not to act upon it. I will not
say anything more.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot quite understand
the illustration with which we have been
favored by the Senator from Ohio. I have
heard a great deal said about bloated monopo-
lies and all that kind of thing ; but this is the
first time that I ever heard that poor widow
women and washerwomen were particularly
oppressed by our taxing railroads. I never
knew that they were the largest stockholders
in those enterprises. I think John Jacob
Astor would be just as likely to be a stock-
holder in a railroad as a washerwoman. I
believe, and I presume the Senate generally
think, that railroads are owned by the rich. I
think bonds are as likely to be m the hands
of rich bondholders as in the hands of poor
widow women. So that, so far as that is con-
cerned, I do not think there is any harm in
dropping the income tax on personal incomes
because the "bloated monopolies" have
already paid their part.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from South Carolina proceeds, the Chair
desires to know whether it is the wish of the
Senate that he should enforce the fourth rule
prohibiting Senators from speaking more than
twice in the same debate.
Several Senators. Yes: yes.
Mr. STEWART. I have not got through.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
certainly came to a very long stop. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STEWART. There is another thing
that has made me a little suspicious on this
whole subject. I have tried to get this income
tax repealed for the last two or three years,
and we have carried'the repeal both h®re a&jL
in the other House, but we never could get
the two votes together so as to get rid of the
tax. It always just failed to get through at
the end of the session, and we were always left
in great doubt. Whenever we could get a
square vote in a full Senate on the income tax*
we voted it down, but we never could get rid
of it. I believe it is an inquisitorial tax, one
very distasteful to the American people, how-
ever much we may theorize about it. In my
section of the country the people are very
much opposed to it.
I am very anxious, furthermore, that this
whole internal revenue system should be re-
moved so far as is practicable. Our people
do not like a large number of officers aud a
large number of tax-collectors, Federal tax-
collectors as well as State collectors. They
are willing to bear it if it is necessary; but it
has been so frequently stated to them that it is
unnecessary and that we could remove it if we
wished to do so, that if we make any mistake
on that point, we shall make a very serious
mistake.
I do not know how much influence the Fed-
eral officeholders would have in opposing this
when they receive notice that they are to lose
their places. I do not know how much influ-
ence they will bring to bear in delaying the
passage of the bill in the House. I do not
know whether every member of the House is
really in earnest to get rid of his revenue col-
lector and assessor and deputies. I do not
know whether he wants to get rid of them or
not, although undoubtedly he will be in earnest
in telling the people that he does want to get
rid of them. But I do not want to give any
Representative an excuse to go before his
people and say that it was placed out of his
power by the action of the Senate to get rid
of these officers. If it be a fact that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
or if there is a large number of influential men
in the House who are of opinion that we can-
not reduce more than §30,000,000 of taxation,
and then we reduce $30,000,000 in this tariff
bill, we shall be charged with having gone so
far on the tariff that they could not touch the
other subject of the internal revenue.
Mr. FRELINGHtWSEN. I desire the
attention of the Senator from Ohio for a mo-
ment. It seems to me very clear that this bill
cannot be perfected to-night, and it ought not
to be if it could be. If there is a disposition
to take up the question of the internal reve-
nue it certainly ought to have a great deal of
care and a great deal of attention. I shall
not vote to adjourn, and I do not think the
Senate will, as long as the Senator from Ohio
says he desires us to stay here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can test the
sense of the Senate. I agree with the Senator
that if the Senate should decide to put the
internal revenue question on this bill we ought
not to finish it, and I shall myself then vote
to adjourn; but I take it the Senate will not
do that, and all I desire is to have a vote on
the question. If now, without further debate,
the Senate indicate a purpose to attach this
internal revenue question to this bill, I cer-
tainly shall not be in favor of passing it
to-night.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
_ Mr. STEWART. I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate but a moment longer. If
we are to have a reduction of taxes, the sensi-
ble proposition is to send to the House a prop-
osition containing all the taxes we are willing
to reduce. Undoubtedly, as a practical busi-
ness question, that is the very best way to do
it. It the House are not willing to receive it
as a practical business question, but are going
to stand on their dignity, are going to take the
position that we cannot amend a revenue bill,
if this be a revenue bill, that is the end of
our action on this question, and we had better
know at once, and know it now, and know it
before we pass any bill they want us to pg,ss.
I-iaiak-thai. matter, had better fee MtMr Jf
