3834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
only have half as much trade if it were to
run twice a month. The answer is this : if
a horse railroad were to run only once every
half hour, would anybody wait for the car
until it came along rather than walk the dis-
tance of a mile? That illustrates this case.
It is not ruu often enough. A man in Brazil
must give his order to go by Mr. Garri-
son's ship to be filled in the United States.
He must then wait a month before it can reach
there, then a month before the return cargo
can start—that makes sixty days; and then
thirty days more to cross the seas, making iu
all ninety days before he can get his order
filled. In the mean time he must lay out his
capital and take all (he risk of a fall in the
price of the merchandise for a quarter of a
year; .whereas running out of the same port
are. lines to Trieste, to France, to England, to
Bremen: and they are running so that the
same man can be able to get a return within
sixty days. Mr. Garrison cannot give an im-
mediate return by his returning vessel; for
long before the order can be filled in New
York he must return to make his monthly
trip. It takes twenty-seven or twenty-eight
days to make the trip over the sea, and on the
30t,h lie must come back again. That is the
reason why our products cannot be sent to
Brazil by this line and meet European com-
petition. 1 wish to state another fact to the
House. While Brazil uses our flour very
largely, she gets most of it through English
vessels carried out from New York to England
and then exported to Brazil from England in
English bottoms. Why? Because they have
numerous lines of steam communication by
which that country is kept in weekly commun-
ication with Europe.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have taken the duty
off of tea and coffee; and coffee is a large
export from Brazil. We are largely supplied
by Brazil. Now, by steamers coffee can be
brought very much to the advautage of mer-
chants. They do not lose too much time. It
does not suffer the damage which it does in
sailing vessels. About lifteen or eighteen per
cent, of coffee in sailing vessels is damaged,
while the percentage is very small in steamers.
I desire to see American commerce built up
in South America on the Atlantic side which
shall supply them directly with our productions,
instead of having them supplied, as now, in
foreign bottoms, with our flour and agricul-
tural implements by the way of Liverpool or
Ti ieste.
[Here Ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
was gratified at the accession we had to those
who lavor this method of aiding American
commerce in the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.] Although he does not acknowl-
edge the piinciple of sustaining our commerce
by subsidies, yet the logic and effect of his
position most manifestly are that his position
is where the gentleman from Indiana has
placed him. I regret that I cannot in five
minutes state all 1 should like so much to
state in regard to this and some other mat-
ters before the House.
Now, it is true, as stated by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] this vote is a vote
for a direct subsidy to the commerce of the
United States. And it is always wise in Con-
gress to call things by their right names, and
to look at the measures they have to take up
and dispose of right m the face.
Now, this is almost wholly and purely a
subsidy. The mail service between this coun-
try and Brazil, as performed by this line,
yields, according to the last report of the
Postmaster General of the United States, in
postages $13,207 59. That is the answer I
desired to get from my friend from New
York, [Mr. Wood.] Now, everything else
than that amount, of course, the gentleman
will grant is subsidy, for the total postages
only amount to that and no more. And, by
the way, that was a decrease as compared
with the receipts in the last preceding year,
which were §30,079. Therefore, we are voting
ou the question whether it is wise or unwise
to aid American commerce by paying money
to keep our ships afloat. 'That is the question,
and nothing else.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman permit
me to say that Brazil pays one quarter of the
amount—$100,000 out of $100,000?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am not alarmed
at the word "subsidy.'' Like my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] I am willing to take the
word with all its significance. 1 repeat what
I began to say, but could not finish the other
day, that we must come to a decision as to
what we shall do. As a nation, we have the
largest carrying trade there is on the globe
to-day, and have the best facilities, by our
geographical position, by our adaptation, and
everything else, except in those particulars in
which we cannot compete, and in which the
inequality must be removed by the payment of
moneys, namely, the cost of our capital to be
put into such enterprises, the cost of our labor
in running the ships, and the cost of supplies
furnished to them. In every other respect
than this we have permanent physical advan-
tages over every other nation inviting us to do
our own carrying trade; and in the presence
of such facts as these we have got to decide
whether we will do it or whether we will
not. I repeat that there is no contrivance, no
ingenuity that will enable us to carry the com-
merce of our own country in our own ships,
unless we put our ship-owners and our ship-run-
ners on an equality with those of other nations;
for on the seas where they compete with the
shipping of other nations they must be on an
equal footing.
Now, how will you accomplish that? Some-
thing may be done by admitting free ships, but
that will not do it all. Something may be done
by letting in ship supplies free; but that will
not do it all. The residue, whatever that resi-
due is, must be done by subsidy.
What, then, does England do? I have in my
room, and regret that I do not have it here,
a statement handed to me the day before yes-
terday by Mi-. Nimmo of what England pays
in subsidies. With all her advantages over
us, advantages in cheaper labor and better
facilities for building ships cheaply, she last
year paid to foster and perpetuate her own
lines extending all over the world nearly six
million dollars in gold. Now, how are we to
sail our ships—after we have got them—unless
we do something of this kind? That is the
reason why I said the other day that the
American miud must be educated up to the
problem.
And that brings me to another point. It is
that we must call this thing first by its right
name, a subsidy.
Mr. CONGER. Bow many millions of sub-
sidy did you say were given by England?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The amount is
between five and six millions. I cannot give
the exact figure.
I was saying that we must call this a subsidy.
And then we must decide the great question
of fact, and that is a question ou which I uow
wish to make a remark or two on the question
whether the granting of this subsidy to this
line is fair and just to those other lines that
demand our support. I say it is not.
Now, what does England do in this regard ?
She keeps that eye of hers in her Board of
Trade eternally awake and watching where her
lines need fostering, and there instantly she
places her money; wherever one languishes
and needs support there the subsidy goes; and
until you come to that, you will not have imi-
tated your rival, for you have but one on the
seas, and that is England, in that particular
alone in which you can master her. Create
a Beard of Trade that will know where you
can afford to develope and pay subsidies, and
there put your money, and place American
citizens on an equality in this regard with
British subjects, and then you will begin to
have a commerce, and until you do that you
will not.
Now, this line already have a subsidy suf-
ficient to continue them for five years, and to
enable them to carry the commerce that they
hav^. Let us give it to others.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTfl. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio if he is in favor of this
amendment of the Senate?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am not.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, I am
naturally opposed to subsidies, but I am op-
posed to them precisely as [ am opposed to a
protective tariff. I do not believe in the general
principle of fostering any industry at the ex-
pense of any other. But, looking to what has
been done in the immediate past and to the
condition of things as they are now—although
they will probably be somewhat improved
by the action of this Congress—it seems to me
to be necessary that we should suffer the evils
of .subsidies, as we have to endure the evils of
protection. Oar ships are loaded down with
protection and can carry nothing else. They
are overfreighted with its dead weight. You
have put the tariff on until you have filled
them and sunk them beneath the sea. When
the war began the city of New York had large
ship-building interest and a magnificent com-
merce in American ships. We built ships
there by the hundreds every year. Our ves-
sels visited every port on the globe our flag
floated over, and our sails whitened every
ocean. The Republican party have had the con-
trol of this country since, and by their protective
tariffs, by their unjust and discriminating legis-
lation, they have wiped out every vestige, 1 might
almost say, of that glorious commerce. They
have left us absolutely nothing but a few feeble
steamship lines, which depend upon public
bounty for their existence, and unless you will
favor us uow and help us a little to keep what we
have remaining, there will not be a nucleus even
on which to found ,a future marine for our
country.
Why look at it! The gentleman from Maine
has put a tariff <jn lumber, on the material of
which the hulls and spars are made, and thus
increased the cost of construction by a bounty
to his people from our ship-builders. In other
words, you may see him walking off with one
ship of ours out of ten, under his arm, carry-
ing it up to his benighted region and recon-
verting itinto the timber of which it was built.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has seized
our sails and taken them from us until we have
had to pay him another ship out of the ten to
get them back, and he carries that to Mas-
sachusetts and turns it into a cotton or woolen
manufactory. Gentlemen—and I am sorry
hat when I make this remark I must point to
both sides of the House—gentlemen from
Pennsylvania by their projective duty on iron,
a duty which yields them millions at our ex-
pense, have taxed us on every nail we drive,
on every ring, bolt, rod, or chain we use, on
our boilers and machinery, and have taken at
least two ships, adouble share, out of our ten,
and carried them off and turned them into a
smelting furnace or iron manufactory in Penn-
sylvania. And thus they have gone on upon
one hand or the other uutil they have left us
nothing but a few steamship lines, of which
this is one. These remain, indeed, but remain
how? Unable to compete with the lines of
other nations, unable to keep afloat, they will
be inevitably swamped by the quantity of pig
iron you have put in their holds unless you
stretch forth the national hand to help them.
Gentlemen have talked of this subsidy as
being a mere gratuity, and unnecessary to
keep the line afloat. 1 am confident that they
are mistaken, and not well advised on the
subject. This line has made but two percent,
a year during the last five years. The gentle-
man who owns it has it thrown up against, him
that he is a millionaire. Well, if that be a
