250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
tracts for the transportation of th© mails on the
routes where the service had failed in the hands of
those whoua hedesignates as "straw bidder?;" and
whereas, also, the rostinaster General, in his said
annual report, further states as follows: "It will
appear that the cost of temporary service is largely
in excess of the cost of like service under the regular
contracts:" Therefore,
Bp it resolved, That the Postmaster General be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House, at
his earliest convenience a full and complete copy
of ?,\\d opinion of the Attorney General.
liesolrcd further, That the Postmaster General be,
and lie is hereby, also directed to furnish this House
with a statement of what has been the rule and
usage heretofore of the General Post Office Depart-
ment wiih regard to these "straw" or fraudulent
bidding* for the mail service of the country, and
especially what has heretofore been the construc-
tion put upon the twenty-fourth section of the act
of Congress of July 2, 1836, in awarding contracts
to bidders for the mail service, as between " straw "
bidders and the next lowest responsible bidders fur
the same; and if there have been any exceptions
to the general ruTe of construction in relation to
any general Jetting of the mails that he state the
e,imo specifically.
liesolrci aim, That the Postmaster General be,
and he is hereby, further directed to report to this
Hou^e the names of the several bidders, and the
several amounts of their said bids, at the letting of
mail routes on the 30th day of September, 1870,
awarded to "straw" bidders asfollows, to wit:threc
in West Virginia; eleven in Virginia; two in
Georgia; two in Florida; seventy-seven in Ala-
bamo; two in Mississippi; eleven in Louisiana;
forty-two in Texas; and forty-fire in Arkansas, and
that he state when, and to wkom, said routes were
awarded.
Resolved aUo, That the Postmaster General, in
explanation of snid excess of cost of the "tempo-
rary" over the "regular" service, as exhibited in
the addendato his said annual report, be, and he is
hereby, further directed to report to this House-
First, the distance from Bridgeport to Decatur, on
route No, 66-31, the mode of transportation, and the
number of trips per week of the temporary service
from July 1,1871, to January 1,1S72, at the rate of
613,000 per annum, as well as th© mode and extent
of service under the reletting of said route at the
rate of $100 per annum.
Second, the distance from "White River to Yicks-
burg, on mute No. 7505, the mode of transportation,
and the number of trips per week of saidtemi^rarf
service lor the time aforesaid, at the rate of 818.400
per annum, as well as the mode and extent of ser-
vice under the reletting of said route at the rate of
$'3,000 per annum.
Third, the distance from Little Rock to Fort Smith,
on route No. 7-524. the mode of transportation, and
the number of trips per week of said temporary ser-
vice for the time aforesaid, at the rate of $13,750 per
annum, a*. well as the mode and extent of service
under the relettingoi said route at the rate of $3,700
per annum.
Fourth, the distance from Fort Gibson to Sherman,
on route No. 7587. the mode of transportation, and
the number of trips per week of said temporary ser-
vice for the time aforesaid, atthe rate of $3-1,296 per
annum, as well as the mode and extent of service
under the reletting of saidroute at the rate of $2,773
per annum.
Fifth, the distance from Fort Couche to El Paso,
on route No. $539. the mode of transportation, and
the number of trips per -week of said temporary ser-
vice. for the time aforesaid, at the rate of $81,706 per
annum, as well as the mode and extent of service
under the reletting of said route at the rate of
$*.973 per annum.
Sixth, the distance from Fort Couche to Fort Ar-
buekle, on route No. 8540, the mode of transporta-
tion, and the number of trips per week of the tem-
porary service, at the rate of §44,223 per annum as
well as the mode and extent of service under the
reletting of said route at the rate of $4,300 per
annum.
Seventh, the distance from Sherman to Waco, on
route No. 8605, the mode of transportation, and the
number of trips per week of s-aid temporary service,
for the tune «tbres?id, at the rate of $18,000 per an-
num, as well as the mode and extent of scvicc
under the reletting ot said route at the rate of
fcl.9^0 per annum.
Eighth, the distance from San Antonio to-Fort
Couehe, on route No. 8538, the mode of transport-
ation, and the number of trips per week of the tem-
porary service, for the time aforesaid, at the rate of
£63,130 per annum, as well as the mode and extent
of service under the reletting of said route at the
rate of $3,700 per annum.
.Ninth, the distance from San Antonioto Waco, on
route No. 8o3b, the mode of transportation, and the
number ot tnps per week of the temporary service,
ior the time aforesaid, at the rate of $27,000 per
annum, as well as the mode and extent of service
reletting of said route at the rate of
§2,700 per annum.
Tenth, the distance from Columbus to San Anto-
route jNo. So49, th.© mode of transportation. •
and the number of trips per week, for the time afore-
Sot,!™ s&vl temP°r: i'y service, at the rate of i
8|L,000 ;>er annum, as well as the mode and extent '■
ot service under the reletting of said route at the I
rateof $4,373 per annum.
Eleventh, the distance from Groesbeck to Waxa- '
batchie, on route No. 8575, the mode of tran=porta- 1
tion, and the number of trips per week, for the time
vlfj™0' the said temporary service, at the rate ■
oi S34.UOO per annum, as well as the mode and extent !!
M of service under the reletting of said route at the
:i rate of $1,000 per annum.
!; Twelfth, the distance from Vicksburg to New Or-
; leans, on routeNo. 8000, the mode of transportation,
j: and the number of trips per week, forthe time afore-
' said, of the said temporary service, at the rate of
$37,500 per annum, as well as the modo and extent
h of service under the reletting of said routo at the
ji rate of §4,700 per annum.
J Mr. POLAND. That resolution is so long
ji that I think it had better lie over for the pres-
!| ent. I object to its consideration.
;j ELECTION CONTEST BOLES VS. EDWARDS.
'i Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. I am
ji instructed by the Committee of Elections to
' submit a report, in writing, in the contested-
' election case from the State of Arkansas of
j Boles vs. Edwards. I move that it be laid on
1 the table and ordered to be printed, and I give
| notice that I will call it up for action imme-
; diately after the recess.
I| The report was laid on the table, and ordered
:j to be printed.
I! ELECTION OF POSTMASTERS.
| Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
;j mitted the following resolution; which was
(i read, considered, and agreed to:
ji Resolved, That the select Committee on tho Reor-
<; jranization of the Civil Service be, and the same is
il hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
I; of providing by law for the election of postmasters
' by t£ie people, and to report by bill or otherwise.
INDIANS 01' MILK RIVER AGENCY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
j of the Interior, in relation to an appropriation
for the purpose of purchasing supplies for the
Indians of the Milk river agency : which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
PROPERTY OF THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Post-
master General, transmitting to the House an
inventory of the property of the Post Office
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Road3. and
ordered to be printed.
NAVAJO INDIAN'S.
The SPEAKER also, bv unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Seere-
j tary of the Interior, transmitting an estimate
j for an appropriation of $18o,000for subsisting
; the Navajo Indians in New Mexico up to the
I 30th of June, 1873 ; which was referred to the
I Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
| be printed.
NATIONAL BANKS IN NEW YORK CITY.
1 The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
j tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
1 of the House of the 12th instant in relation
: to banks in the city of New York, organized
, under the banking system of the United States,
| concerned or interested in bringing about any
' artificial scarcity of money; which was re-
t ferred to the Committee on Bankiug and Cur-
|j rency, and ordered to be printed.
ASSISTANTS OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS
, The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent.
| laid before the House a letter from tho Attor-
j ney General, in compliance with the act of
April 10, 1809, in relation to the names of all
the attorneys employed as assistants to the
respective district attorneys since the com-
mencement of the session in December, 1870;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
EUGENIA P. EEHTINETTI.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, kid before the House a letter from the
commission of claims, transmitting an addi-
tional report upon the claim of Madame
Eugenia P. Berlinetti; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
CAPITOL, PRESIDENT S HOUSE, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from ilie
architect of the United States Capitol, in com-
pliance with the act of July 15. lbTO, ttuns-
mitting an inventory of the property belonging
to the United States in and about the Capitol,
the President's House, and the Botanical Gul-
den ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, anil ordered
to be printed.
ELECTION IN TALLADEO A, ALABAMA.
Mr. McCRAIlY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections:
Henohed, That the Committee of Elections be, and
they are hereby, authorized by the House to require
and obtain from the oflb'ers of the State of AWb im.t,
having the cu-tody thereof, duly certified and au-
thenticated records of the lists of repi.-tration and
poll lists of the countyof Talladega, Alabama. at and
for the election for Representative in Congress at
the election on November 8, 1S70. and the original
ballots east and voted at box No. 2 in Tall ale sa
town, iu .-aid county and State, at the same election
for such Representative.
I'ETKIl J. KNAfP.
Mr. McCRAliY. 1 ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. Is there any exigency for
the introduction of the bill at. this time'.'
Mr. McCRARY. I desire to have it consid-
ered during the recess.
The bid (H. R. No. 778j for the relief of
Peter J. Knapp was received, read a fii-—t and-
second time, and referred to thj Committee
on Military Affairs.
USE OF LAW Liniunv.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I ask unanimous onfnt
to introduce a concurrent resolution granting
the use of the law library of Congress in c<-r
tain cases, for reference to the Committee on
the Library, so that, if possible, they may act
upon it before the recess.
So objection being made, the concurrent
resolution was received, and referred to the
Committee on the Library.
CIILPPEW4S OF LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. McCORMICK. of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and adopted;
Itetolvcd. That the Secretary of tho Interior be
requested to communicate to this House the fallow-
ing information in relation to the issuance of scrip
to the half-broeds or mixed bloods belonging to the
Chippewa? of Lake Superior, under the seventh
clause of the second article of the treaty of Septem-
ber 30, 1854. with the Chippewa Indian., of Lake
Superior and the Micsis-ippi:
First, the number ot pieces of scrip of eish'y aere3
each, and the names of the parties to whom issued :
Second, the number of n.:mes of applicant- to
whom no scrip has been issued, whose applications
are now on file;
Third, the population of tho Cbippewas of Lake
Superior, and where located at the date ofsaiJ treaty;
Fourth, a copy of said scrip, the manner of exe-
cuting tile same, whether by tho parlie-; tu whom
it was issued or by others: whether bicaiel upon
lands ceded by said tribe, and the rieei.-ion- ot tue
Departmentoftlielnterior in relation to the i^uanco
and lo'cation of said serin, a copy of all renotts to
the Indian oiliceror the Department of the Interior
of persons authored to investigate any matter
relating to the application for scrip bv said halt-
breeds or mixed bloods, whcio said h:<il-bre< ds or
mixed bloods resided at the date of their Mid appli-
cations, and whether patties other tlian tii".-e enti-
tled to tho benefits of said treatv have received -crip;
and
Fifth, the number of acres of land for which said
scrip has been i.-saed.
KXECL'TION OF STUDENTS IN CCBt.
Mr. A\. It. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution :
Ilesoheii, That the House of Representatives of
the Lnued States of America view with extreme
regret tho wanton murder bv t-'pam-h authorities in
Cuba of the eight students on tho 2Sth of Novem-
ber, 1S71.
Mr. BANKS. That resolution should go to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. \V. R ROBERTS. _ I ask to have the
resolution considered at this time.
'! ho SPEAKER. Th at requires unanimous
consent.
