1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 20,
the House would cultivate economy, here is
an opportunity.
The other day when we had under consider-
ation the bill reported by my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] the naval appropriation
bill, I tried to induce the House to strike out
the ridiculous and useless appropriation for
marines. It would have saved a million dol-
lars and more. The gentleman from Maine
himself though tit ought to have been done; but
there was not enough moral courage in the
House to cut down that noble corps which
fought on sea, at the battle of Bunker Hill, and
arrested John Brown at Harper's Ferry.
[Laughter.]
Now, I can show the House how $45,000,
or $50,000, can be saved without at all embar-
rassing the diplomatic service. I do not know
but the nonsense, extravagance, and inutility
of our diplomatic service is bringing us to
the point to which the English Government
has been and is approaching. I mean the
abolition of the whole diplomatic service.
The last three or four volumes of Hansard's
Debates will show to any studious gentleman
that in this age of steam and telegraphs, the
English Government, which rules the world
of commerce, is undertaking to get rid, or
considering how it may be rid, of diplomatic
business. It would have mere commercial
agencies or consuls, or special missions for
the accomplishment, of special purposes.
But, sir, I rose to call the attention of the
House to a reform which ought to be made in
this bill. I will not likely be here when this
bill will be read by sections for amendment;
but there may be somebody moved by a spirit
of economy who will move to strike out of
Ibis bill certain ministers resident, and their
salaries. I think one of my colleagues from
New York [Mr. Brooks] once made a mo-
tion to strike out appropriations for ministers
resident at Costa Rica, Honduras, Guatemala,
and San Salvador, making one minister res-
ident at Nicaragua, at $7,500, to do the whole
work for those Central American States. I do
not know why that should not be done now,
when we remember the whole work was done
heretofore by one minister, when now we have,
what was not had heretofore, all the advan-
tages of steam communication up and down
the coast. If we strike out appropriations for
ministers resident in Costa Rica, Honduras,
Guatemala, and San Salvador, $7,500 each,
and have a single minister in all Central
America,^ resident in Nicaragua, in charge
of the neighboring republics, we will save to
the Government $30,000 every year.
Mr. Chairman, twenty years ago, when we
had a bitter controversy with Great Britain
for the control of the isthmus, when Great'
Britain had seized the port of San Juan, or,
as^ it was then called, Greytown; had main-
tained a Musquito protectorate, seized the
Bay of Fonseca and the Bay Islands ; when
the commerce of the Pacific almost entirely
depended on the assertion of American inter-
ests on the Isthmus, we had but one diplomatic
representative there, Hon. IS. G. Squier, cele-
brated as well in science as diplomacy, a
cbarg<j d'affaires, with a salary of only $4,500
a year. He fought out the fight for the United
States successfully. The Musquito protectorate
was abandoned, and San Juan and the Bay of
Fonseca restored to their rightful owners. Our
interests in those countries are now compara-
tively slight, and yet we are paying $37,500 a
year to a lot of men who have no mission
except to furnish patronage to the Govern-
ment through the Secretary of State.
Mr. MAYNARD. When were those other
missions established?
Mr. COX. I think after that time.
Mr. MAYNARD. How long before the
war?
Mr. COX. Before the war; but I cannot
refer the gentleman to the law at once. Cer-
tainly it is time they should be stricken out.
Now, with steamship communication up and
down the coast, and with railroad transit across
the Isthmus, it seems to me that all our inter-
ests in all those Central American States can
easily be taken care of by one minister resi-
dent. I know, Mr. Chairman, that the minis-
ter resident in Guatemala, Hon. S. A. Hudson,
is, like the illustrious diplomatist in Denmark,
a brother-in-law of the President. He has
perhaps deserved well of his country, but
most people will hear his name now for the
first time. I do not mean to speak disrespect-
fully of the brother-in-law of the President, or
to get into this family business at all on this
subject, but it does seem to m6, if we are to
have a relative of the President down there,
then let him do the whole work, for there is
scarcely anything to do even if he should do
the whole work, and he is well paid for his
work.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me suggest to the
gentleman from New York the establishment
of these missions was due to our peculiar
relations with those people, looking to the
object we have been seeking to accomplish for
so many years of a route across the Isthmus in
some part of it. For that reason it has been
peculiarly our aim to keep with these several
small Central American States on terms of
friendly comity.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Tennessee
well knows that since the construction of the
Pacific railroad there has been scarcely any
business done on the Panama railroad. Its
stock has fallen and fallen, and is falling.
Why? The Pacific Mail Steamship Company
have made a contract with the Pacific railroad
not to allow the Panama railroad to carry the
goods which come from Japan and China,
even though the Pacific railroad is "snowed
up" all winter. We have, sir, no interest on
the Isthmus which cannot be cared for by one
minister resident at $7,500, and the transit
business has little or nothing to do with Central
America; for Panama is in South America,
or New Granada.
Mr. MAYNARD. We must pay some defer-
ence in respect to those who have gone before
us, and who have had some agency in fixing
the present condition of things. The gentle-
man from New York and I served together
on the committee before the war, I will not
say with how much distinction, and I do not
remember to have heard his voice, musical
and melodious as it always is, raised against
these ministers resident in those days.
Mr. COX. Why, Mr. Chairman,' my honor-
able colleague [Mr. Brooks] anticipated such
remarks as I have made upon this subject time
and again. If I mistake not, he must have
made one or two motions of similar tenor to
what I am now saying; though he may not
have given my reasons.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is speak-
ing of the time before the war.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Six years ago.
Mr. COX. Six years ago this motion was
made. Now, I hope my friend from Tennessee
will examine into this matter. He should aid
this side of the House in seeking to strike at
these superfluous missions.
From the_reports of trade and navigation
for the last fiscal year it appears that our total
imports from all the Central American- States
were of the value of $1,528,399. All our ex-
ports in the same period to those States were
of the value of $589,505. Our total com-
merce with them was $2,117,000. So that we
paid our ministers to these countries $37,500,
and to our consuls about ten thousand dollars,
a total of_nearly fifty thousand dollars for doing
what ? For taking care of a commerce so little
that it is scarcely of any consequence, com-
pared to the oost of its diplomatic fostering.
Further to illustrate this point, I call atten-
tion of gentlemen, if any of them are in earn-
est about economy, to the ease of the two South
American States of Bolivia and Ecuador.
There we are paying two ministers $7,500
each. We have no commerce at all worth
reporting, as will appear from our trade and
navigation reports; notadollar. Wepaymiii-
■ isters these large amounts for doing what could
be well enough done by commercial agencies,
if we had any commere. We have no diplo-
macy with those states. If we ever have
claims commissions with such States as Vene-
zuela or New Grenada what is theresult? If
we get an award, the payment is postponed
for many years, and is never paid until we
bring in the via facti argument. We must
send our ships of war with an execution to
collect it. We get very little money in the
long run to repair the wrongs of these States
to our people; to collect, costs more than
we receive. To maintain diplomatic relations
with these Spanish-American countries costs
us a good deal more than they ax-e worth in a
commercial or a moral and political point of
view.
As to what has fallen from the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Swans] in regard to
Great Britain, I desire a word. 1 said the
other day in the House that I thought there
was a curious complication commencing in
relation to the Geneva conference. I believe
the wise men, the very few wise men in the
Senate, who voted against the Washington
treaty took the right course in doing so. Time
will vindicate them if their views ever see the
light.
I have no doubt if the debates wore pub-
lished that it would be found that the states-
men of prescience, who in secret session voted
against the treaty with Great Britain, were the
men who saw most clearly what would be its
effects. They saw that this treaty about which
there has been so much magniloquent and
ignorant boasting, and on which the Adminis-
tration plumed itself so festively, would prove
in the end a cause of war—ay, sir, teterrima
causabelli—instead of an olive branch of peace.
I do not undertake to say that our Govern-
ment has done wrong in preferring a claim for
indirect or consequential damages. Let the
lawyers quibble on that. I speak of our diplo-
matic embarrassment and failure; our coward-
ice as a nation, and the contempt we are held
in abroad.
In another position I have given some study
to the subject of consequential or indirect
damages. My study grew out of the diversion
of trade and travel from the Isthmus of Pan-
ama and its railroad., in a case growing up
under the treaty with New Grenada where
the claim was for consequential damages by
reason of bad government, riots, and mob vio-
lence on the Isthmus, whereby trade and
travel across the Isthmus was diverted at a
time when there was a great rush of trade and
travel from the States to California. Great
Britain denied the right in that case to con-
sequential damages. She is still consistent.
The ground taken by the British umpire on
that commission, Sir Frederick Bruce, sir,
was that our claims for such damages were
not to be allowed. But why should they not?
Do they not come before the forum of ecfuit.y,
of conscience? Do they depend upon the
code of England or France, or the Roman
code, or the Scotch code, or any code ? No,
they are in foro conscientice. They hang on
natural justice. In such a forum all damages,
however measured, are recoverable. Our
commissioners may defy Great Britain and
all the world in such a forum on such a case.
I do not care how you qualify the word
damages. I see my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] shake his head at me. He has
the common-law idea ot' damages, and not the
idea of natural justice and equity. When
you admit the damage at all, you admit in a
forum of that kind that there should be an
award in favor of consequential damages. In
the tribunal in which these things are to be
tried any damage is a damage, whether it be
consequential or not. A tribunal of this kind
stands second only to God's final judgment,
an arbiter between nations. It is higher than
