1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1W
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Virginia Politics—Mr. Piatt.
Ho. of Reps.
o'clock. My attention was called to a carpenter's
bench in the center of the doorway. A line of about
twelve or fifteen white men was on the right side of
the bench; on the leftside was aline of about one
hundred and fifty feet, two orthree deep, of colored
voters. The voting of the colored men was very
blow, and, I think, by my watch, in a great many
instances the time occupied to vote a single voter
was seven minutes. Heard Mr. Qagan ask a great
many questions that seemed to be frivolous and un-
called for. Mr. liagan called out a few minutes
before closing the polls that it there were any white
voters to send them in. There were two hundred
to two hundred and fifty colored voters waiting to
vote when the polls closed.
" L. H. Chandler testified:
' * 1 was at the third precinct about two o clock; a
large number of colored persons were in line; there
■was no voting when I got there; they voted in two
lines; a railing or division was made from the cen-
ter of the voting door; the whites all voted on the
right hand side and the colored on the left. There
was a constable and a police officer stationed at the
door. The manner of voting was this: one white
man was allowed, to vote, and then one colored
man, only one being allowed to vote at the same
time, and only one man was questioned at the same
time. I went out and counted the colored persons
in line that had not voted, and there were two hun-
dred and fifty-three or two hundred and fiity-nve.
I then counted the white men in line, and there
were four or five; there were in all about twenty-
five white men in the vicinity. When the polls
closed there were twelve or fifteen whito men there,
and myself and three or four others counted the
eolored men who had not voted, and there were two
hundred and fifty-one or two hundred and fifty-
three; I am confident there were more then than
, your   - .
follow?' 4 How old are you now V , How old. were
you when you registered?' In one instance it took
a colored man seven minutes to vote, in another in-
stance three minutes. There was a manifest dispo-
sition on the part of the commissioners to make a
distinction in this lespect between white and col-
ored voters.
" Gabriel Ford testified:
"I voted at that precinct; there were two lines,
white and black. I voted at half dopi four o'clock;
only one or two voted after me. I did not sec any
whites voting at that time; when I voted there
were about two hundred colored voters m the line.
"Wilson Price testified:
"I went to tiie precinct at six o clock a.m. and
waited till nine o'clock a. m.; returned at twelve
noon, and remained till closing of polls; was unable
to get a chance to vote. If no white voters were in
attendance, no colored voter was permitted to vote.
"David Frascr testified:
"I was nt this voting place from five o'clock a. m.
till the polls closed, and could not get a chance to
deposit my vote. I know that not less than forty
colored men stood in line lrom sunrise to sunset and
could not vote because the managers would not
allow them to approach the polls. I counted at the
close of the polls two hundred and fifty-three colored
voters in line who could not vote, besides a large
number outside of the line.
" G.L.Bosher testified:
"Iw.is at the polls, third precinct, from the open-
ing to the close; there was a large number of col-
ored voters present with their tickets waiting to
vote during the whole day, who failed to vote; I
should judge there were between two and three
hundred men in line after the polls closed who had
no chance to deposit their votes; some ot these men
X know personally, and know that they were wait-
ing from morning till night.
" Robert Oliver testified :
"1 stood in the line ot colored voters near the door
from sunrise till sunset, and could not get a chance
to cast my vote. There were two lines ot voters,
one colored the other white. John Hagan, who
seemed to have entire control ot the polls, would
not permit any colored voter to vote unless there
was a white voter there, thereby depriving me and a
large number of colored voters of the rigiit to vote
when there was ample time to vote theui all. Three
hundred colored voters were in line when the polls
closed who were deprived of voting.
•'A. J. Terry testified: .
" i was in attendance at that voting place all day.
At least two hundred and fifty colored men were m
line all day endeavoring to vote, and had to leave
when the polls closed without voting. The process
of taking theballote from colored voters was so slow
that it took a colored man ten hours to advance
from the gutter to the door where the ballots were
received.
" Speucer Graig testified
"I was alfgal voter of the third precinct; I was
in the line with others from eight o'clock a.m. until
the closing of the polls at night, and could not gret a
chance to vote; there were at least two hundred
and fifty colored voters who failed asl diet.
Mr. piatt. Now, Mr. Speaker, i respect-
fully submit that i have proved conclusively
that i was warranted in saying that hundreds
of men had been deprived of the right to vote
by the Democratic party in the city of Rich-
mond, and I come now to the election of 1871,
when these same men, with few exceptions,
whom we have seen obtaining office through the
broken ballot-box are again declared elected.
Fearing that they were not fully secured in
their lease of power, authority was obtained
from the Legislature of Virginia to tedistriet
the city, which then consisted of five wards
evenly and fairly divided. As more effective
than words, I have had a diagram prepared
showing how this was done. The sketch now
being held up by the Clerk shows the city of
Richmond as divided into wards before the
gerrymander, and the sketch he ijow holds up
shows the same city as divided into wards by
the gerrymander. Bear in mind that each
ward is given the same number of representa-
tives in the city council. The city, by the
new arrangement, is divided into six wards
instead of five as before. Nearly or quite one
third of the entire city is comprised in Jack-
son ward, which contains a large majority of
the colored voters of the city, who are thus
robbed of the right of representation guaran-
tied them by the Constitution of the United
States and that of the State. This is a fail-
sample of the gerrymandering process to
which the cities of Virginia have been sub-
jected by a Democratic Legislature, of the
gerrymander of the State in legislative dis-
tricts, and now of the State into congressional
districts, the latter being considered infamous
by some of my Democratic colleagues, even,
and some of them at least are prepared to join
me in denouncing it.
I neglected to state thatth® Republican can
didates who it is claimed were defeated at the
November election, in 1870 are yet struggling
in the courts in a vain endeavor to have justice
done them. I wanted to take up the Chahoon
case and ventilate that chapter of Democratic
infamy. If my colleague thinks I shrink from
discussing that question he is mistaken ; I shall
be only too happy to have the opportunity. I
do not believe mere is one honest man in Rich-
mond who believes that George W. Chahoon
was guilty of the charges upon which he was
three times tried by infamously packed juries
Every decent Democrat I have ever conversed
with who knows anything about the case is
open and unreserved in his denunciation of the
villainous conspiracy against him, and as I be-
lieve in a just and righteous God, I believe his
persecutors will yet be made to answer for
their wickedness in this case.
Mr. Speaker, I believe I have established
all I have charged against the Democratic
party of Richmond. Permit me to ask your
attention for a few minutes while I answer
my colleague's correspondent Irons Norfolk;
and the time allotted me is drawing so rapidly
to an end that I must confine myself to the
reading of statements furnished me by citizens
of Norfolk of character and standing. I send
to the Clerk's desk to have read the follow-
ing statement from John P. Dezendorf, esq.,
and a communication received from Repub-
licans of Norfolk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Noufols, Virginia, March 30,1872.
Dear Sib: Your speechin Congressrelative to the
proscription exercised against the members of the
.Republican party in the cities and counties ot this
State, was eminently just and true, and the thanSs
of the Republicans of this city are tendered to you
tor the fearless manner in which you have always
exposed the wrong-doings of the Democraty party
of this State to the consideration of the Congress ot
the United States.
At all the elections held in this city subsequent, to
the admission ot the State into the Union, a separate
voting pi eoinct has been established for white and
black voters, with a separate ballot-box tor each.
There is no authority for this discrimination in the
State law, and it is a clear violation ot the aet
ol Congress commonly known as the enforcement
act." This, coupled with the fact that the judges
and commissioners of election are composed (with
two exceptions, and thoy at whito precincts) wholly
of Democrats or Conservatives, whioh is another
name for the same thing, notwithstanding that
prominent Republicans, property-owners, and men
in every way above reproach have been recom-
mended to the judge of the corporation court of the
city, with the request that at least one ltop'ublicim
may be appointed as judgeor commissioner at each
precinct, which request has been refused, presents
unbounded opportunity for intimidation and fraud.
The colored polls are beset with men who browbeat
and intimidate the colored voters in the most out-
rageous manner, and are not prevented or hindered
from so doing by the judges of election.
The colored voters have propounded to them the
most irrelevant and preposterous questions, put for
the purpose of consuming the time and contusing
the voter; and in many instances ten, fifteen, and
twenty minutes ha?e thus been consumed, and the
voter then refused because, being confused, he has
made a mistake of a year in his age, or on some other
trifling and frivolous pretense.
Two years ago the city of Norfolk was redis-
tricted, by order of the council, in order, as it was
claimed, that tho wards might have an equal pop-
ulation, but in reality for partisan purposes, as the
sequel developed. For, as soon as the redisricting
was accomplished, a new apportionment of eouncil-
men was ordered, and although the population in
each ward was now the same, the wards known to
to be Democratic were given each eight councilinen;
one ward then considered doubtful was given seven,
while the fourth ward, known to be largely Repub-
lican, and which is popularly termed "Africa" by*
theDemocrats, wasgiven but five members; a plain
violation of the State constitution, which provides
"that representation shall be based upon popula-
tion;" and tho population of the wards being equal,
they were entitled to equal representation in the
city council.
After this redisricting of the city a new regis*
tration was ordered, although there was no author-
ity ot law for the same in the statutes of the State,
which provide that the registration lists shall be
opened fifteen days previous to the election for re-
vision, at which time those may be added who have
become voters since the previous election, and trans-
fers may be given from one voting precinct to an-
other. But an entire new registration was ordered,
and in consequence many Republicans, colored men,
who were working in the swamps outside the eitv,
failed to register, and their names do not appoar
upon tho new lists, and although they were duly
registered at the first and only legal registration
ever held—those held fifteen days previous to elec-
tions being supplementary thereto—when they now
apply to vote they are refused, and at the last elec-
tion several were sent to jail for attempting to vote
without being duly registered. The State law pro-
vides an oath upou which a man whose vote is chal-
lenged may vote, whieh, although many Demo, rats
were voted upon it, was denied in many instances
to colored Republicans. .
In consequence of the delays and intimidations to
which the colored voters are subjected in every elec-
tion, there have been numbers who, have not come
to the polls at all, and many who after having stood
at the polls all day with the ballots ill thoir h-and,
have been unable to vote. At the election two
years ago this spring over two hundred colored men
were at the polls with the ballots in their hands
when the polls closed without having Voted. Nor
is this proscription confined to colored men. W hite
men who dare to bo Republicans are shamefully
insulted and abused at the polls, and maliciously
slandered and vilified through the columns of the
Democratic press.
The most uublushmg frauds have been perpetra-
ted. At the election held in November last, at the
whiteprecinct of the second ward in this city, ninety-
seven more ballots were found m the ballot-box
than wore names on the poll-book, and the utmost
partisanship was displayed in the withdrawal ot
these fraudulant votes, in order to make the ballots
and the books correspond. Out of the ninety-seven
b.illots withdrawn, thirty-one were Republican,
while tho entire Republican vote of that precmct
is but about ninety and the Democratic is some
five hundred. At the colored (irecmct m the same
ward voting was carried on for some two hours
without ha,vmg me ballot-box locked or m anyway
Xor does theproscription endhere. Every obstacle
is thrown in the way of Republicans elected to ofiice,
qualilying and taking possession oi. the same.. At
the May election in this city in 18/1 the Republicans
elected about one half of the city officers,. including
the city collector, street inspector, and others. Ilie
gentlemen elected to these positions were native
Virginians, but they were Republicans, and conse-
quently had to resort to the courts to got possession
of their offices. The bonds were increased, end every
obstacle thrown in the way to prevent their qualify-
ing, Tnd the collector did not obtain possession of
hi?office until the taxes for that year had nearly all
been collected. "When tho milk had been extracted
from the cocoanut/' the shell was thrown; to him.
Tho same thing took place m Norfolk counts*, where
the county treasurer was required to give bona m
$100 000 an unprecedently large amount, and alter
having done so aad added thereto $10,000 on his own
motion he is still kept out of his office, and wilt kavo
to resort to the courts for sedress. #
The Democratic press of the cities of this btaxe,
and particularly in Norfolk, are responsible lor
tho state of things that exist here, iho social
kukiuxism," which, if not as fatal to lite as tn&t
