1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
the constitutional power of the Senate to
amend a revenue bill is going to be denied
by the House, I do not want to pass any of
their bills until that question is settled.
If it be true that we cannot amend their bills
when they are sent here, that we h$ve nothing
but the veto power, to say yes or no, a veto on
their legislation, then we have no part in the
legislation of the country. I do not believe
the House are going to place themselves in
any such absurd position ; but if they do we
had better know it at once, and I would rather
know it when we have before us a bill that they
want us to pass. I would rather know it when
we have the free tea and coffee bill before us
which they are very anxious to have us pass ;
and I think with this bill, with free tea and
coffee, we had better relieve them of the re-
sponsibility of suggesting revenue officers to
the President. It seems to me if they have
the whole question before them, the customs
duties, the internal taxes, and all, they will be
able to see more readily where they can relieve
the people. If they think our reductions too
large, they can reduce them. If the amount
is larger thau they think the revenue can stand,
they can reduce it. If they think it is not
enough, they can put on more ; they can add
either more duties or more internal revenue.
They will have the whole question before thein
then.
But, sir, I will not occupy any further time.
I want to keep this income tax in connection
with tea and coffee, and in connection with
some other things, because I never could
know where it was when it was alone. It will
always get out of your sight, and I am afraid
it will be so now. And so as to abolishing
these officers. I am afraid if the officehold-
ers get alone or get disconnected from tea and
coffee or some other important proposition,
we shall never get rid of them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator whether he is willing to tax
the minor children whose property is invested
so that it has all been subjected to the tax
already paid, and be himself exempt from an
income tax?
Mr. STEWART. That is a very personal
question, but I do not see how it arises in this
case. [Laughter.] I am about as dull on
that subject as I was in seeing how women and
children were particularly oppressed by taxing
railroad companies.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wanted to give the
proper explanation of a question the Senator
from Nevada asked the Senator from Ohio
about the women and children, but as my
friend is so amiable I believe I will not say
anything to interrupt his good feelings.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to strike out that part relative to
a repeal of the income tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am opposed to that
amendment. I am opposed to it because I
am opposed to the income tax, and have been
ever since I was enabled to discover the prac-
tical workings of it. While it is fair in theory,
it is most unfair, unjust, inquisitorial, and
demoralizing in practice. Having given atten-
tion to it a good many years, one thing is
quite plain to me, in addition to what I have
stated, that nobody is in favor of it except
those who do not pay it; and the votes taken
in this Senate over and over indicate that fact
in a very remarkable manner, all of which
illustrates perfectly the remark of a witty
English writer that A is always in favor of
the tax which B pays.
But besides the inherent vices of the tax,
there is a further objection to the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri. If the Senate
and the House, adopting the same view, should
sweep away the great body of internal revenue
taxes, what justification could there be for
retaining the income tax for instance? The
staff of officers -which would be required-to
administer it would eat up nearly the entire
receipts. In that point of view, also, the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri
seems to me extremely objectionable.
Whether the Senate shall or shall not at this
late hour of the debate put upon the bill now
before us the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, or something like it in sub-
stance, of course I am unable to say ; but in-
asmuch as the income tax is one of the taxes
reached by that amendment, I have risen for
the sake of the people whom I represent, in
their interest, in accordance with their con-
victions and my own, to protest and express
myself against the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri. Sir, of ali the taxes that have
oppressed and irritated the people, that have
vexed labor and assailed property and insti-
tuted inquisitions the most insulting and demor-
alizing into the private affairs and indeed the
conscience and opinions of the citizen, thein-
come tax is the very worst. It is atax on the
conscience of the country for the benefit of
the dishonesty of the country. Those who
by perjury or other devices escape the pay-
ment of the income tax form a larger class
than in relation to any other tax either foreign
or domestic. I am not in favor of charging
the conscience of the country any longer with
the payment of that tax for the benefit of those
who have neither honor nor conscience.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has expressed the ideas I had on this
subject much better than I could do myself.
I will add in addition to what he has said,
however, looking at this internal revenue tax
from my standpoint, and none other, there is no
legislation that I so much desire for the people
I represent as the repeal of this internal rev-
enue tax. I would much rather that the cus-
toms revenue laws should remain untouched,
that all the tariff duties that are now imposed
should continue as they are, and that even a
percentage should be added to them if neces-
sary for the support of the Government, than
that this internal revenue tax should be con-
tinued ; and I speak of the income tax as em-
bracing it. It is not only because of the fact
that the tax is one objectionable to the people,
but it is because it is a source of continual
irritation to the people among whom Ilive and
whom I represent. Their irritation is increased
from the knowledge that the taxes which they
pay never find their way into the Treasury of
the Government at all. They are consumed
by thieves and robbers who take the taxes of
the people and never account for them to the
Treasury. The Government has been exceed-
ingly unfortunate in sending men to Missis-
sippi to collect the internal revenue taxes, and
I do not suppose that the Government will
improve much in the character of the men it
may select to send to that State.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will permit
me, I will call his attention to the fact that
this amendment of mine simply refers to the
income tax.
Mr. ALCORN. I understand that; but it
is nevertheless au amendment relating to the
internal revenue system. I have referred to
the income tax. I think the Senator from
Nevada answered the Senator from Missouri
well when he said, "Continue this income tax
and you necessarily continue this swarm of
officers to collect that tax ; you are not able to
diminish this swarm of officers." And there-
fore the reason that I have given against the
internal revenue tax is one that attaches par-
ticularly to the income tax.
I have no doubt that where society is better
organized and where you can get officers of
the choosing of the people, who represent the
people, there perhaps the tax is faithfully col-
lected and properly applied. I speak from my
own knowledge when I say that in my judg-
ment not one tenth of the internal revenue tax
that has been collected in north Mississippi
since the close of the war—cotton tax and in-
.terttalrev_e ue.JaX-of,all.*kiwIs—has.foundits
way into the Treasury of the United States.
To a people poor as the people of Mississippi
are, for they are poor indeed, it is a continual
source of irritation, complaint, and annoyance
that they pay these large taxes, and yet the
Government is none the better off for the
payment.
Why, sir, last year a man appointed inter-
nal revenue collector for the northern district
of Mississippi defaulted for all he collected.
His bail was not worth a cent; it was straw
bail; and I believe—at least I am told upon
what I conceive to be good authority—that a
little while before he failed for all of it he
came here and got $6,000 of revenue stamps
and sold them, and that is all gone; and not
a dollar has gone into the Treasury. I do not
see how the Government can improve this until
men of a different character are sent there to
hold office. Sir, I would vote against the con-
tinuation of the internal revenue tax, income
tax, and all, if that vote involved an increase of
customs duties of twenty-five per cent. Yes,
I would vote to double the duties, so far as
we are concerned, rather than continue this
odious internal revenue tax, with a horde of
officers worse than Pharoah's locusts and all
the plagues of Egypt sitting upon the body of
the people, eating out their substance, drain-
ing their life's blood, and all in the name of
patriotism.
Mr. CRAGIN. I did not suppose that I
should be tempted to say a word on this sub-
ject; but I suppose every Senator present
knows that the income tax expires this year,
and a large portion of it has already been
paid, and that the other portion is now being
assessed. When the 1st day of May coines,
the tax will be in the hands  f the collectors,
and that will be the end of the income tax.
Before any law can pass on this subject the
tax, or a very large portion of it, will be col-
lected. It seems to me to be a very great
waste of time to be talking here about a tax
that is ready this moment to expire, and after
a portion of it has been paid, the other por-
tion being now assessed, and will be in the
hands of the collectors and collected before
it is possible that this bill can become a law.
If gentlemen who are so opposed to the in-
come tax will have patience alittle longer, it
will be off the statute-books, and no Congress
will be able to reenact it.
Mr. BLAIR. In response to what has been
said by the Senator from California and others
about the inquisitorial character of this tax, I
admit that, and under ordinary circumstances
I should be as much opposed to it as any Sena-
tor; but this is not the only inquisitorial tax
we have. The whisky tax is an inquisitorial tax.
Every tax on a man's business is an inquisi-
torial tax. You have to inquire into the
amount of his business, and you do so; and
you have the same revenue officer to collect
this tax that you have to collect the other taxes.
There is no separate officer to collect the in-
come tax.
As for its being an unequal and unjust tax,
I undertake to say that men who have incomes
are called upon to contribute to the Govern-
ment, and I do not think it is unequal or un-
just to demand that they shall pay in propor-
tion to their income. We have laws the most
searching to reach the remnants of property
held by the poorest of our people. Nobody
can escape your tariff laws. No one is so
obscure, no one is so humble or poor that
he can get out of their reach. They find the
people everywhere, in their humble cottages
and in their poverty. But when a law is made
to reach and tax the'" incomes of the wealthy,
they are powerful and strong, and they have
made a clamor which has reached this high
place in regard to a tax which expires this
year. I hope the remnant of it will be col-
lected, and that by no act of the Senate will
the repeal be made.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The income tax has
already _§xpked.
