1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
Mr. BANKS. I objcct to its present con-
sideration.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Then I will ask
that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The resolution was referred accordingly.
william b. lilly.
Mr. MORPHI8, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 779) granting a
pension to William B. Lilly, late a captain in
the Mexican war; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
adjournment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the regular order,
mid [novo that the House adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes 53, noes 74.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Hoar were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes forty-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
wages and hours ot? labor.
Mr. HOAR. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour begins, and the
House resumes consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 874) reported by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] to provide for the
appointment of a commission on the subject
of the wages and hours of labor and the divis-
ion of profits between labor and capital in the
United States. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, it would
be stupid arrogance for me to undertake this
morning to throw any new light upon the great
questions which underlie the proposition now
under consideration. The system of regulat-
ing capital and labor has attracted the attention
of the greatest statesmen that have ever lived.
Volumes have been written upon it. I shall
not on this occasion embark in a discussion
of these great principles. They will come up
more legitimately and properly as the session
progresses. What I have to say, therefore,
shall be chiefly of a practical character, hav-
ing reference to the two propositions now before
the House—the one which has been reported
by the Committee on Education and Labor,
proposing a commission to be appointed by
the President of the UnitedSUU.es; the other
the motion which I have submitted, that the
subject be recommitted to that committee with
instructions to report a provision for the organ-
ization of a joint committee on the part of
this House and the Senate.
It was very well remarked yesterday by the
gentleman from IHuois [Mr. Farnsworth]
that we have too many commissions; that there
is too great a disposition shown to refer to
commissions every matter which we are sent
here by the people to legislate upon. Now,
it will be borne in mind that less than a year
ago the question of annexing San Domingo
wa3 before Congress and before the country.
A commission was appointed by the President
of the United States to repair to that island and
bring us information. Every one will recollect
how nervous, for a long time, were the people
in regard to the dangers that beset that com-
mission when it was supposed that possibly the
Tennessee had gone under in a storm, and that
all on board had been lost. After the mount-
ain labored, after this commission came back
and made their report, the result was that
the Piesident of the United States formally
withdrew the proposition ; and we are to-day
no more informed, perhaps, in regard to the
true state of affairs on that island than we
were before that commission went out.
Mr. Speaker, these great questions affect-
ing capital and labor are those which the peo-
ple have sent us, their Representatives, here
to grapple with, and to provide the necessary
legislation. The Committee on Education and
Labor was, perhaps, the very committee that
should have made a report, if a report was
necessary, in regard to the proper measures to
be adopted ; and had I been a member of that
committee I should have regarded it as almost
an indignity to the committee had such a prop-
osition emanated from any other committee
of the House.
By our system of legislation, Mr. Speaker,
the labors devolving upon the House of Repre-
sentatives are distributed among the various
committees, and the subject-matters of this
proposition—the questions that would neces-
sarily be investigated by this commission if it
were organized—are already distributed prop-
erly among the committees ofthisHouse. You
have your Committee of Ways and Means; you
have your Committee on Commerce; you have
your Committee on Appropriations, and vari-
ous other committees, to whom legitimately
belong the subjects that are proposed to be
investigated by this commission
Now, Mr. Speaker, if ttiere is sucli a state
of discontent among the people—among that
class known as capitalists, or the class known
as workingmeti—as to require prompt action
in the form of legislation, it seems to me the
proposition coming from the Committee on
Education and Labor is calculated to procras
tinate and delay that necessary action. Sup-
pose we pass the bill as it has come from the
committee, is it to be supposed tbatyour Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to whom are re-
ferred all matters in regard to taxation, rev-
enue, the tariff, and other great subjects in
which the workingmen are interested, are to
suspend their operations until this commis-,
sion shall have made a report?
But what sort of commission will you have?
It is to be a commission appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States; and we have every
reason to believe from past experience that the
commission will be of a purely partisan char-
acter—selected exclusively from the friends
of the Administration. Who they v, ill be God
only-knows! This House has no information.
Perhaps we might have Mr. Borie at the head
of it, and Mr. Tom Murphy at the tail; the
two sandwiching, perhaps, some gentleman
from Massachusetts, from Yale or Harvard, to
go abroad for the benefit of science, and report,
as thoy did in the San Domingo commission,
on the characteristics of the vermin, bugs,
lizards, &c., to be found during the wander-
ings of the commission.
Now, sir, the proposition which I have sub-
mitted, it seems to me, gives that character for
dignity to the commission that this subject
entitles it to. If the subject, goes back to the
committee under instruction, it will then pro-
vide for five members, not t.o be selected by
the President of the United State?, but by the
Speaker of this House, who it is supposed, from
his past course, will not lend himself to any
political party or any political interests, but
will appoint Representatives as well of capi-
tal as of labor—Representatives not merely
from the Republican side of the House, but
from the Democratic side also. It will be a
far more dignified commission than that pro-
posed by the original bill, because it will be
composed of men representing the various sec-
tions of the country, and representing in joint
committee both Houses of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to go minute-
ly into the discussion of the matters of com-
plaint in refereuce to our tariff and our system
of internal taxation. The mutterings that come
up to us from the laboring classes are begin-
ning to be audible. There is, perhaps, a storm
brewing. The cloud has made its appearance
in the horizon, not now porhaps larger than
a man's hand, but it will increase and increase
until the whole heavens will become blackened
with it, from which, perhaps, disastrous con-
sequences may result unless the Congress of
the United States shall take prompt and ener-
getic action to relieve the masses of t he labor
ing community from the oppressive system of
taxation which now bears on them.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to enter at all
now into the details of the provisions of your
tariff, nor the provisions of your system of in-
ternal revenue taxation. I prefer not at this
stage of the session to give a mere party direc-
tion to the discussions on this subject, and I
regret it has been done on this occasion. Gen-
tlemen on the other side have told us, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
yesterday stated that the Republican party has
by its legislation shown itself to be the true
friend of the workingmen. Now, sir, I say it
in no vindictive spirit, "more in sorrow than
in anger," because I cherish very fond recol-
lections of it, having been myself identified
with that Republican party in its purer and
better days, and shall be prepared to maintain
the declaration when these questions are more
legitimately before us for discussion, that, no
party has ever existed whose legislation has
been characterized by more of oppression and
wrong to the great laboring and producing
classes of the country than the Republican
party for the last ten years. Go back, if you
please, and take a mere ha«t,y retrospective
glance at what has been done. Little more
than tpn years ago the rebellion broke out.
And who, 1 ask, was it that fought down that
rebellion ? The great laboring and producing
classes of society.
When Mr. Lincoln issued his first procla-
mation for seventy-five thousand men the
mechanic left his workshop, the farmer bis
plow, the day-laborer his avoeat'on, and rallied
under that flag of beauty and glory which now
so gracefully adorns your chair, Mr. Speaker,
and marched forward to battle and death iu
order that the Republic might live. Gentle-
men may say capital went too. Yes, but when
capital went it went on horseback with its
eagles and its stars on its shoulder, while labor
went on foot marching through the mud and
through the storm, standing in the trenches,
charging on the line of the enemy, mourning
his breastworks, and laying down its life at
the cannon's mouth. Mr. Speaker, alter they
had thus gone forth under contract in 18t> 1
that they should have thirteen dollars in gold
a month for thus lighting, bleeding, and dying.
Congress passed two bills in February, 1862.
They were twins iu birth. They came into
life hand in hand. The one was the act au-
thorizing the five-twenty bonds, and the other
the legal-tender act. And the soldier who had
gune forth under a contract to bo paid in gold,
after be was in the field, when he fought and
when he bled, was paid off, not in gold, but in
greenbacks, when it took three dollars, or'at
least two dollars and a half of legal tender to
purchase for the support of his wife and chil-
dren at .homo what, if you had carried out
your contract, they could have bought for oho
dollar. As to the act authorizing the five-
twenty bonds, withoutgoing into the details of
what then occurred on this floor, Iwillsay that,
on the authority of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means at that time, the
principal of those bonds was to be paid in
greenbacks. Now, I say, Mr. Speaker, that
the Secretary of the Treasury, from the state-
ment before me, has already paid over and
above the principal, in currency, the sum of
$1,530,000 over and above what by the terms
of the original contract were to have been
paid.
I do not complain, Mr. Speaker, that the
policy of the Secretary of the Treasury has
been to advance, so as to reach that standard
of values recognized by the nations of the
earth—the specie basis. But what I complain
of is this, that while the capitalist is receiving
the face of the obligations which he held, in
gold or its equivalent, in the form of a pre-
mium in currency, the laboring classes of the
community who have received your green-
backs, especially the soldiers of 1861, who
were to have received pay in gold, have re
ceived neither interest nor premium on their
greenbacks. In other words, these two classei
