1872. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
the supreme courts or the House of Lords.
Consequential damages should be charged
where such damages have been committed,
and they should be recovered by all the power
of the nation when once acknowledged. I
should be ashamed as a patriot to see the
American people skulk before this growl of
the British lion about "consequential dam-
ages."
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word upon the suggestion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox.] In regard
to the abolition of diplomatic representation
to the different countries of the earth to which
lie has referred, and concerning which he has
repeated arguments which had already been
presented, 1 have very little to say. The sub-
ject does not properly belong to this bill and
cannot be considered in connection with it.
Neither can the subjects to which the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Swank] has referred,
with so much earnestness and feeling, be con-
nected with or considered in the discussion of
this bill; and it is perhaps because these ques-
tions cannot be considered at this time that the
gentleman from Now York and the gentleman
from Maryland have undertaken to enlighten
the House in these matters. It is very pleas-
ant to give advice when it cannot be followed,
and especially so to gentlemen in the Opposi-
tion.
Let me say to the gentleman from Maryland
that when the questions to which he has
alluded come up in the ordinary course of
business under the rules of the House, at the
very earliest opportunity he will hear, our
opinions on those questions as he has heard
them heretofore.
Now, one word in regard to the suggestions
of the gentleman from New York, that it is
not worth while for us to be represented in
the Central American republics, or in the
South American republics, as we are now.
We have debated that question, also, many
times, but if there be any part of the world
where we ought to be represented it is these
republics on the continent of America, whose
sympathies and interests are with us, and
who at some time, not very far distant, will
be required to stand with us against other
parts of the world.
If there is any portion of the world where
in the last twenty years we ought to have had,
' and were compelled to have, by a due consid-
eration of American interests, diplomatic rep-
resentatives. it was precisely in those portions
of the world. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] knows perfectly well that the Eu-
ropean States have been contending for a long
time for the mastery of the isthmus that con-
nects the continents of North America and
South America, and which is in itself the key
to the commercial power of the world. And
when we know that they have been scheming
and plotting for the last quarter of a century
to get possession of that portion of the world,
for us deliberately to abandon it to them
would be such a wrong that I am sure he
would not propose it, if he expected to be
called upon to vote upon the subject in con-
nection with this bill.
And it is exactly the same with the South
American republics. They are weak and poor,
it is true, but they are the only republics on
earth whose interests and whose sympathies
are American. And so far from cutting off
any diplomatic intercourse with them for the
sake of saving a few paltry dollars a year, we
should endeavor to bind ourselves more and
more closely to them, to endeavor to elevate
them, to increase their prosperity, to foster
their trade with our people and our trade with
their people, instead of forcing that trade, as
we have done, to European States three or
four thousand miles distant.
The gentleman from New York says that
instead of these diplomatic representatives,
which stand upon the considerations I have
indicated, we should have commercial agencies
and consular agencies. Yet the gentleman
must know perfectly well that no commercial
agent and no consular officer has any right to
present anywhere any consideration in regard
to the diplomatic interests of the American
people. If we want to have our citizens pro-
tected on the Isthmus, or in the South Amer-
ican republics, or in Europe, we cannot trust
to commercial or consular agencies, for they
have no diplomatic powers. There is not a
Government upon the face of the earth that
can be called upon to listen to any representa-
tion from any such officer in regard to the
rights of American citizens, or in regard to
the diplomatic interests of this nation. We are
obliged, in conformity to the practice of na-
tions, to employ such agencies as are required
for that purpose. In regard to the protection
of American citizens abroad, we want diplo-
matic officers, and we must have them. And
until the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] is ready, as I think surely he is not, to
abandon the interests and the rights and the
protection of American citizens in any quarter
of the globe, he cannot seriously advocate the
abolition of diplomatic representatives to these
various Powers.
Mr. COX. In response to what the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [.Mr. Banks] has said
in regard to the Isthmus of Panama, &c., I
can only commend him to study the treaties
already made, by which Great Britain is pre-
vented from doing there more than we do,
by which the neutrality of the Isthmus is
guarantied.
Mr. BANKS. Does not the gentleman very
welt know that Great Britain does not regard
treaties when they stand in the way of her
interests? And if she has made treaties, and
should be inclined at any time to disregard
them, does not the gentleman know perfectly
well that if those portions of the globe are of
any importance to us it is necessary for us to
have diplomatic representatives there toinform
us what is going on? But I will not pursue
this subject further at this time. If the gen-
tleman will bring up the question at a time
when we can vote upon it I will take the.sen3e
of the House upon it. But neither this subject,
nor the other to which the honorable gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Swann] referred
with so much feeling, can be decided upon this
bill.
Mr. COX I was about to say this to the gen-
tleman: I do not propose to remove from our
diplomatic representatives those questions that
properly belong to them. Of course commer-
cial agencies can be established for commercial
purposes, if we have any commerce with these
Central American and South American States.
But I do propose that one miaister shall per-
form all the diplomatic duties necessary with
the five Central American States. I referred
a moment ago to the fact that Great Britain
had already agreed with us—I think under the
old Clayton-Bulwer treaty—as to the neutrality
of the isthmus. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] responds that Great
Britain does not observe her treaties. She is
now prepared perhaps to break that great high-
sounding; treaty. Treaties are somewhat like
gutta-pereha, and depend very much upon the
strength of the nation that makes them, that
keeps them or chooses to break them. I ad-
mit all that the gentleman says; but I would
like to see our country made strong in its
national spirit, strong in its foreign relations, so
that we might hold our own faith to treaties,
and hold other nations to their faith. At pres-
ent, in the State Department—I will not say in
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, though I
would like to hear from that committee occa-
sionally on some matters—we have not spirit
enough to back up the little strength that be-
longs to us physically, either on laud or sea,
in order to make Great Britain or any other
nation, even Spain, keep the faith of treaties
with us.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] fays that wa
have no commerce. We had a commerce
once. In 1859 and 1860 our commerce was
greater than that of any other nation on the
face of the i-arth, arid for twenty-five yea.r8.it
had been increasing in a ratio which, in 187&,
would have given us a majority of the tonnage
of the whole globe. A political party ; to which
I need not specifically refer, plunged us into
a civil war, and by its collusion with, those
Governments which the gentleman from New
York seems to look upon with so much favor,
the American flag was swept from the seas of
the world. Not an American ship floated any-
where. And when we were defending our
commerce and our country, where was the
party to which I refer? Exactly where the
gentleman stands now—in the Opposition.
Mr. COX. That is rather a personal reflec-
tion.
Mr. BANKS. Then I take it all baeJc.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I stot>d in this House and de-
nounced the taking of our vessels by the Ala-
bama. I was the first man to do so, as the
Globe will show. I denounced the Shenan-
doah. I deuounced the English as pirates for
the course they were pursuing. My voice was
heard here upon that question when the voice
of gentlemen on the other side was not.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I am de-
lighted to hear what the gentleman from .New
York says. I honor him for his support of the
Government. Now let him support the Gov-
ernment in other measures, and he will do as
well as he did then.
Mr. COX. The trouble is that the Govern-
ment does not support itself very well.
Mr. DAWES. It is painful to remember
that the transactions continued in spite of
what the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] said. [Laughter.]
Mr. SWANN. I have a single remark to
make in reply to the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] It is not ipy
purpose to move any change in this bill. JThe
honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] proposes to offer some amendments.;
but I believe that I represent the views of the
committee when I say there is no desire what-
ever on their part to introduce into this bill
any new matter. We approve of it as it has
been reported to this House. Least of all
have I any desire to interfere with the action
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. We
have reported this bill just as it has been
reported heretofore, reserving for future con-
sideration any change that may be considered
important in our foreign relations or consular
system. We shall be satisfied to take up that
subject upon the report which will come iu here
in due time, and which will indicate what it is
best for us to do.
I will say, in reference to my honorable
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] that
when I was a member of the. Committee on
Foreign Affairs I took great pleasure in fol-
lowing him to the extent to which I thought I
was justified. Though he was a little in ad-
vance of me I did not object to the course he
was pursuing. 1 am prepared now to let this
bill stand as it is, without amendment, until
the Committee on Foreign Affairs shall have an
opportunity to report; and I do not know that
the gentleman from Massachusetts and myself
may not be in entire accord in the course
which he is prepared to recommend for the
action of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I have no doubt we shall be
in entire accord. Mr. Chairman, a gentle-
man on this side of the House has reminded
me that the honorable gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Swann] has asked why the voice of
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs has not been heard as heretofore upon
some questions to which he alluded. The
answer is, that when I was heard before it was
in the line of my duty ; I had a right to be
heard on those questions. The reason why
