2044
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. BLAIR. I understand from the Sen-
ator that it has already expired. A portion
of the tax has been collected, and a portion
of it remains to be collected and is now being
Mr. MORTON. The tax of last year.
Mr. BLAIR. The tax of last year. As I
stated, it is a tax already due. Unquestion-
ably that is true if it is the tax of last year.
But whether assessed or not, it is a tax that is
due and should be collected, and I hope the
amendment which I have had the honor to
offer will prevail.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me there is
nothing in the argument of inequality. What
tax which is extensive in its operations can be
repealed by Congress without inequality ? The
very bill which is before the Senate illustrates
what I say. If tea and coffee should be made
free, then some men have paid large amounts
in duties on those articles, and other men will
escape paying such duties. It is nearly impos-
sible in any case of a tax that is extensive in
its operations, or the proceedings for the col-
lection of which occupy much time, for Con-
gress to legislate at all without producing some
inequality. I believe that if we are to get rid
of the oppressive and vexatious system of
internal revenue taxes in great part, there is
no tax which should go sooner than the income
tax. Whenever you do lay the ax to the root
of this vicious system of internal taxation, you
necessarily must in cutting down the tree do
injustice somewhere. There will be some
always who have paid taxes while others have
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask for the reading
of the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1872, the
taxes hereinafter specified imposed by internal rev-
enue laws now in force bo, and the same are hereby,
repealed, namely: the tax on illuminating gas, all
taxes payable by stamps, excepting such as relate
to distilled spirits, fermented liquors, and tobacco,
snuff, and cigars; and all taxes on incomes arc
repealed from and after the passage of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment of the Senator frofn Missouri to the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
is to strike out this last clause, " and all taxes
on iucomcs are repealed from and after the
passage of this act."
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to take
a moment of the time of the Senate. I wish
simply to say that I have always been opposed
to the income tax, and have always voted for
its repeaj; but owing to the particular posture
of this bill I shall not vote to put that amend-
ment on it, because I think the effect of it is
to destroy this bill, and I desire this bill to
pass the Senate as it is and stand its chance of
being passed in the House.
Mr,_ STEVENSON. I am opposed to all
these internal taxes, but I do not think this is?
the time or the occasion to consider them. I
shall be governed in voting against this amend-
ment by what has fallen from the able chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. He has
assured us that there will be ample oppor-
tunity to repeal all these internal taxes. He
has told us that it cannot be done to-night.
We are under a sort of mutual obligation to
vote on this bill. I shall therefore vote against
this amendment, although if it were a proper
occasion and a well-considered measure I
should vote for it. I shall now vote against
it, in order to let the Senate come to a vote
on the tariff bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair. Boroman, Cooper, Cragin,
Edmunds, Hamlin. Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Eobertson,
wi'trt S'man- Stevenson, West, and Wright—19.
uSsr8r.AlcoP' ,4Pth°ny. Cameron, Cas-
serly, Chandler, Oolo, Gonkhng, Davis of West Vir-
F^hnWMiohigan, Frelinghuysen,
°4dryland, Hamilton of Texas
b«li°fnd wTo°n-^0mer0y' SC0"' Stewart' Trum"
ABSENT Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flana-
gan, Goldthwaite, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and
Windom.—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas
and nays upon that amendment..
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Borem an, Cas-
serly, Chandler, Cole, Oonkling, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton. Ferry of Michi-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Kel-
logg, Logan, Morton, Norwood, Pomcroy, Scott,
Stewart, West, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Carpenter, Cragin, Hamlin,
Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Robertson, Sherman,
Stevenson. Trumbull, and Wright—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky. Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Goldthwaite, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, llice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scliurz, Spencer,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, and Windom—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. ^HAMLIN. On the passage of the bill
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oi-dered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understood
the Senator from Ohio to say that if the Sen-
ate indicated that their opinion was in favor
of entering into the subject of adjusting the
internal revenue, then he desired an adjourn-
ment ia order that the measure might be per-
fected. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate have by a
vote of three to one indicated their purpose to
to put the internal revenue question on this
bill. In my judgment they have done it for
the purpose of defeating the bill. ["No!
No!"] At least that will probably be the
effect, and I hope now it will pass. I do not
want to be bothered with it again.
_Hr. EDMUNDS. We are doing just the
thing the Senator from Ohio did in 1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. . HAMILTON, of Maryland. I vote
"yea," with a protest against free tea and
coffee.
The call of the roll having been con-
cluded,
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to withdraw my
name. _ I am paired with Mr. Ames, of Mis-
sissippi, and I ana not certain which way he
would vote.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly he would vote
for the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts states that he is paired
with the Senator from Mississippi, a member
of the Finance Committee, and desires to
withdraw the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator from Mississippi would vote for the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I am assured that Mr.
Ames would vote for the bill, and therefore
my vote may stand.
The result was announced—yeas 35, nays 4 :
as follows:
"i EAS—-Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair,Carpenter,
|&erl7t£handler. ConkliDg, Cooper, Cragin, Davis
of West Virginia,, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
lexas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Norwood, Pom-
eroy. Robertson. Sawyer, Sherman, Stevenson, Stew-
ar& ■r-f-ruftlb'}11' West' Wilson, and Wright—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
lin, ana Scott—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clay ton. Cole Cor-
bett, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Goldthwaite, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and
Windom—34.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, its title was
amended so as to read, "A bill to reduce exist-
ing taxes."
adjournment to monday.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider House bill No. 1192, the
Indian appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of an appropriation bill, the
title of which will be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 1192)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 move that when the
Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. MORTON. Is there not a motion
pending V
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion is
pending. When any other motion is made,
and a point of order is made on it, the Chair
will decide it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion I am about
to make is, if my friend from Indiana will
pardon me, and I think he will agree with me
when he hears me, that we adjourn from this
time until Monday. We have worked our to-
morrow and more by the clock already on
this subject. To-morrow is Good Friday,
when many of us would prefer to attend to
other duties than those here, if we can prop-
erly. I say that we have done the work of
to-morrow by staying here to-night. I hope,
therefore, Senators will notobject, aftertaking
up this appropriation bill, to our adjourning
over until Monday.
Mr. COLE. Upon that I should like to say
one word.
'Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The motion
before the Senate is to proceed to the consid-
eration of the Indian appropriation bill, which
is an independent motion. By unanimous
consent the motion to adjourn over can be
entertained ; but of course, a motion to adjourn
would be in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then' I hope my friend
from California will not object to my motion
being acted on.
Mr. COLE. I do not think we need pass
over to-morrow. The end of the session is
approaching too rapidly to permit us to lose
a day. _ If it is Good Friday it is a better day
for legislation. This appropriation bill will
require a day to read it, and if there are any
disputed questions upon which Senators wish
to reserve a vote we can pass over such, and
we can just as well read the bill to-morrow as
to spend the day next Monday in doing that.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senate seem to
be m an admirable^ mood for doing business,
and I hope there "will be unanimous consent
to stay here and pass this appropriation biil
to-night. [Laughter. ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next. That motion will bo put unless
objected to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
0rlrm?e ai0^c>nL the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation Jilhh.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The "question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to take up the Indian sppropriation
The motion was agreed to.
