1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
my voice has not been heard more recently is j
that it has not been in the line of my duty;
I have not had a right to be heard. I await
a suitable opportunity when it may be my
province to speak. I do not undertake to
bring in questions for discussion when they
cannot be acted on. I have not sufficient
desire to hear my own voice to lead me in that
direction.
But I have a word to say to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] on the subject of
commerce. The Committee on Commerce
has a bill which is intended to aid the mari-
time interests of the United States. The
Committee on Foreign Affairs has the same
subject under consideration, and if gentlemen
on that side of the House who deplore the
fact that our commerce has been destroyed,
will give us their aid, I will promise them a
measure which in ten years at least will rees-
tablish the maritime interests of the United
States where they were in the proudest days
of the history of the country, and be equal if
not superior to the maritime force of any other
nation. I will not say the bill we propose and
the measure we propose are the best, but I
believe they will answer the purpose, and if
the honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] will do as well as he did when he con-
demned the Alabama and the Shenandoah,
and give us his support and sympathies to
these measures he will see the maritime in-
terests of the country restored, and will not
be troubled with a motion to abolish these
small diplomatic representatives in Central
America.
Mr. COX. I will be happy to go with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts in restoring Ameri-
can tonnage to its former prosperous condition,
if it include a revision of the tariff and the right
t,o purchase ships abroad, and the gentleman
knows there is no other way of doing it. But
he ought not to ask me to commit myself to
his proposition in advance without knowing
exactly what it is.
Mr. BANKS. We will not let in foreign
ships, but we will revive American tonnage,
and we will trust the defense of this country
and its commerce to our own ships, for we have
the best ship-builders, the best seamen, and
the best mercantile marine service in the
world. We have everything to protect, a na-
tion powerful in commerce, as it is powerful
in industry, and we cannot do that without
protecting our own interest.
Mr. COX. I should like to see the propo-
sition before I commit myself to it, and the
gentleman has no right iu advance to ask me
to give it my consent.
Mr. SWANN. I hope we will now go on
with the reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is nothing but the
usual diplomatic and consular bill, and I hope
the gentleman will move that the committee
now rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. SWANN. If there be no objection I
now move that the general debate be termin-
ated and we considerthe bill by sections under
the five-minute rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the bill been read
through ?
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading of the
bill for information was dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the committee rise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And report the hill.
Mr. SARGENT. Let us read a few para-
graphs and then we can rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope there
will be no objection to the closing of general
debate.
Mr. NIBLACK. Can this committee close
general debate?
Mr. SARGENT. Of course it can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. VOORHEES. i wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio if the motion he makes
to close general debate would leave the closing
hour of the gentleman from Maryland?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When the bill
gets back into the House I presume it would.
I hope debate will be closed, and we will pro-
ceed to consider the bill by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
closing general debate?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object if the under-
standing be that the committee will now rise.
There being no objection, general debate on
the bill was closed.
Mr. SWANN. Let us go on for a few min-
utes further.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—•
ayes 33, tioes 60 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not be captious, if
gentlemen only desire a paragraph or two read,
and will therefore withdraw my motion.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary to Great Britain, France, and Ger-
many. at S17.500 each, $52,500.
To Russia, Spain, Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China,
and Italy, at 812,000 each, $84,000.
To Chili, Peru, and Japan, at $10,000 each, $30,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
take out "Japan" from where it now is, and
place it after "Mexico," in the preceding
paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not sup-
pose there will be any objection to that.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If there be
no objection I have no remarks to make.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
rise.
The question being put on Mr. Holmax's
motion, there were—ayes 30, noes 66 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that further count will
not be insisted on. I move to amend the para-
graph by transferring Russia to the list of first-
class missions.
The CHAIRMAN. Is further count insisted
on ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on further count.
The CHAIRMAN. Noquorum having voted
on the motion that the committee rise, the
Chair will order tellers, and appoints the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bajsks.]
The committee again divided ; and the
tellers reported—ayes 49, noes 72.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For ministers resident at Portugal, Switzerland,
Greece, Belgium, Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden
and Norway. Turkey, Ecuador, Colombia. Bolivia,
Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Hawaiian Isl-
ands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Salvador, and the
Argentine Republic, at $7,500 each, $142,500.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move an
amendment similar to the motion which I
made some years ago, to strike out the words
"Guatemala," "Nicaragua," "Costa Rica,"
"Honduras," and "Salvador." I shall also
move to strike out " the Hawaiian Islands."
But I propose to take first the case of what is
called Central America. These are small States,
hardly so large as some large towns of Massa-
chusetts, or many of the towns in the State of
Illinois. There is no commerce, no popula-
tion, and no earthly necessity for these mis-
sions, commercially speaking. There is no
use whatever for them, except the political
necessity of providing some partisans with
places there.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] has to-day given the first
reason I ever heard assigned for the creation
of these five missions where one might suffice.
That was, that these States constituting Cen-
tral America are situated on our own conti-
nent, have sympathies and interests identical
with our own, and being so many independent,
sovereignties, they should each have a diplo-
matic representative of this country. Now, in
reference to that, I say that if the gentleman's
principle is good, if every sovereignty every-
where is to have a representative, we may set
about creating forty or fifty illusions to the
most unknown countries on the earth, m Asia,
Europe, and Africa, which are independent
sovereignties. There is no necessity, in my
judgment, nor has the House ever acted as if
it saw the necessity, for sending ministers to
every independent sovereignty on the face of
the earth. If the theory of the honorable
gentleman were to be carried out, and if Mex-
ico, for instance, which at the present moment
is in a state of revolution, should be divided
iuto a number of independent States and
municipalities, we would have to send minis-
ters to- Yucatan, Oaxaca, Tamaulipas, Zaca-
tecas, Sonora, Guadalaxara, &c.
Now, is< it statesmanlike to say, or is there
any precedent for claiming, that for every
sovereignty everywhere on earth, or for every
small State when a larger State is cut up into
a number of little insignificant divisions, thi3
great country, the United States of America,
is bound in honor or in principle to have a
representative in each ease? i think not. I
think it is an utter waste of money to attempt
to carry out any such principle. Then, as
regards the geographical position of these
places, they are brought through the tele-
graph and through the railroads and steam-
boats in closer proximity to this Government
than they were when only one minister was
stationed there. They can be reached in
fifteen minnt.es by telegraph, and in six or
eight, days by steamboat. I do not propose
to do away with the consulates, but I would
have only one minister resident in the prin-
cipal place. Having accepted my motion to
increase the salary of the very important
mission in Japan, I hope the committee will
also go with me in reducing the expenses of
our foreign missions where they are unneces-
sarily large.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I do not care particularly about this
question, and certainly would not have troubled
the committee in regard to it, were it not for
the line of argument which has been pursued
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] He tells the committee that if we
sustain these missions we ought to establish a
mission in every little country in Europe. Now,
I make a substantial distinction between the
representation of this Government in Europe
and on this contifient. I would much rather
that our diplomatic representatives were with-
drawn from the European States than from the
Asiatic nations or the American republics.
And still more extravagant is the gentleman
in his argument when he assumes that, because
we have maintained representatives in the re-
publics he has named, we must also, whenever
Mexico shall be divided into ten or twelve
separate States, send a minister to each. That
does not follow; but I say to the gentleman
from New York that if the United States in its
wisdom and power shall create or shall rec-
ognize a republic in the empire of Mexico, it
is perfectly right for us, and it is our duty, to
send there a representative to know what is
going on there. It is due to courtesy as well
as to interest that we maintain our diplomatic
representation there. The gentleman from
New York, both from his profession and his
distinguished position in this House, must
know very well that at this very moment one
of the European Governments is making a
movement against the independence of one
of the South American Governments; and
we have information beyond doubt that an-
other South American republic is in appre-
hension of a movement against her independ
ence and integrity on the part of a European
Government. We are told that they are pur-
chasing islands in the Gulf of Mexico, a sea
that is as important to us as the harbor of the
city of New York is important to the country.
And while these things are going on, maintain-
ing the traditions of Europe for one hundred
