1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and fifty years, is there any man in this House
who will vote that we ought to have no diplo-
matic representatives to the very States where
these machinations are going on against repub-
lican institutions and American government
on this continent? Sir, it is not a question
merely of dollars and cents. If it were, I
would accede to the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York.
Now a word in regard to the Central Ameri-
can republics. The position they occupy is
important. There is not a nation on the face
of the earth that does not covet the power they
possess. There is no treaty that can bind Euro-
pean Governments to recognize the independ-
ence of these Governments, and it is necessary
for us, not only in regard to commerce and the
interests and rights of the people there, but
in regard to the position they occupy, which
in the next fifty or one hundred years will be
considered the very bey of the globe, to see to
it that those countries shall not pass into the
possession of other nations without our know-
ing what is being done, for whom it is done,
and for what purpose.
Mr. SWANN. I would say in reference to
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York that I should be sorry to see the House
adopt the action suggested by the honorable
gentleman in regard to these various missions
to which he refers.
I have reason to believe that our whole dip-
lomatic and consular system will be revised in
the course of a very short time. I ani not
prepared to say here whether or not these mis-
sions are as important as we have been induced
to believe they are. I would desire, and the
Committee on Appropriations would desire,
some consultation with the State Department
in regard to the relations in which these mis-
sions stand. I repeat that I have reason to
believe and to hope that a measure will be
brought in here in the course of a very short
time in which the whole subject of our con-
sular and diplomatic system will be revised.
We have reported this bill as brought to
us by the State Department; we have not had
time to examine into the importance of the
changes proposed in the various officers con-
nected with our diplomatic service. 1 think this
House would require some time for delibera-
tion, for communication with the State Depart-
ment in reference to the importance of these
various points, and the duties imposed upon
these officers; and until the subject comes
before us in some form that will show the
importance of these various offices, which, it
is suggested by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,J should be abolished, I should
be very sorry to see his proposition agreed to.
I think it is far better that we should be in-
formed upon this subject before we undertake
to make this great change.
Mr. SPEEli, of Georgia. If the gentleman
will yield to me I will move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. SWANN. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
committee'now rise.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a point of order.
The- CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
point of oider of the gentleman.
Mr. BANKS. It is rather a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to inquire of the Chair if
my amendment to transfer the mission to Rus-
sia to those of the first class with the missions
to Great Britain, Franco, and Germany, was
received and entertained by the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. It was not received.
Mr. BANKS. I certainly moved the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman was not then in order.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I would like to
inquire how the gentleman from Massachnsetts
[Mr. Banks] lias the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. He was recognized by
the Chair.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I certainly had
the floor, and moved that the committee now
rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman was not
recognized by the Chair to make that motion.
Mr. BANKS. I hope no objection will be
made to receiving my amendment. ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to going
back to a portion of the bill we have passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
Mr. L. MYERS. The chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks]
certainly moved the amendment he has indi-
cated, and probably he was not heard by the
Clerk. I think that upon that statement the
Cofomittee of the Whole will be satisfied to
receive it.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to amend
was not made in any form that was recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. .L. MYERS. But the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] states that he did
make it.
Mr. BANKS. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. BANKS. Russia is a nation of over
eighty million people, and has always been
friendly to us. As we are now advancing the
missions to Germany and Japan, it will be an
insult to Russia if we overlook her.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts proposes
an amendment to a portion of this bill that
this committee has already passed. I insist
upon my motion that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Co-
burn reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, according to the
order of the House, had had under considera-
tion the biil (H. R: No. 1323) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ser-
vice of the Government for the year ending
June 30,1873, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 647) to authorize the con-
struction of abridge across the Mississippi river
at or near the town of Clinton, in the State of
Iowa, and other bridges across said river, and
to establish them as post roads ; and
A bill (S. No. 675) granting to James D.
Dana the use of certain plates.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of tli.e
House to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 245)
amendatory of an act authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river,
asked a conference with the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Chandler, Mr. Edmunds,
and Mr. Stevenson as managers of the con-
ference on its part.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. in.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of Alvin
M. Ryerson, for repayment to him of commu-
tation money wrongfully exacted from him.
By Mr. ACKER: The memorialof-workers
iu the Norristown, Pennsylvania iron works,
remonstrating against a change of the existing
tariff laws abating or abolishing duties, upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country, &c,, and praying for the repeal
of all duties upon tea, eofiee, and such other
articles of necessity or comfort as cannot he
produced in the United States, and that tl^e
Representatives of the American people will
take care that duties shall be so adjusted as to
encourage and defend every home industry,and
to foster the honor and interests of the Amer-
ican laborer.
By Mr. BOLES: The memorial of the
Presbyterian church of Cane Hill, Washing-
ton county, State of Arkansas, asking compen-
sation for a church edifice destroyed by the
United States troops.
By Mr. BRAXTON: Thepetition of colored
citizens of Virginia, asking that the duty on
sumac may be retained.
Also, the petitions of Richard H. Lee, Riclj-
ard H. Carter and John D. Butler, asking to be
relieved from political disabilities.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of F.
B. Goss, publisher of the Patriot, in the county
of Barnstable, State of Massachusetts, praying
the passage of an amendment to the law regu-
lating postage on newspapers.
By Mr. COBB: The memorial of senators
and members of the houses of representatives
of the Legislature of North Carolina, praying
the passage of the civil rights amendment of
Senator Sumner.
Also, the petition of citizens of North Caro-
lina, asking the establishment of a post route
between Manteo post office and CapeHatteras
post office, North Carolina.
By Mr. COMINGO : The petition of R. H.
Shropshire, praying compensation for prop-
erty appropriated by the troops of the United
States during the rebellion.
By Mr. COX: The remonstrance of P. Hei ti-
ne ii and others, type-founders, against any
change in the tariff on printing type, and in
favor of the repeal of all duties on the raw
material used in its manufacture.
Also, the memorial of the National Reve-
nue Reform Association of New York city,
for the modification of the internal revenue
laws and the abolition of certain taxes.
By Mr. F1NKELNBURG: Thepetition of
George Fink, of Franklin comity, Missouri,
for indemnification of losses sustained by him
Uuriug the late war of the rebellion.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: The petition of J.
B. Morrow, publisher, of Newville, Cumber-
land county, Pennsylvania, for an .amendment
to the postal laws. . ,
Also, the petition of J, S. Bender, of Car-
lisle, Pennsylvania, for relief Cor goods de-
stroyed by Indians to the amountof !Jj3,0y3 50,
while proceeding from Fort Phil Kearney to
Fort Smith.
By Mr. HALE: The remonstrance of
Thomas Wilson and others, against the reduc-
tion of duties upon articles that can be suc-
cessfully produced in this country.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Thepetition of John
J. Keech, publisher of the Pine Plains Adver-
tiser, Dutchess county, New York, asking that
newspapers partly printed may pass through
the mails free of postage.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The pietition of 106 cit-
izens of the twenty-fifth district of New York,
against the reduction of the tariff on wool.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The remonstrance
of 11. G. Ford and 125 others, residents of
Penn Station, Pennsylvania, against, any
change in the existing tariff laws, and praying
the repeal of all duties upon tea and coffee,
and that duties shall be so adjusted as to en-
courage and defend every home industry, and
to foster the honor and interests of the-Ameri-
can laborer.
By Mr. McKEE: The memorial of the
mayor and city council of Vickshurg, setting
forth the commercial and military importance
of Vicksburg to the Mississippi valley, sad
