1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
grows in years, and arrives at the ripe good
old age of three score and ten, and tottering
along at last tumbles into his grave, you im-
pose a tax upon his estate for the screws that
are used in his coffin. And when his friends
are gathered around his grave, and they come
to perform the last act for him in making the
little hillock of brown earth that shall mark
the resting-place where his mortal remains
are to repose until the morning of the resur-
rection, you tax the estate for the Ames' shovel
that is used for that purpose.
But I have already consumed more time
than I intended when I arose. I did not ex-
pect on this occasion to do anything more than
simply to give the gentlemen on the other side,
among them the worthy chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes,] to
understand what we are driving at. We ex-
pect from him a just tariff, one that will bear
equally and justly upon all classes of the com-
munity.
I make no war upon capital. Capital is
necessary, but it should be made to behave
itself and to keep within reasonable bounds. I
make no war upon the laboring classes. On
the contrary, 1 expect to stand here as the ad-
vocate of just and righteous measures for the
relief of that class from the oppressions that
have been imposed upon them by the Repub-
lican party.
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen may as well set
their sails for the coming storm. The labor-
ing men of the country fought down the rebel-
lion, and you repudiated your just debt to
those laboring men for that service. You have
ground down the laboring man and paid him
off in a depreciated currency, when you agreed
to pay him in gold ; you have paid him in a
currency that drew no interest, while you have
been paying the capitalists of the country
double the amount actually due.them and gold
interest upon their investments from the start.
During the whole of this time you have, by
means of taxation, been oppressing the great
laboring and producing classes of society.
Sir, there was a little procession on last Sun-
day in the streets of New York city that meant
business. They have not their agents here to
press their claims upon the consideration of
the House, as the capitalists have. They are
coming ; the clans are gathering ; the reveille
will be beaten again ; and from the mountain
top the call to the charge will soon be sounded.
The struggle of 1872 between the interests of
labor and the oppressive demands of capital
will be one of the most remarkable ever known
in the history of this country. The clans are
gathering. They will come from the mount-
ain-top and from the valley, from the work-
shop, from the plain, from the far-off frontier,
from the sea, from the river, from the lakes,
in one common union against these wrongs
that have been inflicted upon them. They
will come, sir, with no new banner, but under
the good old "stars and stripes," under which
they have fought and under which their fathers
before them fought. They will rally to the
rescue ; and they will have inscribed upon
their banners, in letters of living light,_ "The
equalityof man before the law!'—that heaven-
born principle which, iu my judgment, should
guide our legislation. They will not come as
they did in i861, with cannon and shot and
shell, to desolate the fend. They will not
come to make your mountain streams and
your rivers run red with American blood, shed
by American hands. No, no ; they will come
armed with—
"A weapon firmer set
And surer than the bayonet;
The ballot that falls as still
As a snowllake on the fiozen sod,
But executes a freeman's will
As lightning does the will of (iod."
Mr. Speaker, in this coming struggle I do
not, know where the Democratic party will
stand, or how many of the Republican party
will unite in this great movement. For my
own part, by every instinct of my nature, by
every fond memory of poverty-stricken parents
who cared for me as a child upon the frontier
of the West, by all that I have learned in later
life, I expect to be a private in the ranks of
that mighty phalanx that shall come up and
exact equal justice.
Mr. Speaker, I have consumed in these dis-
jointed remarks more time than I intended at
the outset. And now, protesting against the
whole system of "farming out" the floor, be-
lieving it to be wrong, although it has been
decided to be in accordance with the rules and
usages of the House, I constitute myself into a
peddler of the balance of my time. How much
have I left?
The SPEAKER. Thirteen minutes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am very sorry to have
used so much time. I will therefore bequeath
the entire residue of my hour to a gentleman
who represents a whole State. As I know
" the eyes of all Delaware are upon him," I
yield to the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Biggs.]
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge
the kindness of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] in giving to me thirteen
minutes of his time. I propose during that
lime to discuss the bill now before the House.
Honesty of purpose and purity of motive ought
always to characterize any gentleman who has
a seat in a deliberative body. Since this bill
has been under discussion 1 have been pained
to see gentlemen endeavoring to give it a
party turn or to make political capital out of
it. Sir, we are here as Representatives of the
nation, Democratic as well as Republican;
and when the Republicans undertake to say
that the Democrats are opposed to the laborers
of the country, I think they should be reminded
that the history of the nation shows that the
Democratic party is the natural protector of
the laboring people.
And, sir, permit me to say that the Repub-
lican party of this country will be held ac-
countable and responsible for the legislation
during the last ten years. Who, I ask, gave
fifty-three million acres of the public domain
to a wealthy corporation during the last session
of Congress ? Who gave twenty-three thousand
acres of the public lands to every mile of rail-
road track from Duluth to Puget sound? The
Republican party of this House and of this
nation took from the people fifty three million
acres of the land which we ought to have held
in trust for the poor workingmen of our coun-
try, and gave it to some ten or twelve wealthy
gentlemen.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I see the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] who intro-
duced this bill paying attention to my remarks,
and I propose to give him a sum to figure out.
Tell me, sir, the difference between the Gov-
ernment of the United States building the
Northern Pacific railroad, and at'ter building
it making it a present to ten or twelve individ-
uals, and the same Government furnishing the
same ten or twelve individuals with the means
to build it, with a surplus of $25,000,000 re-
maining. That is what the Republican parly
have done, and yet they tell us they are the
friends of the laboring man !
The honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxsworth] stated yesterday that the Repub-
lican party had done more for labor than any
other party of the country. My dear sir, with
all due deference to your distinguished ability
and statesmanship, 1 beg most respectfully to
differ from you; and 1 here allege that the
Republican party by their oppressive legislation
during the last ten years have extracted more
money from the toiling millions of this coun-
try than the Democratic party did under the
administrations of Van Buren, Polk, Pierce,
and Buchanan, and for twenty five years pre
vious to that time. In other words, I charge
that the Republican party by their unwise
legislation have extracted more money from
the toiling millions of this country in ten years
than the Democratic party did in a period of
forty-one years.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman, as he has
appealed to me personally, allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. BIGGS. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. Has he not during all that time
held that it was right to advocate the owning
of the laboring man by the capitalists?
Mr. BIGGS. I do not understand the gen-
tleman's question.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the gentleman whether,
during all that time, he did not advocate the
policy of the capitalists owning the working-
men ; in other words, holding slaves?
Mr. BIGGS. Why, Mr. Speaker, so far as
I am concerned I have always advocated the
interest of the laboring men of the country. I
feel myself identified with the laboring men of
the nation. And the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts perfectly well knows, if he will
take and read the history of his own State, that
New England was so vitally interested in the
slave trade that the insisted upon carrying on
the traffic in human flesh until the year 1808.
He will find ample room for his benevolence
there, where poor factory boys and girls, not
fifteen years of age, are kept at work in the
factories until the superintendent has had to
throw water upon their faces to keep them
awake. [Laughter.] Here, sir, is the testi-
mony of one witness, reported by the Bureau
of Statistics, from Massachusetts:
*' Testimony of an Overlooker of Seventeen Years'
Experience, Five in this Country and Twelve in Eng-
land, in a Cotton-Mill.—Worked in En gland under tho
ten-hour law; is familiar with tho system of inspec-
tion in England; has seen an inspector enter dis-
guised as a laborer; he forbade any one leaving the
room until after the inspection; found thirty or
more children working contrary to law, for which
the owner was fined. Now works eleven hours per
day, except Saturday; thinks there are many chil-
dren under fifteen years of age; according to tho
best of my knowledge. I believe there are one hun-
dred and fifty under that age in the room in which
lam employed; one, a girl, measuring four feet five
inches high, weighing sixty-two pounds; another,
about the same height, weighing sixty-four and a
half pounds ; think they are about eleven years of
age. These children are poor, emaciated, and sickly ;
none of them have attended school during the past
year. Six years ago I ran night work trom six forty-
five p.m. to six a. m., with forty-five minutes for
meals, eatingm theroom. Thechildren weredrowsy
and sleepy; have known them to fall asleep stand-
ing up at their work. Some of these children are
now working in the mill, and appear to be under
fifteen years of age. I have had to sprinkle water
in their laces to arouse them, after having spoken
to them till hoarse; this was done gently, without
any intention of hurting them."
Let him go back to his own State of Massa-
chusetts, and commence his reform there, and
not come to the Congress of the United States
and endeavor to make a littlecheapcapital for
Massachusetts. Why, sir, the gentleman from
Massachusetts knows the late Republican con-
vention which he presided over m that State
had to combine all the isms of that State in
order to defeat General Butler's nomination
for Governor, when General Butler was run-
ning in the interest of the Workingmen's party
in that State. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I can only account for it
in this way. Slavery is dead. Massachusetts
can no more hold up and persecute the southern
slaveholder. Slavery has been "wiped out,"
and Massachusetts, so fond of meddling with
other people's business, cannot rest satisfied.
There is a Workingmen's party in Massachu-
setts, and the gentleman fears their power in
the next election. Hence the introduction of
this bill. He cannot talk any more about the
negro, and he wants to getup a little sympathy
with thelaboring men of the country. The labor-
ers of the country understand this. All they
desire, all they ask, is to be remunerated for
their toil. 'They will cheerfully support a Gov-
ernment economically administered ; and if we
would give them substantial relief let them have
their salt, their coal, their sugar and coffee f ree
of taxation. If you want to regulate labor and
capital go back to your own State of Massa-
