1B72.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2045
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending that
motion the Secretary desires to know whether
he oan arrange the sections of the tariff bill
symmetrically.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly that will
be proper; unquestionably.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at nine
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 28, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
miami reservation.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported back
the bill (H. R. No. 183) to authorize the circuit
court of the United States for the district of
Indiana to make partition of the Miami reser-
vation to Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami Indian,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;
which was recommitted to the Committee on
Indian A flairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james f. casey.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 2118) for the relief
of James F. Casey, collector of customs for
the port of New Orleans ; and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
military and naval records.
Mr. LAMISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2119) to authorize
the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Navy, and other officers of the United States,
to furnish copies of military and naval records
at the request of Governors of States for the
use of their respective States, and to enable
such States to complete the history of the sol-
diers of such States who may have served in
any war in which the United States may at
any time have been engaged ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
territory oj? idaho.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, reported back with an amendment,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, House
bill No. 279, to repeal section one of the act to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Idaho, approved March 3, 1863," approved
March 2, 1867.
The bill, which was read, repeals section
one of an act to amend an act eutitled " An
act to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Idaho, approved March 3,
1863, approved March 2, 1867.
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following:
And that section fifteen of said act, approved
March S, 1863, be, and the same is hereby, revived
and reenacted.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joseph lowry.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2120) granting a
pension to Joseph Lowry; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed. '
george w. scwartz.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2121) granting a
pension to George W. Scwartz; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be priuted.
e. a. wheeler.
Mr. BUFF1NTON moved that the Com-
mittee on Accounts be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of E.
G. Wheeler, and that the same be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
frederick a. qarlick.
Mr. DUELL. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from tha Speaker's table the
Senate amendment to House bill No. 497,
granting a pension to Frederick A. Garlick,
of Cortland county, New York.
No objection being made, the amendment
was taken up.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the word "commence," in line four of the
bill, and to insert in lieu thereof the words
"from the passage of this act."
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
war department records.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Ohio, relative to records in the
War Department pertaining to soldiers from
Ohio in the war of the rebellion ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
minister to japan.
Mr. KENDALL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2122) to authorize
the minister of the United States at the Court
of Japan to represent the Government of
Hawaii at that Court; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on J
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
eureka and palisade railroad.
Mr. KENDALL also introduced a bill (il.
R. No. 2123) to grant the right of way through
the public lands to the Eureka and Palisade
Railroad Company; which was read a first I
and second time, referred to the Committee on j
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed, j
john 0. conner.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee oil the Judi-
ciary House bill No. 1481, for the relief of
JohnC. Conner, and moved that the commit-
tee be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to, and it was ordered
accordingly.
salt lake and oregon railroad.
Mr. SLATER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2124) granting the
right of way through the public lands for the
construction of a railroad from Great Salt
Lake to Portland, Oregon; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
examining surgeons.
Mr. PECK. I ask leave to report from, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, for considera-
tion at this time, a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of examining surgeons.
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. PECK. That is what I want.
The Clerk began reading the preamble, as
follows:
Whereas by section eight of the act of 1862 the
Commissioner of Pensions was authorized to appoint
examining surgeons, whose fee for such examination
was $1 60; and whereas by the act of July, 1864, sec-
tion eight, ho was also authorized to appoint-—
Mr. MAYNARD. I object; there are too
many whereases.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 447) to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homestead's
on the public lands of the United States ;
An act (S. No. 792) in addition to an act
entitled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An
act for the removal of causes in certain cases
from State courts,' approved July 27, 186G,"
approved March 2, 1867 ;
An act (H. R. No. 166) to amend an act
entitled "in act to authorize protection to be
given to citizens of the United States who may
discover deposits of guano," approved August
18, 1856;
An act (H. R. No. 435) to authorize the
President to appoint George Plunkett a pay-
master in the Navy;
An act (H. It. No. 1049) to establish a port
of entry and delivery at the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania ;
An act (H, It. No. 1213) defining the rights
of part owners of vessels in certain cases;
An act (H. R. No. 2043) authorizing an
American register to the Dutch bark Alice
Tarlton;
An act (II. R. No. 2047) to provide for the
exchange and transfer of tsvo small parcels of
land in the city of St. Louis, Missouri; and
An act (H. R. No. 2114) granting a pension
to Margaret Nyce.
.new orleans and chattanooga railroad.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has request-
ed the House to return to that body a bill (S.
No. 251) to amend an act entitled " An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
railroad as hereafter constructed a post road,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,
1868. If there be no objection the bill will be
returned as requested.
There was no objection.
washington aqueduct.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the Wash-
ington aqueduct; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
affairs on texas frontier.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
political complexion of affairs on the Texas
frontier; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to bo
piinted.
massachusetts heavy artillery.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
Irora the Secretary of War, in relation to the
enlistment and service of the first battalion of
