1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Civil Service—Mr. Havens.
Ho. of Beps.
law provides no penalty, therefore oftener
resorted to than sins of commission, bat never
practiced at any point having a Democratic
majority. My colleague has been misinformed
in regard to men hunting all over his district
before the election for evidence of fraud and
intimidation, and evidence to use in a prede-
termined-upon contest for his seat in this body.
I certify that not one cent was paid to any
one by the congressional executive committee
for canvassing in my colleague's district", nor
was any person employed by that committee
in any capacity or for any purpose in that dis-
trict. As the secretary of that committee I
am certain of the incorrectness of that state-
ment as made by my colleague, and assure him
that on this point at least he has been misin-
formed.
Since the publication of my remarks on the
6th of March I have received from many por-
tions of Virginia letters aud affidavits in regard
to outrages by the Democratic party, which
show that they are by no means confined to
the localities to which I have given special
attention in my remarks to-day. I have-neither
the time or the inclination to dwell further
upon these unpleasant topics. I should much
prefer to praise, were it possible to do so hon-
estly. I cheerfully testify that there are counties
in the State where the two parties dwell together
in peace and harmony, and where the members
of the Democratic party show fairness and toler-
ation. I believe the sentiment of liberality and
toleration for differences of political opinion is
growing and extending, and it will be a blessed
day for Virginia when in all localities men
shall cease to be persecuted and ostracised in
business and society because of their political
opinions. God knows how earnestly I desire
the prosperity of my State and the happiness
of her people, earnestly believing as I do that
neither can be realized until perfect freedom
of opinion is tolerated. I do most urgently
beg all good men to unite for the purpose of
securing it. The Republican party only ask
that every man twenty-one years of age should
be allowed to vote once, as his conscience
shall dictate, unless he forfeits that right by a
criminal act. We ask this for ourselves, and
•we will do as much to secure it to our oppo-
nents as we will to secure it to ourselves. I
have only kind feelings for my Democratic
colleagues on this floor. They have at all times
extended to me courteous and gentlemanly
treatment, -which I have endeavored to recipro-
cate. I regret that I have been forced into this
controversy. I regret that they should deny
or attempt to defend the crimes of the Vir-
ginia Democracy, and believe they have been
led into such a course by the force of evil as-
sociations on this floor with the party that for
so long a time denied and defended the crimes
of the Ku Klux. I would (,hat I could influ-
ence them to break away from their present
political associations and induce them to join
me in placing our beloved State in harmony
with the ruling party of the country, and work-
ing with me through the only party that can
help ns to restore Virginia to the proud posi-
tion she once held but has now lost. How can
they study the history of Virginia for the forty
years she has been under the rule of Democ-
racy and affiliate longer with a party which
has brought our State, step by step, down the
declining grade of poverty and ruin, until we
have almost found that "lowest deep," de-
picted in the impassioned language of Milton ?
How can any man who loves Virginia remain
in a party that has brought upon her only ruin,
degradation, poverty, debt, and excessive tax-
ation until it has almost ended in dishonor
and repudiation; whose record in Virginia is
one long unbroken history of blundering roUy
and adherence to wrong-doing? But if they
are hopelessly joined to their idols, as I fear
they are, then let them unite with me and my
colleagues on this side of the House in our
efforts to preyent and punish wrong-doing by
whichever party committed. I pledge them
my earnest efforts to remedy any wrongs my
own party may commit. Let them try as
earnestly to cause a cessation of those I have
pointed out as existing in the party to which
they belong, and in all questions not political
affecting our State I am certain that in the
'future, as in the past, we shall work together
harmoniously, only strivingto excel each other
in the effort to do, each, more than the other
for the material good of the State we repre-
sent, and for the happiness and prosperity of
the people among whom our lot is cast and
with whom all my interests are as intimately
interwoven and as inseparably allied as are
those of any citizen of the old State of which
we are all so proud and all love so well.
Civil Service.
SPEECH OF HON. H. E HAVENS,
ojf missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
April 6, 1872,
The House having met as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAVENS. Mr. Speaker, as the result
of the agitation of the subject of reform in our
civil service system, a commission authorized
by act of Congress have prepared a series of
rules to govern the making of appointments,
which have been adopted by the President as
his guide, and -which we are asked to ratify by
legislation, so as to make binding upon suc-
ceeding Administrations. The change in the
system of making appointments involved in
these rules is so radical, and its features so
new and novel, that it should only be accepted
after the fullest discussion, and with the
greatest caution. We should be sure that
what is presented as a reform is not a revolu-
tion backward ; that what promises to purify
and exalt is not a violation of fundamental
ideas and cherished theories, opening the way
to evils of far vaster magnitude than those
sought to be remedied.
It seems to me that it cannot be successfully
disputed that the so-called reform violates not
only the letter of the Constitution, bat the very
spirit and leading ideas of our theory of Gov-
ernment ; that it is an innovation full of mis-
chiefs and dangers, while it can reach only in
small part the evils at which it is aimed. Such,
lam sure, will be the judgment of the country.
Briefly stated, these rules provide that appli-
cants for appointments shall pass a competi-
tive examination before an examining board
to test knowledge, ability, and general qualifi-
cations, after having first given satisfactory
evidence as to character, health, and age.
Competition is to be open to all applicants,
regardless of political, personal, or'other con-
siderations ; and from those passing the
highest examinations, not exceeding three, as
the board may certify, the appointing power
is to be permitted to select the officer.
I shall first endeavor to show that this regu-
lation is in conflict with the mode of appoint-
ment prescribed by the Constitution. That
instrument confers upon the President the
power to nominate certain officers, and_ to
appoint certain others without condition, lim-
itation, or restriction. It has also authorized
Congress to make certain inferior officers ap-
pointable by heads of Departments and courts
of law; and that power Congress has exer-
cised.
The power to appoint implies the exercise
of discretion, judgment, and will. It is the
power to determine who of all the people shall
fill a given office. But upon this point I can-
not do better than to quote the opinion of the
late Attorney General, given in response to the
questions submitted by the civil service com-
mission. Referring to the words " choose "
and "appoint," as used in the Constitution,
he says:
" Confining my attention, for the sake of brevity,
to the latter word, I ask what does it mean ? If to
appoint is merely to do aformalact; that is, merely
to authenticate a selection not made by the appoint-
ing power, then there is no constitutional objection
to the designation of officers by a competitive ex-
amination, or any other mode of selection which
Congress may prescribe or authorize. Bat if ap-
pointment implies an exercise of judgment and will,
the officer must be selected according to the judg-
ment and will of the person or body in whom the
appointing power is vested by the Constitution,
and a mode of selection which gives no room for
the exercise of that judgment and will is inadmis-
sible. If the President in appointing a marshal, if
the Senate in appointing its Secretary, if a oourt or
head of Department m appointing a clerk, mast
take the individual whom a civil service board ad-
judge to have proved himself the fittest by. the test
of a competitive examination, the will and judg-
ment which determine that appointment are not the
will and judgment of the President, of the Senate,
of the court, or of the head of Department, but are
the will and judgment of the civil service board, and
that board is virtually the appointing power, View-
ing the appointing power conferred in the Constitu-
tion as a substantial, and not merely a nominal
function, I cannot but believe that the judgment
and will of the constitutional depositary of that
power should be exercised in every appointment.
The power was lodged where it is because the
makers of the Constitution, after careful considera-
tion, thought that in no other depositaries of it
could the judgment and the will to make proper
appointments so certainly be found. They assigned
it to functionaries who were expected to have an
adequate knowledge of men and of affairs, to have
capacity for public business, and to feel responsible
to conscience, and to the opinion of good citizens."
The exercise of the judgment and will es-
sential to the power of appointment is unre-
stricted by the terms of the Constitution. It
is as broad and unlimited as language can
make it; and any transfer of the power to
exercise that discretion and will, or any part
of it, to any other depositary than that named
in the Constitution is so clearly a violation of
that instrument that it is surprising that the
contrary opinion is seriously insisted upon; in
fact, I am not sure that the authors of these
rules have declared the opposite view. They
seem rather to have resorted to adroit and
ingenious contrivances to evade the constitu-
tional intention while professing to respect the
spirit and meaning of that instrument.
Let us see if they have not imposed con-
ditions and restrictions inconsistent with the
exercise of that complete discretion and will
which the Constitution  has conferred. Under
their rules the President and heads of Depart-
ments can appoint no one who is not a per-
sonal applicant, no matter how much more
worthy and competent men may be found out-
side of the lists of active office-seekers. This
I regard as not only an unwarranted but an
unwise restriction. But it is not the worst.
Of all who may apply for a given appoint-
ment only three are to be appointable, and
to that number the constitutional appointing
power is to be restricted. To an advisory
board, an authority unknown to the Consti-
tution, is transferred the discretion of select-
ing those three persons, thus leaving the ap-
pointing officers named by the Constitution
stripped of the power to exercise the appoint-
ive judgment and will, and compelling them
to accept the dictation of a new and independ-
ent authority. -
The second question submitted by the com-
missioners to the Attorney General was as
follows:
"May the President, under the act by which this
board is organized, regulate the exercise of the ap-
pointing power now vested m the heads of Depart-
ments or in the eourts of law, so as to restrict ap-
pointments to a class of persons whose qualifications
or fitness shall have been determined Dy twi exam-
ination instituted independent of the appointing
power?"
This question was answered in the affirma-
tive. And this opinion is assumed to justify
the restriction we are considering. But this
