254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
chu setts and set us an example there, and not
excite the whole laboring population through-
out the country by a bad example, by intro-
ducing such a bill as this, which will result in
no good to any save those who receive the
$5,000 annually.
Sir, it has not been very long since every
negro in the country imagined he was to grow
suddenly wealthy. Oh, they were to have forty
acres of laud and a mule, [laughter,] and
every negro in the country, sir, was waiting
for the forty acres and the mule to come.
[Renewed laughter.] And now, by intro-
ducing such a bill as that, you are endeavoring
to delude the laboring paople of the country.
Sir, I call upon the leader of the Republican
party in this House, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to say whether we
have not already got commissions enough. We
have got here some forty committees; and what
does this bill propose? That there shall be
three commissioners appointed. And appointed
by whom? By the President of the United
States. And who is the President of the United
States? A member of the Republican party.
And I venture to say that you will hardly pass
this bill until some scores, or perhaps hun-
dreds of broken-winded Republicans will be
down at the other end of the avenue beseech-
ing him to give them the appointment: and
I have no doubt a majority of them are too
proud to beg and too lazy to work, yet over-
flowing with loyalty and zealousy to serve their
country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, who pays these commis-
sioners? Do members of Congress pay them ?
Do Presidents or Cabinet ministers pay them?
No, sir, the people pay them. And I stand
here in my place to-day in advocacy of the
people's rights, and especially of retrench-
ment and reform, and an economical adminis-
tration of the Government. See how your
clothing is taxed. Begin with your hat; a
tax is laid even upon your hat-band, and on
the leather inside your hat. Your coat, your
pants, your boots, the very nails in your boots
are taxed. And for what purpose taxed?
For the purpose of raising four hundred
million dollars of annual revenue from the
hard labor and industry of the nation. And
yet, with the appointment in the hands of the
President directly and indirectly of forty-two
thousand officers in this Government, you
want to make places for three more.
Mr. Speaker, this is a bill which, in my judg-
ment, ought never to have been introduced
into this Chamber. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] who introduced it
desires to benefit the poor man let him show
that desire, not by theory, but by practice.
When my friend from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
was reciting the articles used by thepoor daily •
laborer he omitted to state that if the work-
ingman deposits in bank the result of his toil ;
the Republican party requires him to put a !
Republican ticket upon I113 own check before I
he can draw out his own money. And yet we i
are told this is the party the poor man is ta
lookto for protection. Why, sir, such a search- !
ing system of taxation never was introduced
into any civilized nation upon the face of the
globe as the Republican party has introduced
into the American nation. This morning I '
cut a piece out of a paper in which there is a
reference to an examination of Robert Con- '
nolly, an English laborer, who came to Amer-
ica to inquire into the difference between the
English and the American laborer. The ex-
tract is as follows: ,j
Iron in a country in which it may be shoveled . |
from the surta.ee of the ground into the mouth of <
the furnace should bo cheaper than in tho-e m j
which it Riust be raised from the bottom of mine* i
hundreds oi feet deep, yet iron in Glasgow costs '
faUeen collars a ton, m iSew York thirty dulUrs a ■
ton. lhHfhfteveijoe in price caused by the rlufcv on (
iron which is needed neither lor revenue nor pro-
taction, but is maintained by monopoly. ,!
,, '.U>B woikinginen of England, through one of
their trade association", recently sent Mr. Robert i
t/onnolly to this country to compare the condition of • I
American worltingmen with the English. He re- |
turned and reported that American wages were ■
higher than English wages-', but that the latter af- >
forded better support. The American laborer is ,
taxed on his food, fuel, clothinst. and shelter doubly; ]
taxed forGuvernment. and taxed for monopoly. The \
British laborer is taxed once, for Government." j
Mr. Speaker, how much time have I left? >
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time is :
out and two minutes over. [Laughter.] !
Mr. BIGGS. I am very much obliged to !
you, Mr. Speaker. I hope to have an oppor- !
tunity, before the session closes, of showing ,
my appreciation of your kindness, on again
obtaining the floor. j
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. !
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles: ;
A bill (H. K. No. 487) making appropria- 1
tions for expenses that may be incurred under 1
articles one to nine, inclusive, of the treaty j
between the United States and Great Britain, |
concluded at Washington May 8, 1871; and j
A bill (H. R. No. 489) making appropriations j
for expenses incurred under articles twelve to I
seventeen, inclusive, of the treaty between the i
United States and Great Britain, concluded at j
Washington May 8, 1871. j
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. j
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on ].
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee j
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title ; when the Speaker signed j
the same: j
A bill (EL R. No. 4-39) for the construction j
of a public building at Chicago, Illinois.
WAGES AND HOURS OF LABOR.
The House^ resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 374) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a commission on the subject of
the wages and hours of labor and the division
of profits between labor and capital in the
United States.
Mr. PERCE. I now move the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Camp-
bell,] to recommit the bill with instructions.
If the previous question is seconded and the
main question ordered it will first be taken on
that motion, and will not exhaust itself until
the third reading and engrossment of the bill.
Mr. SLOCUM. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish to know what will
become of the amendments to the bill that
were offered subsequently to the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. They could not be enter-
tained. It is not competent to entertain an
amendment pending a motion to recommit
the bill.
Mr. SLOCUM. If the gentleman's proposi-
tion is defeated, then what becomes of the
amendments?
The SPEAKER. His proposition cannot
be reached till the previous question is seconded
and sustained. If it id then defeated, no fur-
ther amendment can be offered, because the
previous question partly executed cannot be
reconsidered.
Mr. SLOCUM. And the amendments which
have been offered subsequently to the motion
to recommit?
The SPEAKER. All these amendments are
cut out absolutely by the motion of tbegentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
The previous question was seconded a d the
main question was ordered.
Mr. PRRCK. I rise to close tho debate,
but yield fifteen minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bisoham.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour
begins at twenty-one minutes of two o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, upon the
introduction of this bill my impressions were
; against it, because, in the first place, I sup-
posed that the Committee 011 Education and
Labor were fully empowered to make the
investigation proposed by the bill: and because
further I inferred, not so much from what is
'■ contained in the text of the bill as from words
that dropped in the discussion, that it con-
templated legislation upon the wages of labor,
upon the hours of labor, upon the relations of
labor to capital, upon the distribution of the
profits jointly acquired by labor and capital,
and upon the social relations of the people of
this country.
I am glad to know, Mr. Speaker, that one
of the gentlemen at least of the committee
reporting the bill has publicly upon this floor
disclaimed any such purpo.se in the present-
ation of the bill, and has disclaimed as well
any such legislative power in the Congress of
the L^nited States. That being understood,
the question resolves itself into this, whether
it is wise for the House of Representatives to
institute a serirching inquiry into the educa-
tional, social, and sanitary condition of (he
laborers in this country, the wages of labor,
the time occupied in labor by the laboring
population of the community, and the position,
if you please, of the laboring population in
the body-politic of the United States. Among
intelligent American citizcns, Mr. Speaker,
110 such inquiry is needful. Every intelligent
man knows, as was so aptly said by the honor-
able gentleman from New York [Mr. Si.oct.m]
on yesterday in the discussion of this bill,
that America is foremost of all the nations of
the world to-day in its projection of all the
interests of labor. I think right well, however,
of the propriety of this inquiry for the pur-
pose of allaying the discontent of certain per-
sons who have recently fled to our shores from
the oppression of the Old World, whether they
be known by the name of " International " or
the "Commune." They come hither filled
with recollections of the oppressions which in
this age, as in past ages, have crushed out
the hearts of the toiling millions under the
despotisms of the Old World, and are, it would
seem, ignorant of the fact that here in Amer-
ica the Government of the United States was
organized in the first instance by the laboring
millions of this country, and from that hour
to this has been carried on and supported,
administered and enforced in its wise and
wholesome legislation by that mighty body-
guard of human progress, the laboring "people.
Sir, it is pitiful to hear gentlemen talk
of labor in America being oppressed. The
millions, sir, who have swept away our forests
and let in the sun upon the fertile earth from
sea to sea, across this conrinent: who have
hewed from the forest and the rock the mate-
rial and built the habitations of the nation ;
who feed and clothe and shelter the whole liv-
ing population of America, will laugh to scorn
the utterances of any man on this floor, or else-
where, who talks about the laboring masses of
America being oppressed by American legis-
lation .' Sir, they are the architects of their own
fortunes, the protectors of theirown rights, the
promoters of their own interests, and the makers
of their own laws. They built our fabric of
civil government. They enacted in the fir^t ses-
sion of the First Congress under the Constitu-
tion ol the United States an act which ordained
the total exclusion of the law of primogeniture
throughout the public domain. Thev'luui the
wisdom by this legislation in the First Con-
gress under the Constitution, represented by
men who understood their wishes and had
respect for their wants, to improve upon the
old-time system of England by which the whole
territory of the realm within the limits of < ireat
Britain, under the direct operation of the law
known as primogeniture, has been put in the
hands of the few to the exclusion of the many.
Looking to their own interests, th<-v!onk care
in tha . early legislation to abolish that law of
primogeniture, which sooner or later England
