3838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Section six of an act of Congress approved March
3,1865, provided that "the expenses caused by or
incident to the proceedings of any board of tax com-
missioners shall bo paid by the commissioners oat
of the proceeds of sales which have been or shall
be made by them of any lands or tenements."
The tax commissioners used part of the proceeds
of sales in payment of their expenses, and money
turned over by them to the Treasury was turned
over in large amounts without specifying the par-
ticular source from which it was obtained.
It is therefore impossible to ascertain as to whether
the money paid by any. particular individual as
purchase-money was ever turned over to the United
States Treasury.
Very respeettully, J.W.DOUGLASS,
Commissioner.
Hon. James M. IIaxks,
House of Representatives, Capitol.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a wholly unneces-
sary consumption of time to pass this bill.
We have passed to-day a general bill pro-
viding completely and fully for these cases. I
trust that further time will not be consumed in
the consideration of this case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the' main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Tit 15 A DWELL S. AYJtKS.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a bill (H. It. No. 2891)
for the relief of Treadwell S. Ayres; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say that this bill
refers to a case which has been before the
Court of Claims. The claim is for rent of a
large building in the city of Memphis, the
owner of which, Mr. Ayres, appears to have
beeij a very loyal man. It is desirable, how-
ever, that this matter should be examined a
little further, and hence I ask that the bill be
recommitted and a motion to reconsider en-
tered, so that if it be found advisable at any
time during this session to bring the subject
again to the attention of the House, it may be
done.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Potter.)
If there be no objection, the bill will be recom-
mitted and a motion to reconsider entered.
There was no objection.
JOUN CLINTON.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2892) for the relief of John Clinton, of Browns-
ville, Tennessee ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to John Clinton,
of Brownsville, Tennessee, $375 out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to make good his loss in replacing
money stolen from the post office in Browns-
ville, Tennessee, on the 1st of November, 1870.
Mr. CONGER. Is there any report in this
case?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I will state the
substance of the report. On the 1st of Novem-
ber, 1870, $395 of money received for money
orders was stolen from the drawer of the post
office at Brownsville, Tennessee, the drawer
being, as was supposed, securely locked. The
thief was arrested and twenty dollars of the
money recovered. The postmaster refunded
the balance, ยง375. The committee find him
guiltless of any negligence, and recommend
the passage of the bill. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pii(ebb hepburn.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, from the same
committee, also reported back a bill (S. No.
201) for the relief of Phoebe Hepburn, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The preamble of the bill stales that it is
alleged that Phosbe Hepburn was the owner
by purchase and assignment of the following
bounty-land warrants, issued under the act of
March 3, 1855, to wit: Nos. G989G, 59419.
86157, 88619, 91724, 31558, 67417, 59978,
87277, 91707, 17481, and 95320, for one hun-
dred and twenty acres each ; and Nos. 61881
and 57532, for one hundred and sixty acres
each; in all, fourteen warrants; that in the
year 1857 she placed said warrants in the
hands of Salmon Sharp as her agent, to locate
or otherwise dispose of them for her; that
said agent did sell four of said warrants, to
wit, one of the one hundred and sixty acre
warrants, and three of the one hundred and
twenty acre warrants, and made a memoran-
dum of their respective numbers, and to whom
sold, and placed it among the ten remaining
unsold warrants; that by an accident said
memorandum and the ten warrants were
dropped in a cattle-yard and were eaten up
by the cattle, and, having no other memoran-
dum, he is unable to state the number of the
warrants that were sold, consequently cannot
arrive at the numbers of the ten warrants
j that were not sold; and whereas it appears
I from the records of the General Laud Office
| that wariant No. 01881 for one hundred
\ and sixty acres, and Nos. 59419 and 17481
j for one hundred and twenty acres, being
| three of the above-named warrants, have been
; returned to said office located, leaving but
one of the sold warrants not accounted for,
the bill therefore provides in the first section
that upon satisfac'ory proof being made to the
Commissioner of Pensions that Phoebe Hep-
burn was the bona fide owner, by purchase
and assignment to her, of said warrants, Nos.
69896, 86157, 88619, 91721, 31558, 67417,
59978, 87277, 91707, and 95320 for one hun
dred and twenty acres each, and 57532 (or one
hundred and sixty acres, all issued under act
of March 3, 1855, being eleven of the warrants
mentioned in theabove preamble, he is thereby
authorized and directed to issue duplicates of
the warrants, and to indorse on the back of
each his certificate stating that this duplicate
is issued in pursuance of this act, and that
Phcebe Hepburn is the bonajide owner there-
of ; that she is thereby authorized to locate or
sell and assign the same in the same mauner
as though the duplicate warrant was duly
assigned to her by the warrantee. Thereafter
the Commissioner of Pensions will transmit
the duplicate warrants lo the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, who is authorized
to deliver ten of the duplicate warrants to
Phoebe Hepburn, or her legal representatives,
under such rules, regulations, and require-
ments as to the Commissioner may seem just
and jiroper, in order to preserve as well the
rights of the parties interested as that of the
United States, and upon Phoebe Hepburn
giving such security as the Commissioner
shall require to indemni y the United Stales
against loss in the premises ; and to this end
he will retain the remaining duplicate warrant
on the files of his office, until the warrant said
to have been sold shall be returned to his
office, located or otherwise.
The second section provides othat upon the
final adjustment of the matter, and when the
number of the sold warrant not accounted for
shall be ascertained, then, and in such case,
the corresponding duplicate warrant shall be,
by the Commissioner of the General Laud
Office, returned to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions for the purpose of being canceled, thus
leaving but ten of the duplicate warrants to
be satisfied by the United States.
Mr. CONGER. Is it in order to call for a
division on the preamble and bill? It seems
to me that the preamble should be referred to
the Committee on Agriculture. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the thu d
time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDER YfATSON, DECEASED.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 400) for the relief of Jane Allen Birek-
head and Virginia Campbell, sole heirs at law
of Alexander Watson, deceased, with an
amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Seoretary of the Treasury be directed to pay
to Jane Allen Birckhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, daughters and sole heirs at law of Alex-
ander Watson, deceased, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of 860,000 for property lost, captured,
or destroyed in Florida during the Indian hos-
tilities commencing in 1835.
Mr. COGHLAN. How much does the bill
appropriate? it seems from what I can catch
of the reading that it appropriates $60,000
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The recom-
mendation of'the committee is that the bill
be amended by inserting "thirty " instead or'
"sixty," so as to appropriate $30,000 instead
$60,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. COGHLAN. Is there a report in this
case ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I hold the
report in my hands, but in order to save time
will state the substance of it. It seems that
Mr. Alexander Watson was the owner of a
sugar plantation in Floiida, which was in all
its buildings and appointments, as the testi-
mony shows, the best in that State. It appears
that the chiefs of the Seminole Indians often
visited his plantation, and were entertained by
him. The Indian war in Florida, which broke
out at ihe time, arose from the attempt on the
part of the Government forcibly to remove the
Seminole Indians to reservations west of the
Mississippi. They resisted the removal, and
war ensuing, the Government erected a fort
near this plantation, and soon after the erec-
tion of that fort military possession was taken
of everything about his farm. By reason of the
occupation of his farm by a military force
the buildings were attacked by the Seminoles,
aud they were destroyed with all their con-
tents. This bill has passed one or the other
House several times, but by reason of Mr.
Watson's losses he was unable to come to
Washington to present his claims, and relief
has never yet been granted to him. I ask the
previous question.
Mr. WALLS. Where did this Mr. Watson
live?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. At a place
called Carleton, on the Suwanee river.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman from New York, in the
first place, if Mr. Watson is so poor, as he has
stated, that he could not cotne to press his
claim, how it happened that the hill has
passed one or the other bradch of Congress
four limes? That is one point.
