1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
asking am appropriation to save the harbor at
that city.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Nel-
son & Sperry and 25 others, wholesale liquor
dealers and distillers of Tennessee, asking a
consolidated tax of seventy-five cents per
gallon. „
By Mr. B. F. MEYERS : The petition of
citizens of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, tor
the establishment of a post route from Wood-
bury, Pennsylvania, to Hearing bpring, Penn-
sylvania. . ,
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of F. G.
McCaulay of West Salem, Ohio, praying an
amendment to the postal laws.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of
Governor Seth Padelford and 127 others, citi-
zens of Rhode Island, asking an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the harbor of
Wickford, situated on the west side of Narra-
gansett bay, in said State. -
By Mr. SLOSS: The joint memorial of the
General Assembly of the State of Alabama
to the Congress of the United States, asking
the revival of land grants made to the State
of Alabama before and since the war, to aid
in the construction of the Elyton-Corinth
and Tennessee river railroad from Birming-
ham, Alabama, in the direction of Pittsburg,
Tennessee, through the counties of Jefferson,
Walker, Winston, Marion, and Franklin.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of John 0. Ferrill, of Chatham county, and
James M. Bloodworth, of Spalding county,
Georgia, asking the removal of their political
disabilities.
By Mr. STEVENSON : The petition of H.
B. Graves, David Isumel, and 107 others, sol-
diers of the war fur the Union, praying equal-
ization of bounties aud amendment ol home-
stead laws.
By Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of George W. Bradley, for clothing,
bounty, &c.
Also, the remonstrance of J. M. Willcox,
P. B. Cavanaugti, and others, against a repeal
ot duties on articles successfully produced in
our country.
By Mr. TURNER: The memorial of the
Mobile Board of Trade, asking lor the refund-
ing of the cotton tax.
By Mr. WHEELER: The petition of Cor-
nelius Daly, of Ogdensburg, New York, for
relief in the matter of his contract for dredg-
ing the harbor of Ogdensburg.
By Mr. WHITELEY : The petition of cer-
tain citizens of the second congressional dis-
trict of Georgia, asking the passage of an act
of Congress to refund the cotton tax paid by
the people of the southern States during the
years 1S65, 1866, 1867, and 1868.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition
of 210 citizens of Lawrence and Scioto coun-
ties, Ohio, remonstrating against any change
in the existing tariff laws abating duties on
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country, and praying the repeal of all
duties on tea and coffee, and such other neces-
sary articles as cannot be produced in this
country, and that all duties be so adjusted as
to encourage and defend every home industry,
and to foster the honor and interests of Amer-
ican labor.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. ADAMS: A bill to establish a post
road from Lancaster, Kentucky, via Buckeye,
luouth of Point Lick and bulphur Well, to
Nicholasville, Kentucky.
By Mr. B. F. MEYERS: A bill to establish
post routes from Woodbury, Pennsylvania, to
Roaring Spring, Pennsylvania, and from Cum-
berland Valley, Pennsylvania, via Bear's
Cove, to Flintstone, Maryland.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 21, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
max, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
change op reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill (EE.
R. No. 535) for the relief of Asa M. Trimble,
which came over from the House the other
day, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs instead of the Committee on Claims.
It should have been so referred. I move that
that change of reference be made.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, late soldiers of.the United
States Army, praying for the passage of a bill
equalizing the bounties of Union soldiers in
the late war, and also for an act granting
bounty lands to the extent of one hundred
and sixty acres to each honorably discharged
soldier and sailor in the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of postal
clerks of the railway post offices on the Wash-
ington and New York air line, the New York
and Boston, the New York and Albany, the
New York Central, the New York and Erie,
the Pennsylvania Central, the Washington and
Weldon, and the Lake Shore railroad line,-
asking for an increase of their compensation
to $1,800 per annum each ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Pennsylvania engaged in making books as
printers, type-founders, binders, paper-makers,
&e., remonstrating against the passage of an in-
ternational copyright law ; which was referred
Committee on the Library
He also presented four petitions of citizens
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the passage of a law taxing distilleries accord-
ing to their actual capacity, to be ascertained
by practical men ; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEST presented a concurrent resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Louisiana, in favor
of the adoption of the supplementary civil
rights bill: which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Charles E. Stubbs and others, citizens of
Maine, late soldiers of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, praying for the passage of an act
granting a bounty of $8 33J a month to all
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors for
the entire time served, and for an amendment
to the twenty-fifth section of the act approved
July 15, 1870, so as to permit soldiers or
sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SAWYER. I present the petition of
Lionel C. Norvell, W. B. Whaley, and three
hundred and fifty-five others, citizens of South
Carolina, merchants aud planters, for the
retention of the duty on rice. They state the
depression which the culture of rice suffered
by the breaking out of the war, and the great
evil which will be done by taking off the duty
at this time, and express the belief that if the
duty now be taken off or reduced to any con-
siderable extent, the culture must be aban-
doned, the large arnouut invested in it lost,
thousands of freedmen be thrown out of em-
! ployment, and with their families be compelled
to seek other homes. I move the reference
of this petiiion to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Charles Simons and forty-five others, freed-
men engaged in the culture of rice in South
Carolina, for the retention of the duty on
rice; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance. . . .
He also presented the petition of 1 nday Bos-
sard and one hundred and fifty-seven others,
freedmen on Myrtle Grove plantation, in South
Carolina, engaged in the culture of rice, lor
the retention of the duty ou rice; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition ot Gabiiel
Green and one hundred and fifty-nine others,
freedmen engaged in the culture of rice iu
South Carolina, for the retention of the duty
on rice ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the petition of John
Johnson and forty-six others, freedmen en-
gaged in the culture of rice, for the reten-
tion of the duty on rice; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Rev. J. S.
Garett, A. S. Morgan, and forty-eight others,
freedmen engaged iu the culture of rice on
Cooper river, South Carolina, praying for the
retention of the duty on rice ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petiiion of sur-
viving soldiers of the wars of 1812 aud 1861,
citizens of West Virginia, praying the graut
of a pension to all soldiers of 1812, and equal-
ization of bounties to soldiers of 1861, back
pension to time of wound or disabdity to all
pensioners of 1861, a land warrant ot one hun-
dred and sixty acres to every soldier ot 1861,
and the establishment of a soldiers' commis-
sion, similar to the proposed labor commis-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of surviving
soldiers of the wars of 1812 and 1861. citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the grant of a
pension to all soldiers of 1812, an equalization
of bounties to soldiers of 1861, back pension
to time of wound or disability to all pension-
ers of 1861, a land warrant of one hundred
and sixty acres to every soldier of 1861, and
the establishment of a soldiers' commission,
similar to the proposed labor commission ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented a petition of settlers on
the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas, praying
the passage of the bill (S. No. 558) for the
relief of actual settlers upon the Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a resolutionof
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of an appro-
priation for the erection by the United States
of buildings for judicial, postal, and other
purposes, at Topeka aud Leavenworth, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the formation of
a new judicial district composed of southern
Kansas and the Indian territory ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the papers in
the case of Abram D. L. Payne, praying to
be allowed a pension, be withdrawn from the
Committee on Pensions of the Senate, with a
view to their reference to the committee in
the House who have charge of the case.
The VICE PRES1DEN T. Has there been
an adverse report?
Mr. S1IER.V1 AN. I believe not. sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the p-ipers will be withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. WRIGIIT, it was
' Ordered, That the papers in the ease of B. E.
! Mitchell bo taken from the files ot the Senate and
1 relet red to the Committee on Claims.
j nisl'oll'jv ok committees.
i Mr. AM ES, from the Committee on Finance,
