202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
HQ.'OJF REPS.
Civil Service—Mr. Havens.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
is a great mistake. Only by adroitly pervert- j
ing its spirit and meaning has it beeu made to ;
Sfem to warrant the action of the commis- j
siotiers. If that opinion means anything, it I
means that the constitutional descreiion of !
the appointing power may be so restiicted as i
So prohibit ihe appointment of persons found ,
to be incompetent, and to require it to be ]
exercised wiihin the limits of the class found ;
to be competent; not within the limits of a
portion of that class, but within the whole of
it. If a hundred applicants are found com-
petent upon a given examination, the appoint-
ive discretion may be confined to that class
of one hundred—not to three persons of that
class. Clearly, no more than this is war-
ranted by the opinion of the Attorney General.
The word ''class" does not mean any such
thing as it is assumed to mean by the commis-
sioners, nor could the Attorney General have
so understood it when he responded affirm-
atively to the question 1 have quoted; and
any exercise of the appointive judgment and
will within the limits of the class found to be
competent by any outside authority is an
unconstitutional interference with the appoint-
ing power within the meaning of the Attorney
General's opinion.
But the rules prescribed authorize the ad-
visory board to so tar monopolize the consti-
tutional discretion as to choose three persons
from the whole class of competent persons
who alone are to be appointable. Thus the
appointing power, instead of being limited to
the class of persons found to be competent, is
limited to three persons of that class. And
though the judgment of the appointing officer
may frequently point to one not found among
t.lie three, he will be powerless to exercise that
judgment because a power placed above him
has nictated otherwise. He is thus shorn of
the power conferred by the Constitution, and
has little more to do with making appoint-
ments than to announce the will of a new and
independent authority. And this petty duty
seems to be left him as a sort of pretense of
regard for the Constitution; or rather, per-
haps, as a cover lo conceal the extent of the
inioad upon its authority.
The Constitution stood directly in the way
of the purposes of the so-called reformers, and
their study seems to have been to discover a
way t,o evade or defeat its provisions without
seeming to intentionally override it. While
they have succeeded iir practically withdraw-
ing the appointing power from its constitu-
tional lodgment, it is not so certain that they
have made even a plausible showing of the
authority to do so. In fact, the history of
their deliberations and the result of their
labors are well calculated to convince the
country that the commissioners themselves
were not satisfied with the conclusions upon
which they acted, nor pf their ability to con-
ceal the manifest evasion, to say the least, of
the spirit and intention of the Constitution.
And it would have beeu far better if they had
suggested the amendment of that instrument,
so as to open the way properly for what they
suppose to be a reform, than to have invented
ingenious contrivances to defeat its provisions,
and to seek specious arguments and plausible
pietenses to soothe the conscience for practi-
cally disregarding it.
It is, of course, not doubted, Mr. Speaker,
that the President may make such regulations
as he chooses to determine his judgment as to
the propriety of appointments. Such regula-
tions are voluntary, and he is not bound by
them. But a law to compel htm to act upon
the judgment of others, regardless of his own
opinions, would be a very different thing; ami
it is just such a law that we are called upon to
enact.
But, Mr. Speaker, if there were no qaps:ion
as to the constitutionality of the new system,
the evil results which must follow its enforce-
ment should condemn it. We should be slow
to abandon a system deliberately adopted by
the fathers, and which for nearly a century
has answered successfully the purposes of its
authors. Under any form of civil service there
wiil be imperfections and abuses. More arbi-
trary and aristocratic methods than those to
which we have been accustomed might remedy
some complaints, but in a Government, of the
people, like ours, they would be attended with
evils aud dangers far greater than those re-
moved. -The so-called reform is neither less
nor more than a retrograde movement, a stride
backward in the direction of the less liberal
and generous theories of aristocratic and arbi-
trary rule. The change for which it provides
in the method of making appointments must
result inevitably in the buiidiug up of a class
of professional officeholders, who will hold
their places for life, to the practical exclusion of
applicants from among the people who may
aspire to place3 in the Government service.
While the power of removal is not directly
affected by the rules prescribed, the opportun-
ities for appointments are so cut off, and the
means of obtaining them so hedged about, that
those in office will virtually hold their places
by life tenures. Such was the intention of
those who devised the new system. Their
report, which accompanies the rules, broadly
intimates that a system of pensions ought to
be adopted for those who, under the operation
of their leform, are expected to grow old and
feeble in the Government service. So earn-
estly is this proposition presented, that it
almost seems strange that a recommendation
was not also made for the payment of bounties
to self sacrificing individuals who may accept
office at the hands of the Government.
it is also provided that appointments to the
higher grades of offices shall be made from
those holding subordinate positions, thus more
completely protecting the officehoidmg class,
and shutting out worthy men from among the
people. No matter how peculiar may be the
qualifications of a particular individual to take
charge of an important office, nor how greatly
the public interests may require his services,
there is no power that can appoint him unless
he is found in the lanlis of the officehoidmg
class.
Under no pretense should it be made the
business of any class of men to rule who are
not constantly dependent upon the people for
their authority. Those in positions of public
trust are never so considerate of the rights of
the people as when they are constantly de-
pendent upon the people's will for a continu-
ance in their places. Independence of the
popular voice begets insolence in office, cor-
ruption, negligence, and the arbitrary use of
power, it is inconsistent with genuine lib-
erty and with the Auieiican idea of govern-
ment, aud ought not to be tolerated for a day.
The people are not ready to consent to a sys-
tem desigued to build up above themselves a
corps of professional officeholders beyond the
reach of their authority. They will accept no
such civil service, even though it be presented
in the gilded coloiing of reform and proclaimed
as a sovereign remedy for pretended evils.
They will sweep it out of existence, and with
it any party that sustains it. It is a relic of
European systems—a dangerous imitation of
aristocratic forms which have no place in the
government of a free country.
I have already shown that a system of ex-
aminations is to take place under the direction
of an advisory board, to wliom the discretion
lodged by the Constitution in certain appointing
officers is so far transferred as to authoiize them
to confine that discretion to three persons whom
tliey may select as possessingthe highest degree
ol' qualifications. This regulaion is objection-
; able because it discriminates unjustly against
a large and most worthy class of citizens. It
is proper to construe these rules m the light of
the report which accompanies them, b'roin
that we learn that no line of htne:-s lor par-
ticular duties is to be regarded, the crossing
of which shall determine ttie competency of
applicants for appointment. Only the three
who pass farthest beyond the line of iiiness,
aud have attained the highest standaid of
qualifications, are to be deemed appom'able;
aud these three are to be selected by the
board. The examinations relate, aud neces-
sarily must relate, in great part to educational
qualifications. And hence, under them that
large class of persons who have not enjoyed
favorable opportunities for attaining a high
standard of education will be pract.cally ex-
cluded fiom positions in the civil service. It
is a discrimination against the sons of the
poor, utterly unjustifiable, and which places
the Government in an undesirable attitude
toward its citizens. It is, however, consist-
ent with the aristocratic theory that a class of
men should hold office for life independent of
the people, that that class should be selected
from the most wealthy and favored citizens.
If the good of the public service required the
perpetration of this injustice it migdt be ex-
cused; but it does not. This regulation wiil
not secure the most competent officers. The
student fresh from some seminary or college
will often pass with credit an examination
which would confound many of the most suc-
cessful and useful business men of the country,
and yet be utterly unfit for the performance of
official duties. The school-master or book-
worm crammed with knowledge might pass the
most successful examination, and yet be en-
tirely destitute of the practical ability or expe-
rience necessary in a public officer. And, on
the other hand, there are thousands whom for-
tune has denied educational privileges, and
who would cut a sorry figure before the dis-
tinguished scholais who compose the examin-
ing board, who nevertheless possess abilities
and practical qualifications which tit them for
the highest usefulness.
Among the most honored and worthy men
in the service of the Government to-day are
not a few who, at their entrance upon public
life, would, before aboard of examiners, have
fallen far t>elow many a college graduate whose
practical life lias proved worthless to himself
aud to the couuiry. Some of those whose
memories the country cherishes with the most
grateful pride could not in their early years
have passed successfully the sort of examina-
tion that is now necessary for admission to
the lowest grade of clerkships in the Depart-
ments.
Mr. Speaker, the learning of the schools, or
the knowledge of books, however acquired, is
not the proper test of ability or usefulness,
it is practical lile that develops men. The
education of the schools cannot supply the
deficiencies of nature, nor can the want of it
fetter real abiiny. Give the young man of
genius an equal chance with his fellows in
the race of life, and he will hew his way success-
fully, however severely fortune may have dealt
with him in denying hi.n ihe privileges of early
education. In the practical business of life
he will obtain the discipline and development
which others may get in the less trying ordeal
of a collegiate course. This fact was forcibly
illustrated in thousands of instances during
the recent war. Young boys who had scarcely
seen the inside of the log school-house in their
neighborhoods, mere striplings whose minds
had scarcely strayed beyond the sports of boy-
hood. marched away and for a time were
swallowed up and lost amid the thousands
whose ranks they entered. Hut we heard of
them again. The youth had become a man,
pioud, gaitant, and brave. Lie was a leader and
a commander of men, a guide in the camp, and
