1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2943
The expenses of said partition to be paid by said
band and the amount to be deducted by the Secre-
tary of the Interior from any annuities or other
moneys due or to become due the several persons to
whom partition shall bo made.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior shall
ascertain, by name, what persons constituted the
band of Me-shin-go-me-sia on the 23th day of No-
vember, A. D. 3840, and then shall proceed to
make partition of said reserved lands per capita,
in quantity, to the survivors of said band, and to
their descendants, and to descendants of those who
were members of said band at said date, but who
have since deceased. He shall also include in said
partition list those persons of Miami blood not of
said band, but who have intermarried with a mem-
ber of said band, and who may be living at the date
of said partition. In making said lists arid partition
the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to take
testimony in the vicinity of said reservation, and
to make a record of the same to accompany said
^Sec. 3. That in the partition of said reservation
the homes and improvements of the several persons
entitled under section two of this act shall be set
apart to the occupants a? far as it can be done in
justice to all the parties in interest, the corners of
the several tracts to be distinctly marked and wit-
nessed, and a record kept thereof and tiled in the
office of the Secretaiy of the Interior, and certified
copies thereof and of the lists so made, as heretofore
provided, to be forwarded to and filed in the offices
of the auditors of Grant and Wabash counties, in
the State of Indiana, where said land lies. The
Secretary ot the Interior shall, so soon as said par-
tition is made, cause patents to issue to the several
persons to whom partition is made under this act,
conveying in fee to each the tract of land so set
apart to him or her, which shall entitle the owner
thereof to the use, occupancy, and control ot the
same against all claims whatsoever: Provided, That
after the date of partition the said lands shall he-
come subject to the laws of descent of the State of
Indiana the same as other lands in said State.
Sec. 4. That said lands shall never be subject in
any time to come to any debt contracted, the con-
sideration of which passed, in whole or in part, prior
tothedate of partition thereof; nor shall said lands
be subjcct to levy, sale, forfeiture, or mortgage, nor
to any lease, for a longer period at any one time than
three years(to be in writing in allcase«) prior to the
lstMay of January, 1881; nor shall said lands be dis-
posed of, contracted, or sold by the owners thereof,
underthis partition, prior to the 1st day oi January,
1881: Provided, That the same shall be subject^to
taxation as other property under thelawsof tlie
State of fndiana on and after that date.
Sec. 5, That the members of said band, and their
descendants, shall become citizens of the United
States on the 1st of January, 1881.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was read, as follows:
After the word " made," at the end of line fifteen,
in section one, insert the foil owing:
Provided, That any costs or expenses made by
claimants who shall not be found entitled to share
in said lands shall not be a lien thereon, but shall
be paid by said claimants, to be retained by said
Secretary out of any moneys that may be due or
become due them trom the United States: And.pro-
vided further, That if from any cause the chief of
said band shall fail to make said written applica-
tion within six months next after the passage of this
act, any person or persons interested in said lauds
may make the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was to strike out of
section two of the substitute the last sentence,
and to insert in lieu thereof the following :
In making said partition lists, the Secretary of the
interior is authorized to take or cause to be taken
such testimony as he may deem necessary with the
information now on file in his otiice, to enable him
to discharge his duties under this act. Such testi-
mony may be taken before any person authorized
to take and certify depositions under the laws of the
State of Indiana, the testimony-to be taken on said
reservation.
Mr. SARGENT. Is this partition subject
to the consent of this band ?
Mr. SHANKS. It is.
Mr. SARGENT. How many are there in
the band ?
Mr. SHANKS. About fifty-two persons.
Mr. SARGENT. How much funds have
they in the hands of the Government?
Mr. SHANKS. Some six installments, the
last due in 1879. This does not affect the
funds at all, but relates to the ten sections of
land granted to them under the treaty of 1844.
Mr. SARGENT. This provides that the
expenses of this partition shall be paid out of
the funds due the tribe.
Mr. SHANKS. Yes.
Mr. SARGENT. There are funds enough
for that purpose now due them ?
Mr. SHANKS. A plenty.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman con-
template that under this legislation these
Indians will become citizens of the United
States^
Mr. SHANKS. I do. I know the indi-
viduals personally, and am acting advisedly
about this matter.
Mr. SARGENT. How much land do they
get under this bill 1
Mr. SHANKS. Ten sections, to be divided
between fifty-two persons, I believe, who reside
in the district of my colleague, [Mr. Tyner.]
Mr. TYNER. ] desire to say to the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who has
raised some inquiries in regard to this bill, that
the land involved, the title of which is to be
settled, embraces ten sections. The aggregate
amount due from the United States to the Mi-
ami Indians of Indiana, numbering about, three
hundred, is something over two hundred and
twenty thousand dollars. The fifty-two per-
sons who are interested in this land constitute
but one fourth of the aggregate number of
those who are to draw this principal at the
expiration of about nine years; so that there
will be over fifty thousand dollars, with ac-
crued interest, belonging to the fifty-two per-
sons who are interested in this land, to pay
the expenses of this partition.
1 desire to say, in addition, that the ten sec-
tions of land referred to in the bill are situate
in my district, and that this measure is the
result of an agreement between various claim-
ants to the land to settle a title which has been
in dispute for nearly forty years. I hope the
House will not hesitate a moment to pass the
bill.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Indiana whether this bill and
the amendments conform to the treaty of 1854
and the amendments of the Senate thereto in
relation to the disposition of the land and funds
of the western Miamies?
Mr. SHANKS. The bill has no relation at
all to the funds of the western Miamies or of the
eastern Miamies. It relates only to the ten sec-
tions of laud ceded by a treaty of November
6, 1838, to Me-to-si-nia, the father of Me-shin-
go-me-sia. On the death of Me-to-si-nia, Me-
shin-go-me-sia became chief of this band ; and
by a subsequent treaty of November 28, 1840,
the same ten sections of land were ceded to
Me-siiin-go-tne-sia in trust for his band.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. The bill relates only
to those ten sections?
Mr. SHANKS. That is all.
Mr. TYNER. The ten sections of land re-
ferred to in this bill are situate in the State
of Indiana, not in Kansas, where are the lands
referred to in the treaty of 1854. This is
simply a reservation to a .band of the original
tribe of Miami Indians who reside in Indiana,
and it is a reservation provided for by stipu
lation of the treaty of 1848. The stipulations
of the treaty of 1848 have not been in any way
varied by the treaty of 1854.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. Then this does not
affect the western lands.
Mr. TYNER. Not in any way.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
second amendment of the committee, and it
was agreed to.
The substitute, as amended, was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
tlie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to amend the title
of the bill just passed by striking out "circuit
court" and inserting " Secretary of the Inte-
rior so that the title will read: "A bill to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
make partition of the reservation to Me-shin-
go-me-sia, a Miami Indian."
The amendment was agreed to.
new york indian lands in kansas.
Mr. SHANKS also, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back with an amend-
ment the bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide for
the sale of certain New York Indian lands in
Kansas.
The bill, which was read, provides that those
persons, being heads of families or single per-
sons over twenty-one years of age, who have
made settlement and improvement upon and
are bona fide claimants of and occupants of,
either in person or by tenants, the lands in
Kansas which were allotted to certain New
York Indians, and for which certificates of
allotment dated the 14th day of September,
1860, for three hundred and twenty acres of
land, each, were issued to thirty-two of those
Indians, shall be authorized and permitted to
enter and purchase at the proper land office
the lands so occupied by them, in tracts not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, ac-
cording to the Government surveys, on paying
therefor in lawful money of the United States
$2 50 an acre, and patents shall issue to
them therefor as in other cases; and the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall prescribe such reg-
ulations as may be necessary, to carry this act
into effect according to the intent thereof, and
such entries shall be made within one year
from the time such regulations shall be pro-
mulgated, and the moneys that shall arise from
such sales shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States, in trust for and to be paid
to said Indians, holders of said certificates,
their heirs or legal representatives, upon satis-
factory proof ot their identity to the Secretary
of the Interior, at any time within two years
from the passage of this act; and in case such
proof is not made within the time specified,
then the proceeds of such sales, or so much
thereof as shall not have been paid under
the provisions of this act, shall become a part
of the public moneys of the United States.
But any Indian to whom any of the certificates
was issued, and who is now occupying the
land allotted thereby, is to be entitled to
receive a patent therefor.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
In lines fifteen and sixteen, strike out "$2 50" and
insert "$3 75;" and in line twenty-six strike out
" two" and insert " five."
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alienation of miami indian ltnds.
Mr. SHANKS, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1841) author-
izing the removal of restrictions "upon the
alienation of certain Miami Indian lands in
the State of Kansas, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
i Legislature of the State of Kansas is hereby
] authorized to remove the restrictions against
the liability to leases, alienation, levy, sale,
execution, and forfeiture of lands in said State,
patented under and in pursuance of the second
article of the treaty of June 5, 1854, between
the Miami Indians and the United States.
The amendment was read as follows :
Add to line eight, after the word "States,'' the
following:
And Congress hereby assents to the removal ot suen
restrictions as provided by joint resolution ot lvan-
sas, approved March 1, 1872, provided such removal
shall not be made or take effect as to any ot said
lands while the title thereto remains in the patentee
of the same, or his or her descendants, not citizens of
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
