1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
must abolish, or primogeniture will abolish
England, with its throne and scepter. Let
those gentlemen who talk thus of the Ameri-
can laborer learn a lesson from this first legis-
lation of Congress, which declared that Eng-
land's law of primogeniture was forever ex-
cluded from the public domain of the United
States, and in its stead provided the wise and
comprehensive provision that throughout the
public domain, when any person should die
intestate seized of lands therein, the same
should descend, share and share alike, to the
children of his house, or his next of kin of
equal blood. There stands the answer of
America in one of her first acts of legislation
to this babble about not caring for or looking
after the interests of labor.
Gentlemen also talk here of the tariff.
Everybody knows that the need of just such
tariff regulation m the interests of labor was
one of the immediate producing causes of our
national Revolution. The gentleman, my col-
league, [Mr. Campbell,] talks about the tax
on the nail in his coffin. But for the result of
our Revolution and legislation the gentleman
would not have been permitted to have a nail
for his coffin unless he carried it three thou-
sand miles across the sea and paid tribute
upon it to a foreign country. The people hav-
ing achieved their independence, very wisely
proceeded in the First Congress, as we have
seen, to legislate not only for their own inter-
ests in the public lands, and for their equal
distribution as far as possible, but to legislate
in the interests of labor by declaring that it was
needful for the protection as well as forthe de-
velopment of American industry to impose
duties upon foreign imports.
Mr. Speaker, some of the gentlemen who
have spoken in this debate seem to go back
upon the record of America from the first Con-
gress under the Constitution to this. What
Administration, from Washington to Grant,
ever dared to recommend in any message, by
whatever party name he might be called, any
repeal of this old-time system of American
legislation? I know the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] and myself differ as to the
extent to which this system should be carried ;
but that is a difference only in degree, not in
principle.
My friend [Mr. Cox] told us on yesterday,
to illustrate his argument, that you should
have but three dollars per ton of duty upon
pig iron, for example. Yet if you lay a duty
at all, according to the logic of gentlemen
you are legislating in the interest of capital
and to the hurt of labor. There is no getting
away from that. This logic of fact is too
strong for the glittering fence of rhetoric of
any gentleman on this floor. The principle,
the American principle of protection to Amer-
ican industry, is adhered to so long as you
impose any duty on imported foreign produc-
tions in every case where like productions are
produced in the United States. There is, there
can be, no question about that.
I stand for all judicious and needful reforms
in the system, but I stand with the people
against its abolition in the interests of.foreign
capital and foreign production, to the damage
of American capital and American produc-
tion.
Sir, I have no fears about the results of the
proposed investigation. I am perfectly will-
ing an investigation should be made. Let the
whole record of America be made as clear as
sunlight to the oppressed of other lands who
have sought a shelter upon these shores, and
they will come to understand, what intelligent
Americans everywhere understand, that it is
the pride and the boast of America that here
for the first time, by the directintervention of
law, has been secured a fair day's wages for a
fair day's work. I stand by the old-time
American system, whatever these deluded men,
who are now for the first time in our midst,
calling themselves International or Commune,
may advocate. Our people are intelligent.
Let this commission inquire on that point, as
required by the bill, and the fact will be made
to appear. The people of the United States
know their rights, and, knowing, dare main-
tain them. They are not oppressed, and they
know it.
Let this commission inquire, and let the fact
be made to appear, that under the operations
of this American system to which I have re-
ferred, within the limits of my own State,
for example, with about thirty-nine thousand
square miles of territory, and not more than
twenty-seven hundred thousand people, there
are to-day more freeholders, more men who
have a permanent stake in the soil, than there
are in the island of Great Britain, with about
eighty thousand square miles of territory and
her twenty-seven million people.
Sir, facts like these constitute the logic of the
argument in the discussion of American affairs.
Let the inquiry go on. When the commission
comes to inquire as to the relations of labor
in this country, let the answer go out to all
the listening nations of the Old World, that the
relations of labor in America are simply these:
that labor is America, that America is a nation
of laborers; and let them, in the light of that
utterance, understand the significance of the
words in the text of our Constitution, that
" neither the United States, nor any State of
this Union, shall grant any title of nobility."
Let them understand, in the light of the facts
touching labor in this country, that the only
nobility tolerated or recognized in America
under American law is that nobility which
springs from the honest toil of brain, or heart, or
hand. Let it be understood all over the world
that the only nobleman to be recognized in
America under American law is the man who
finds out and faithfully performs his d uty to him-
self, his country, and his race; who by his hon-
est toil, if you please, makes a blade of grass
grow where none grew before. Let it be under-
stood that the great body of our people are of
the nobility bora of honest toil; that they are
the men who cover your plains year by year
with fields of golden grain, who clothe your
mountains to their very summits with the pur-
ple vine; that they are the men who unearth
the immense mineral masses imbedded in your
mountains, and, amid the darkness that broods
over the blast of the furnace and the rolling of
the wheel, mold them by the good hands of their
genius into forms of strength, and use, and
beauty. Let the investigation go on, and re-
veal to the world the fact that the only con-
dition possible to America in consonance with
the Constitution of the United States is that
just condition of things which assures the
developmentofindividual and collective man—
the citizen and the State—and produces diver-
sified labor with fair and just rewards.
Finally, sir, let it be understood that Amer-
ica, having broken every unjust fetter, imposed
not by virtue of the national law, but by virtue
of local State laws, has at last crowned the
Republic with the greatness of justice in this,
that it has secured by the combined power of
all to the humblest citizen in the land all his
rights of property and of person, including his
right to work and his right to enjoy the fruits
of his toil. An American citizen proud of
my country and its laws, I challenge and
demand investigation.
As to what has been said here so hurriedly
in the heat and excitement of debate about
the enormous revenues collected from customs
and by means of internal taxation, it is suffi-
cient to say that they are a part of the price
paid by our law-abiding people for the life of
the Republic. There is no man in the nation,
to whatever party he belongs, who, if he has
a head to comprehend the great mission of
America, murmurs on account of all the sacri-
fice and all the suffering that have fallen upon
this people within the last ten years.*in pres-
ence of the fact that for the sacrifice and the
suffering he has a country redeomed, regen-
erated, and made immortal among the nations
by the virtue and the valor of her people. Let
the investigation go on.
Mr. PERCE. I nowyield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state
for the information of the House that, in ac-
cordance with what I believe to be the general
desire, I shall endeavor not to occupy the
whole of the remainder of the hour, but after
a short time shall call for a vote. I yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Shanks.1
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I am not one
of those members who believe that the labor-
ing men of this country are in sucha condition
that they cannot correct the -evils that sur-
round them. I am not one of those who be-
lieve that the laboring men of this country are
trodden under the feet of capitalists through
the legislation of the country. Butifl didso
believe, I would favor this bill as preparatory
to an intelligent correction of the evil. I
introduced the other day a bill for the purpose
of collecting information which would determ-
ine to the satisfaction of the American people
the facts as to whether such is the case. I
have asked the adoption of that measure for
the purpose of organizing a bureau which shall
collect information from the whole people and
from every part of the country, not only as to
the wages which they receive for their labor,
but definite information as to the amount of
expenditures necessary for their support. I
atn desirous to know not only what the laborer
receives for his labor, but to know the outlay
that is imposed upon him for all those things
that constitute his comfort and happiness.
What the laborer receives is but half of the
subject. What are his necessary expenses, is
the other half of that question. In this free
country the remedy is in the laborers' hands,
while in oppressive countries the power of
self-protection is not with them.
It is shown that in England a population of
13,700,000 persons have an annual product of
£4,000,000,000, which is equal to about £58,
or $292 to each person per year, if it were
equally distributed.
Yet it is further shown, eleven millions of
that population only earn about £38, or $190
each per annum, being about fifty cents per
day, while 8,500 of the population of England
receive £127,500,000, or an average of £15,000
each per annum, equal to $960 each per week,
or $128 50 per day.
If our laborers are in this comparative con-
dition, a correction is needed and demanded.
If such a state of things existed here the
safety of the nation would demand a cor-
rection, and a correction is being worked in
England. A republic could not stand with
such a discrimination against the laborer. An
intelligent people with the ballot in their hands
would not submit to it, and should not. Then
let us have the facts, that the people may see
for themselves and act wisely and well.
I do not believe that the condition of the
laboring people in this country is at all com-
parable to that; but I do say that the sur-
roundings which are now gathering them-
selves about our people will in course of time
produce a similar state of affairs, unless
the people apply the remedy now while they
have it in their power; unless, in the exercise
of their judgment and intelligence, they in-
struct their Representatives so to legislate that
such a state of things cannot come to pass.
The people can only aet wisely when the sub-
ject is fully laid before *hem. It is for ttat
only that this bill is being pressed.
Every man knows that the capitalist will
aggrandize himself if he has an opportunity;
but he cannot do so to the oppression of the
laborer if the people are awake to the respons-
ibility that rests upon them, and the import-
ance of the liberty they exercise in this coun-
try. When they know how to act they will do
it. The whole object of this proposition, as [
understand, is to give the people such inform-
