204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April ft",
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Service—Mr. Havens.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
reform in the interests of the people. The
guise is deceptive—a delusion and a snare.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that bad men fre-
quently get into office by appointment; but is
it not also true that the people are sometimes
misled and elect unworthy men? If the present
system of making appointments is to be con-
demned because of occasional mistakes, why
should not the elective system also be con-
demned? If it be wise to strip the President
of his constitutional power to make appoint-
ments from the body of the people, and transfer
that authority to a board of examiners set up
as purer and more incorruptible than he, and
■who are not chosen by the people, why should
not a similar board be created to hold compet-
itive examinations of candidates for election,
and dictate to the people three persons whom
they may elect to each office ? The power of
the people to elect whom they please is not
more absolute and unlimited under the Con-
stitution than that of the President to appoint.
If the restriction of the reform rules is con-
stitutional the other would be also. And if
more honest and competent officers can be
selected in one case by an examination they
can in the other also. If it is wise in one case
to disregard the reputation which men have
established in practical life among their fel-
lows as honorable and capable men, and trust
to the decision of a board of strangers, made
upon an examination of a brief hour as to
educational qualifications, it would be equally
wise in the other. And the theory of this
report brings us inevitably to this alternative
as the true method of filling elective offices.
An objection most earnestly urged against
the constitutional method of appointment is
that the President may make corrupt appoint-
ments with a view to secure a reelection. This
argument assumes that the road to popular
favor lies in dishonoring the public ser-
vice, and disregarding the popular will. It is
also urged that members of Congress in influ-
encing appointments, exercise a dangerous and
improper power which ought to be destroyed.
And many good men seem to entertain the
opinion that this influence is an important and
desirable privilege by which Representatives
may improperly strengthen their chances for
reelection. No greater mistake could be made.
It is not a privilege, nor is it a dssirable
power. It is an unpleasant and embarrassing
duty. The number of places that a member
of Congress has any voiee in filling is very
limited. ' In making recommendations he must
necessarily disappoint many whom he would
gladly favor if he could.
The unsuccessful applicants for his assist-
ance are always most numerous, and while he
pleases one man by recommending him, he
offends many others whom he cannot recom-
mend. He is often made to seem to disregard
personal obligations, and becomes involved in
controversies with friends whom he alienates
merely because there is but one office to be-
stow upon a numerous throng of worthy appli-
cants ; so that he is in fact weakened, rather
than strengthened by being required to advise
in the making of appointments. There is
probably not a member of Congress who would
not gladly be relieved of all conneetion with
this business if he consulted only his own in-
terests.
But is it not true that his relations to his
constituents impose upon him a duty iii this
regard which he cannot properly shake off?
He is their chosen representative, and they
have a right to expect him to reflect their
wishes in this as in other public matters. He
knows them and their desires better than any
stranger or set of strangers, and is more inter-
ested in representing them correctly. As in
casting his votes upon public measures he
studies their wishes, so in recommending ap-
pointments every interest prompts him to act
honestly and discreetly, and with a view to the
approval of those upon whom he is dependent
for his position. The same is true with regard
to the President. The present Executive has
made mistakes, but his appointments have
generally commanded the respect of the coun-
try. Yet his most virulent enemies have been
made so by his inability to appoint them or
their friends to office. He may well desire
to be relieved of the duty and responsibility
which the Constitution has imposed upon him;
but the public interests as well as the law re-
quire that he should exercise the appointive
authority vested in him.
This report also urges that the old civil ser-
vice system was demoralizing in its effects
upon the people; that party passions were
inflamed and public morality debased by the
furious zeal of men intent only upon estab-
lishing their claims to consideration in the dis-
tribution of the spoils of victory, and that
the real issues were lost sight of in a ferocious
scramble for appointive offices. There is very
little truth in this assumption. Whatever of
warmth and excitement may have attended
our political contests, grew out of the choice
of elective officers, and the same condition of
things will continue until party conventions
and political campaigns are '"reformed" out
of existence by the application of the theory
of this report, so that competitive examina-
tions shall determine the choice of elective as
well as appointive officers. The national Ex-
ecutive, Representatives in Congress, State,
county, and municipal sfficers are all elected
by the people. Their places are legitimate
"party prizes." And while the people are
permitted to choose these, the most numerous
and important officers in authority over them,
there will be parties and partisan strifes and
animosities. The attempt to soften the asper-
ities of political campaigns by withdrawing
appointive offices from the political arena,
and conferring them upon a favored few, inde-
pendent of the popular will, is an ineffectual
and weak device.
And it would be unfortunate if it were other-
wise. The interest always manifested among
the people in the result of elections, whether
it be in consequence of a purely unselfish
patriotism, or of a desire on the part of some
to obtain office, is not to be deplored. Cam-
paigns may be attended with evils—undue ex-
citement, prejudice, andbitterrecriminations—
but they are great educators of the people.
The strife and earnestnesscomplained of make
every citizen an investigator of the issues he
has a voice in determining, and deprives dem-
agogues of the power to mislead. Newspapers
are read in every family, and in every neigh-
borhood are to be found men thoroughly fa-
miliar with all important public questions, and
competent for almost any official station.
The reverse of this was forcibly illustrated
in the South previous to the rebellion, when
the slave aristocracy monopolized the control
of publifi affairs. A sort of proscription was
enforced against the common classes, by which
they were practically excluded from participa-
tion in public affairs, and from attaining offi-
cial stations. They consequently lacked an
effective stimulus to inquiry and investiga-
tion, were poorly informed upon public ques-
tions, and were the easy victims of passion,
prejudice, and misrepresentation. If the South
had been an open arena for free discussion
and free competition for the rewards and
honors of official stations, these people could
never have been misled into a criminal rebel-
lion in the interests of an institution that only
oppressed and degraded them.
It is an inexcusable mistake to insist that
those whose zeal and enthusiasm inspire warm
and earnest, and even bitter contests for polit-
ical victories are "perverting elections" and
"debasing public morals." However eager
they may be to secure personal advancement
the effect of their activity is to enlist the at-
tention of the masses to public questions and
to encourage that vigilance which is the price
of liberty and' the guarantee of good govern-
ment. If, then, the "reform" will accom-
plish what is promised for it;' that is, if it will
cut off the inducements to earnest and de-
termined struggles for partisan victories, it is
a dangerous thing, and ought to be rejected.
Whatever tends to lull the people to sleep and
inactivity opens the way for encroachments upon
popular rights, and has ever been the policy
of tyrants meditating the overthrow of liberty.
Again, I object to the pretended reform
because it will affect the different sections of
the country unequally. The young man whose
home happens to be in a State distant from
the capital, and who may aspire to a place in
one of the Departments, will bejpractically cut
off from attaining the object of his desires. He
cannot risk the time and expense of a trip to
this city to compete for a clerkship. He would
be but one of a vast swarm of applicants gath-
ered chiefly from about this city and vicinity,
and who, by force of numbers, would have a
thousand chances to his one of obtaining the
prize. The Departments will soon become
filled up with those who have little else to
do but hover about the capital watching for
vacancies. Thus the remote States will, by
the practical operations of the reform, be
excluded from representation in the Depart-
ments, and the monopoly which the eastern
States in the convenient vicinity of the capital
now hold in the control of the public business
will become more complete than it is.
It is important to the interests of every State
that it should be fairly represented by its
friends in the Government offices at the na-
tional capital. Every one familiar with the
public business understands the disadvantage
of not being thus represented. Under the
old system the rights and interests of all the
States were supposed to be fairly considered
in the distribution of appointments, and they
generally were so. It was a part of the duty
of the member of Congress to see that his
State was not discriminated against in this
respect; and though it frequently happened
that great injustice was done to some of the
States by proscriptive discriminations against
them by the appointing officers, the so-called
"reform" makes it inevitable that in the future
the West will be comparatively unfelt in the
Department offices.
Nor is there anyway provided to regulate
the locality from which postmasters and other
local Federal officers shall be chosen. Only
the three applicants who pass the highest
standard of examination are to be appoint-
able, and competition is to be open to all who
may apply, regardless of locality as well as of
personal and political considerations. There
is nothing, so far as these rules are concerned,
to prevent the filling of Missouri post offices
with men from Massachusetts or California.
The petitions of the people indicating whom
they desire to serve them are not to be con-
sidered, and men whom strangers may desig-
nate are to be imposed upon them.
But it is said that the work of reforming the
reform has been commenced; and perhaps
when the revised edition of rules makes its
appearance there will be less to criticise iu
this particular. It will be found impossible,
however, to materially modify the new regu-
lation if the theory of the report be adhered u>.
One of the alleged objects of these rules is
to prevent the Executive from intriguing to
secure a reelection in the distribution of ap-
pointments. But that object will not be effected.
If the President be corrupt will he not select
an advisory board who will aid him in getting
into office those whom he may wish to have
there ? Cannot a board be found who will be
