384.0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
transport the mail have, in addition, to carry their
own provisions, blankets, and camp equipments, and
to keep schedule time must travel twenty miles a
day, often through snow h-om four to six feet deep.
That since the letting of said contract the sudden
growth of the settlements at Silver Islet, Arthur's
Landing, and stations on the Canadian highway,
from Lake Superior to Manitoba, have unexpect-
edly increased the weight of the Canadian closed
mail from eighty to oue hundred and twenty pounds
each trip, and necessitates the employment of three
extra packers, at two dollars per day, making ninety
dollars per trip, which is double the amount said
AVieliind receives, besides carrying all the mail mat-
ter that could reasonably have been expected to be
transported over the.said route at the time said con-
tract was made. This quantity of mail matter ren-
ders its transportation by packers—the only possi-
ble way—almost impracticable, and the committee
thmk the contractor entitled to the relief provided
for in the bill.
,Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has anything
occurred since this contract was made to make
it more difficult than it was understood to be
at the time it was made?
Mr. SMITH, .of New York. Yes; the coming
of the Canadian mail by this route during the
winter .months. As I understand from a
communication from the Postmaster General,
■who has examined, this case, he is of the
opinion that the passage of this bill would be
more favorable to the Government than any
new contract that would be made.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The iatter motion was agreed to.
J1AKY LOVE.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (II. It. No.
2893) for the relief of Mary Love; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Mary Love, of
Roane county, Tennessee, the sum of $2,000,
for services in carrying dispatches from Gen-
eral Grant to General Burnside in KnoxviUe,
Tennesseec. through the confederate lines.
The bill was ordered to be .engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALONZO SNYDIOU.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, a bill (H.
R. No. 2212) for the relief of Alonzo Snyder,
of Livingstone county, New York.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Alonzo Sny-
der the sum of S250 for the costs and expenses
incurred by him in defending certain actions
for false imprisonment instituted against him
by Donald Campbell, Daniel Mann, and
George W. Randall, for and on account of
the arrest of said parties in the years 1863
and 1861 by said Snyder, then acting as an
officer of the provost marshal general's de-
partment in and for the twenty-fifth district
of New York.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time", and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS C. MAGllUDBB.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2908) to refund to Thomas C. Magruder cer-
tain moneys stolen from him in 1859 ; -which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Thomas C.
Magruder the sum of $1,250 for Government
moneys stolen from him, and refunded by him
to the Government in 1859.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Is there a report
in this case?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. There is. I
ask the Clerk to read it.
The report was read. It states that in 1859
Thomas C. Magruder was disbursing clerk
in the office of the Washington Aqueduct, the
Capitol extension, new Dome, Post Office
extension, &c., disbursing large sums of
money. During the season he was robbed
of $2,500 of Government money in his cus-
tody for disbursement, which he refunded to
the Government. Your committee cannot ex-
culpate him from the charge of carelessness
in not discovering earlier that he was being
robbed. They therefore recommend that he
he paid onehalfofthe amountstolen from him.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I desire to state
that Mr. Magruder has beea in the confiden-
tial employment of the Treasury Department
for upward of twenty years. He has the most
unbounded confidence of Quartermaster Gen-
eral Meigs and every superior officer he has
had during that time. He disbursed all the
money paid for the Capitol extension, for the
Dome, for the Washington Aqueduct, &c. And
though he seems not to have discovered these
robberies as early as he should have discovered
them, the committee cannot deny him all
relief, inasmuch as it cost him his household
furiiiture even to refund these moneys to the
Government.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and parsed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITliD STATES BXPUKSS COMPANY.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
Committee of Claims, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, the bill (S. No.
003) for the relief of the United States Ex-
press Company.
The bill in th§ first section authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue and deliver,
or cause to be issued and delivered, to the
ITnited States Express Company, a joint stock
association, having its principal place of
business in the city of New York, or to its
assigns, new bonds ill lieu of bonds of the
United States (described in the bill) hereto-
fore issued in pursuance of the several acts
authorizing the same, which original bonds
were destroyed by fire on the New York and
Erie railroad on the 00th day of Jauuary,
18G0, while in the possession of the express
company for transportation.
The second section authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the United States
Express Company the amouut which would
have been due upon Treasury notes therein
described at the time when, under the acts of
Congress and the regulations of the Treasury
Department, the notes could respectively have
been presented for payment, or conversion
into bonds of the United States, including in
such payment all the coupons due up to such
time, except those that were due and payable
previous to January 30, 1866, and adding
interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum
upon the principal of the notes from the time
when they could have been presented until
the passage of this act.
The third section provides that before the
payment of the notes and issue of the new
bonds mentioned in this act the United States
Express Company shall execute and deliver,
or cause to be executed and delivered to the
Secretary of the Treasury, such bond of in-
demity, payable to the United States of Amer-
ica, with sufficient sureties, to be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury, as may be re-
quired by him or by the regulations of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. ITNKELNBURG. We have recently
passed a general law on this subject. I ask
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
hard] whether this and all similar cases are
not covered by that general law ?
Mr. MAYNARD. This case comes within
tie purview of the general law. I think this
bill ought not to be passed.
Mr. fTNKELNBURG. The general law
has been very carefully guarded.
Mr. MAYNARD. We passed that bill
because cases of this kind were constantly
coming up. There were cases in Chicago grow-
ing out of the late fire; and it was in that con-
nection that we were induced to look into the
subject and pass a general law covering all
such cases. I trust the gentleman who has
charge of this bill will not feel it necessary to
press it at this time.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. If the gentle-
man from Tennessee is perfectly sure that this
case is covered by the general law, I will ask
that the bill be recommitted.
Mr. ERYE. Does the general law cover
compound interest notes? A portion of those
provided for in this bill are compound-interest
notes.
Mr. MAYNARD. The language of the law-
is: "any interest-bearing bonds of the United
States."
Mr. FRYE. The question is whether that
language would cover compound-interest notes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I shall object 10
the withdrawal of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The facts of
this case have been investigated with great
care by the committee of the Senate as well as
the Committee of Claims of this House. There
can be no harm in allowing this bill to pass.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have two or
three times in earlier Congresses reported bills
of this character ; and I remember a case that
left a powerful impression upon my mind and
which I recall whenever we have a case of the
kind before us. In a ease of this sort, not
many years ago, this House had apparently
the most complete evidence of the total de-
struction of certain United States notes and
bonds. Not only were they represented as
having been burned, but it appeared that the
very ashes of the box in which they were
kept, were scattered on the waters when the
steamers went down. Every reasonable ground
for supposing that any part of those bonds
existed seemed to be totally swept away. But
only a few months later several of those bonds
and notes were found passing from hand to
hand in the country.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The gentleman
will allow me to call his attention to the fact
that this bill provides for a bond of indemnity.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am aware of
that; but we are here called upon to vote for
a very long bill which undertakes to identify
bonds by their numbers merely. There is no
report to go on the record as the voucher for
our votes. Now, I beseech members that in
passing bills of this nature they will join me iu
requiring that there shall go into the columns
of the Globe something in the form of a written
report, which, when we are challenged for our
votes in favor of the bill, or for our silence in
allowing it t,o pass, we may point to as the
voucher for our conduct. What right in the
world have I to cast my vote on this bill sim-
ply because a gentleman of ability and prop-
erty happens to say to me, "Let us pass it?"
It seems to me I ought to have something
more satisfactory in the way of voucher. 1
