2048
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
of the minority in this House, and I have
always contended for the right of minorities
to have their propositiona voted upon; and
this right has generally been conceded. Upon
the most important measures of reconstruction
under the management of the late Mr. Stevens,
in the Fortieth Congress, and of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in the
Forty-First Congress, the minority always,
with one exception, maintained their right to
have separate votes upon their propositions.
I will say, speaking only for myself, that when
these two amendments coming from the minor-
ity of the committee are allowed to be voted
on separately, I shall be content that the other
amendments shall run the risk of the previous
question, asking only reasonable time for de-
bate.
Let me say one word in addition. The
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] said the other day upon this floor—
and I confess I felt some indignation when I
read it—that " nine tenths of the entire oppo-
sition to giving the public the accommodations
which they seek, and which they have asked
for," &c., "comes from the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, which has ample
accommodations now. Nine tenths of all the
opposition developed here to-day is from that
rival company, which is attempting to control
this wholo business."
I merely desire to say, and I say it in a per-
fectly kind spirit, that so far as regards myself
and the other members of the Kentucky dele-
gation, upon whom reproach has been thrown
in one of the papers of the country, we are
resisting this bill upon no such grounds. I
never saw Mr. Garrett. I do not know a mem-
ber of the company. I believe the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company has not done its
duty to the city. I do know the leading man
of the Pennsylvania Central railroad, one of
the greatest men in the country, and as a
personal matter between Mr. Scott and Mr.
Garrett, all my sympathies would be with Mr.
Scott. But that is not the question. All I
want is a fair vote on the amendments offered
by the minority of the committee.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish to say
one word in reply to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. In my remarks which
have been quoted, when Istatedthat I believed
nine tenths of the opposition came from the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, that
was my opinion honestly entertained from
what I had seen in committee, and from what
I had seen here. I do not say, however, there
are not other men who are not actuated by
such motives. I beliove the Maryland dele-
gation take the view in their opposition of
sustaining the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company. I have said simply what my opin-
ion was. I did suppose that the opposition to
this bill came mainly from the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company ; I thought so then,
and I think so now. At the same time I be-
lieve there are gentlemen on this floor who
are actuated by different motives.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to say a few words,
if I am allowed, in reply to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. RANDALL. I hope there will be no
objection, but that my colleague will be allowed
five minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from In-
diana speaks of a great corporation coming
into this Hall, and seizing Congress by the
throat. I know this ease presents the appear-
ance of two great railroads striving here for
supremacy; but, as has been said, few members
are controlled by either corporation. For one,
coming from the State of Pennsylvania, Ihave
taken a deep interest in this question. For
more than fifteen years the people of that State
have been struggling to have some sort of free,
uninterx-upted communication with the capital
of the nation. The people of that State, of
western New York, and of all the western part
ofthecountry who pass through our State, have j
been seeking the same result. We have tried
to get some running connection with this Balti-
more and Ohio railroad, but they have refused.
They have refused to sell through tickets.
They have refused to check baggage. They
have refused to run upon a time-table harmon-
izing with the time-table of our railroad; and
even after we have made our time-table agree
with their own arbitrary time-table they have
again changed their own time-table in appear-
ance to incommode us a far as possible.
Mr. KERR. Allow me a word.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let me go on for the
present. I do not wish to be interrupted now.
We went to the Maryland Legislature and
asked for the right of way to our own capital,
proposing to build a railroad by which passen-
gers would not be subjected to a tax of thirty
cents per head in going to or coming from
Washington. They refused it for a long time;
whether the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company kept them from doing it, I am not
advised. But at last we secured a charter. We
came to the District of Columbia, and asked to
come from the Maryland line to Washington,
and again met the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road in opposition. We came to Baltimore
and asked to tunnel the hill to avoid going
through the city in stages, and we met the
same corporation fighting us there which is
fighting us here to-day. When at last we got
permission and extended our road to Wash-
ington, we would have been glad to have a
union depot with this company at their pres-
ent location, but no such union could be
obtained. They forced us to make another
tunnel and come round on the south side of
the city. When we at last have overcome all
obstacles placed in our way by this unaccom-
modating rival, and come to locate a depot
somewhere near the street railroads, we find
our old enemy on hand to object.
The city of Washington, which is supposed
to be the owner of the land where the depot
is to be located, looking to its own interest, has
given its consent. Now we come to Congress
to get its consent, the same Baltimore and Ohio
confronts us in committee and upon the floor
of the House. Whether it influences anybody
on the floor of the House or not I cannot say,
but certain it is the president of that road
has been before the committee and made an
argument in opposition. That road furnishes
the thought for the papers ; I do not know but
the other road does too. The question is
where we shall locate this depot. The depot
of the Baltimore and Ohio is so located that
all the street cars make direct connection with
it. If you now force the new depot far away
from the street cars, of course the road will
not have a fair opportunity to compete for the
patronage of the traveling public.
When the city have consented that we shall
have our depot at this place, and the committee
have reported in favor of it, the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] comes in and says
we must have the depot of another railroad
there also. Very well; suppose we agree to
that, then the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
'field] gets up and says, "No, we must have
a park there." There are some gentlemen who
have got so far up in the world that they have
acquired foreign habits, and must have a car-
riage and a liveried driver. They are not
willing to drive to the Capitol like other peo-
ple along the spacious avenue; they might
thus come in contact with vulgar hacks and
common people. They must drive to the Cap-
itol through a great park, for which the coun-
try will have to pay at least $1,000,000.
They clamor for this great expenditure every
year. They must have a magnificent drive
to the Capitol to avoid the vulgarity of
the masses on the democratic thoroughfare.
I leave the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] to settle that question, on which
the one gentleman is in conflict with the other.
Then another gentleman comes in and says,
"You must not sell this land to the company
for a depot, because when the city grows we
want to move it further off." The value of
the property is represented by a small sum.
If any individual owned the land a few thou
sand dollars would buy it. Everybody knows
that it would be of very little value if this road
did not want it. In that ease you could buy it
for a few thousand dollars.
But gentlemen come in and say, " The com-
pany shall buy this property; they shall be
permanently located there ; the city shall not
have the privilege, if it should want a park—
if the magnificent ideas of the gentleman from
Ohio in regard to having $1,000,000 expended
on a great park should prevail—the city in
that case shall not have the privilege of getting
the property back."
Now, if you will only agree about it, if you
will give them the land in fee-simple, they will
be glad to buy it and pay all it is worth; or, if
you are to let them have a lease of it, reserving
the right to repeal or alter the grant, say so.
But gentlemen oppose the depot for reasons
that destroy each other, and offer correspond-
ingly conflicting amendments.
It seems to me, looking over these contra-
dictory arguments and amendments, that the
resulting purpose of the warfare made upon
this bill is to preserve to the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, in some modified degree, its
old and hateful monopoly of the trade and
travel to the capital of the country.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to state
to the House that being disposed to be liberal,
I am willing to admit the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] as well
as the amendment of the gentleman from.
Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. BEATTY. May I be allowed to say a
word?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If a vote is ob-
tained on the amendment as proposed by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxd,] and
also on the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] I presume both those
gentlemen, who represent the minority of the
committee, will be satisfied.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman not
allow my amendment to come in?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I cannot consent
to allow all the amendments to be voted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state what
he understands to be the arrangement now
offered. The gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Starkweather,] who has charge of the
bill, proposes to waive the demand for the pre-
vious question, so as'to include within it the
amendments offered by the minority of the
committee, the gentleman from Vermont and
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CO*X. I object to that arrangement
unless the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Beatty] is included. That is a
most valuable amendment and I want to have
an opportunity to vote for it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Ihave offered to
admit the two amendments proposed by the
minority of the committee, presuming that gen-
tlemen on the other side would be satisfied
with that arrangement. But gentlemen still
object. I do not see, therefore, that any
arrangement can be made.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Starkweather,] after having
permitted the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] to occupy ten minute's, now
allow me to say a word ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have offered to
allow time for discussion to gentlemen on the
other side.
Mr. DAWES. But those gentlemen repre-
sent two different railroads.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Those gentlemen
on the other side profess to represent the same
as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] is representing.
Mr. DAWES. I only want to know if I
may be allowed to occupy five minutes.
