1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2945
should be by open competition and in limited
quantities upon the ground; and I am in-
formed by authority that the land brought
over fifty per cent, above the appraisement,
which was a very fair premium.
Mr. CONGER. Those were pine lands,
very valuable lands, and there was great
competition.
Mr. BURDETT. As to that matter, it is
proper to say that provision for purchase at
the appraisement is only made in aid and for
the benefit of the actual bona fids settlers upon
the laud. As to all the balance of the lands,
provision is made in the bill that they shall be
sold, on sealed bids, to the highest bidder.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to ask the gentleman a question. Does the
bill provide that this land shall not be sold for
less than its appraised value?
Mr. BURDETT. That is provided for in
two sections. It is amply provided for.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That is
right.
Mr. BURDETT. It is distinctly provided
that neither at private sale nor on sealed bid
shall the land be sold at less than its appraised
value.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
the bill.
Mr. BURDETT. I now call the previous
question upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third" reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 174) repealing the duty
on tea and coffee.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871.
REMOVAL OF THE FLATHEAD INDIANS.
Mr. BURDETT also, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2624) to provide for the removal-of the Flat-
head and other Indians from the Bitter Root
valley, in the Territory of Montana ; which
was read a first and second time.
• Mr. SARGENT. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
A bill to provide for the removal of the Flathead
ana other Indians from the Bitter Root vallfs', in
the Territory of Montana.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Revresenta-
1Ui'ted States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That it shall be the duty of the President, as
soon as practicable, to remove the Flathead Indians,
(whether of full or mixed bloods J and all other In-
dians connected with said tribe and recognized as
members thereof, from the Bitter Root valley, in
tne territory of Montana, to the general reservation
In saic* territory, (commonly known as the Jocko
reservation,) which, by a treaty concluded at Hell
<Mte, in the Bitter Boot, valley, July 10, 1855, and
ratified by the Senate March 8, 1859, between the
omtect btates and the confederated tribes of Fiat-
neaa, Kootenai, and Pend d'Oreille Indians, was
sec apart and reserved for the use and occupation
01 said confederated tribes ,* and to defray the ex-
ns?| of said removal, and to aid in the subsistence
oi said Indians during the first year, there shall be
- under the direction of the Secretary of
ae Interior, a sum not exceeding $5,000, whenever
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 185.
an appropriation shall be made for that purpose,
the same to be r^mbursed to the United States as
hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. That as soon as practicable after the pas-
sage of this act, the surveyor general of Montana
Territory shall cause to be surveyed, as other public
lands of the United States are surveyed, the lands
in the Bitter Creek valley lying above the Lo-Lo
fork of the Bitter Root river, and said lands shall
be open to settlement and shall be sold in legal sub-
divisions to actual settlers only, the same being
citizens of the United States or haying duly declared
their intention to become such citizens, said settlers
being heads of families or over twenty-one years
of age, in quantities not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres to each settler, at the price of $1 25
per acre, payment to be made in cash within
twenty-one months from the date of settlement
or of the passage of this act. The sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections of said lands shall be reserved
for school purposes in the manner provided by
law. Town sites in said valley may be reserved
and entered as provided by law: Provided, That
no more than fifteen townships of the lands so sur-
veyed shall be deemed to be subject to the pro-
visions of this act: And provided further. That none
of the lands in said valley above the Lo-Lo fork
shall be open to settlement under the homestead
and preemption laws of the United States. An ac-
count shall be kept by the Secretary of the Interior
of tbe proceeds of said land, and out of the first
moneys arising therefrom thfre shall be reserved
and set apart for the use of said Indians the sum of
§100,000, to be by the President expended in annual
installments in such manner as in his judgment
shall be for the best good of said Indians; but no
more than $5,000 shall be expended in any one year.
Sec. 3. Any of said Indians, being the head of a
family or twenty-one years of age, who shall at the
passage of this act be actually residing upon and
cultivating any portion of said lands, shall be per-
mitted to remain in Sdid valley, and preempt without
cost the land so occupied and cultivated, not ex-
ceeding in amount one hundred and sixty acrcs:
Provided, Tnatsueh Indian shall, prior to August 1,
1872, notify the superintendent of Indian affairs for
Montana Territory that he abandons his tribal rela-
tions with said tribe, and intends to remain in said
valley.
Sec. 4. That any actual settler in said valley,
above the Lo-Lo fork, who shall come within the
provisions of the act of Congress of September 27.
1850, entitled "An act to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon, and to
provide for the survey, and to make donations to
settlers of the said public lands," and the acts
amendatory thereof, shall be permitted to establish
such fact in the land office in the said Territory of
Montana, and upon proof of compliance with the
provisions of said act or acts, shall be permitted to
obtain title in the manner provided therein to such
quantity of land as he may be entitled to under the
same. All disputes as to title to any lands men-
tioned in this act shall be decided according to the
rules governing the decision of disputes in ordinary
cases under -the preemption laws of the United
States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
strike out that part of the bill which relates to
preemption.
Mr. SARGENT. This bill has not been
printed. It came in originally as a written
substitute for another bill. My impression is
that some provisions of the bill are not. safe.
I wish gentlemen would allow the bill to be
printed and let it come up to morrow. I
would like to have an opportunity to examine
it. We have legislated upon this subject in
the deficiency bill, and I want to see whether
any portion of this bill contradicts that legis-
lation.
Mr. SHANKS. Has any arrangement been
made for the printing of this bill V
Mr. SARGENT. It has not been printed.
Mr. BURDETT. I suggest that it be also
printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. BUBDETT. I have no objection to
the postponement of the bill if it will not lose
its place.
Mr. SARGENT. The morning hour will
expire iu about two minutes, and the bill will
keep its place and come up to-morrow in the
morning hour. It is impossible for us to
understand what objection there may be made
to the bill from merely hearing it read at
the Clerk's desk. I suggest that the House
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union now. instead of waiting two min-
utes, at the end of which the morning hour
will expire.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the tariff.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to consider the tariff bill.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
consent that if the deficiency bill comes over
frtmi the Senate it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed, the amendments being numbered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put that
question to the House when the bill comes
over. It is not here yet.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want to have
it printed by to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman cannot be received until the bill is
brought over here.
TARIFF.
The motion of Mr. Dawbs was agreed to ;
and the House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the stnte of the
Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair.) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (11. R.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Keluoy] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. KliLLEY. Certainly.
Mr. DAWKS. It will be remembered that
on yesterday 1 had a colloquy with the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and
found some difficulty ill obtaining from him
an answer to a question which I propounded
to him. I could only get that answer by my-
self promising to answer a question which he
put to me. The answer which I gave is in
the Daily Globe of this morning; but the
answer which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Buooks] gave to me. has some how or
other dropped out of the Globe. I suppose it
was because it was not caught by the reporter.
1 call attention to this fact, in justice to the gen-
tleman from New York, fori know he would not
like to stand in the Globe as havingpromised to
give, and then after having got the consideration
failed to keep his promise. I know it is the
fault of the reporters, and therefore I make
this statement in justice to the gentleman. I
understood the gentleman's answer to be that
he intended to " vote for the bill in the main,"
but I see the reporter did not catch it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is what
I said.
Mr. KELLEY addressed the committee in
remarks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. WAKEMAN. In the few moments I
have left of my time I shall speak in favor of
an interest second to none, 1 believe, in the
world. I would observe that but for it the
spindles of New England and the fire in the
forges of Pennsylvania would stop and go out.
I protest against the majority bill on this
account: that it reduces the tariff on wool
twenty per cent. The western part of the
State of New York, which I have the honor
in part to represent, is largely interested in
wool-growing. On account of the insects
some years ago destroying the -wheat crops
which produced the Genessee brand, the farm-
ers in that section turned their attention to
growing wool, and they are largely interested
now in fine wool growing. I submit that to
strike off twenty per cent, at once would be to
do that interest a great injustice.
I am not here, sir, to speak in behalf of a
merely local interest, for I claim that in every
industry upon American soil we are all inter-
ested. I have no sympathy with the men who
speak of the interest of Pennsylvania as simply
the interests of a locality. I claim that they
are the interests of the United States of Amer-
ica. When gentlemen make a fling at New
England in connection with her manufactures,
I wish to raise my voice and say that it is
