1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257'
by saying that I give the State of Massachu-
setts credit., and I think she did what was right
and proper in establishing her bureau and pay-
ing her bureau, instead of coming to the Con-
gress of the United States and asking the
Federal Congress to pass a bill to examine the
social, educational, or sanitary condition of
the people of this country. Such an investi-
gation should be confined to the State, So far
as the State of Delaware is concerned, and
especially as regards the whipping-post, that
is an institution which we ourselves to-day are
proud of. It has only been established for
felons, and scoundrels, and thieves, and rob-
bers ; and to the glory of the State be it said
that 110 man has been caught back at it a sec-
ond time after he has been once properly
whaled. [Lauglver.]
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman says that no
man has ever been whipped the second time.
Will he tell me whether any woman has been
whipped the second time?
Mr. BIGGS. Not so far as I am able to
say. But I may say that we have had quite an
emigfation from the State of Delaware into
the State of Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. I believe I must now go to the
House upon the question. If the gentleman
from Delaware or anybody else says that in a
State' of this Republic founded upon labor
men have been whipped once, and he cannot
tell whether women have been whipped twice
or not, and that he likes that way better than
the Massachusetts method which I have de-
scribed, and if any gentleman thinks that that
is a matter for an exulting laugli or a sneer, lie
is welcome to his creed.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that I have nothing
further to say, except this: this is simply a
demand forlight. It is a demand for an invest-
igation into the question whether the legisla-
tion of the General Government does in any
respect operate injuriously upon the laborers
of the country. Now, who is there here who
dares to say that he will refuse to make that
investigation which is demanded by all the
organizations of labor, or making it, that he
will refuse to make it by the ablest, the most
impartial, and the most competent persons?
Upon these two propositions I rest this bill. It
is not a little matter. It will requite to the full
two years for the work which the bill cuts out
for the commission. It cannot be done at all
consistently with the duties of members of Con-
gress in either branch. It cannot be done to
the satisfaction of the great masses interested
in the result by men, however well qualified or
however able, who were elected as the repre-
sentatives of political parties. I now call for
a vote on the bill.
The iirst question was upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Bukchaud to the
instructions submitted by Mr. Ca.mfukul.
Mr. Campbell moved to recommit the bill,
with instructions to report the following:
Beso/ced bn the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring.) That a joint commirtec of live
members of tho liou?e and- members of the
Kenate be appointed, whose duty it shall be to invest-
igate tiie subject of the wa^es and hours of labor,
and of the division of tho joint profits of labor and
capital between the laborer and capitalist, and the
social, educational, and sanitary condition of the
laboring classes of tlie United States, aiid how the
same is affected by existing laws reg:ul:ttin<r com-
merce, finance, and currency; and that said joint
committee shall have power to send for persons and
papers, to employ a clerk, and to report at any
time.
Mr. Bubchaud moved to amend the instruc-
tions by substituting therefor the following:
Tbat.it shall bo the duty of the chief of theBurea.u
of Statistics, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in addition to the duties now required
to be peitormel by him, to investigate and collect
statistics upon tho subject of washes ami hour^ of
labor, and ot tho division of the joint profits of labor
and capital between the laborer and the capitalist,
and upon the social, educational, and sanitarv con-
dition of the labonns elapses of the United State?,
and upon the beaiing and miluenee of exisurj? lavys
of the United States regulating commerce, finance,
and currcncy upon that welfare.
The question was taken upon Mr. Buuch-
4-2n floTSTft, 9,n "No. 17.
ard's amendment; and there were—ayes
eighty-one, noes not counted.
So the ameudment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon recommitting
the bill with the instructions as amended; and
being put, there were—-ayes 56, noes 71.
Mr. VAN" TRUMP called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hoar and
Mr. Van Trump were appointed.
Mr. HOAR. Does the pending motion give
the committee power to report at any time ?
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOAR. Then, of course, tho vote for
this motion is to kill the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire of the Chair
what the next question will be, provided this
motion shall be lost?
The SPEAKER. The House will then vote
on the several pending amendments. There
are four amendments which have been sub-
mitted and are now pending.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 59, noes GO.
Mr. BANKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to ask a par-
liamentary question. "Will not the Committee
on Education and Labor be able to report on
the second call of committees when reached
in its order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
that can prevent the committee, when called,
from reporting.
Mr. BANKS. This is in the nature of
debate, and I object to it.
The question was taken upon Mr. Camp-
bell's motion as amended; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 7G, nays 101, not
voting G1; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aekur, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Barber, Bell, Bigg5?, Bird, Jaine? G-. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke, Co-
mingo, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland,
Davis, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eldridgc, Famsworth,
Vorker.GetT; (rolladay,Hancock, Ilandiev, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, King, Lewis,
Mnnson, Marshall, McClelland, McCorarick, Mc-
Grrcw, Melctyre, McNecly, Merrick, Mitchell, Nib-
lack, Palmer, Hosea "VV. Parker, Kli "Perry, Price,
Jlead, Edward Y. Ilice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
Robinson, Sp&sions, Shobor, Slater, Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevens, Swarm. Taffc, Terry,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell. Wells, Whitthorno,
"Willnrd, Winchester, Wood, and Young—76.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Banks, Barry,
Beatty. Bigby, Bingham, Anstm Blair, Georgo M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buiiinton, Burdctt, Cobb, Coghlan,
Conpet, Cotton, Crcelv, Dawes, Donnan, Duell,
Eumes. Edwards, Finkelnhnrg, Charles Foster, Frye.
Uartieid, Goodiich, Griffith, Haldeman, llalsey,
Harmer. Georgo E. Harris, llavens, Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Ilnxlcton, John W. Ilozleton, Hill, Hoar,
Houghton. KeUey, Ketcham, Kilhnger, Kinsella,
Lamport,Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary,
McJunkin, McKce, Meicur, Merriam, Monroe,
Leonard Myers. Nogley, Packard, Packer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck. Pcndlefon, Perce, Porter, Prindle,
Kamey, E'lis II. Iloberts, William R. Roberts, Rusk,
Kcotield, tieeley. Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoe-
maker. H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder,
R.Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,Sprague,Steven-
son. Storm, Stoughton, Stowell,Thomas, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Wallacc, Wall?, Washburn,
Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. WiIson-101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Averill. Barnum, Beck,
Bevcridge, James Brooks, Benjamin P. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Carroll, Coburn.DarrHll, De Large,
Dickev, Dunn ell. Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Henry D. Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Poster, Garrett, Hale, Ilambleton,
Ilank^, Harper, John T. Harris, Hays, Iloopei, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Latnhon, Leach, MoIIenry, Mclvin-
ne'y, Benjamin F. Movers, Moore, Morey, Morgan,
Morphis. Orr, Aaron P. Perry,Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Potter. Randall, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Shel-
l.ibnrger, Sloss, Snapp, Starkweather, Strong, St.
John. Sutherland. Syphcr, Dwight Town^end, Tut-
hill, Yaughan, Warren, Whitoley, and Williams of
New York—61.
So the motion to recommit with instructions
was not agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Killtxger, to insert in line five, affer
the word persons," the words "of whom at
least one shall be practically ideniiSed with
the mining interests of the country."
Mr. K1LLINGER. I atk unanimous con-
sent to modify that amendment by substituting
lc laboring "Jbr *{ mining."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman de-
sires one of the commissioners to have some-
thing to do with the laboring men, only one
of them.
No objection was made, and the amend-
ment was modified accordingly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to have the amendment so modified as
to require that all three commissioners shall
be identified with the laboring interests of tho
country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I obiect to that,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentloman ob-
jects to these commissioners being "identified
with the interests of labor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As this com-
mission is to invesligate a supposed contest
between capital and labor, there should be a
fair hearing of both parties. But if the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill does not
object, I will not.
Mr. HOAR. I think I must object.
Mr. PERCE. Would it be in order to ask
to have read the amendment offered by the
committeein connection with this amendment?
The SPEAKER, It would.
Mr. HOAR. I will withdraw my objection
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farns worth.]
Mr. KILLINGER. I renew it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think it is too la te.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must know
that it is a very extraordinary thing to modify
an amendment after the previous question has
been ordered and partly executed.
Mr. EARNS WO RTH. I know the question
has been begging for an objection all around
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will give full
opportunity for objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will ask that,
two of the commissioners shall be identiiied
with the labor interests of the country.
Mr. PERCE. 1 object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then they are to
have but one.
Mr. PERCE. I ask that the amendment
proposed by me on behalf of the committee be
read.
The amendment was read, to strike out the
words ''from civil life" in section one, and
to insert in lieu thereof the words who shall
be selected from civil life solely willi refer-
ence to their character and capacity for an
honest and impartial investigation, and."
Mr. PERCE. That amendment was in-
tended to cover the amendment of the gentle-
man irom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Killixgek.] I
understood him to adopt it.
Mr. KILLINGSR. I never accepted it. I
have no objection to have it go with mine.
The amendment, as modified by Mr. Kil-
linger, was adopted.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Killiu'GER, to limit the term of office
of the commissioners to one year, instead of
two years as proposed by the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Perce on behalf of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PERCE. I ask leave to withdraw that
amendment.
Mr. GRIFFITH. I object.
Mr. HOAR. I hope the gentleman will not
withdraw the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be withdrawn,
objection having been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Cox, to add to the first section
the following:
Provided. That said commit oners shall be op-
pointed irrespective* of political or partisan eoimd-
eration-*, anu from eivil life.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is it in order
to move the amendment J indicated yesterday,
