1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2049
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I would like to say
one or two words.
The SPEAKER. . It is very difficult for the
Chair to assign the floor when nobody has any
right to it. When there is some rule bjf which
the Chair can be governed he never is at a
loss as to whom to assign the floor, but now
nobody is entitled to it but by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I ask unanimous con-
sent to say a few words.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is on the floor for
that purpose, and the gentleman from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Starkweather] asks that he be
allowed five minutes.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Will the gentleman from
Connecticut allow me five minutes afterward?
Mr. POLAND. And I want a third five
minutes.
Mr. BEATTY. I wish to have two minutes
simply.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If we can get
the previous question on the bill and the first
two amendments, the whole subject will then
be open to debate, and gentlemen on the
other side may have half of the time to divide
as they see fit.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let those two
amendments be offered, and then we can have
the discussion afterward.
Mr. KERR. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] will also
be included.
Mr. COX. That is the best amendment of
the whole.
Mr. BEATTY. 1 ask that it be read for the
information of the House.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Under the
rules of the House, is the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] in order?
The SPEAKER. It could not be included
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BEATTY. I -ask unanimous consent
that it be read.
No objection was made, and the Clerk read
the amendment as follows :
Add to tho bill the following ■
Provided further, That in consideration of the
privileges granted by this act, the said railroad com-
pany, during the time it shall occupy said tract of
land, ai provided in this act, shall pay yearly to the
city of Washington such sum as may bo agreed on by
the Secretary of the Treasury and a person to be
selected by the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, and in case they fail to agree, the Presi-
dent of the United States shall appoint another per-
son to act with them in fixing the sum, and the sum
so fixed as tho yearly rental of said propertyshall be
received by said city, and set apart and expended by
and under the direction of the city government of
said city for tho support and reliefof tho poor ofsaid
city; and said city may enforce the payment of said
sum, from time to time, as the same shall become
due, by the same proceedings now authorized by law
for the collection of taxes in said city.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Has not
the city of Washington already granted this
land to this company?
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment pro-
poses an octroi tax ; I object to it.
Mr. COX. Then I object to a
ment that has been proposed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. My proposition
is to include the two amendments from the
committee, the amendment of the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Crebs.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman which amendment of the gentleman
Irom Vermont does ho include ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The first one
submitted ; the one considered in committee.
Mr. KERR. I ask the House to allow tho
gentleman from Vermont five minutes to be
heard on this subject.
Mr. RANDALL. I think both sides have
now been heard, and I call for the regular
order of business.
42d Gongs. 2d Sess.—No. 129.
any arrange-
Mr. KERR. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BEATTY. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were—ayes 30, noes
116 ; one fifth voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HALE called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Scomeld and
Mr. Kerb were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-six, noes
not counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BEATTY. Pending the motion to
adjourn, I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Saturday next.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 27, noes 94.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas and nays.
Pending the call for the yeas and nays,
Mr. McNEELY. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Beatty] by striking out "Saturday" and
inserting "Monday" as the day to which the
House will adjourn.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. McNeely, there were—ayes 31,
noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. McNEELY called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As ail proposi-
tions for a compromise are rejected, and as
gentlemen on the other side seem determined
that no business shall be done, I hope the
motion to adjourn until Monday will be
agreed to.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make
a parliamentary inquiry. Is there not a spe-
cial order that will come up at half past one
o'clock?
The SPEAKER. There is; but it does
not come up to the exclusion of privileged
motions. Gentlemen are making motions of
the highest privilege known to the House.
The question was taken ou the amendment
of Mr. McNeely; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 07, nays 84, not voting 59;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Averiil,
Barber, Barry, Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin
Blair, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell,
Cobb, Coghlan, Cox, Crossland, Darrall, Davis,
Dickey, Donnan, Box, Du Bose, Eames, Eldredge,
Ely, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster. Frye, Garrett,
Get/,, Golladay, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hundley,
Harrner, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Houghton, Kol-
ley. Kendall, Lamison, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, May-
nard, McClelland, McKinncy. McNeely, Morour,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Pendleton, Randall, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Soofield, Sheldon. Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum.Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer,
Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Stevens. Storm,
Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Tape,
I>wight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Van
Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Waldron, Warren,
Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
ggn_97
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Banks, Beatty, Beck,
Beveridge, Braxton. George M. Brooks, Buffinton,
Caldwell, Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Cotton, Crebs,
Crocker, Dawes. Duke, Bunnell, Elliott, Farwell,
CharlesFoster, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Goodrich,
Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Hancock, Hanks, Harper,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Hawley,
Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill,
Hoar, Kerr.Killinger, King, Lowe, Lynch, Manson,
Marshall, McGrew, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin,
Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Niblack, Orr,
Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Prmdle, Ellis II. Roberts,
Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Slater, Sprague,
Stevenson,Terry, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden, Whitthorne. Willard,
John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnum,
Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, Bright, James
Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
William T. Clark, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Conner,
Creely, Critcher, De Large, Duell, Farnsworth, For-
ker, Hereford, Holman, Hooper, Kellogg. Ketehani,
Kinsella, Lamjiort, MoCormick, McCrary, McKee,
Merriam, Morgan, Packer, Palmer, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Piatt. Porter, Potter, Price, Rainey, Robin-
son, Rogers, Sawyer, Seeley, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Strong, St. John, Sypher, Thomas, TutbilJ.
Wallace, Walls, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, and Winchester—59.
So the amendment of Mr. McNeely was
adopted.
Tho SPEAKER. Tho question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Beatty,] which, as now amended, proposes
that when the House adjournsto-dayit adjourn
to meet on Monday next. On this motion the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Speaker, the hour of
half past one, which has been appointed for
a special order, has arrived.
The SPEAKER. But it does not cutoff priv-
ileged motions such as the two now pending.
Unless they be withdrawn, the House must vote
upon them.
Mr. BEATTY. If the House desires to go
on w-ith some other business 
The SPEAKER. The House is compelled
to go on with other business unless the gentle-
man obstructs it with his motion.
Mr. BEATTY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can the motion be with-
drawn after it has been amended by a vote of
the House?
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. J renew the
motion.
The question was taken on the motion; and
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 94,
nays 80, not voting GO; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Barry, Bigby,
Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Cobb, Coghlan, Conner,
Cox, Darrall, Davis, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Eames,
Eldredge, Ely, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Gol-
laday, Griffith, Haldeman, llamblcton, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, Harmer, George E. Harris. Hays,
John W. Hazelton, Hereford, Houghton, Keliey,
Kendall, Ketcham, Ivillinger, King, Lamison, Lan-
sing, Lcach, Lewis, Maynard, McClelland, ileKin-
ney. McNeely, Mercur,BenjaminF. Meyers,Morey,
Morphis, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton,
Randall, Read, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Rogers. Roosevelt, Sargent, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, John A.
Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevens, Storm, Stoughton,Stowell, Swann, Sypher,
Taffe. Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace.
Warren, Wells, Wheeler. Whiteley, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Averiil, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Braxton, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, IVeeman Clarke,
Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Crobs, Crocker, Crossland,
Dawes, Du Bose, Duell, Dunncll, Elliott, Finkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gariield,
Goodrich, Hale, Harper, John T. Harris, Havens.
Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hi 1,
Kerr, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, MeCormick,
McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, Mclntyre, Merriam.
Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland,
Porter Edward Y. Rice, Eliis H. Roberts. Rusk,
Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, H. Board-
man Smith, Stevenson, Terry, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Whitthorne, Willard.
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnum,
Beveridge, Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, Bright,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, William
T. Clark, Comingo, Creely, Critcher, De Large, Duke,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker, Frj e, Halsey. Hern-
don, Hoar. Holman, Hooper, lvellogg, Kinsella,
Lamport, McJunkin, McKee, Morgan, Packer,
Perec, Piatt, Potter, Price, Prindlo, Rainey, Rob-
inson, Sawyer, Seeley, Sla-ter, AVorthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Sprague, Starkweather. Strong, St. John,
Sutherland, Thomas, Turner, Tuthitl, Walden,
Walls, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of r^ew
Y ork—<50.
So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
! Mr. SARGENT. I move to reconsider the
; vote by which the House agreed to adjourn
I over; and also move that the motion to reeon-
! sider be laid upon the table.
: Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not; 1
| shall be compelled to ask for a division.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
nn the motion made by tho gentleman from
Indiana, that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. KERR withdrew his motion to ad-
irmrn.
