1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3S41
call for the reading of the report, if there be
a written report in this case.
Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, we have a gen-
eral bill covering all these eases, which was
passed on the ground that a general law was
needed, I do not see any reason why we
should pass these separate cases. If the gen-
eral law covers this case, let the claim be made
under that general law.
Jlr SMI I'll, of New York. The way to
relief may be so blocked up with obstacles as
to make the granting of relief under the cir-
cumstances a substantial denial of justice.
In this case there were consumed in the ex-
press car $33,000 of the bonds of the United
States. For some four or live years these
claimants of the United States Express Com-
pany have been perfecting their proof until
they have identified the number and amount
and issue of every Government bond in that
whole $33,000. Now, it is no small thing to
require them to come again before die Secre-
tary ol the Treasury anil bring their witnesses
from all over the country. I submit this
Ilouse Ims just as good guarantee from the
reports of the committees, both of the Senate
and House, that all the necessary conditions
and safeguards have been complied with, as if
the Secretary of the treasury had audited and
determined this to be a just claim. And be-
side, these parties it is provided in this bill
shall give indemnity, which they arc willing
to do, so that there is no possibility of any
harm coming to the Government under the
provisions of this bill. I therefore demand
the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to ask
the gentleman from New York a question. The
vety fact that it took four or live years for this
express company to succeed in making out the
number and character of the bonds, to iny mind,
is a very suspicious circumstance. If they did
not have at the time of the destruction of these
bonds, a fresh and complete record of the num-
bers and issue, I doubt whether in four or live
years they could dig out satisfactory evidence
of what, were the numbers and issues. Further-
more, we should recollect that there are dupli-
cate numbers of these bonds.
Mr. SM1T1I, of New York. But not of the
same issue, if the gentleman from Ohio had
ever been on a Committee of Claims he would
understand very well why it took four or five
years to perfect this testimony. It is because
a competent lawyer was not employed in the
production of the papers originally, and they
had to come back time after time to perfect
their testimony.
Mr. MAYNARD. Under the general law
which was passed a few days ago these parties
may go to the Secretary of the Treasury to-
morrow and get the relief which they seek
under this special bill. Let me read what it is
that the general law enacts. It provides that:
That whenever it shall appear to the Secretary of
the Treasury, by clear and unequivocal proof, that
any interest-bearing bond of the United States has,
without bad faith upon the part of the owner, boen
destroyed, wholly or in part, or so defaced as to impair
its v.iiuo to the holder, and which bond shall bo
identified by number and description, the Secretary
of the Treasury shall, under such regulations and
with such restrictions as to time and retention for
secuiity or otherwise as ho may prescribe, issuo a
duplicate of such bond, having the same time to run,
bearing like interest as the bond so proved to have
been destroyed or defaced, and so marked as to show
the original number of the bond destroyed and the
date thereof.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
17, noes 90.
So the llouse refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Tt>.e previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 241.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF CONTRACTORS FOR MACHINERY.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from (he
same committee, reported back a bill (LI. It.
No. 1G98) for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery, and moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole Ilouse
on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported adversely on the
following cases; and the same were severally
laid 011 the table:
Claim of Miss Clara G. Scott;
Petition of David J. Willard, for pay for
sabers furnished;
Petition of James Iveenan, together with
the papers relating thereto ; and
Claim of John A. Montgomery.
NICHOLAS JOSE UBRIJI.MKK.
Mr. FRYE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (II. R. No. *2894) for the relief
of Nicholas Jos6 Merrimek; which was read
a first and second time
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
the sum of $1,700, to Nicholas Jos6 Merri-
mek, master- and owner of the schooner
Amelia Ann, seized by a United Slates steamer
on the 15th day of November, 18(53, and ap-
propiialed to the use of the Government, the
same to be in full for all claims for damages
011 account thereof.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the voteby
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
S. D. COCHRAN.
Mr. FRYE, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2900) for the relief
of S. D. Cochran ; which was read a first and
second time.
The hill was read. It provides that the sum
of $2,000 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of the United States Treasury, in
favor ot'Silas D. Cochran, for services in the
executive office as acting secretary and exec-
utive clerk of the Teritory of Idaho. The bill
in its second section authorizes the Secretary
of the United States Treasury to pay to Silas
D. Cochran said sum of $2,000, as provided
in section one of this act.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not un-
derstand that there is any law authorizing the
payment of that money. I will waive the
point of order, however, if the gentleman in
charge of the bill will give a satisfactory
explanation.
Mr. FRYE. The case is simply this : this
young man acted as secretary of Idaho Terri-
tory for three years, was recognized as such by
Hon. William II. Seward, as Secretary of State,
and during all that time he has never received
a dollar. He is now working in a stone-yard,
while we are proposing to pay him this money.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed tor a
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid oti tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed td.
JAMES 51. 1IAQAR.
Mr. FRYE also, from tho same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation ihat
the same do pass the bill (H. 11. No. 22o'J) for
the relief of .lames M. llagar.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec
retary of the Treasury to pay ouiof any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated to
James M. llagar, of Richmond, Maine, owner
of the ship Ida Lilly, $1,37-) illegally exacted
from the master of tho ship, and afterward
covered into the Treasury of the United
States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OWNERS OF SCHOONER KOBEItT CORSON.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 2895) for the relief
of the owners of the schooner Robert Cotr-
son; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It refers the. claim of
the owners of the schooner Robert Corson
which was lost oft" Ilitteras inlet, North
Carolina, while in Government service, to the
Court of Claims, with authority and jurisdic-
tion to hear and determine tile same, and to
give such judgment in the premises as shall
do justice to the claimauts, according to the
practice of said court.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed , it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYIC moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES W. DENTON.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same commit fee,
reported a bill (tl. It. No. 2901) for the relief
of Charles W. Denton ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, $5,000 to Charles W. Denton,
of Oregon, in full payment of and satisfaction
for the use and occupation of his lauds in
Oregon, and injuries thereto, by Indians, from
1854 to 1860.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That bill makes
an appropriation! and ought to have its first
consideration iu Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FRYE. It has been through the reg-
ular course.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is a pretty
old claim, and L thiuk it will keep till next
session.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Potter
in the chair.) TheOhair sustains the point of
order, and the bill is referred to the Committee
of the Whole 011 the Private Calendar.
FRANCliS A. KOBINSON.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a hill (II. R. No. 2890) for the relief
of Frances A. Robinson, administratrix of the
estate ot John A. Robinson; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Frances A. Robinson,
widow of John A. Robinson, deceased, late
of Independence, Missouri, the sum of $2,500
iu full for the use and occupation of the
deceased's foundery, the use of property in the
same, and damages thereto by the United
States Army during the years 1862 and 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
