2946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
t,h® manufacturers upon American soil who
create iheir products by the labor of Ameri-
can operatives, and carry on their operations
mainly by American capital.
Sir, if you strike down agriculture all the
rest of tile industries of the country will ulti-
mately disappear. Agriculture is like the cor-
ner-stone ot a great agricultural edifice, and
if it should be struck down the other interests
of the country must of necessity go into bank-
ruptcy. When the farmer, sir, raises a good
crop and gets a good price for it he can pay
the laborer who performs his labor; he can
pay also the mechanic and the country mer-
chant, and the country merchant in turn pays
his city creditor; and thus the money is ever
moving about and flowing between the rural
parts of the country and its great commercial
centers. When he has a short crop, or prices
go down, he cannot pay his mechanic, his
merchant, his laborers, and the result is that
the country merchant has to apply for an ex-
tension ot time, and if it is not given to him
he of necessity goes into bankruptcy. So that,
in point of fact, the prosperity of the farmer
is the prosperity of the city of New York. I
wish my colleagues from the city of New York
could realize this to its fullest extent. For
lr you strike down the interests of the west-
ern fanneisyou reduce the merchants of the
city t.o bankruptcy ; but allow them to have
as fair a chance as other producers have, and
they will add to your wealth and the greatness
of the city.
Why, sir, we hear a great deal about pro-
tection. A great deal is said about, the iron
interest of Pennsylvania. Look at the prin-
ciple for a moment. Go to a mountain gorge,
and what is the ore there worth before it is
manufactured into pigs or bars of iron? If
yon analyze it you will see that a very small
portion of its value is the iron ore. Its chief
value is made up of the muscle which the
laborers have expended upon its production,
and in addition to this those laborers have
made a market at home. When it is once
taken from the side of the mountain, that
which gives it worth is the labor bestowed
upon it, which increases his profits and gives
linn bread for his family.
Sir, 1 have not time, of course, in the short
time that lemains to me, to go into the details
of this matter. What I wish to say is that I
am not. in favor of protecting one interest
especially against another. 1 know it has been
said, and said here upon this floor, that it has
crushed out the poor man, while the coat
on his back and the knife and fork which he
uses are taxed. But, sir, by sustaining manu-
factories the manufacturers employ laborers,
and by sustaining the farmer he must hire
labor; and so it is in any branch of industry,
labor must, necessarily be employed. Strike
down that branch of industry, and in a short
time foreign competitors would come in and
flood the market with their goods, and when
once they have driven out the American man-
ufacturer they would establish their own prices.
But, sir, 1 must hurry on to another point.
1 trust that before long we shall resume specie
payments. What would be the result of that
measure if we do not manufacture to such an
extent, as to keep the balance of exchanges
on our own side? How often do we read in
the New York papers that such a steamer
sailed to-day taking out $50,000 in specie, and
another one will sail to-morrow, and will take
out $1,000,000. Why is this? It is because
we import more than we export,, and the balance
against us is to be paid in gold and silver. Sus-
tain American industry and we shall export
more than we import, and the balance will
then be in our favor, so that our banking in-
stitutions can go on healthfully. This is a
very important point, and I hope the time will
speedily come when we shall compel the banks
to resume specie payment, but at the same
time we must protect our own industry, so that
the balance of trade shall be in our favor.
Now, sir, I do not speak in the interest of
one section as against another. Let us look
at the question as Americana, not as Penn-
sylvanians, or New Yorkers, or as Southern-
ers, or as western men, but in the interest
of our common country. Let us stand by our
own country against foreigners, whether they
are competing with us in selling their goods
or anything else.
When we had'our trouble with the South, it
they had had manufacturing interests such as
we had at the North they would have given us
much more trouble than they did. Now,what
I wish to say is, that 1 am not in favor of a
high protective policy so much, but am in
favor of placing on the free list articles of
necessity which every man uses, whether he
be rich or poor, high or low, black or white.
Take the articles of tea, coffee, spices, &c.
Every dollar that we may levy oil them must
of necessity be added to the price of the arti
cle. You can reach the poor man, you can
reach the rich man, everybody that uses those
articles, by taking off the duty from all such
articles as we do not produce. And I hope it
will be done ; I hope that the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kei.ley] will be substituted for the other, and
that we shall amend it in such a way as to be
satisfactory to a majority of this House, and I
should hope to the whole country.
Mr. Chairman, the action of the House this
morning in taking the duty off tea and coffee
has made quite a difference in reference to the
amount of revenue we are to raise from im-
ports. I would not tax an art icle especially
for the purpose of protection Hut 1 would
lay the duty in such a way that incidentally of
itself it would protect American agriculture
and manufacturers. Allow me to ask a single
question of my friends here. The present
tariff substantially was put on for the purpose
of raising revenue. The idea was that we
must raise a revenue on everything, for the
purpose of sustaining the war and paying off
our war debt. When this present tariff was
originally passed during the war, (I acknowl-
edge that it has been reduced some since,) it
was made, for the purpose of raising revenue
on everything, without, any reference particu-
larly to American industry and its protection.
What has been the result? Let me ask gen-
tlemen everywhere throughout, the length and
breadth of this land, wheie is the nation to-day
that is able to stand as we do, with a debt
upon us, and so prosperous and happy as we
are in five years after the close of the war?
What has produced this condition of things?
I do not say it is the tariff, but 1 do say that
during all this time American industry lias
been protected, and the people have been pros-
perous and happy under the circumstances,
and if the tariff has not done it, then 1 do not
know what has; at least that is where we
stand to-day.
Now, if we can, let us stand by all branches
of American industry, and it will be for the
benefit of all classes. I would not tax one
article, I would not make my friend here pay
a tax, without giving back something that
would be a benefit. If we strike down one
branch of industry the operatives now em
ployed in that branch will have to resort to
something else for a livelihood; perhaps go
west of the Mississippi, or in some of the great
western States and engage in agricultural pur-
suits. There should be a fair division between
capital and labor, and a fair division of labor;
that is what we want, and keep the balance of
trade in our favor with the rest of the world.
If that is done we will get on well in spite of
ourselves. For the last five years we have
prospered in spite of ourselves; we have prose-
cuted a war successfully; we are now paying
off our war debt. And if we continue to fos-
ter American capital and industry as we should
do, we will be able to compete with the world;
there can hardly be any doubt of that.
Now a word or two more for the farmer.
One important fact is that, the farmer is now
raising wool in western New York. I locate
it there for the purpose of illustrating my ar-
gument,. Wool-growing fills a vacuum there.
Formerly we had our market in the fall of the
year, when we sold our corn and wheat; and
then wo had to go another year before we had
another market. But since our farmers have
turned their attention to raising wool, we have
a market for wool in July and August, and are
thus able to obtain money before the fall
market, which soon passes to the great com-
mercial center, the city of New York. With
that the farmer is prosperous; every one is
prosperous; every branch of industry is sus-
tained, and the laboring man, as well as the
man who owns the farm, feels and knows that
he is better off.
When you talk to the laboring man about
the tax on his coat, he may turn around to
say, as the man of old said, " Whereas I was
blind, now I see," and say, " Whereas I could
not formerly clothe my children, I can now do
so, and theyare going to a free school." You
may confound him with arguments about
the tariff; he may not be able to understand
them. So it was with the poor man of old,
who could not answer the questions put to
him by the Pharisees, yet who said, " One
thing I know ; that whereas I was blind, now I
see." So with the poor man in this country,
he can say, "One thing I know: whereas I
formerly received so much for my labor, I
now get more ; whereas 1 formerly could not
clothe my children properly, I can now do so
and send them to school free; for my rich
neighbor pays for that as well as I."
It seems to me that gentlemen make a great
mistake in their arguments. Facts and figures
will tell. I remember once hearing of a law-
suit in which proof was made that the water
ot a spring ran up hill. Now, everybody knew
that in point of fact that could not be true,
because water will find its level. Yet according
to the evidence, if you consider that alone, the
proof was that the water from the spring ran
up hill. But when we reflect for a moment,
that water will find its level, we know it can-
not be so. So it is in reference to the tariff,
which is complained of as destroying all the
interests of the country, and especially those
of the poor mar.. I hope that we shall pro-
tect, not only the interests of the farmer, but
those of the mechanic, the iron-monger, the
worker in every branch of industry, and in
every part of our common couutry, remem-
bering that this is one country once more, and
as we trust, is to continue so forever.
Mr. STEVENSON addressed the committee
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Chairman, with refer-
ence to the very important bill now submitted
for the consideration of this House, a few
general views suggest themselves before enter-
ing into any specific examination of its provis-
ions. It should never be forgotten by national
legislators that the taxing powers intrusted to
them by the people are only a part of all
those necessary to be exercised in the public
welfare. The States and municipalities exer-
cise the most numerous functions in our com-
plicated system of government, and neces-
sarily cost the most money to the people, so
that whatever burdens we may impose upon
our constituents are always superimposed
burdens, the State and local taxes lying ever
solidly beneath.
The amount of taxation levied and collected
by the State, county, and municipal govern-
ments of the country is no less than $300,-
000,000 per annum. These taxes, though
chiefly predicated, are calculated in the first
instance upon real estate, and, levied upon the
owners thereof, have, through the connection
of rents, wages, prices, interest, profits, and
other agencies, distributed themselves through-
out all classes of society, so that ultimately
they are sustained by all the citizens of the
