3842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the_ vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES M'GINNIS.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1383) for the
relief of James McGintiis.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be examined and adjusted the
claim of James MeGinuis, of Michigan, for
depredations upon his property committed by
Sioux and Crow Indians, in the Territory of
Montana, in the year 1867, iu the same man-
ner and with the like effect as if the said claim
had been presented to his Department within
the time prescribed by the statute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Whywasitnot
presented?
Mr. FRYE. Because the man was away
beyond the bounds of civilization, and was
sick about a year, and it was utterly impossi-
ble for him to reach civilization to present his
claim within the time allowed by the statute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then it was no
fault of his own ?
Mr. FRYE. No fault of his own at all.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message i'uom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
bill of the House (H. R. No. 1303) granting a
pension to Martha Elwell.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree
ing votes of the two Houses ou the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (EL It. No. 1552) in
relation to the construction of a new jail for
the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted ou its ameiiements, disagreed
toby the llouse, to the bill (H. R. No. 1343)
supplemental t.o an act entitled "An act for
the apportionment of Representatives to Con-
gress among the several States according to
the ninth census," agreed to the conference
aslted by the llouse oil the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Morton, and Mr. Tiitm-
man, managers of the conference on the part
of the Senaie. '
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. K. No. 1541)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1873,
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. West, Mr.
Logan, and Mr. Blair, managers of the con-
feience ou the part of the Senate.
c. c spaids.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2897) for the relief
of C. C. Spaids; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to C. C. Spaids $633, as pay for
his services as second lieutenant of company
A, fortieth Illinois cavalry regiment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to ask
whether this officer was mustered in V
Mr. FRYE. He was not, and therefore did
not get his pay as second lieutenant.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why was he
not mustered in ?
Mr. FRYE. Because his company had not
the minimum prescribed by law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then there was
no law for mustering him in ?
Mr. FRYE. There was no law. Let me
add to my statement that he took liis com-
pauy, and instead of acting as second lieuten-
ant, acted as captain for six months. He
led the company in six different battles, was
wounded three times, and finally was utterly
disabled, and the bill gives him only $600.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Frye] is a man far too clear-
minded and too comprehensive not to see at
once that while this is a small ainouut, the
man he is asking it for may have been and
probably was a most gallant and deserving
man ; nevertheless in paying this man he
adopts a principle which hitherto has been
sedulously excluded from all our legislation so
far as I have known anything about it. To
my knowledge we have never, in a single in
stance, paid a man for the grade of the com-
mand which he held, but only for the grade
of the appointment or commission which lie
held or had a right to hold under the law,
unless by some mistake of others, not his own,
he was kept out of it. In this case it appears
that this company was below the minimum,
and under the law of the United States there
was no power to issue the commission of
lieutenant to the claimant iu this case ; there
could be no such officer as lieutenant in that
company. There was, therefore, no right to
issue such commission, because the circum-
stances of the case were clearly beyond the
law.
Now, this man had the honor of a command
that was higher than that grade, of a command
as high as that of captain. He fought gal-
lantly in battle; so much the better for the
country and for his honor ; so much the better
for his chance for honor. There were hun-
dreds of men who fought in a brigadier gen-
eral's command who were only captains.
There were scores of cases of colonels com-
manding divisions of the Army, really holding
a major general's command, men who fell
while so commanding. Yet not one of them,
from the highest to the lowest, so far as I
know, has ever been paid for the rank of the
command which he held, but always for the
commission which he held, or for the commis-
sion he would have been entitled by law to hold
if all the formalities had been gone through
with.
Let me add one word more. Now, if it had
been right or lawful to give this man his com-
mission of lieutenant, and on account of some
wrong hot bis own he did not have it 
Mr. FRYE. He did have it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I say if he did
not have it in consequence of some other's
fault, nut his own 
Mr. FRYE. He had his commission.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If he did not
have it, under those circumstances you might
say he ought to be paid. But the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Frye] has made a fatal ad-
mission in this ease when he says the com-
pany was below the minimum fixed by law,
because in that case the man could not have
such a commission.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. T think
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is mis
taken. And I think he will agree \yith me
when I call his attention and the attention of
the House to one fact. Every officer of the
regular Army who has been retired has been
retired at the grade in which he commanded
and not at the grade of his commission. And
it was but the other day that we passed a bill
to correct that practice.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend cer-
tainly will understand that that is rather in
the nature of a pension. The law in regard
to retirement is one thing, and a law to pay
for a command in actual service is guite
another thing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
to that. This is not in the light of a pension,
because if a volunteer colonel serving in a
major general's command was wounded he
went home and got nothing; but if a colonel
happened to be in the regular Army while
serving with such a command he was retired
on $7,000 a year pay. It was not as a pen-
sion, but he was retired on the full pay of his
actual command in the service. Now here is
a poor lieutenant who had his command, and
being commanded without his fault, simply by
the fault of the mustering officer, exercising
his duty according to his com mission, because
his company was not up to the minimum, he
is to be deprived, of his pay. I think that
until we repeal the law retiring hundreds of
officers upon the grade of their command we
should deal with this man favorably.
Mr. FRYE. I will simply sa_" one word.
The courts have passed upon a case exactly
like this in every respect, have decided favor-
ably upon it, and the judgment has been paid
a year ago.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is utterly
impossible that the case could have been like
this if the gentleman has stated this correctly.
Mr. FRYE. It was exactly like this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then the court
decided to give full pay to a man for a posi-
tion to which he was not entitled. I ask the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fkye] to allow
me to enter a motion to refer this bill to the
Committee ou Military Affairs, who have in
their hands all questions connected with grades
and commissions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Maine yield for that motion?
Mr. FRYE. No. sir. The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs has been
consulted about this, and has expressed his
willingness that as the bill has come into our
hands it should be passed by our committee.
I have examined it, and I never passed upon
a claim of more merit. I say that this poor
sergeant, who has-served in the Army as a cap
tain——
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Do not come
the sympathetic dodge.
Mr. FRYE. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio, " who comes that dodge" as often
as anybody else, that I will manage this case
in my own way.
I say here is a poor sergeant, who served in
the Army as lieutenant for five or six months,
acting in four or five different battles, receiv-
ing wounds from which when the war closed
lie was disabled for life, who is to-day in
poverty, and who has taken a sergeant's pen-
sion, when he was actually a lieutenant and
had the commission in his pocket. In such a
case as this .1 submit it is not reasonable for
the gentleman to enter an objection to the
claim.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will help the
gentleman to give the man a pension; but I
cannot sanction the principle upon which this
bill is advocated.
The bill was ordered to be' engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, itwaa
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
supplemental apportionment bill.
Mr. WILLARD. I move that the House
agree to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill (H. R. No. 1343) supplemental
to an act entitled "An act for the apportion-
ment of Representatives in Congress among
the several States according to the ninth
ccnsus."
The motion was agreed to.
joseph a. clay.
Mr. FRYE, from the Committee of Claims,
