1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
stages on there now and run around would be
a useless expenditure for the Department and
he no benefit to our people in the West.
Mr. COLE5. I have no doubt if action like
this is taken the railroad companies will exer-
cise a good deal of diligence to put the mails
. through.
' Mr. NYE. Anything to make them diligent
I will vote for. Then the'bill had better be
entitled "A bill to make the railroad com-
panies more diligent." I am for that.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. POMEROY. My friend from Califor-
nia must know that before we can get this bill
through and have it become a law the snow
will all melt away.
Mr. COLE. I do not know any such thing.
Mr. POMEROY. The blockade is gone
now, and before any new arrangement can be
made the summer will be upon us. I move to
lay the bill on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conkijng,]
and the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Indiana
to allow this bill to bo disposed of in some
way. I do not wish to be put to the trouble
of calling it up every morning. I have said
all I wish to sav on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the pending order being informally
passed over? ["None."]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am willing to take
the vote on laying the bill on the table.
Mr. -POMEROY. If there is any practical
utility in this bill, I have no objection to pass-
"^he VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not subject to debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw it.
Mr. 1IITCIICOCK. I renew it.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. HITCI1C0CK. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
a demand for the regular order by any Sen-
ator.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to make only a
single remark, which is little more than a
statement of the want of information which I
should like in order to vote upon this bill. It
seems that it is not a bill from a committee,
although the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia has virtually the permission or assent
of the committee informally to call it up. It
seems to me it is a pretty large question ; and
precisely how upon the facts the Government
and the Departments would be left should the
action here proposed be taken I am not pre-
pared to say.
It seems to me, as I have heard other Sen-
ators suggest, that this snow blockade is what
is known in the law as "the act of God;" it
is like the loss of a vessel at sea; and if the
Department interposes and supersedes the
present arrangement, J am not prepared to say,
I have no information upon which I eonld
reasonably guess, what equities would arise on
the part of the carrier, with whose contract or
understanding we are going to interfere. I
know not with what equities or legal claim this
company will come here asking recompense
and indemnity for the interference which they
have met with.
Now, I understand that, although the snow
has not all melted, the snow blockade is at an
end. Senators assure me that the regularity
of transit has been resumed. Therefore I
submit to the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia that there can be no immediate haste
about this bill; and rather tharr test the sense
of the Senate by a motion to lay on the tabic,
I suggest to my friend from Nebraska, who
renewed the motion to lay on the table, that,
the Senator from California assenting, it will
be better to let it lie and let the committee act
at its next regular meeting and consider it,
which will interpose no serious trouble on the
committee, and let us see first whether there is
a continuing exigency demanding legislation,
and second, whether it would be prudent and
provident abruptly to interfere off-hand, to
terminate or suspend the order or agreement,
because I think it must be an agreement ex-
isting between the Government and this rail-
road company. This thing strikes me, and
I suggest it to the Senator from California.
The difficulty in the case, assuming a default
on the part of the railroad company, seems
rather to grow out of tbe absence of the ordin-
ary mail contracts, for in those contracts, if
I mistake not—and nobody knows better than
the Vice President whether I am mistaken or
not, for I think the statute to which I refer
passed through his hands during his service as
chairman of the Post Office Committee in the
other House, and I ask to be corrected if I
am in error—the regular form contains a bind-
ing covenant that in case of default by the car-
rier there is a drawback, there is an offset,
there is in substance a penalty to be paid by
the company, because the Government has the
right to withhold it. If we had an ordinary
and regular contract with this carrier, and a
default has occurred which does not come from
an overruling power for which no carrier is
responsible, namely, from the act of the pub-'
lie enemy or the act of God, then the whole
case would be provided for.
Therefore I suggest to the Senator that it
may very well turn out upon examination that
in place of abruptly severing relations with
the company, abruptly exonerating the com-
pany from obligations, and assuming what-
ever risk we should by arbitrarily putting an
end to this agreement, the true remedy is to
make a formal regular contract with this car-
rier under which it will be firmly held and
bound diligently to transport the mails, a con-
tract which will impose instant penalty upon
the carrier should default be made.
However, Mr. President, I make this only
as a suggestion. [ confess my ignorance on
the subject, my wish to vote for anything which
is prudent, and which will lead to diligence in
transmitting the mail, and which will rigor-
ously enforce against the carrier the obligation
which he owes us; but I submit that if the
blockade is over it is hardly worth while at
this time, and without making sure of our
ground, to go on with legislation which may
involve the Government in an equitable claim
at least for damages.
Mr. COLE. I regret very much that my
friend from New York has not looked at Sen-
ate Executive Document No. 33, in which he
would see that these railroad companies as-
sumed the independence of declining absolutely
to make a contract with the Government in
order that they may have as much lee-way and
latitude as they might desire.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if the Senator
will allow me one moment, I would suggest to
him that two remedies remain: first, the gen-
eral remedy and right of the Department to
contract with any other carrier, by sea or land,
whom itpleases; and second, a remedy would
be found in such legislation as would compel
this particular common carrier to enter into a
proper and binding contract with the Post
Office Department. I submit to the Senator
that it would hardly follow from that that this
measure was the true mode of reaching the
result.
Mr. COLE. We are exactly seeking a
remedy for an existing pressing necessity.
The advice of the Senator from New York,
that a contract be entered into in the future
with this railroad company that will be bind-
ing and that will hold them to some obligatien,
is very good, but it does not reach the present
emergency. I hope we may have a vote on
this question.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Would it be in order
to move to refer this bill to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nebraska,
to refer the bill to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were twenty.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MORTON. If that is to be done, I call
for the regular order.
Washington's birthday.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator from
Indiana to give way to me for one moment to
make a motion. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Friday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That when the
Senate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet on
Friday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the reason
of that is, that by law we have mado the 22d
day of February a holiday, and all the Depart-
ments will be closed to-morrow. The question
is whether Congress that passed the law shall
itself set the example of disregarding it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know
what my honorable friend did last year upon
that subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the passage of
the law was perhaps an injudicious thing—to
make all these days holidays; but Congress
thought differently, and passed such a bill. I
think we sat last year perhaps on tbe 4th of
July; but I confess I am opposed to sitting
on the 4th of July any way unless in a very
great emergency.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So am I, and on any other
day in July this year, [laughter,] and I hope
my friend from Illinois will agree with me. Is
this question pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, unless some
Senator demands the regular order, which will
cut it off. The Senator from Indiana yielded
to allow the motion to be made. If the reg-
ular order is not demanded, it is in order.
Mr. MORTON. If there is to be any debate
on the motion, I will call for the regular
order.
The_ VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is demanded, which any Senator has a
right to do, the hour of one having passed.
ADDITIONAL PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not in when peti-
tions were called for. I wish to present reso-
lutions of the Legislature of my State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive them if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the form-
ation of a new judicial district composed of
southern Kansas and the Indian territory;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an appropriation
for the erection at the capital of that State
suitable buildings for the accommodation of
the courts of the United States, post office,
pension office, land officcs, internal revenue,
and other Federal offices; also, for a build-
ing for a post office, custom-house, and rev-
enue offices of the United States at Leav-
enworth, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Colorado, asking cer-
tain modifications of the bill now pending in
the United States Senate entitled "A bill
to promote the development of the mining
resources of the United States j" which was
referred to the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing.
