2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. COX. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 88.
So the House refused to adjourn.
security of life on boabd oj? steamers.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past
o'clock haying arrived, the House resumes the
consideration of the special order, being a bill
(H. R. No._2116) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the better security of life on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871, which, by order of the
House, is to be considered to the exclusion of
all other business until disposed of, excepting
reports from the Committee of Ways and
Means and from the Committee on Appropria-
tions. It is the bill reported by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is that the regular order
in the House at this time?
The SPEAKEK. It is.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move that the bill be
read by sections for amendment, and that
as each section is passed it shall be consid-
ered as ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
There was no objection ; and it. was ordered
according))'.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the debate •
limited, or are we under the hour rule?
The SPEAKER. There has been no lim-
itation upon the debate. It has only been
agreed by unanimous consent that the sections
shall be read for amendment, and when passed,
all further right to amend is lost. The sec-
tions, when passed, are to be considered as
having been ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, then,
that the debate be as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union under the
five-minutes rule.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
. Sic, 2. That every steamer so propelled, and carry-
ing passengers, shall be provided with suitable pipes
and valves attached to the boiler to convey steam
into the hold, and the different compartments thereof,
to extinguish nro; and every stove used on board of
any such vessel shall be well and securely fastened,
and all wood-work or other ignitnble substances
about the boilers,chimneys, cook-houses, and stove-
pipes exposed to ignition shall be thoroughly shiolded
by some incombustible material, in such a manner
as to leave the air to circulate freely between such
material and wood-work or other igmtable sub-
stance.
chicago kemep bill.
Mr. DAWES. Before any further reading
of the bill, if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will yield to me for a moment, I will
make a report from the Committee of Ways
and Means, which I do not think will take up
much time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Massachusetts desires
to report the Chicago relief bill under an
understanding that will not take up much
of the time of the House. Under the order
fixing this as a special order for to-day the
gentleman, as chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, has a right to make a resort
from that committee.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed to report
back the Senate amendment to House bill
No. 565, and will enter a motion to recom-
mit. A bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of
sufferers by fire at Chicago came back from
the Senate with an amendment, which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The committee have heard a great many par-
ties on the one side and the other in reference
to this bill. The chief objection to the passage
of the bill has arisen from the eft'ect it will
have on the lumber interests of the country,
i think there would scarcely beany objection
to the bill if it didnotcome from that quarter.
I am instructed by the Committee of Ways
and Means to recommend concurrence in the
Senate amendment as it comes from the
House, but I am also instructed to permit an
amendment to be offered excepting lumber
from the operation of the bill, and also if there
be offered an amendment of any other char-
acter to permit it to be offered. I withdraw
the motion to recommit long enough to per-
mit the amendment to be made.
Mr. FAR WELL. I move in line three, sec-
tion two of the bill, after the word "material,"
to insert the words "except lumber."
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire to add that I do not
think if this amendment should be adopted
the bill will encounter any opposition from any
quarter, but from what 1 learn it will be con-
curred in by the other branch and the bill take
effect immediately.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] a question. I have received a large
number of letters from manufacturers in dif-
ferent parts of Ohio expressing the fear that
the bill in its present form would allow frauds
to be practiced upon the revenue. I myself
have no good means of answering that sugges-
tion, and I ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, for the satisfaction of many peo-
ple outside, who feel anxious on this subject,
whether that feature of the case has been care-
fully considered by the committee?
Air. DAWES. In reply to the gentleman
from Ohio JMr. Garfield] I will state that
when this bill was originally reported it was
drawn in the language of the Portland bill ;
and the committee conferred with the Secre-
tary of ihe Treasury on the operation of the
Portlandbill, inquiring whether there had been
discovered any frauds or evasions of the reve-
nue laws under that bill. The reply of the Sec-
retary was that none had reached the knowl-
edge of the Secretary of the Treasury. The
construction put upon that bill, which employed
the same language as this bill, was such that
no material except what entered into the con-
struction of buildings could be admitted free
under it. That was the established construc-
tion of that bill, and the same language being
made use of in this bill, I suppose it would
without doubt receive the same construction
at the Treasury Department.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state to the House that after consultation with
gentlemen representing the various interests
affected by this bill it has been understood
that this proposition will in the main be satis-
factory to all interests; and therefore I de-
sire, on the part of those I represent, that with
this amendment the bill for the relief of Chi-
cago may be passed and go into operation as
soon as possible.
Mr. EINKELNBUBG. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] means
to say that the delegations from Wisconsin and
Michigan, having saved their lumber interests,
are willing that anybody else may be sacri-
ficed.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, and demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; which was first on
the amendment offered by Mr. Farwell.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tne question recurred, Will the House agree
to the Senate amendment as amended?
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. DA TV ES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate, as
amended, was agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table,
Ine latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire to have it entered
upon the records that I have paired with Mr.
Williams, of New York, upon this bill. I
would vote "ay" and he would vote "no." i
The SPEAKER. There is no record what-
ever upon the Journal of any member having
paired.
security of ufe on board steamers.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," approved February 28, 1871.
• 'The Clerk read the following section :
Sue. 8. That every steamer exceeding two hun-
dred tons burden, except as hereinafter specified,
shall be provided with two good double-acting fire-
pumps, to be worked by hand; each chamber of s.iid
pumps shall be of sufficient capacity to contain
not less than eighty cubic inches of water; said
pumps shall be placed on suitable parts of the ves-
sel for_ efficient service, having good hose of suit-
able diameter to each pumn of sufficient strength
to stand a pressure of one hundred pounds per
square inch, and in length at least equal to one half
the vessel's length on deck; the whole to be kept
at all times in good working order, and at least fifty
feet shipped up, ready for immediate use; on every
such steamer not exceeding two hundred tons
burden, one of such pumps may be dispensed with,
and each fire-pump thus provided for shall be sup-
plied with water by means of a suitable pipe con-
nected therewith, and passing through the side or
bottom of the vessel, so low as to be at all times
under water when the vessel is afloat; and no such
fire-pump shall be placed below the lower deck of
any such vessel. But the capacity of eighty cubic
inches, as herein required, shall not apply to steam-
ers now in service. And in addition to such hand
fire-pumps, there thSU be provided on all steamer.*,
except as hereinafter specified, a good double-acting
steam fire-pump of a capacity equal to one cubic
men for every three tons measurement of vessel :
Provided, however. That in no case shall such steam
lire-pump have a capacity of less than one hundred
eubic inches, nor is it required to be more than five
hundred cubic inches; said pump to have one pipe of
suitable dimensions, to carry the water to the upper
decks, fitted with proper valves and nozzles for
attaching hose, both between decks and the upper
deck, and with hose as required for each hand fire-
pump ; a rotary pump, when driven by on engine
independent of the main engine, or a pump driven by
the doctor or donkey engine, if of the capacity to dis-
charge water as herein specified, or a siphon-pump of
like capacity, shall hedeemed asufficientcomplianee
with tne requirement of this section; but on all ves-
sels hereafter built all of said fire-pumps shall have
their suction-pipes so arranged as that thev may be
operated as bilge-pumps in case of necessity; and it
shall be the duty of the engineer to see that all feed
and fire-pumps are constantly kept in order and
ready ior immediate service.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment to the section iust
read: J
. In lines one and two, strike out the words " exceed-
ing two hundred tons burdenso that it will read
fled &(Tery steamer> exoe t as hereinafter speei-
Provision is afterward made in regard to
vessels below two hundred tons burden, so
that there is no necessity for the specification
here, and it should be stricken out.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not object to the gen-
tleman s amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following section ;
Sec. 4. That except on ferry-boats, no loose hay,
(unless lor feeding stock on board,) loose cotton, or
ca,mphene, nitro-glycerine, naphtha,
benzine, benzole, crude petroleum, or other like
explosive burning-fluids, shall be carried as freight
on any steamer carrying passengers ; norshall baled
cotton be carried on such steamer unless the bales
are compactly pressed and covered wnh bag|in| o?
similar fabric, m good merchantable shipping order
and secured with good rope or iron bands; nor shall
baled hemp be carried on the deck or guards there-
of, unless the bales are compactly pressed and se-
curely covered with bagging or a similar fabric • nor
shall gunpowder be carried on any such vessel ex-
cept m case of special license granted by inspectors
as hereinafter provided; nor shall oil of vitriol
nitric, or other dangerous chemical acids be ear-
tho^w-'SR°lfiSte'?mef3 (5xoePt on the docks or guards
thereof. Behned petroleum, when m metallic cases
securely packed in boxes or casks, or when iron-
1 barrels, and plainly marked with the manu-
j foe'urer s name the name of the article, the teniDer-
■ ature at winch the same will ignite, which shall not
' h ?st^an "is hundred and ten degrees of Fahren-
heitoil or spirits ol turpentine, mastic and other
WK well ,ndm °^rorl inaneasks o?
oaneiw wcit ana sccurely bound with iron* and
friction-matches, when securely packed in strom?
secured bv^nck^03163'the Cuv,crs of which are well
maybe • °AeW!' °,r other rolial>le fastenings,
deck6.euards, orloreeastle of
steamer, at a secure distance from any fire
or heat, or in such other part of the steamer as the
