1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Karl Moolc, praying the payment of arrears
of pension to the heir of Augusta Kessler;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
Wallace T. Jones, son, heir, and legal repre-
sentative, and for the coheirs of Charles Fan-
euil Jones, deceased, of New York city, pray-
ing indemnity for spoliations committed by the
French between the years 1793 and 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a protest
of the Western Union Telegraph Company.
It is signed by William Orton, Horace F.
Clark, E. D. Morgan, Moses Taylor, Alonzo
B. Cornell, and Augustus Schell. It relates
to a subject upon which a bill has been
reported, now upon the Calender. I shall not,
therefore, move its reference to any comimt-
tee. I shall ask in one moment that it lie
on the table, and further, that it be printed,
owing to its brevity and its importance. It is a
protest against a scheme which I mustregard
as improvident and inopportune, to absorb
into the now incumbered Post Office Depart-
ment the telegraph service of this country.
It would not be in order, even were I not
detaining the Senator from Indiana, for me at
this time to make remarks at any length npon
this subject. At a future time I shall ask the
indulgence of the Senate in an attempt to
show that it would be very unwise now to add
to an incumbered and expensive Department
the business of telegraphing all over this con-
tinent. I move now that this protest, which
is very terse and brief and very instructive, be
laid upon the table and printed, that Senators
may, as I hope they will, look at it.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 19th instant, the
report of the supervising surgeon of the United
States marine hospital service for the six
months ending December 31,1871; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
order op business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my friend from
Indiana to give way to allow a vote to be taken
on the motion to adjourn over. There will be
no debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there will be
some debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sehator from
Indiana appears to yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think to-morrow is a
good day for political debate, most excellent,
i hope, therefore, we shall sit to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Ohio that we shall not have any
further correspondence from Europe to debate
npon by to-morrow. We ought to wait a day
or two.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no hope that this
debate will be finished to-morrow or next day.
message from the iiouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House bad passed the bill
(S. No. 187) to amend anactentitled "Anact
to provide a national currency secured by
pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption there-
of," approved June 3, 1864.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental to and
amendatory of an act entitled "An act to pre-
scribe the mode of obtaining evidence in cases
of contested elections," approved February
19, 1851;
A bill (H. R. No. 1660) to relieve Robert
E. Cowan, of Kansas City, Missouri, of polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1662) for the remission
of taxes on certain distilled spirits destroyed
by the great fire at Chicago ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1663) authorizing the
Warren National Bank of South Dan vers to
change its name to the Warren National Bank
of Peabody, Massachusetts; and
A bill (&. R. No. 1664) to change the loca-
tion of the First National Bank of Seneca,
State of Illinois, to the city of Morris, Illinois.
sales of arms to french agents.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Sumner on the
12th instant, to raise a select committee to
inquire into the circumstances of certain sales
of arms and ordnance, stores, the pending
question being on the amendment submitted
by Mr. Conkling.
Mr. MORTON addressed the Senate in
remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator, as to his argu-
ment upon the question at issue, is perfectly
delightful in assertion when he says that the
whole thing has been swept away so that not
even a tatter is left upon it. Against his
assertion I put mine, that he has not even
touched the arguments I made yesterday, and
I am willing to let the two things go before the
country just as they stand.
I rise now simply to reply to a remark that
he made in his somewhat furious onslaught
upon me yesterday evening. It seemed that
he was somewhat startled or had lost his tem-
per, for otherwise I cannot explain his state-
ment that I was trying to build up a German
Know-Nothing party. Was not that it?
Mr. MORTON. It looked very much like it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now let us see; and I
wish to say to the Senator that with regard to
the political bearing of his remarks yesterday
I do not intend to be drawn into a political
discussion. I may take some opportunity or
other to explain and state my relations with
the Republican party as I understand them.
I cannot permit the Senator to define my posi-
tion by other people's speeches, for I myself
have made enough to make clear what I think.
But as to the charge of German ICnow-Noth-
ingism, I desire to refer to the close of that
speech at Chicago which the Senator alluded
to yesterday, where I addressed a large assem-
bly of Germans, and tried to impress my view3
upon them as to the political duties we have
to perform. The Senate will therefore indulge
me while I repeat a very few remarks I then
uttered, in order to make them understand the
way I speak to my German fellow-citizens
when I do speak to them. The closing remarks
of that speech, where I especially addressed
them as American citizens, were as-follows.
Speaking of the great things which had been
done on the other side of the water, I added ;
" The great soul of Germany, which for ages has
haunted tile history of the wo rid like a specter, has
finally found again a body mighty like herself. The
shining helmet-crest of Germania is visible again
from all points of the globe, and a teeling, so long
unknown to us, now again elates every German
heart-—the proud and joyous feeling of being a child
of a great nation. It is a beautiful, elevating, and
just feeling; may it boar the noblest fruit; may it
kindle in the heart of every German, not tho straw
fire of vain and puerile superciliousness, but the
serious sentiment that it is his duty to render him-
self worthy of the great mother. And nowhere is
this duty more imperative than here, where the Ger-
man, as a citizen of a great commonwealth, in the
full enjoyment of all the rights a freeman can pos-
sess, has tho most unbounded opportunity to give
testimony of his true worth. Nothing eould be farther
from me than the idea Of a separate political organ-
ization of the Germans in this Republic. Hero wo
are American citizens, neither more nor less; and
German pHde should inspire in us here only tho
noble ambition to be counted among the best of
American citizens. We have no separate^ interests
here, and we should have no separate aims. Our
interests are no other than those of all, and our aims
should be no other than those of the public welfare.
And, indeed, we can point with just pride to the
fact that in the hour of misfortune, as well as of
success, our new fatherland has never demanded
anything of its children which tho Geiman citizens
did not, in the fullest measure, and oven with their
life blood, satisfy. And more than this: when the
great events which in the Old World called our fath-
ers and brothers under arms, also in this country
kindled the inborn love for the old home to a rising
flame, then even this powerful sympathy of blood
never sought an expression here which was adverse
to the laws of this Republic. Even then we never
forgot for a single moment that we were American
citizens, and what is the first duty of an American
citizen. And what wo have proved in the past that
we will not falsify in the future. Tho American
Republic may always count her German-born citi-
zens among her truest, most law-abiding, and most
self-sacrificing children, and our national origin will
never be in the way of this fidelity."
a * -i- * * -h a *
" But what more than anything else malces the
Germans faithful citizens of this Republic is the cir-
cumstance that on this soil the old Germanic idea
of liberty finds the very fullest realization ; and to
no foreign-born men is it easier than to us to shak®
off those hampering traditions of old and foreign
surroundings, for every one of us has brought with
him, even if only sleeping in tho germ, that old
Germanic idea.
" I said that the new, proud position of the Ger-
man people should, above all things, kindle in us
the consciousness of the duty of becoming worthy
of our great mother. Let us show, then, that we, as
intelligent, faithful, and energetic workmen, know
how to cooperate in the perfection of a free and
moral public life, and when I look at the movement
which at this hour appears in all German circles in
this Republic, and whose symptoms manifest them-
selves in the public voice, then X become more and
more convinced that the masses of the German citi-
zens are in spirit already in tho ranks of those who
honestly strive to know the truth, and to act accord-
ing to their best convictions. The large mnjority of
the Germans have always stood more aloof than
other classes from so-called practical politics; that
is, from the selfish use of advantages won by parti-
san success. There are, indeed, people among them,
and unfortunately too many for the honor of the
German name, who also understand this selfish pol-
icy, and know how to profit by it, but they are still
a small dark spot upon a large sound body. It is
nevertheless true that, on the whole, the Germans
stand not as mercenaries, but as volunteers, rn the
hest sense of the term, in our politics—volunteers
who honestly desire the best, and who are not ani-
mated in political life by tho motives of mean self-
ishness. A conscientious, independent spirit lives
in them. Give it that active power which will make
it fruitful.
" And now let me repeat the sentiment I have
expressed hundreds of times before my countrymen
from the beginning of my political activity. Xdo
not say to you: 'JTollowrael believe blindly in my
words!' but I do say to you: 'Follow nobody
blindly—trust not, but think. In the conflict of
opinions form your own convictions with conscien-
tious care; but when you have formed them, then I
demand of you, have also the eourago, as freemen,
to act according to them. Not that we always all
think and act alike, but that wealwaysoll think and
act honestly, will give us a salutary influence upon
tho destinies of this country. For, if all men acted
as they think, I should not fear for the tuture of
this Republic. I am also far from telling you, break
at once away from all political organizations if
every trifle does not suit you ; but I tell you stand
firmly by the great principles, and never sacrifice
them for mere party or personal advantage Lotus
belong to those who seek the truth without preju-
dice, and speak the truth without fear; to those who,
by their moral attitude, convince the most invoter-'
ate politician that they are to be had for nothing
that is in conflict with their sense of right, and who
are not afraid, at tho decisive moment, by determ-
ined action, to provo their faith. That is the sort
of independence which will purify tho political at-
mosphere, and which can successfully encounter tho
most threatening dangers of our public life."
If that is German Know-Nothingism, then
I invito the Senator from Indiana to make the
most of it.
Mr. MORTON. I was aware of that pas-
sage in the Senator's speech; I read it at the
time, and I can only say that so far as he has
complimented his own countrymen, i indorse
that compliment most cordially. I have iong
been accused in my own State of being some-
what partial to the Germans. I am aware
that the Senator put in a disclaimer of any-
thing like creating German Know-Nothingism
in that speech. I do not know that he felt
called upon to do it. I have not said that he
expressed any purpose to establish German
Know-Nothingism, but I have argued that that
is the effect of what he has been doing, ihat
is all I have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New lork,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
