1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051'
local inspectors shall designate in writing: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Treasury may grant per-
mission to tho owner of any steam vessel for the use
of any invention or process for the utilization of
petroleum or other mineral oils or substances in the
production of motive power, and he shall have power
to make and enforce regulations concerning the ap-
plication and use of the same forsuch purposes, such
permission to be granted upon the certificate of the
inspector of steamboats for the district wherein said
vessel is registered, and other satisfactory proof that
the use of the same is safe and efficient; and upon
such proof, and the approval of such certificate by
the Secretary of the Treasury, a special license for
the use of such process or invention as aforesaid shall
issue under the seal of the Treasury ^Department.
Mr. BIRD. I think there should be some
penalty for a violation of the provisions of this
section. There seems to be none provided in
this section 5 and I would inquire if there is
any in the subsequent portions of this bill?
Mr. NEGLEY. There is a provision for
that purpose.
Mr. MA.YNA.RD. I would like to ask the
gentleman who has charge of this bill a ques-
tion : whether, in his opinion, the provisions
of this section guard the safety of passenger-
boats equally well with the present law?
Mr. NEGLEY. They do.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to ask another
question, perhaps not exactly germane to this
section, i wish to inquire of the gentleman
whether in his judgment this bill is framed as
securely as the px*esent law with reference to
the security of the lives of passengers and
preservation of boats?
Mr. NEGLEY. I reply to the question of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
"by stating that this bill is as carefully framed
for the purpose he has named as the present
law. The Committee on Commerce have in-
vestigated with great care all the requirements,
presented, not only in the existing law, but
suggested by men of experience. They have
provided very carefully every provision that
has been found to be useful in protecting life
and property on board of boats or vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would also inquire of
the gentleman whatprovision is made in regard
to the safety-lock valve? I suppose the gen-
tleman has seen the criticism made upon his
bill in that respect.
Mr. NEGLEY. We have beard the state-
ments, both of those who use the safety-lock
valve and those who manufacture them. It
was the desire of the committee to leave out
of the bill any design which had not been
found to act with perfect advantage and which
had not been thoroughly tested by experiment.
The experiments thus far made of the safety-
lock valve now in use have not been entirely
satisfactory, therefore the committee have lefl
to the board of supervising inspectors, desig-
nating the method of test, however, any new
appliance that may tend to preserve life.
Mr. MAYNAR1). They may adopt the lock
safety-valve, or a better one that may be
offered ?
Mr. NEGLEY. From what source does the
gentleman derive the criticism to which he re-
fers ; from the gentleman who manufactures
that valve, or from the public?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer very freely
that I received it through the mail in print;
of course it presented prima facie a very strong
case, one which 1 thought proper to bring to
the attention of the gentleman m the course of
this debate, so that it might not appear to have
been overlooked.
Mr. NEGLEY. lara satisfied with the ex-
planation of the gentheman ; but the criticism
to which he refers was not well founded.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend this section
by inserting in the first part of the section,
before the worus " nor shall gunpowder be
carried on any such vessel," &c., the following:
Nor shall hay be transported on steamboats, that
is stowed on the forecastle, on the guards, or in the
deck-room of any steamboat without being baled
and ^ccurely sheltered from sparks with tarpaulins:
Provided, That this provision shall only be applied
to .steamboats navigating tho Mississippi river and
its tributaries.
Mr. NEGLEY. I shall make no objection
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. In order to save time in
reading this bill, I ask that the Clerk may
omit the sections and paragraphs printed in
italics, because they are parts of the existing
law.
Mr. KERR. I object. I think the whole
bill had better be considered now. They are
incorporated here to become parts of a general
law.
Mr. NEGLEY. I made the proposition only
to save time.
The Clerk read the following section :
Sec. 7. That every steamer (except ferry-boats and
canal-boats, which shall be equipped with boats as
hereinafter provided) navigating rivers only shall
have at least one good substantial wooden working-
boat, with lines and detaching-hooks, attached and
properly supplied with oars, and kept in good con-
dition at all times ready for immediate use; and in
addition thereto, every passenger steamer navigat-
ing seas, lakes, bays, sounds, or rivers, (except rivers
flowing into the Gulf of Mexico and their tributa-
ries,) of less than four hundred tons measurement,
shall have one metallic life-boat, in all respects a
good, substantial, and safe sea-boat, with life-lines
and detaching-hooks attached, and properly sup-
plied with oars, and so fitted as to bo at all times
ready for immediate use; and every such vessel of
four hundred tons, and not exceediug eight hundred
tons shall, in addition to said working-boat, have
three boats, two of which shall be metallic life-boats;
and every such vessel exceeding eight hundred tons,
and not exceeding fourteen hundred tons, shall, in
addition to said working boat, have four boats,
two of which shall be metallic life-boats; and every
such vessel of more than fouiteen hundred tons,
and not exceeding two thousand tons, shall, in ad-
dition to said working-boat, have five boats, three
of which shall be metallic life-boats; and every
such vessel of more than two thousand tons, and
not exceeding twenty-eight hundred tons, shall, in
addition to said working-boat, have six boats, three
of which shall be metallic life-boats; and every
such vessel exceeding twenty-eight hundred tons,
shall, in addition to said working-boat, have eight
boats, four of which shall be metallic life-boats;
and tho length of each of such boats, except the
working-boat, shall not be less than one tenth the
steam vessel's length on deck, (but in no ease shall
such boat or boats be less than twelve feet in length,)
and shall be otherwise properly proportioned and
well and substantially constructed. (Of the boats
required, at least one half the number shall be hung
to cranes or davits, with lines and detaching-hooks,
ready for immediate use:) Provided,, That if the
owners prefer, in any special case, they may substi-
tute for the boats herein required a larger number of
boats of smaller dimensions, (but no boat shall be less
than twelve feet in length,) so that their total capa-
city shall not be less than herein required. AUsteam
ferry-boats of over fifty tons, and not exceeding three
hundred tons,shall carry one good,substantial wooden
boat not less than sixteen feet in length and other-
wise properly proportioned, with lines and detach-
ing-hooks attached and properly supplied with oars,
and kept in good condition at all times, and hung to
cranes or davits ready for immediate use; and all
such ferry-boats exceeding three hundred tons meas-
urement, and not more than eight hundred tons, shall
carry two such boats of not less than sixteen feet in
length and so equipped, one of which shall be a
metallic life-boat; and all such ferry-boats exceed-
ing eight hundred tons shall carry three such boats,
not less than sixteen feetin length and so equipped,
one of which shall be a metallic life-boat, and one
of which shall be a working-boat: Provided, That
where, from the character of the navigation or other
cause, in the opinion of the inspectors appointed
under the provisions of this act, a part ot the metal-
lic life-boats may be dispensed with, they may exempt
any such steamer from carrying the same, and sub-
stitute therefor wooden boats, metallic or other rafts.
And every steamer, except ferry-boats, which are
hereinbefore provided for, navigating the waters
flowing into the Gulf of Mexico, shall be equipped
with one good yawl-boat, at least one tenth the length
of the vessel, or with two yawls equivalent in capa-
city; butin no case shall said yawl belessthan eight-
een feet in length, and of proportionate depth and
width for effective usefulness, provided with oars and
life-lines, and (me metallic life-boat at leas tone tenth
the length of the vessel, or two of equivalent capa-
city equipped in like manner: Provided, That all
steameis already constructed and fitted with yawls
and life-boats, under the provisions of former laws,
may continue to use the same, conditioned that any
deficiency in capacity of the same under this sec-
tion may be made up by additional boat or boats.
And every steam vessel navigating the oceans, lakes,
bays, or sounds of the United States shall be
provided with a drag or floating anchor, strongly
constructed. Such drags may be connected to the
ship's cable by a bridle of iron rods or chains
and shackles, and shall be kept at all tirnei in
good order, ready for efficient use, and accessible
in case of emergency. Such drags shall have di-
mensions not less than, for steamers of four hun-
I dred tons and under, twenty-five superficial feet;
i for steamers of over four hundred tons, and not
1 exceeding six hundred tons, thirty-six superficial
feet; for steamers of over six hundred tons, sxd
not exceeding one thousand tons, fifty superficial
feet; for steamers of over one thousand tons, and
not exceeding one thousand five hundred tons,
eighty superficial feet; for steamers of over one
thousand five hundred tons, and not exceeding two
thousand five hundred tons, ono hundred super-
ficial feet; for steamers exceeding two thousand
five hundred tons, in the proportion of one super-
ficial foot to each twenty-five tons measurement.
And each and every steamer shall be provided with
good and sufficient anchors and chains, suitable in
size, weight, and number to the size of the steamer
and to the trade in which she may be employed.
Mr. CRBBS. 1 move to amend by striking
out in the thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-
eighth, and thirty-ninth lines of the section just
read the words" of the boats required at least
one half the number shall be hung on cranes
or davits, with lines and detaching-hooks, '
ready for immediate use," and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
The boats required shall be provided with suit-
able boat-disengaging or launching apparatus so
arranged as to allow said boats to be safely launched
while, such vessels are under speed, or otherwise,
and so as to allow sueli disengaging or launching -
apparatus to be operated by one person. And such
disengaging or launching-apparatus shall include
any appliances by means of which the prescribed
result eari bo obtained.
Mr. NEGLEY. The bill provides for the
adoption of such appliances as may be ap-
proved by the board of supervising inspectors.
Will the gentleman state his object in offering
this amendment?
Mr. CRBBS. Certainly. As I understand,
the board of supervising inspectors have ex-
amined and approved the Beaupre life-boat;
but under the existing law they cannot adopt it.
Mr. NEGLEY. There is a provision in
another part of the bill which covers this case.
Mr. GjSBBS. I will state more fully my
object in offering the amendment. If there
be any serious objection to it I shall not urge
it. The board of supervising inspectors, as I
understand, have examined and approved the
life-boat of which I speak; but the law requires
that any life-boat which may be used shall be
hung upon cranes or davits. Beaupr6's boat
is not so hung. Now, I desire that the inspect-
ors shall have authority to decide what kind
of hanging-apparatus shall be used.
Mr. NEGLEY. This bill contains a pro-
vision that any new appliance for the preser-
vation of life shall be tested in actual use for
six months, and then, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary
of the Treasury, and with the approval of the
board of supervising inspectors, it may be
adopted, provided it be found satisfactory.
We should not in this bill take the responsi-
bility of requiring the adoption of any par-
ticular appliance.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Speaker, I am informed
that the inspectors approve this life-boat, but
say that under the law they cannot adopt it;
and this bill, as 1 understand, does not propose
to change the law in that particular. This is
the information I have obtained from those
who have examined the bill with a good deal
of care. The amendment I have offered can-
not be objectionable ; for if the bill does con-
tain in another place a provision of the same
kind it can do no harm. Under my amend-
ment this life-boat cannot be adopted without
the approval of the inspectors.
Mr. NEGLEY. I respectfully ask the House
to agree in general terms to the suggestions
and recommendations of the Committee on
Commerce, who have considered carefully
every provision in this bill. They have en-
deavored to adopt every requirement neces-
sary for the protection of property and life,
freely receiving suggestions and adopting the
advice of those who are competent to give it.
Any amendment proposing to provide ior a
special appliance would I think be wrong, be-
cause any appliance which may after a care-
ful test prove to be suitable can be adopted
by the inspectors, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, t,->ir. Oak
