1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3843
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 40) for the
relief of Joseph A. Clay, of Philadelphia.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
Spanish indemnity to Joseph A. Clay for the
sum of $203 14 and $615 08, to be held by
Clay in lieu of like certificates of the same
kind and amount, and to bear the same date
as the original certificates. The claimant is
to give security in double the amount of the
certificates that no claim shall be made upon
the lost certificates, or that if any such claim
shall be established thereon he will return and
cancel the new certificates.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john w. phelps.
Mr. FRYE also, fiom the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2898) for
the relief of John W. Phelps, of Vermont ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $555 to
John W. Phelps, of Vermont, in full for rent
of certain land owned by said Phelps in Alex-
andria, Virginia, occupied by the commissary
department for a bakery from 1802 to 1865.
Sir. GARFIELD, of Oliio. What is this
for?
Mr. FRYE. It is simply for the occupation
of land used by the Government during the
war for a bakery. The allowance is small.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I made the
suggestion the other day that claim for land
occupied by thg Government during the war
in some cases had gone to the extent of ask-
ing rent for a battle-field, one of the great bat-
tles of the war. Somewhere between paying
rent for places used for bakeries or the ordin-
ary and necessary purpobesof the more peace-
ful sort, and paying rent for fields to kill each
other on in great battles; somewhere between
these two extremes the line should be drawn.
This was a State in rebellion.
Mr. MAYNARD. This must have been
under the commissary department, and gen-
erally in southern towns occupied by our forces
during the war, property used by the Quarter-
master General's department or the commis-
sary's department was rented or paid for at
the time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from 'J'ennessfee must remember that during
the war in his country our quartermasters ran
large rolling-mills without paying rent.
Mr. FRYE. I demand the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 should like to
know what this is for.
Mr. FRYE. Some town lots over in Alex-
andria, Virginia, were taken by officers of the
Army, and they built upon them a bakery and
remained there for a year after the war. This
man Phelps paid taxes on the property all the
time it was occupied by the Government for a
bakery.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who paid the taxes;
Mr. FRYE. General Phelps.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who is he?
Mr. FRYE. He was distinguished in the
war.
Mi. FARNSWORTH. He paid the taxes,
what did he pay taxes on?
Mr. FRYE. On these lots.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Were they vacant
lots?
Mr. FRYE. Yes, sir, they were vacant lots,
and the Government erected upon them build-
ings used for a bakery.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What became of the
bakery ?
Mr. FRYE. I do not know.
Mr ARCHER. I rise to a point of order.
Has not the previous question been demanded,
and is further debate in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It seems to me
this is pretty good rent for vacant lots.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it because the
man lives in Vermont or that the lots are in
Virginia?
Mr. FRYE. It is because it is a fair rental
for property used by the Government. Army
officers appraised it five dollars to the one
provided for in this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me to
be rather high rent for vacant lots.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is debate
in order ?
Mr. MAYNARD. These matters all cost
more during war than in ordinary times.
The bill wis ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ciiahlks f. carr.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2899) for the relief
of Charles F. Carr ; which was read a first
aud second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Charles F. Carr, of Bos-
ton, the sum of $2,447 61, in full for claim as
informer against Edwards A. Long, chief clerk
in the Treasury department in Boston.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that that bill makes an appro-
priation and should go to the Committee of
the Whole oil the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point
of order is sustained, and the bill goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
gilbert and currish.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2902) for the relief
of the estate of Abel Gilbert and William
Gerrish, late copartners in business under the
style of Gilbert & Gerrish ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of $26,252 to Benjamin W.
Gilbert, administrator of the estate of Abel
Gilbert, and Isaac Watts, administrator of the
estate of William Gilbert, in full satisfaction of
damages for violation of a grain contract
entered into the 21st of May, 1859, by Colonel
G. H. Crosman, Quartermaster General of the
United States Army, on behalf of the United
States and said Abel Gilbert in his own name,
and on behalf of said Gilbert & Gerrish.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like
to have the report in that case read.
Mr. FRYE. There is a very long report in
the case, but I can very briefly state the facts.
The Government made a contract with these
parties, and for its own benefit purposely vio-
lated the contract. The Committee of Claims,
for the violation of the contract, have not
allowed so much as in justice they ought to
have allowed. They have allowed seventy-five
cents, where in justice they should have al-
lowed $1 25, which I desire them to allow.
They cut the claim down to the very lowest
point possible.
The violation of the contract by the Gov-
ernment ruined Mr. Gilbert and ruined Mr.
Geriish. Both of them died a short time after-
ward. Their children are poor, and the ad-
ministrators make this claim for money on their
behalf. I hope the point of order'will not be
made upon this bill.
Mr. HOAR. What is the amount.
Mr. FRYE. Twenty-six thousand dollar.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
this claim is some eighteen years old. Is
that so?
Mr. FRYE. The claim is not so old as
that. The contract was made in 1809.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I thought it was in
1856.
Mr. FRYE. The gentleman is mistaken.
If he will hear me one moment I think 1 will
be able to satisfy him £o that he may not, be
consuming time on this bill, as other members
have bills to report.
This matter was referred to the Attorney
General of the United States and he decided
fairly and squarely, in terms, that the United
States were bound and ought to pay, and that
injustice had been done to these parties by the
non-payment of their claim before now. The
Government was willing to do it and wanted
to do it. But nobody has been here for the
last six years asking for it, on account of the
death of those men. There is no question
about the justice of the case at all.
The contract was for furnishing one hundred
thousand bushels of grain away out in some
fort beyond Utah;.and the Government sold
their mules and did not need the grain, and
cut the contract square off without any con-
sultation with the other contracting party. The
Government saved money by cutting it off, but
these men were ruined.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Where was the
grain ?
Mr. FRYE. It was sold for twenty-five
cents a bushsl.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Where was it?
Mr. FRYE. Itwas away somewhere beyond
Utah at one of the outside forts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Who are the
beneficiaries by this bill?
Mr. FRYE. Children living in Portland,
and children living in Missouri.
Mr. MAYNARD. There was no laches in
the case on the part of the contractors?
Mr. FRYE. None whatever.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is my impression
that this is an old settler; that it has been in
Congress before.
Mr. FRYE. It never was.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know that we used
to have many such cases before the war in re-
gard to the freighters and contractors for
Johnston's army when out in Utah. I never
knew a case brought to Congress where a man
got more than the Government proposed to
give him, or got a better contract than he
expected. But there is no end to these cases
of men coming here because they have got
less than they expected. Now, for an old
settler like this coming here sixteen or
eighteen years after the fact, and to pass with-
out even the reading of a report a claim of
$36,000 
Mr. FRYE. Twenty-six thousand dollars ;
and there is no eighteen years to it. Let the
gentleman confine himself to facts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, $26,000; that
does not grow on every bush. It is a very
suspicious circumstance that these poor orphan
children should have held back—for how
many years?
Mr. FRYE. Five or six years.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, fifteen years;
I will take the gentleman's lowest number.
Several Members. He said five or six.
Mr. FRYE. The gentleman is evidently
talking of what he knows nothing at all about.
I said that the parents died during the war.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They died during
the war? The war did not pr^yent the chil-
dren from coming here.
Mr. FRYE. I insist upon the previous
question.
