1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2947
States, whether owners of real estate or not,
or whether residents of the locality where they
are first imposed or not. Though without
do%bt in many instances wastefully and ex-
travagantly, and in some cases, as in New
York city, South Carolina, and my own State
of Texas, dishonestly expended and dissipated,
the revenues thus obtained are nevertheless
largely returned to the people in the form of
needful public improvements, such as roads,
streets, bridges, lamps, aqucducts, sewers, &c.,
and in the protection to life, limb, and prop-
erty, the preservation of the public health, the
education of youth, and the care of the help-
less, afforded by the local constabularies or
police, the courts of law, (which, with certain
notable exceptions, are generally impartially
administered,) by prisons, offices of record,
hospitals, infirmaries, colleges, schools, asy-
lums, alms-houses, and other institutions of
the State, county, and municipal governments.
Now, on the top of all this comgs the
$400,000,000 of taxes imposed by this Federal
Government, imposed as customs duties,
mainly upon the importation of grain, gro-
ceries, clothing, crockery, glass, liquors, to-
bacco, carpets, hardware, and the materials
that enter into the same ; and imposed in the
form of internal taxes, mainly upon the trans-
actions of banks, insurance companies, and
railroads; upon the incomes of individuals and
corporations, and upon the domestic produc-
tions of liquors and tobacco.
So long as the Federal Government has to
•raise any revenues at all some of these taxes
are unavoidable ; and the least objectionable,
such as the income tax and the taxes upon
banks and other large corporations, should, in
my hupjble view, be preferred. But, setting
this consideration aside, and pursuing the gen-
eral tenor of my previous remarks, it must, not
be forgotten that no matter upon what incident
of industrial activity, or any other incident
you put a tax, it is still a tax, and somebody
has to pay it, and that somebody will get it
back if he can in the prices of the things he
supplies to the public, whether merchandise,
money, labor, or thought. In this way bar-
gain and sale, remanufacture, freight, wages,
f'er-s, emoluments, commissions, consumption,
interest, fares, and charges, and prices of all
sorts become active agents for the general
diffusion of the tax, until in the end it bears
upon all.
We have seen what the people get for the
$300,000,000 of State and local taxes imposed
upon them; now let us see what they get for
the $400,000,000 of Federal taxes for the im-
position of which this House is mainly respons-
ible. So far, these burdens have been submit-
ted toby the people without a murmur, because
it was believed that they were necessary in
order to pay off that legacy of indebtedness
left by the war and not embraced in the
bonds or other written obligations of the Gov-
ernment ; to pay the interest on such other
obligations and on the bonds; to maintain the
war and navy organizations upon a peace foot-
ing ; to pay pensions ; to defray the expenses
of the Post Office and Indian Departments,
and to maintain the expense of foreign inter-
course and the civil service.
But a portion of these expenditures are no
longer needful at ail, while the remainder
limy be reduced without detriment to the pub-
lic service, and to the great relief of the people
generally, not only in the agricultural States,
where they are most heavily felt, but in the
commercial and mechanical States, where they
are chiefly imposed in the first instance. The
open debt lelt by the war is paid off; the
bounties are discharged ; and, as related to the
necessary cost of Government, little now re-
mains of the war, which it should be remem-
bered ceased fully seven years ago, besides
the interest on the public debt and the sala-
ries of officials, now greatly exceeding in
number the requirements of a time of peace.
After making every allowance for the growth
of the nation and its requirements, and for
the enhancement of prices during the past
twelve years, a comparison of the cost of the
Government now and before the war reveals
the fact that the expenses are now enorm-
ously swollen, and are susceptible of material
reduction.
In 1865, immediately after the close of the
war, a policy was inaugurated in reference to
the public debt, which has been adhered to
up to the present time, involving, in addition
to the heavy expenditure already alluded to,
a payment of a sura toward its liquidation
averaging $100,000,000 per annum in gold,
or nearly its equivalent.
No other measures designed to liquidate or
lighten the public debt have been pursued
beyond this single one of paying off a portion
of it from time to time. While in the pursuit
of this one, some of the most important meas-
ures of public policy intimately connected
with the bill now under consideration have
been left out of view.
I do not purpose to question the motives of
the authors or abettors of this debt-paying
policy, nor the amount of benefit ithas wrought
for the country in attesting the resolution of
the people to recognize in good faith the obli-
gations of debt they entered into in a time of
peril. But that this policy is now fraught with
the most calamitous consequences and should
be abandoned forthwith I think needs but lit-
tle proof. Its pursuit has demanded the impo-
sition of heavy taxes, both customs and excise;
it has opened the door to official overhaste,
carelessness, extravagance, unscrupulousness,
and dishonesty; it has occasioned the gross
neglect of deliberation and economy in the
management of public affairs ; it has artifi-
cially and unwholesomely enhanced the prices
of commodities and labor, and perverted and
overturned the natural relations that previ-
ously existed between them; it has heightened
the cost of insurance, and it has raised the rate
of interest for money above what it would have
been and was before the war, when the United
States sixes bore a premium in gold of twenty-
five percent., and through these means it has
defeated the very object sought to be accom-
plished by the policy of which it formed a
necessary part, namely, enhancement of the
public credit.
The proposition was to fund the Govern-
ment bonds at lower rates of interest by call-
ing in a part of them with the proceeds of
heavy taxation ; but' heavy taxation, by rais
ing, as it necessarily does, the rate of interest
for money, has proved an effectual bar to its
success. The five-twenties are no higher uow
than they were in 1865, when this policy was
first enforced. It is like a man trying to hoist
himself up by his breeches-band. The law
of ''reciprocal forces" will not permit him
to do it. The whole thing arises from a mis-
apprehension of public credit and the means
whereby it may be improved.
Public credit is not, like individual credit,
founded upon a comparison of the assets and
liabilities of the debtor. It' you desire to
measure the strength of a bank, an insurance
company, or an individual, you naturally itiquiie
first how much ho owes, then how much he
has to pay it with. The less he owes and the
greater his assets the better, his credit, moral
character, future projects, and other consider-
ations of like nature being equal. But this is
not the case with a Government, and particu-
larly a Government like ours, because in the
ease of great, powerful nations, free from the
perils of conquest or anarchy, their assets, as
compared with the utmost possible liability
which the wealth or inclination of their cred-
itors might render possible, are practically illim-
itable.
In point of fact they possess little or no
assets at all; afew public buildings, a few ships
of war, some war material, a few tons of red
tape, or even a few million acres of wild lands,
counting' as nothing in the scale ot a great
national debt. Governments do not depend
upon their assets to enable them to discharge
• their obligations, but upon the hold they pos-
sess on the interests, abilities, and affections
of the population whose affans they admin-
ister. It is upon the virtue and freedom of its
people, and the spirit of its laws, the healthful
regulation and activity of its social mechanism,
and its own wisdom, impartiality, and economy
that the credit of a Government should be
based, and not upon the mere amount, large
or small, of its indebtedness. In countries
thus happily bestowed the rate of interest for
money is ever low, and the credit of the Gov-
ernment higher, whether its national debt be
great or little iu amount; while in countries
whose policy is at variance with its people,
whose institutions are not in accordance with
their genius, whose laws harass and annoy
them, whose taxes are capricious or oppress-
ive, whose affairs are loosely or unwisely
administered, and more than all, whose ex-
penditures are wasteful, uneconomical, or
excessive, no matter how little they may
owe, life and property are insecure, the rate of
interest for money is high, and the credit of
Government lies groveling in the dust.
In order to share the advantaged in this
respect now enjoyed by England, where,
although her territory, population, and re-
sources are smaller, and her national debt
greater than ours, yet where the credit of the
Government stands infinitely higher than our
own ; in order to share the advantages in this
respect now enjoyed by Holland, Belgium,
Switzerland, and other countries; m order to
place our credit even as high as that of the
States of Massachusetts, New York, and many
others within our own befrders, the policy of'
paying off the debt must be abandoned, and
lower rates of interest sought through the
more efficacious means of retrenchment in the
expenditures of Government, and the relin-
quishment of the inordinate taxation which it
nowimposes upon the people. And, I for one,
am for such relinquishment without regard
either to the doctrines of protection or free
trade.
The question of all questions in relation to
this bill is, does it retrench ? And if so, how
much, and how much, if any, beyond that
natural increase which any given rate of im-
post or tax will work in a growing country ?
Next comes the question whether or not the
reduction is made, as it should be, simply in
the interest of reduction, or is it made, as
reductions are often made, merely to alter
the relative weight of imposts, so as to extort
from them that protection to monopolies which
is to be obtained as readily and efficaciously
from this process as from the complementary
one of altering these relations by increase.
If the reduction is a substantial one, and I
mean by that if the total sum ot revenues
which it will produce is substantially less than
the current, not the future yield of revenue,
and if it is free from taint of jobberage in the
interests of special classes, I shall accord it
my hearty appioval. It not, then I entreat
this House to contemplate the tremendous
pile of legislation we have built upon this
subject; the fifty-odd customs and tariff laws
of the past twelve years; the bewildering
mass of tortuous, conflicting, vexatious, har-
assing, and often ruinous laws and regula-
tions it has enacted relative to the revenues,
first robbing all the Peters to enrich all the
Pauls, and then treacherously plundering both
the Peters and the Pauls, and then ask itself
whether it is worth while to inflict upon the
country the sixty five additional pages of
fresh and contradictory orders which this bill
proposes to saddle upon an unoffending and
strangely patient people.
HASTY LEGISLATION.
And here, in the first place, I protest against
the haste with which so important a measure
as this is brought before the House for consid-
eration, Here is a bill that proposes to alter
