1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Waddell.
Ho. of Reps.
Even without any sueli provocation more
crimes have been committed in northern than
in southern States during the past four years,
in which, according to this majority report,
these Ku Klux or vigilance committees have
been operating. It does not att'ord me the
same pleasure to expose them which other
gentlemen seem to take in portraying the
alleged ignorance and barbarism of my south-
ern countrymen, and 1 certainly do not intend
to follow their example by abusing and malign-
ing the whole northern people on account of
their criminal records; but justice demands
that those who live in glass houses should be
taught not to throw stones.
Recently, when my friend from Delaware
[Mr. Biggs] was entertaining the House by
reading the number and character of the
crimes committed in Massachusetts during a
peiiod of three or four years, the gentleman
from the latier State [Mr. Hoar] tried to have
it appear that the native population of his
State were a race of innocent lambs, (which
if their war record had been the subject of dis-
cussion would have been cheerfully acceded
to by everybody,) and that the foreign popu-
lation there were the criminals, (which if mak-
ing up the quota of Massachusetts during the
war had been the offense would have been
equally true;) but it is well known that the
infusion of foreign blood is all that saves that
race from rapid extinction ; and 1 think that
sort of interference on their part is the worst
crime for which the foreign population is
chargeable. They have a High appreciation
of education there, 'however, for 1 find in a
report of the inspectors of public institutions
ol Boston that they imprison boys between
seven and sixteen years of age for not going
to school, sentencing thein to terms of from
three to twenty-four months, and during six
months of the year they are worked on a tarm,
never entering a school-room or receiving any
school education during that time. In other
words, if a boy does not go to school they jail
him and keep him out of school half ihe year
by way of punishment. But, with all their
unique appliances for cultivating the mind
and heart, ihe serpent has managed somehow
to enter that Eden ; for I find in the same
report a statement which ought to close the
mouth of the gentleman from Massachusetts
forever frotn sneering at the barbarisms of
other communities than his own:
" Indecent Exposure of Women and Girls.—Witt the
exception of the .House of Retormation tor Juvenile
Offenders, and in the boys' department, which is
furnished with one spacious tub in which the froiic-
someness of boyhood can disport itself with a quite
limited freedom, all the prisons are provided with
the ordinary bath-tub, tr->m three to seven in num-
ber, and placed side by side, at distances of from
twelve to twenty-four inches apart; these are all in
open rooms, without any screen or protection what-
ever, and in the^e publicly-exposed tubs the prison-
ers, men, women, and girls, in their respective de-
partments, in groups of from three to seven, are
required to perform their ablutions. Old offenders,
young offenders, girls of nine and ten years of age,
alike must disrobe themselves, and in lull observa-
tion of their fellows and officers, in a state of utter
nudity, enter the bath, perform its duty, and partake
its refreshment. We are far troni advocating any
sentimental delicacy, but we do submit that there is
scarcely any prisoner, however callous in the paths
of crime, from however low and degraded a sphere
of social life he may have come, that at this required
exposure at the bath-tub will not? feel his rudi-
menral nature at least somewhat shocked. But not
all the prisoners are hardeued, not all from the lower
walks ot life, not all are without much of the refining
culture of our iNtew England society. All lite has
here its representatives; young girls and maidens
are here, tender, plastic, sensitive, full ol the mod-
esiy of nature, and it may beculture also ; #ome with
no other charge of crime than not habitually attend-
ing the public *u>oo/, and the single question is, is
it proper, prudent, reiormatory, necessary for any
purpose that these should be compelled, promiscu-
ously in public nudity, to the bn.th, when an outlay
of from live to ten dollars would afford /hem a pro-
tecting shelter without in any way diminishing the
oversight or control of their keepers? It seems to
us very clear and admitting but a single answer.
We therefore ask that the evil may be at once reme-
died and no longer characterize any Suffolk prison.
"Brutality to Girfo—Whipping Boys with Wagon-
Whips—On the 13th of July, the day previous to
the visit of the inspectors, one of the girls in the
female department of this house had been severely
punished, and it became our painful duty to invest-
igate the circumstances. The girl was seventeen
years of age, and coming eighteen the ensuing May,
in stature a woman grown; it is said she had been
a very troublesome girl. On this occasion she was
charged with open and direct disobedience of orders
and insolence of language; sfee fraukly admitted this
offense, and for it was punished by the superintend-
ent in person with a rattan about half an inch in
diameter and twenty inches long, upon the shoul-
ders and back of the neck—the number of blows no
onecan report. The superintendent says, * I struck
her with all my might;' 'she would not yield, I
sent for a larger stick, and then she held out her
hand.' After this beating and this submission she
was committed to the cell and the food of tho soli-
tary, where we found her on the 31st day of July.
Upon each shoulder the fleah was discolored, blue-
black in spots full as large as the palm of the hand,
and there were perfectly evident traces of blows
upon her back and shoulders. She soems to us a
resolute girl, of more than ordinary strength of pur-
pose and character: there were unmistakable evi-
dences also that her feelings were quick to respond
to appeals of tenderness and good-will, as no doubt
they are in quick passion.
" On the 5th of August we again visited the insti-
tution; she was suffering the solitary, it being the
seventh day of her incarceration; her shoulders
were still strongly discolored; the same indications
of character were manifest; it appeared she had
been visited by the matron daily with food, and
by the physician, who seems by the rules not to be
allowed to ' hold communication with any inmates
except in pursuance of his medical duty.' She
stated she had not been spoken to by any officer of
the establishment about her misconduct, her peni-
tence, her resolves or purposes, or about anything
connected with her imprisonment, and to this ex-
tent her statements were not denied. We repeated
thes<* statements to the superintendent, who replied
by this question to the girl, ' H-ive you ever sent for
me?' to which she answered, 4No,sir,'and to which
he rejoined, ' Well, then.\ She was finally released
from the cell on the evening of the 5th dav of Au-
gust, the same day of our second visit. Speaking
of the corporeal punishment, the superintendent
remarked, It was the severest flogging I ever had
to do.' In the course of this investigation we were
informed by this officer that in the boys' depart-
ment the punishments are sometimes inflicted with
an ordinary wagon-whip by the superintendent in
person."
All this was going on while those human-
itarians were engaged in buying substitutes to
go down aud fight the cruel slave drivers of the
South. It must have been in one of these
humane institutions that those boys were edu-
cated who some time ago stoned a school-
mistress to death. Is it to save their children
from this kind of high civilization that the
great crime of New England is so common?
For it is unquestionably true that more human
beings are destroyed before they come into
existence there in the course of five years than
have ever been so destroyed in the southern
States since the foundation of the Government,
The Ku Klux in North Carolina wait until their
victims reach manhood, and until they commit
enmeand escape from punishment, beforethey
take them in hand ; but the New England Ku
Klux destroy the innocent uuborn. We ail ie-
member the horrible expose made by the bureau
of statistics of that State two years ago, in
regard to the cruel and inhuman overworking
of poor little children in the factories. It
was announced in that report that children
under fifteen, and some under ten years of
age were worked u eleven hours.a day in fac-
tories all over the State;" and one overseer
testified that he had seen them go to sleep
while standing at their work, and was com-
pelled ''to sprinkle water in their faces to
arouse them after having spoken to them until
hoarse." According to the census, there are
in North Carolina 214,142 male citizens over
twenty-one years of age, and in Massachusetts
there are 312,770, and yet, notwithstanding the
superior culture and refinement of the latter
State, and notwithstanding more than one
third of the people of the former are of that
class recently held as slaves, the statistics
show that for every crime committed in North
Carolina there are more than three committed
in Massachusetts.
There is hardly a State of the North in
which 'there have hot been bloodshed and riots,
I have been told by a citizen of a great, north-
ern city, within the past fortnight, that it was
dangerous to walk upon the streets of that
city after sunset; and he is corroborated by
the newspapers. In one judicial circuit of the
State of Indiana, according to the statement
of the judge therein presiding, there have been
actually more men murdeied by mobs in the
past four years than have been killed by Ku
Klux in the whole State of North Carolina
from their organization to this day* And yet
no soldiers have been sent there.
In his charge to the grand jury touching the
murder of the Park family in Clark couuty,
Indiana, and the hanging of the three negroes
charged with the commission of the murder,
Judge Dunham said:
" Within the last four years, in this judicial cir-
cuit, there have been thirteen men murdered before
these three. Five were hung upon the beeoh trees
below Seymour—I speak words plainly; I do not
mince them—one of whom was an orphan boy, just
arrived at the age of maturity, left without- mother,
worse than latheriess. I think be was less than
twenty-one. He was one of the victims of that mur-
der. Two more were hung in the court-house'yard
at Brownstown; four in the jail-yard in the very
heart of New Albany, one of whom the whole com-
munity now believe innocent—I mean the youngest
victim of the murder; two 3outh of Orleans, between
there and Seymour. I believe if you count them
you will find they number thirteen. Thirteen men
hung by the neck in this State; more men than
have been judicially hanged in this State, in my
opinion, since Indiana has been a State/'
The men who hanged those three negroes
were said to have been disguised, and were,
therefore, Ku Klux I suppose; but was there
anything in the social and political condition
of that State which could by possibility ex-
tenuate such crimes? The editor of the New
York Tribune seemed to think there was,*
for in his paper of December 13 last, in com-
menting upon this case, he says:
" "When lynching becomes fashionable it is fair to
assume that the laws are not honestly executed and
the courts are not pure. It is because judges were
believed to be corrupt and timid, prosecutors un-
faithful, or jurorsm complicity with the criminals,
that Indiana mobs took the privilege of punishment
into their own hands, and whenever and wherever
justice is similarly prostituted we shall have.murder
usurping the functions of the law."
I emphasize the last two lines because they
contain the whole philosophy of Ku Kluxism.
'J'he people of North Carolina experienced for
years that same prostitution of justice, and
are now suffering from it. Lawless men in
organized bands did usurp the functions of the
law, because justice was prostituted under the
influence of other wicked and dangerous organ-
izations to which they opposed themselves. If
there had been no secret societies such as the
u Red Strings," ii Heroes of America, " and
" Union Leagues," whose members commit-
ted murders and rapes, burned barns, and
intimidated voters by threats and scourging3,
and then escaped punishment, there never
would have been any Ku Klux. Th^. one
begot the other and always will do it in ?any
country. It is all wrong, to be sure, bat it
is intensely human.
I purpose confining my remarks to events
which have occurred in my own State, because
the condition of the other southern States has
been and will be fully discussed by other mem-
bers of the committee whose duties, as. such,
have brought them more particularly under
their notice.
I shall not go back to the year 1672, as< this
majority report doeson page 273, and discuss
the general wickedness of the Government of
Str John Yeamans in Carolina, because I do
not see its immediate hearing on the question
before the House. There was no evidence
before the committee going to sbo.w that Sir
John Yeamans was a Ku Klux in 1672, -and
that therefore the habeas corpus ought to be
suspended in 1872, although it would be quite
as logical and reasonable to do so as to sus-
