208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSlONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Waddell.
42d Oonq 2d Sess.
pend it for offenses committed several years
ago, as the committee proposes.
I shall, in a few words, simply contrast the
condition of North Carolina before the war
with her present state. There was no land on
the globe inhabited by a braver, purer, more
bonest and hospitable people than that State
was. Containing no great cities and few rail-
roads, her citizens were plain, unpretending
agriculturists. It was on her soil that the first
Declaration of Independence was made, on the
20th of May, 1775, more than a year before Jef-
ferson penned, in almost the same language, his
immortal paper. Her people, while devoted to
the Union, loved her more ; for she was their
mother before the Union had any existence.
Rejoicing in peace, they always responded
promptly to the call of their country in every
•war in which it was engaged, and when our late
■unhappy revolution was inaugurated, though
they entered it sorrowfully, they fought through
it splendidly; and to-day, beneath the melan-
choly mounds with which that southern land
is billowed, there are more North Carolinians
sleeping, in proportion to the population of
the State, than there are soldiers from any
other State on either side. They had a simple,
economical government, and a very learned
and spotless judiciary, against whom no sus-
picion was ever breathed. And 1 will add,
for the benefit of the gentleman who so elab-
orately tabulated their illiteracy, that before
the war they had, besides their colleges, acad-
emies, and high schools, thirty-five hundred
common schools, attended by one hundred and
fifty thousand children, or two thirds of all in
the State, between five and twenty-one years
of age, and owned a school fund larger by
$500,000 than the State of Massachusetts had.
The State debt was comparatively small, taxes
were light, the administration of justice cheap,
and official corruption unknown.
Such was their happy condition twelve years
ago. What is it now ? Let the figures furnished
by a former State treasurer, published in the
minority report of this committee, on page 878,
tell, so far as the financial situation is con-
cerned. They are summed up as follows:
Taxable property of the State of North Carolina in
I860   $292,297,602
Taxable property of North Carolina in
1870  130,378,622
'Taxation for State purposes in 1860   543,643
Taxation for State purposes in 1870  1,160,413
Taxation for county purposes in 1860  255,117
Taxation for county purposes in 1870  923,624
Average eost of conducting the State
government for three years, (1858,1859,
and 1860)  137,977
Average cost for three years, (1868, 1869,
and 1870)  576,738
Public debt of North Carolina in 1861  9,699,500
Public debt of North Carolina in 1871...... 34,887,465
From these figures it appears that the State
debt has been increased nearly fourfold since
the war, (for the war debt is excluded,) as
also have been the yearly expenses of the State
andjhe county taxes each; while, although the
•taxable property has decreased one half, the
taxation for State purposeshas doubled. These
figures are more eloquent than any speech can
be, and contain an epitome of the history of
Radical reconstruction. In them can be found,
too, one of the cause,s of Ku Kluxism, but by
no means the only one.
I shall now proceed to discuss in a general
"way some of the other features of our situ-
ation.
And first, I wish to say that the effort which
■has been made to identify the Democratic or
Conservative party of my State with the Ku
Klux, and to make the terms convertible, is
■grossly unjust, and most discreditable to those
making the charge. I do not know of a single
•public man of that party who has not publicly
denounced Ku Kluxism as not only criminal
per se, but when committed by Democrats, as
•disastrous in a party point of view. And still
the allegation is persistently made that they are
responsible for all these offenses, and the par-
tisan press still continues to denounce every
man opposed to the Radical infamies which
have disgraced the State as one of the "Ku
Klux Democracy."
A year ago, when, after defeating a native
Radical who comrasmced the canvass with
about two thousand majority, I applied for
admission to my seat, a petition, purporting
to be signed by fifteen hundred names, was pre-
sented in the Senate protesting against the ad-
mission of Governor Vance and myself upon
the ground that we " were elected by system-
atic violence and bloodshed, for which we were
individually responsible," when the facts, so
far as I was concerned, were that during a
heated canvass of twelve counties, including
the day of election, there was not throughout
the entire district a single breach of the peace,
nor any complaint that a single human being
had been interfered with in the slightest de-
free in the exercise of his right of suffrage.
'he great mass of the ostensible signers of
the petition were colored mea who could not
write, and some of them came to me and told
me they never authorized the use of their
names, while others said they had been de-
ceived as to the character of the - petition.
When the matter was exposed in the Senate
the base libelers who had prepared the peti-
tion added the crime of perjury to the previous
one of forgery by swearing that they had signed
the names by authority and under circum-
stances involving a physical impossibility.
This, however, is but a weak illustration of
the uniform rascality which has characterized
he career of the Republican party of that
State.
Take one of the latest specimens, which is
furnished by the case of my colleague, [Mr.
Leach.] According to the affidavits of re-
spectable men of both political parties, it is as
clear a case of malicious prosecution and per-
secution for political reasons as ever disgraced
the judicial annals of any State. He is one
of those true sons of the soil whose services in
exposing and denouncing the crimes of that
party and in defeating one of its best candi-
dates in a large Republican district, have made
him an object of terror to its aspiring states-
men. It was necessary to get him out of the
way, and it was thought best to charge him
with being a Ku Klux. The attempt was made
by one of the leading Republicans of that'part
of the State, a Federal officeholder, and the
result was that the witness introduced to estab-
lish the charge confessed, on cross-examina-
tion, that he was instigated by that officer
under a promise that he would be discharged
from a prosecution for violating the revenue
laws, and was told by him that Leach must be
got rid of and his popularity broken down, for
the Government officer wanted his (Leach's)
place in Congress. It was further proved by
Democrats and Republicans alike that my col-
league had, when, invited, refused to join a
secret political society, had warned his fellow-
citizens against it, had denounced it as illegal,
and had actually broken it up.
And yet so great is their fear of his popular-
ity, and so determined are they to hunt him
down, that they have got up a new indictment
against him in the United States court for " in-
timidating voters," and a part of the pro-
gramme is to have his case taken up during
the next summer term, so as to keep him out
of the coming canvass as much as possible.
They are certainly welcome to all the votes
they make by that proceeding. I have cited
these two instances to show how the politicians
of that party illustrate its " greatmoral ideas."
I will now give you a specimen or two of the
judicial officers of that party, upon whom has
devolved the task of purifying the morals of
that community. A witness who sustains a
high character as a lawyer and gentleman,
testified before our committee in regard to
one judge (who still rides a large circuit) as
follows:
" He took a prisoner out of jail at twelve o'clock
at night and offered him amnesty and pardon if ho
would swear enough to convict me. Another per-
son, a deputy marshal of the United ^States, stated
in a public crowd that he was authorized by Judge
Logan to say that any man who would swear enough
to convict me of being the chief of the organization
in Lincoln county should have amnesty and pardon."
The same witness filed as part of his testi-
mony a copy of a memorial signed by thirty-
two lawyers, including every one of both
parties practicing in that circuit, (except the
solicitor of the court, and two State senators,
who would have been his judges in case of
impeachment, and whose official position,
therefore, made it improper for them to take
part in the proceedings of the bar, but who
approved them,) wherein it is alleged that jus-
tice had been impeded, confidence in the effi-
ciency of the Government aud laws had been
impaired, crimes had been multiplied, &c., by
reason of the " incompetency," as they termed
it, of that judge ; and the witness testified that
" his partisan administration of justice " was
what was referred to by the word incompe-
tency. He also said that that partiality " was so
gross as to be observed by everybody," and he
cited instances of it to the committee in which
the judge would fine a Democrat $100 for a
trifling offense, and when a Radical who had
cruelly beaten a Democrat with a slung-shot
without any provocation was convicted he
would fine him a penny and costs.
That judge has made most "loyal" efforts
in behalf of the Government against the Ku
Klux in the way I have mentioned, but although
he added to ignorance and partisanship what
a meeting of the bar solemnly resolved was
" a willful violation of the plain letter of the
law," and although the memorial was pre-
sented to the late Democratic Legislature, they
refrained from impeaching him, because of
their anxious desire to avoid even the appear-
ance of partisanship, and to keep down polit-
ical excitement. Another one of the Radical
judges resigned after steps had been taken for
his impeachment, another has been publicly
charged with receiving a bribe, others with
habitual drunkenness and the grossest igno-
rance ; but life is too short, to say nothing of
my brief hour, for a recital in detail of all
these things. The conduct of these officers,
and of the United States deputy marshals and
detectives, destroyed all confidence among the
people in the courts, and a few of the more
reckless of them, consequently, sometimes
took the law into their own hands. They were
nothing more nor less than vigilance commit-
tees, such as have existed in other parts of the
country, and they never embraced any consid-
erable number of the citizens; but their exist-
ence has been made the pretext for maligning
the whole population of the State, not only
by a partisan press, but in the official docu-
ments of the executive department of the
Government.
The President, in his message, while appear-
ing to desire to harmonize public sentiment
and inaugurate long-demanded reforms, in-
dulged in the usual misrepresentation of the
southern people, and foreshadowed the report
of the majority of this committee. By what
authority he undertook to say what the com-
mittee would report I do not know. The com-
mittee did not confer with him upon the sub-
ject, and they authorized no one to do so, or
to say what their report would be. However
that may be, the facts alleged by him as to the
state of society in the South are not true, but
they were sufficient, perhaps, for the accom-
plishment, of the desired purpose. The Presi-
dent in that message, among other baseless
assertions, says that in every case of arrest in
South Carolina during the time the habeas
