2948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
the entire customs and internal revenue laws
of the country, that is reported and read twice
on Monday, not printed till Thursday, and yet
made a special order for the following Tues-
day. This is a bill which demands at least a
month of careful study and comparison. It
lowers certain rates, raises others, abolishes
others, alters the existing classifications, and
introduces page after page of entirely new and
exceedingly important laws and regulations
deeply affecting the pecuniary interests of
millions ot people, anyone of whom it, may
capriciously make or undo; and yet the mem-
bers of this House are expected, while attend-
ing to their other numerous and exacting
duties, to learn the whole thing, and be pre
pared to give such consideration to the subject
as will best subserve the interests of their con-
stituents and the country.
Such haste is exceedingly reprehensible;
nay, it, is indecent. The most experienced
legislator would find it difficult to consider
this bill in a week of leisure ; and when it is
remembered that this House is largely com-
posed of gentlemen who have enjoyed the ad-
vantages of but one or two sessions of debate
on this subject, and that it involves the study
of a series of laws reaching back to 1861, the
immaturity of the day fixed for debating it
makes it seem as though it was riot an earliest
measure at all, and that it is not intended to
be passed.
not an earnest measure.
This view is strengthened by other consid-
erations. In the first place, it is well known
that the Administration do not desire to lower
the revenue. In support of this charge I refer
to the reports of the various officers of the
Government who administer the laws relating
to revenues. In the next place, this bill has
been closely followed up by another bill from
a minority of fin: same committee, a bill vvliich,
whatever its other merits or demerits, bears
some indication of being intended in earnest;
while, lastly, the inharmonious and incom-
patible nature of the majority bill is certain
to render it ob noxious from one Consideration or
another to almost every member of this House.
Leaving out. ot view the incongruous charac-
ter ol ill est! two bills, the substantial difference !
between tlietn appears to be that while the
majority bill lowers lea from fifteen to ten
cents, coliee from threo to two cents, pig iron
from seven to six dollars, manufactured iron
from five to twenty per cent., &c., and pro-
vides that these reductions shall go into effect
January 1, lK7;i, the minority bill puts tea
and colfee on tiie free list, almost immediately,
that is to say. from July 1, 1872, and lowers all
the oilier aitieles mentioned ten per cent,
except, iron, which it does not lower at all.
The tree list, on both is substantially the same.
It discriminates all through in favor of the
man u luct urei. I lie internal revenue pro visions
are subst<inti,illy. the same in the two bills.
They raise the productive tax on spirits from
fifty to sixty-five cents ; throw off some speeitic
taxes to balance, cut down the tobacco tax
five or six millions, tack on a volume of new
regulations to embarrass the trade and increase
the civil service during election, and provide
for some new jobs in the way of meters, stamps
and other''brown-stone" quarries to be worked
by the Administration. The sum of the differ-
ence to the country between the two bills, so
far as internal taxes are concerned, is shown
in the following table:
Majority bill.
£°!?a0C0  357,000,000 |
s,a   2.500,0001
Stamps  3,500,000 |
Total $13,000.000 '
Minority bill.
  81,000,000
tobacco  10,000.000
10,000,000
2,500,000
T°tal  500,000
With regard to the reductions effected by
these bills in customs duties, we import annually
about, one pound of tea and seven pounds ot
coffee per capita, if we estimate the popula-
tion next year at foity-two millions, v.e have
the following results:
Estimated importation of tea ami colfee in 1872.
Pounds.
Toa, atone pound per cctpito  '12.GOO.OUO
Coffee, at seven pounds per capita 294,000,000
At present rates these articles would yield
the following customs revenues:
Tea, 42.000.000 pounds at 15 cents  $6 300,000
Coffee, 294,000,000 pound, at 3 cents  8,820,001)
Total $15,120,000
Under the majority bill the revenues from
these articles would be as follows:
Ton,. 42,000,000 pounds, at 10 cents  £4.200,000
Coffee, 294,000,000 pounds, at 2 cents  5,880,000
Total §10,080,000
Under the minority bill they would yield
nothing, as they are declared free.
The majority bill proposes to cut down the
revenues from these articles about, five millions;
the minority bill would relinquish the entire
$15,000,000 ; the diffe fence between the two
bills in respect, of these articles is therefore a
difference of $10,000,000
The reductions on other articles, though
these articles and the rates of reduction on
them in the two bills are different, would
amount apparently to about the same, sum. I
have not been able to examine the details in
this connection, and cannot, therefore say
how much these restrictions amount to. As-
suming the amount to be m round figures
$10,000,000. we have the following summary
result:
Majority bill reductions.
On customs:
Ton and coffoe  ^5,000,000
Other articles  10,01)0,000
Internal revenues  13,000.000
Total  i28.000.0ll0
Minority bill reduction
On customs:
Tea, and enfloo 815,000,000
Oilier articles  lO.IIOO.OOO
Internal revenues    23,000,000
Total 
J," , "  iu,uuu.uuu
 
  448,000,000
Net result of the comparison: the majority
proposes to take $28,000,000 from oil' the
shoulders of this people, while the minoritv
bill offers to lake off $-18,000,000.
If 1 had never heard of the rival doctrines
of free trade and protection, 1 confess that as
between these bills [ would not hesitate a
single instant to record my vole in favor of the
latter one. It takes off nearly twice as much
burden; it relinquishes twice as much official
power, profit,, and patronage : it strikes off the
shackles, or loosens them, on seveial import-
ant industries ; il literally '' frees trade " twice
as much as the other bill, and it opens the
door to further reduction at no very distant
day.
On the other hand, the majority bill scarcely
removes enough revenue to counterbalance
the natural increase from year to year, fn
effect, the amount of revenues under the major-
ity bill for 1873 will scarcely be less than they
were this year; indeed, it is not impossible that
they may even be more. They will certainly
amount to between three hundred and fifty and
four hundred millions. This is no reduction
at. all. It is simply tinkering the tariff, tin
kering the revenue laws, and attempting to
trick the country into an appearance of
retrenchment. I say, substantially, that there
is no reduction in it at all, while the other
bill gives us nominally about forty eight mil-
lions. and really and substantially and undoubt-
edly $20,000,000 reduction—perhaps more.
I say again that if I had never heard of
free trade and protection, I should unhesitat-
ingly vote against the majority and for the
minority bill. Il is the better bill for the coun-
try as a whole, it is the better thing for my
section of it, it is the better thing for the
great Liberal party now looming up to demaffd
reform for the nation; and it is the better
thing for my wing of that reform movement,
the good old time-honored hard-shell Democ-
racy.
The only objection to the minority bill is that
it is a protective measure. There is no doubt
about that. It puts tea and coffee on the free
list, and by doing so saves iron and wool. It
lowers the rates on almost everything else but
iron, and this protective feature. It places on
the free list everything which a manufacturer
needs with which t,o carry on business, and by
cheapening tea, coffee, and eoal it even mate-
rially cheapens the price of the labor and fuel
he employs. Cheaper labor, cheaper materials,
and cheaper fuel, with iron as dear as ever, is
a condition of affairs of unquestionably peculiar
advantage to Pennsylvania; and that is the sole
ground of my objection to this minority bill.
There is only one reason for pursuing this
branch of the subject further. Will these
advantages, chiefly to be gained in the first
instance by Pennsylvania, not soon diffuse
themselves throughout the country and become
common to all? Although the potent laws
confer monopolies on inventors, the latter
cannot derive all or any material part of the
beneficial results of the invention. Mr. Howe
gets four dollars on every sewing-machine
made ; but there is not a man or woman in
the land who does not get a hundred times*
four dollars in benefits from each of them. So
with this tax bill. It gives a longer lease to
Pennsylvania monopoly. No doubt about
that. But Pennsylvania cannot pocket all the
advantages. Cheaper labor, materiafs, and
fuel will beyond all question bring about
cheaper prices even for iron, and experience
teaches us that before a year after the passage
of a measure like tbe one proposed the nation
at large wiii find its account in materially lower
prices for all things, even iron included.
I'he minority bill is a bold measure, and if
it does not command acquiescence, it at least
elicits admiration. Itsayssubstantially, "Give
us a few millions of extra profits this year to
divide up among our leaders, and we agree to
relinquish $50,000,000 of party plunder to the
country at large." That is the offer. Now let
us look at the other bill.
1 do not, find that this majority bill is any
less objectionable on free-trade grounds than
the other. It raises the duty on printing
paper from twenty to twenty-eight per cent.
ad valorem; it repeals the duties on packages
and charges pertaining to invoices of crockery
without repeal of the same duties pertaining
to other articles; it raises the duties on all
ribbons to the sixty-per-cent. rate on silk
ribbons; it places on the free list everything
used by manufacturers, and particularly New
liuglaitd manufacturers; and it arranges a
big plu m for the Boston gas companies by
throwing the internal taxes off of gas and lower-
ing the duties on bituminous coal. Added to
all these protective features is the all-import-
ant consideration that the bill affords no gen-
uine relief to the country, and taken together
these features are sufficient to condemn it.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is to be hoped that
while debating these bills in committee we
will so amend them as to present a bill which
will contain reductions greatly in excess of
any proposed in either of thera, and one that
will be more satisfactory to the country.
Mr. AIAYNARD took the floor, butsaidhe
did not propose to proceed with his remarks
until to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. If no other gentleman wishes
now to address the committee, I move that the
committee rise,
_ ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not ad*
vised that any gentleman wishes to address
the committee now,
Mr, Dawes's motion was agreed to.
