2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
FIELD, Of Ohio
is exhausted.
The amendment was not
Debate on this amendment
to.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his
Secretaries.
SECURITY OF LIFE ON STEAM VESSELS.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an act
entitled i 'An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
, purposes," approved February 28, 1871.
The Clerk read the following paragraph of
section eleven:
Secondly. They shall also inspect the boilers of
all steamers before the same shall be used, and
once a,t least in every year thereafter, subjecting
them to the hydrostatic pressure prescribed by this
act, and satisfy themselves, by thorough examina-
tion, that the boilers are well made, of good and
suitable material; that the openings for the passage
of water and steam, respectively, and all pipes and
tubes exposed to heat, are of proper dimensions and
free from obstruction: that the spaces between and
around the flues are sufficient, and that the flues are
circular in form, and the fire-line of the furnace is
at least two inches below the prescribed minimum
water-line of the boilers; and that the arrangement
for delivering the feed-water is such that the boil-
ers cannot be injured thereby; and that such boil-
ers, and the machinery, and the appurtenances may
bo safely employed iu the service proposed iu the
written application without peril to life; and shall
also satisfy themselves that the safety-valves are of
suitable dimensions, sufficient in number, and well
arranged; and that the weights of the satety-valves
are properly adj usted, so as to allow no greater pres-
sure m the boilers than the amount prescribed by
tho inspection certificate: that there is a sufficient
number of gauge-cocks properly inserted; and to
indicate the pressure ot steam, reliable and approved
steam-gauges, one of which is to be placed in each
lire-room and one in the engine-room, and which
shall at all times be subject to the inspection of pas-
sengers; and reliable water-gauges, and a suitable
steam-whistle; and that fusible metals aro prop-
erly inserted, except on sea-going steamers, so as
to fuse by the heat oi the furnace when the water
ia ih.3 boilers shall fall below its prescribed limits ;
and that adequate and certain provision is made
ior an umpla supply of water to feed the boilers at
'ill times, whether such vessel is in motion or not,
so that in all boilers the water shall not be less
than three inches above the top of the flues; and
also Um means of blowing out are provided, so as
to, sc Lr as prdcticablo, thoroughly remove the mud
and sediment from all parts of the boilers when
they are under pressure of steam: Provided, how-
ccer, That no kind of instrument, machine, or
muipment, for the better security of life, provided
for by this act, shall be used on any vessel carry-
ing passengers which shall be disapproved by the
board of sui-ervistng inspectors, and also by the
 Sccrctary of tho TrcaMiry.
Mr. HANKS. T move to amend the para-
graph just read by inserting after the word;?
''and shall also satisfy themselves that the
safety-valves are o; suitable dimensions, suf-
ficient in number, .md well arranged," these
words:
On© or more of which shall, if necessary in the
opinion of the inspectors to secure safety, be taken
wholly from tho conti'olof all persons engaged in
navigating such vessel, and secured by the inspect-
ors.
This is a requirement of the existing law,
and I think one ot' its most important pro-
visions.
Mr. NEGLEY. I hope the gentleman will
give the House some reason for his amend-
ment.
Mr. HANKS. I know on vessels navigat-
ing che Mississippi river that it is important
the control of the matter should be taken away
from the engineers.
Mr. NEGLEY. Name a single navigator
who is in favor of it, and I wiil agree there will
be some rpusaa for its insertion.
Mr. HANKS. I have heard no objection to
it so far, and understand that it is recom-
mended by tho board of supervising inspectors.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will tell the gentleman I
from Pennsylvania that the board of super- '
vising inspectors are not running this Con-
gress no®. The Committee on Commerce,
alter careful consideration of the whole sub-
ject, have agreed to strike out the provision I
which the gentleman desires to insert, and I !
hope the recommendation of the committee
will be followed. ^
Mr. HANKS. The recommendation of the
board of supervising inspectors is entitled to
respectful consideration by Congress. They
are gentlemen whose business it is to know all
about these matters and to make themselves
familiar with all these things, and they have
recommended the retention of this provision
in the law.
Mr. NEGLEY. No such suggestion has
been made to the Committee on Commerce.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BIRD. 1 propose to offer an amend-
ment, and time will be saved if the Speaker
will permit me to ask the gentleman a question
before offering the amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly.
message from tub senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympsos, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 347) granting a pension to
Sarah McEnany;
A bill (S. No. 793) entitled "An act to
amend an act approved February 28, 1871,
amending an act approved May 31, 1870, en-
titled 'An act to enforce the rights of citi-
zens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, andforotherpurposes "
An act (S. No. 879) granting a pension to
Mary Armstrong j and
A bill (S. No. 878) granting a pension to
the minor children of Amanda M. Ritchie.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the House of the following titles,
without amendments:
A bill (H. R. No. 1073) granting a pension
to Sarah Whiting;
A bill (H. R. No. 1197) granting a pension
to Captain Henry M. Scott; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2041) for the relief of the
children of John M. Baker.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 48) to settle and quiet
the titles of lands along the boundary line
between Georgia and Florida, with an amend-
ment; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 681) to provide for
the reporting and printing of the debates in
Congress.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1330) to amend
the thirty-second section of an act entitled'' An
act to reduce internal taxes, andfor other pur-
poses," approved July 14,1870.
It further aunounced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendments of the House to
a, bill (3. No. 565) to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to build a road from Lake
St. Croix to Lake Superior, asked a commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing vote of
the two Houses, and had appointed Mr. Car-
penter, Mr. Pokeroy, and Mr. Kelly, as
managers of said conference on its part.
st. croix and superior railroad.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move that the House
agree to the request of the Senate for a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment to the
bill (S. No. 565)^ to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to complete a road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
The motion was agreed to.
security of life on board of steamers.
_ The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 211G) to amend an act entitled
''An act to provide for the better security of
life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes,"
approved February 28,1871.
Mr. BIRD. I wish to inquire of the gen tie-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] whether
the lock-valve is provided for by any of the
sections of this bill, and if not, why not ?
Mr. NEGLEY. The committee have ex-
cluded the recommendation of any patents
from the provisions of this bill. They leave
with the Secretary of the Treasury and the
board of supervising inspectors the l'eeom-
mendation and adoption of any appliances
found necessary to preserve life.
Mr. HANKS. I desire to offer another
amendment, which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
In lino seventy-seven, second paragraph, section
eleven, after the words " engine-room," insert as
follows:
And suitable steam registers that will correctly
record each excess of steam carried above the pre-
scribed limit and the highest point attained, which
shall be taken wholly from tlie control of all persona
engaged iu navigating such vessels, and secured by
the inspectors.
Mr. NEGLEY. I should have no objection
to the amendment if the gentleman's require-
ment could be complied with, that these steam
registers should be wholly correct. There is
not a register now used, or that has been in
use, that is strictly correct.
Mr. HANKS. That may be possible. But
the sub-committee of the board of supervising
inspectors reports that the steam registers now
in use answer every purpose. Their report is
as follows:
Your committee, to whom were referred the Clark
steam register, and also the Edson steam registe-r,
respectfully report that both of said steam registers
are, in the opinion of your committee, when tested
in accordance with the rules of the 5oard of super
vising inspectors, reliable steam registers, and an-
swer all the requirements of law relative to steam
registers; and your committee recommend that the
same be approved by the board of supervising in-
spectors.
SAMUEL GUTHRIE,
JOHN iUEXSHAW,
JOHN S. DUVENNy.
Here is their unequivocal indorsement of
this thing as answering all the requirements
of the law for the purpose of securing the
safety of the traveling public.
Mr. SHELDON. I wish to say that in
considering this question we had before us
steamboat men, engineers, a constructor ot
tho Navy, and the patentees of these steam-
gauges ; and it was the concurrent opinion of
all that they were liable to get out of order,
and, of course, when they went out of order,
they would mislead everybody.
There is another reason why we should not
allow this. It is additional to the gauges which
engines ordinarily have. "We desire to leave
it to the engineer to rely upon that gauge, and
not upon gauges elsewhere. Further, in order
to provide for any inventions that may prove
to be good in the future, we agreed upon a
provision which will be found at the end of
section fifty-two, and which would allow the
gentleman's gauge to come in after it shall
have gone through the process there pre-
scribed. I will read the proviso for the in-
formation of the House:
Provided, That any such appliance or instrument
additional to what is presoribed in this act shall
before being adopted or ordered to bo used by such
vessels, be fully tested in actual practico on not less
than three vessels during a period of six months
then to be submitted to the supervising inspectors'
then tested by a board of officers appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, and by him approved as
well as by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Therefore, if there be any good inventions
in future, they can be introduced by going
through this process; and the steamboat men
need not be imposed upon as they have been
by patentees and combinations all over the
country. ^ But we do not wish to shut out any
ot these distinctly^ and hence we have provided
this very safe means of letting them in. It
seems to me it would be & very unwistj' ire*
position to Jay upon the steamboat men of
this country to put this gauge upon this law,
when it is the concurrent opinion of evc;ry one
