3844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I have the fioor,
■ and I move that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private
Caleudur.
Mr. MAY'NARD. I do not remember this
case, and I do not think that it is aa old
claim.
M r. BLAHl, of Michigan. I rise to a point
of order. The- gentleman from Maine did not
yield the floor to the gentleman from Illinois
to make the motion.
A M kmiikr. Only for a little gas.
Mr. FRYE. I did not yield for any such
mo! ion.
Mr. FARNSWORTn. I do not know what
the gentleman yielded the floor for. I know
1 had the floor, and the gentleman did not
put any restrictions upon me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois is correct; but the point of
order that the bill contains an appropriation
comes too latf*.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I admit that, but I
have made a motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of ih«: Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
did not underviind the gentleman from Maine
to retain the to the floor. If the Chair
is mistaken in that, he will be corrected by the
statement of the gentlemen from Maine.
Mr. FRY 12. I did retain the floor, and kept
oil the floor, and 1 did not yield it to the gen-
tleman from Illinois lor any purpose, lint with
his accustomed habit he look it without, ask-
ing-. [Laughter.]
Sir. FAUNS WORTH. Thegentleman from
Maine had ceased to talk, which is a very
extraordinary iccm rence, by the way, and the
Chair was about, to put the question on the
passage of the bill when I rose and took the
fioor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is the
fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. And I made the
mot ion before I took my seat.
Mr. FRY 13- I do not object to the motion.
The question was put upon Mr. Fa.un.s-
woimt's moth n ; and il was disagreed to—
eyes twenty-nine. noes not counted.
Mr. FRYE. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
- The previous question was seconded and
the ma.n question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the hill was ordered to be
engrossed and tend a, third tune.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. 1 call for the read-
ing of the en^iossed bill.
Mr. BLAIR,of Michigan. Then I move
that the lules be suspended and the bill
passed.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
81, noes 2; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. FaknSWOHTII
ar.d Mr. Fuye were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 112, noes 11.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
XOtiMAN W1AUD.
Mr. FRYB also, from the same committee,
reported hack, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (II. R. No. 334) for the re-
lief of Norman Wiard, and moved that it be
referred to Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
BARK A 1.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committeo
reported back, with the recommendation that,
it do pas3, the bill (S. No. 190) for the relief
of the owners of the bark A 1.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask if that
bill contains siu appropriation?
Mr. FRYE. It does, but I do not think
that point, can be made on a Senate bill.
Mr. BLAIIi, of Michigan. I do not think
the point of order lies to a Senate bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh yes, it
does.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill con-
tains an appropriation.
Mr. FRYE. I submit that as this is a Sen-
ate bill the point of order cannot be made
on it,.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
holds that it can be made as well upon a Sen-
ate bill as upon a House bill. 'I he Chair sus-
tains the point of order, and the bill is referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
JOSEPH SEflAR.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that
it, do pass, the bill (S No. 189) for the relief
of Joseph Segar, of Virginia.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury t,o pay to Joseph Segar,
of the State of Virginia, the sum of $15,000,
being the balance si ill due htm alter deducting
what lie has heretofore received for the use
and occupation of his farm in Elizabeth City
county, in Virginia, by the United States Army
during the war of the rebellion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
same point of order on that bill. It contains
an appropriation. Moreover, it is to pay for
the occupation of lands during the war.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have some knowledge
of this ease, i move that the rules be sus-
pended and this bill passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call attention
to the voucher which we have. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxaiid] says he
knotvs something about it.
'The question was taken ; and, two thirds
voting in the afliimative, the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORLTi. I move that the
rules be suspended so as to pass all the bills
the Committee of Claims may have to report.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Faiixswouth] lias not the
floor. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fhyjb]
has the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe a motion
to suspend the rules is iu order during the last
ten days of the session.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Such a motion
would be iu order by any gentleman who was
entitled to the floor to make it, but the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Frvk] is now entitled
to the floor.
J. W. PARISH and company.
Mr. FRY'E also, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, Senate bill
No. lj'J, conferring upon t.1 e Court of Claims
power to hear and determine the claim of J.
W. Parish & Co. for damuges for the alleged
violation of their contract with the United
States for the delivery of ice.
The bill, which was read, gives authority
to J. W. Parish & Co. to cotnrnenee a suit,
against the United States in the Court of
Claims for the recovery of such damages as
shall appear to have been sustained by them
by reason of the alleged violation by agents
of the United States of the contract entered
into on the 6th day of March, 1863, by and
between Henry Johnson, medical storekeeper
United States Army and acting medical pur-
veyor, and J. W. Parish & Co., for the de-
livery by said firm of the whole amount of
ice required to be consumed at Nashville, St.
Loirs, Cairo, and Memphis, during the re-
mainder of that year; and the courtis invested
with full power and authority to hear and
determine the validity of the claim, and the
amount, if any, of the damages of J. W.
Parish & Co.
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following;
Resulting solely from the violation of the con-
tract in the refusal of the Government to receive
the entire thirty thousand tons named in said
contract.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ This bill refers
the whole subject to the Committee of Claims?
Mr. FRYE. Yes, with the limitation pro-
posed in the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read athird time;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HARRIET SPUING.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation t hat t lie
same do pass. Senate bill No. 'JOS, for the
relief of Harriet Spring, the heir of Captain
William Barker, deceased.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third lime.
The bill, which was read, provides for pay-
ing, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Harriet Spring, the
lieirof Captain William Batker, of Watetville,
Maine, the halt pay of a captain, from the end
of the revolutionary war to the death of Cap-
tain William Baiker, February 19, 1819, and
that a warrant be issued to Harriet Spring for
such bounty land as she is entitled to receive
in virtue ot the services of Baiker as private
soldier in said war.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to let this bill go to the Committee of
the Whole < 11 the Private Calendar. It is a
very huge claim, and tor a long petiod of lime.
I raise the point of order on it, not in any hos-
tile spirit, but because it makes a large appro-
priation and reaches back to the revolutionary
war.
Mr. FRYTE. This is a just bill; but as I do
not want to consume time now in contest over
it, 1 will let it go to the Committee of the
Whole.
1 he bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
CHAKLKS AND HENRYW. SPENCER.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committeo,
repotted back, with a reeommenda'ion that
the same do pass, Senate bill No. 087, for the
relief of Charles and Henry W. Spencer.
The question was upon ordering the hill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which  as read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pny to Charles
Spencer and Henry W. Spencer the sum of
$8,016 50 in full tor the illegal seizure and
destruction of their boat and personal prop-
erty on the Mississippi river, at New Madrid,
Missouri, in the j ear 1864. «
The bill was ordered to a third reading : and
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES A. WAGNER.
Mr. FRYE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the
amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
1494. for the relief of Charles Wagner.
No objection was made.
The amendment ol the Senate was to strike
from the bill the words " if removed from the
said Wagner's premises within one year."
Mr. FRYE. I move that the amendment of
the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE RKPORTS.
Mr. FRYrE, from the Committee ofCla'ms,
reported adversely upon the following; which
were laid on the table :
Bill (H. R. No. 23) for the relief of Michael
Feutenhime;
