1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8845
Memorial of John Bulfinch, for damages to
the schooner Wings of the Morning and the
brig Ocean Belle;
Memorial ot Samuel Flanders, of Massachu-
setts, asking to be remunerated for moneys
expended on property belonging to the United
States Government;
Memorial of Larnet Hall, jr., of Massachu-
setts, praying to be reimbursed for moneys
expended by him on buildings, &c. on Govern-
ment land in the said State ;
Petition of Francis Priest, for compensation
for property used by the Army ;
Memorial of the heirs of Charles F. Sibbald,
deceased ; and
Bill (II. 11. No. 653) for the relief of J.
Morgan Baker and William II. Beatty. trading
as Baker & Beatty.
joseph l. iikywood and otiiers.
Mr. SMI ni, of New York, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill (II. R. No.
2909) for the relief of Joseph L. Ileywood and
others; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust and settle at
a reasonable sum, and on satisfactory proof,
suspended or disallowed items in the accounts
of Joseph L. Ileywood, late marshal of Utah,
for compensation of guards, and provisions
and supplies for same; escorting the judges
to court ; guarding the couri-liouse; for com-
pensation and supplies of aids and guards em-
ployed to assist in the execuiion of process,
and in guarding prisoners after arrest; for pay-
ment of rent ot' court-room ; for personal ex-
penses incurred while serving process, and f.ir
  reasonable allowance for guarding and board-
ing pii-:oiiers in the penitentiary ; the amount
allowed not to exceed $30,000, and to be paid
iiom any unexpended balance of appropria-
tions for expenses of United States courts
prior to July 1. 1871, and distributed and paid
pro rata among the holders ol the drafts and
cenificaies drawn by said Ileywood and now
iu I lie Treasury Department.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly icad the tliird time, and passed.
j\lr. SMlTll, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tbe bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
collector jajiks 1'. casey.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported a bill (H. It. No. 2904)
for the relief of James F. Casey, collector of
the port of New Orleans; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasuiy to credit to James F. Casey, collector
of customs for the port of New Orleans, the
following items in the settlement, of his ac-
counts: $394 18, the sum paid John Hancock
as assistant auditor in the New Orleans cus-
tom* bouse for services from February 25 to
April 22, I860, and $005 24, the sum paid
Robert L. Ream, jr., for services as clerk in
the custom-house from February 1 to June 7,
1809 ; provided the Secretary of the Treasury
shall lind that such services were performed,
and payment made in good faith by said col-
lector.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Were these
officers authorized by law?
Mr. SHELDON. These men were appointed
in February, 1809, under the administration
of Perry Fuller, and were in office when Mr.
Casey came in. There names were borne on
the rolls and they were paid in good faith.
They performed the services. It appears at
this" late day that their oaths of office are not
on lile in the Treasury Department. How they
' were lost no one seems to know. 'The services
■were performed and the money paid in good
faith, and this simply asks thai credit be given
the collector for the moneys which he paid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
geokcsb ruber.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (U. It. No. 2904) for
the relief of George Reber: which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to George Uever, of Sandusky,
Ohio, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $797 15, in
full for damages to his building in Sandusky.
Ohio, oeca-ioned by quartering therein United
States soldiers, from January 15, to April 13,
1804.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin m'math.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also from the same
committee, reported a bill (II. R. No. 2905) for
the relief of John McMath; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the accounting officers of the Treasury
Department to audit and pay to John McMath,
late private second battalion Veteran Reserve
corps, transferred from the ninety-eighth Ohio
volunteers, for military services, the addi-
tional bounty of fifty dollars provided by law,
as though application had been made therefor
according to the provisions of tbe act of July
13, 1S70.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin ii. norman and samuel facer.
Mr. FOSTER, ofOhio, also from the same
committee, also reported a bill (H. R. No.
2900) for the relief of John II. Norman and
Samuel Facer, of Sandusky, Ohio; which was
rsad a first and second time.
The bill which was read provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to John H. Norman and
Samuel Facer, of Sandusky, Ohio, out of any
money, in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $72 80, in full for black-
smith work done for the United States Army
in Sandusky, Ohio, during the war in 1804.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alexander m'artiiur.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1382) for the relief of Alexander McAnbur,
of the city of Corunna, in the State of Michi-
gan, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $700 be, and the same is thereby,
allowed and ordered to be paid to Alexander
McArthur, of Corunna, Michigan, for dam-
ages sustained by him 111 consequence of inju-
ries to his house in Corunna, leased to the
United States on the 15th day of August, 1803,
for barracks for the provost marshal's office
for the sixth district in said State of Michigan,
which said injuries were done by the soldiers
occupying the same.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; aud being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ce0i1g1s vt. stukteyant.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, rpported back, with an amendment, tho
bill (II. li. No. 1310) for the relief of George
W. Sturtevaut.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of tbe Treasury to pay to George
W. Sturtevaut, of Dodge county. Wisconsin,
$100, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, in full settlement of
all claims on his behalf growing out of money
paid bySlurtevant to the United States receiver
of the Milwaukee land office by mistake.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out in line live, after iheword •' Wiscon-
sin," '-$100" and to insert m lieu thereof
"$100."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bid was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OMAHA NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from tho sumo
committee, reported a bill (II. R. No. 2'.>07)
for the relief of the Omaha Na'iomil Bank;
which was read a lirst. and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the Omaha National Bank
$1,503 90, in lieu of draft No. 180 on the
United States depositoty at Chicago, Illinois,
dated September 14, 1871, payable to the
order of J. B. Bogert, and signed by TI. C.
Ransom, colonel and quartermaster of the
United States Army; provided that before tile
payment hereinbefore authorized the Omaha
National Bank shall execute a bond of indem-
nity to the United States with sufficient sure-
ties against the claim of the payee m tho draft.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peter j. ijurcii'sll.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from thesamo
committee, reported a bill (II. R. No. "912)
for the relief of Peter J. Burohell; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It directs that there be '
paid to Peter J. Burcheil, of Kane county,
Illinois, out of any money in the Treasury not
Otherwise appropriated, the :sum of $318 05,
for the occupation and damages to his house
and premises by United Statos recruiting offi-
cers in the years 18G3 and 1814.
Mr. DICKEY- I should like to hpve some
explanation of tho bill. The Committee- of
Claims in the last Congress rejected this claim.
I understand it is for the occupation of prop-
erty by United States troops.-
