1872.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
42x> Cong.... 2d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Waddell.
Ho. of Reps,
eorpus was suspended, there was " indubitable
evidence of the guilt of the parties seized," and
yet I know that one gentleman, a descendant
of a judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and a grandson of a distinguished Gov-
ernor of North Carolina, was arrested and
confined for thirty-four days and nights in a
dungeon, a part of the time in the same cell
with a negro felon, before he was informed of
the accusation against him, and when at the
expiration of that time he was informed of the
charge, so promptly and conclusively proved
its falsity that even his military persecutors
were compelled from mere shame to release
him at once. That gentleman has no redress,
and his case is by no means a solitary one.
Perhaps the most pitiful complaint in that
message against our people was one which was
worn out by the carpel-bag thieves and Freed-
men's Bureau bummers several years ago. I
allude to the whine about social ostracism.
That is a crime which it is impossible to per-
petrate against a gentleman, and therefore it
finds a place in the catalogue of offenses com-
plained of by the Executive against the southern
people. What proper connection that has with
" our duties as citizens of the General Govern-
ment, and how it is to be made a subject of
legislation by Congress are questions which
stagger me. The Secretary of War, too, found
it necessary to give an excuse for the campaign
in the South, inasmuch as the Army was
needed elsewhere, and, with a decidedly mili-
tary emphasis worthy of the war minister of a
military Government, he, scorning the assist-
ance of any evidence, proclaims as a fact that
"a second rebellion exists, the suppression
of which requires the presence of the Army."
He says, too:
"It is a painful fact that in some portions of the
South freedom of opinion is not tolerated if that
opinion is expressed in opposition to the doctrincs
of the late rebellion !"
As the Secretary in 1861 was afraid the re-
bellion would not succeed, and vexed his soul
with anxiety on that subject, perhaps he ought
to know the ''doctrines" on which it was based.
The generally received opinion, I believe, is
that those "doctrines" were the right of a
State to secede, and the right to hold slaves.
The allegation of the Secretary, therefore, is
that a new rebellion exists, and that the south-
ern people will not tolerate opposition to se-
cession and slavery—an assertion which illus-
trates alike the veracity of the Secretary and
the extent of his confidence in the intelligence
of the people
Why did not the President and the Secretary
tell you that in a county of the district which
1 represent, a band of negro outlaws, led by
one Lowrey, have for years been robbing and
murdering white men with impunity ; that they
have killed twenty-four respectable citizens,
(more than the Ivu Klux have ever killed in
the whole State ;) that the citizens had begged
for United States soldiers, and that a squad
was sent there, and, like the army of the king
of France, had " marched up the hill and then
marched down again," their only experience
being to hearthecrack of Lowrey's rifle within
two hundred yards of their camp, and to see a
murdered citizen lying on the highway? If
Lowrey's gang had been Ku-Klux, and the
victims had been negroes or Republicans, does
anybody believe they would now be roaming
through the country producing a reign of
terror ?
Why did they not, tell you that their soldiers,
not content with running riot over the poor,
degraded, humiliated Slate ot South Carolina,
had, with allthe panoply of war, invaded North
Carolina, where the machinery of civil govern-
ment was quietly at work, and had arrested the
chairman of the board oi commissioners ot
Cleveland county and three other citizens,
liad abducted them by force out of the State,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 14.
and had imprisoned them without form or
color of law in South Carolina, where the habeas
corpus was suspended, and where they could
not even inquire into the cause of their arrest,
or get the least redress for such an outrage ?
Why did they not tell you that some of the
United States marshals in North Carolina go
about with pistols in their belts and cowhides
in their hands insulting and brow-beating citi-
zens, exacting illegal fees from and black-
mailing them, arresting and imprisoning them
upon the merest pretext, and then discharging
them without a trial; that one of them had
shot down with impunity and left lying on the
roadside an inoffensive citizen, against whom
he had no process, and who had offered him no
resistance, because he would not go to jail at
his bidding, and that this official assassin had
gone scot-free? Which of the gentlemen so
eager to punish Ku Klux and protect the peo-
ple in the enjoyment of their rights and liber-
ties has anything to say about these and other
similar outrages? What Republican news-
papers of the North have even commented on
them ? Who has condemned them ?
I state facts. A poor, hard- working farmer
has toiled a whole year to make bread for his
family; he has gathered his little crop and
housed it; he eats his frugal evening meal,
and with cheerful gratitude goes to his humble
bed ; he is roused at midnight by the crackling
flame which devours the whole fruits of his
year's labor, his all, while the loyal Union
League incendiary walks away in the light of
the conflagration. He is arrested, tried, con-
victed; a corrupt judge sets aside the verdict,
or a corrupt Governor pardons him. The law
gives no redress. The farmer, in despair at the
prospect of starvation before his family, blows
his own brains out; his outraged neighbors
take the law into their own hands and hang the
incendiary, and immediately the whole coun-
try rings with the cry of " Ku Klux." But
when armed soldiers, under command of an
officer, make a raid from one State into another,
arrest, drag off, and incarcerate its citizens in
that other State, where they cannot enjoy even
the poor privilege of having their cause invest-
igated, no one of these guardians of public lib-
erty lifts his voice in condemnation ; and when
I, as the Representative of these outraged
people, introduce a respectful resolution of
inquiry into the crime, it is objected to and
not, received by this House.
Hear another case. Another Loyal Leaguer
commits a cold-blooded murder; he is con-
victed and sent to the penitentiary ; he is soon
pardoned out and returns to the scene of his
crime, flaunting his pardon in the face of the
community, and boasting his immunity from
punishment for future crime. Within a week,
he commits another crime, and is in jail within
a fortnight of his former release. He boasts
that he will soon again be free, and assigns as
a reason for his faith that the Governor will
befriend him and ail like him. The friends
of his victims wrongfully, but humanly, determ-
ine that he shall not escape punishment, and
they hang him, whereupon the same cry of
! "Ku Klux" and •'rebellion" is raised. But
| a deputy United States marshal meets a stranger
! on the highway, arrests him without warrant,
j and without alleging any offense against him
i attempts to take him to prison, and when the
prisoner, without any resistance, tries to run
away, he shoots him down, leaves his body on
the roadside, and proceeds serenely about his
business. If these things are told on the streets
of your cities the reply is apt to be a yawn, a
shrug of the shoulders, and perhaps an inquiry
as to the price of Seneca sandstone.
Indeed, it would be exactly in accordance
with the policy of this Administration if each
of these loyal villains shall be promoted for
his valuable services. Look at the favors al-
ready bestowed on their predecessors in crime.
The late Governor of North Carolina, after
being impeached and removed from office, and
after being indicted in the courts from which he
was a fugitive, took refuge here in thebosom of
the Administrationaseditorofitsorgan. Kirk,
the cut-throat whom he imported from Ten-
nessee to oppress and outrage his fellow-citi-
zens with the bayonet, a man who ought to go
down to everlasting infamy for the murder of
a poor, half-witted boy who knelt pitifully to
him, and begged for his life in vain, this Kirk,
who also fled from justice, came here for his
reward, and got it. Bergen, Kirk's lieuten-
ant colonel, another fugitive from justice, was
appointed consul to Pernambuco. The former
carpet-bag treasurer of the city in which I live,
and who was a defaulter in that office, naturally
gravitated to the Treasury of the United States,
and was recently promoted in the Third Audi-
tor's Office, his defalcation being known to the
Third Auditor, and as I have reason to believe,
to the Secretary of the Treasury also. Ought
we not to expect that the officer who raided
into North Carolina, and the deputy United
States marshal who shot down the inoffensive
citizen, will also be promoted ?
I could cite numberless instances of this
kind, and for each one could find as broad a
contrast. But what would it avail? I am
told that the northern people cannot be roused
by a recital of these acts of despotism in the
South; that nothing will bring them to a real-
ization of the true situation until the armed
heel of the despot rings before their own
doors. If this be true, can a southern man
be expected to weep when the catastrophe
happens? I think not. If the wrongs and
outrages and usurpations practiced on them
are matters of indifference to their country-
men of the North, then they are paving the
way which leads to a similar experience, and
will deserve no sympathy when they reach it.
If the "nation could not exist half slawi and
half free," it is very certain that it canno^atjd
ought not to exist with the peo'ple of one kslf
of it domineering and tyrannizing over the
other; imposing upon them more than their
full share of the burdens of Government, and
denying to them any part of its benefits.
You crowned your reconstruction legislation,
which bankrupted and ruined and degraded
those States, by this unconstitutional Ku Klux
bill; and what have been its fruits? You
succeeded in convicting a few criminals and
alleged criminals, and in punishing them, but
the amount of perjury and general demoraliza-
tion which it has produced, the terror result-
ing in the expatriation of hundreds of inno-
cent families which it has wrought, the false
and pernicious ideas in regard to the relatiou
between a certain class of citizens and the
government which it has developed, the antag-
onisms of race, and the bitterness and hatred
which it has fostered, outweigh a million times
the combined benefits which its most honest
advocates ever dreamed it could effect; and
to-day the majority of this committee come
before Congress and ask that its most offensi ve
and outrageous features may continue to be
enforced beyond the time limited in the bill'
This, too, in the face of the fact that accord-
ing to the testimony the bulk of'he crimes
complained of were committed before tne Dill
passed Congress a year agd- , .
Gentlemen who wish to continue this kind
of legislation must know that they are alien-
ating the southern people more and more
every day. Those people would not be human
beings, much less enlightened American citi-
zens if the result could be otherwise, and
therefore, notwithstanding the profession of a
desire to pacify them and restore to them good
governments, the conviction forces itself upon
them that these gentlemen do not want them
to be peaceable and quiet and prosperous, but
would be glad to goad them to desperation or
