1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2053
capable of having an opinion upon the subject
that it will do no good whatever, but, on the
contrary, will do harm.
The question being put on Mr. Haxk s
amendment, it Was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following section:
Sec. 23. That in order to carry this act fully into
execution the ton supervising inspectors now in
office shall continue in commission : and whenever
a vacancy occurs, from death, resignation, or re-
moval, the President of the United States shall,
with tho advice and consent of the Senate, ml the
vacancy by appointing a successor, 'who shall be
selected for his knowledge, skill, and practical expe-
rience in the uses of steam for navigation, and is a
competent judge of tho character and qualities ot
steam-vessels, and of all parts of tho machinery
employed in steaming. The said supervising in-
spectors shall assemble together as a board, oncem
each year at least, at such times and places as the in-
terests of the service may require, for joint consult-
ation, "Which meetings shall be open to all interested,
and shall assign to each of the supervising inspectors,
respectively, the limits of territory within which he
shall perform his duties 1 and the said board shall es-
tablish all necessary ra I es and vegul ations required to
carry out in the most elf ective and economical manner
the provisions of this act for the satety of lite 5 also
rules and regulations for their own government and
that of tho several boards of local inspectors m the
performance of their official duties! Provided, how-
ever, Thatthe supervising inspector for the district
embracing the Pacific coast shall not be under obli-
gation to attend the meetings of the board unless
the exigencies of the service require it; and when
he does not attend such meetings he shall make his
communicotions thereto in the way of a report, m
such manner as the board shall prescribe. The su-
pervising inspector general now m office shall con-
tinue in commission, and whenever a vacancy shall
occur from death, resignation, or removal, the Pres-
ident of the United States shall, by and with the
advice and consent of tho Senate, fill the vacancy
by appointing a successor, who shall be selected with
reference to his fitnees and ability to systematize
and carry into effect all the provisions of law relat-
ing to the steamboat inspection service, whose duty
it shall be, under the direction of the Secretary ot
the Treasury, to superintend tho administration ox
the steamboat inspection laws, preside at the meet-
ings of the board of supervising inspectors, receive
ail reports of inspectors, and receive and examine
all accounts of such officers, report fully at stated
periods to the Secretary of the Treasury upon ail
matters pertaining to his official duties, and produce
a correct and uniform administration of the inspec-
tion laws, rules, and regulations; and the said
supervising inspector general shall be paid for his
services at tho rate of $3,500 per annum, and all his
reasonable traveling expenses, or mileage, at the
rate of ten cents per mile when on official duty.
Mr. SHELLABARGEll. 1 desire to sug-
gest an amendment to this section. I do not
know whether it was considered in committee;
I do not remember how that was. But I move
to strike out in the last part of the section the
words "reasonable traveling expenses, or
mileage, at the rate of ten cents per mile when
on official duty," and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Actual and necessary traveling expenses, not to
exceed ten cents per mile, incurred in the discharge
of his official duties, to be allowed by the proper
accounting officers upon proper vouchers, and veri-
fied by oath.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 29. That all coasting, steam, and sail vessels,
and all such vessels navigating lakes, bays, rivers,
inlets, sounds, and harbors, other than the water
flowing into the Gulf of Mexico, or their tributaries,
shall, when meeting and passing each other, comply
with tho following directory rules, already estab-
lished by the board of supervising inspectors and
now in use, namely.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. t I beg
to suggest that tlie portion of the section just
read should be made to read " that all
steamers shall, when meeting and passing each
other, comply with the following directory
rules," &c. The rules which follow, and
-which cover several printed pages ot this bill,
apply invariably to steamers, and not to sail-
ing vessels. At the end of those rules there
is a general provision that " the board of
supervising inspectors may establish such rules
and regulations to be' observed by steam
vessels or steam and sail vessels, in passing
each other, not in conflict with any provision
of this act," as they shall from time to time
deem necessary for safety. But all of these
rules apply invariably to steam vessels.
Mr. NEGLEY. It is quite as necessary that
the same rules in regard to passing and sig-
naling should be observed on sailing vessels as
on steam vessels ; for life is as valuable on the
one as on the other. It would in many cases
be as great a loss of property for a sail vessel
to bo run down as for a steam vessel to be ran
down.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Everyone
of these rules requires the signal to be given
by a steam whistle, and a sailing vessel has no
steam whistle.
Mr. NEGLEY. They have other appliances
for signaling.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That
maybe; but these rules require tho signal to
be given by a steam whistle.
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I beg the
gentleman's pardon; I have looked over these
rules very carefully, and they all refer to steam
whistles.
Mr. NEGLEY. If tho gentleman will indi-
cate some amendment to enable sailing ves-
sels to make their signals by other means that
will answer the purpose, I will have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. As I
have already said, there is a provision in the
bill which gives a general power to the board
of supervising inspectors to make provisions
for sailing vessels meeting and signaling.
Mr.. NEGLEY. Both sailing vessels and
steam vessels should conform to the same rules
and regulations.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, llow can
a sailing vessel conform to rules requiring sig-
nals to be given by steam-whistles?
Mr. NEGLEY. But they can make signal
by some other mechanical appliance.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. But these
rules require all signals to be given by steani-
whistles. I move to amend the first part of
this section so as to make it apply to steamers
only. All these rules are rules for steamers,
and not for sailing vessels.
Mr. NEGLEY. I agree with the gentleman
that a sailing vessel cannot announce her own
approach by a steam-whistle; but she can
announce her approach by a fog-horn or some
other appliance.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. _ But you
require it to be done by a steam-whistle. All
these rules, every one ot them, applj*to steam-
whistle signals.
Mr. LYNCH. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts is mistaken in saying that these
rules all apply to sailing vessels as well as
steamers. They refer to steamers, hor in-
stance—
RuleI. When steamers are approaching each
other, head and head; „.v .,i„
IIclh 2. When steamers are approaching each other
in an oblioue direction; ,
Bole 3. If when steamers are approaching each
0tRuLE -1. Whenever a steamer is Bearing a short
bend or curve in the channel.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Let the
gentleman refer to rule eight, and he will find
that under that rule a yawl-boat cannot move
out of her dock without blowing a steam-
whistle. ... ,
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will make
his amendment apply to rule eight he will ac-
complish his object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. How can
a sailing vessel give a signal by blowing a
steam-whistle ? , . ,
Mr. LYNCH. An amendment to rule eight
will accomplish the gentleman's object. _
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman from Maine [Mr.^ Lynch] is
entirely mistaken in his construction of these
Mr. NEGLEY. I am satisfied, Mr. Sneaker,
that there is a misunderstanding in regard to
section twenty-nine. There is a provision in
a subsequent part of the bill in regard to the
appliance to be used by sailing vessels m
giving a signal.
The amendment of Mr. Hoopeb, of Massa-
chusetts, was not agreed to, there being—ayes
nine, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Rule 8. When boats are moving from their dock
or berth, and other boats are liable to pass from any
direction toward them, they shall give a long blast
of tho steam-whistle; but immediately after cleo rin^
the berth so as to be fully in sight, they shall be gov-
erned by the regular signals.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the rule
just read by striking out the word "boats,"
wherever it occurs, and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "steamboats."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rule 3. When two boats are about to entor a nar-
row channel at the same time, the ascending boat
shall bo stopped below such channel until th'i de-
scending boat shall ha.ve passed through it; but
should two boats unavoidably meet m such a chan-
nel, then it shall be the d-uty of the pilot of the as-
cending boat to make the proper signals, and, when
answered by the descending boat, to lie as close as
possible to the side of the channel the exchango oi
signals may have determined, as allowed by rule
one, and either stop the cosines or movo them so as
only to give the boat steerage-way, and the pilnt of
the descending boatshall cause nisboatto bo worked
slowly until he has passed the ascending boat.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by striking
out "boats," wherever that word occurs, and
inserting in lieu thereof the word " steamers.''
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire to ask gentlemen
in what way they propose to provide for sig-
nals by sailing vessels, or whether they think
it of no moment that we should provide agsdnst
the collision of sailing vessels?
Mr. STORM. The committee that reported
the bill ought to have provided for that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. And by
some other way than the "blowing of a steam-
whistle, which sailing vessels have not.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. It is evi-
dent that rule three refers only to steamboats.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman having charge of this bill.
It seems to me important that we should un-
derstand from some one who has knowledge
of the bill whether this rule is intended ^ to
apply to both sailing and steam vessels. The
language is broad enough to cover both.
Mr. NEGLEY. The requirement of siguals
is intended to apply to both classes of vessels ;
but in section forty-seven it is jfrovided tliat
sailing vessels shall sound a fog-horn. If the
gentleman desires to make the language ot this
rale more perspicuous, he can move an amend-
ment so as to provide that as to sailing vessels
there shall be used an equivalent to a steam-
whistle. That will meet the requirement of
the case.
Mr. POTTER. My object was simply to
call the attention of the gentleman to this
matter that we might ascertain the meaning
of the rule. If it is intended to apply only
to steam vessels, it should be limited in the
manner my colleague [Mr. Towksend] sng-
eeMr. LYNCH. The provision is that the
signal to he exchanged shall be the same as
is*provided for in rale one, which is a steam-
whistle. So that I think the paragraph will
have to bo made applicable to steam vessels
only, or there must be some other amend-
ment.
Mr. NEGLEY. Section forty-seven pro-
vides for the use of a fog-horn by sailing ves-
Se*Mr. POTTER. If I may be allowed, I will
call attention to another phrase. Shou.d two
boats unavoidably meet m such channel, it is
provided there shall bean exchange of signals,
and under rule one the signal is to be by the
steam-whistle—a somewhat difficult thing to
do with a sailing vessel, ihen u is provided
for stopping the engines to give the boats steer-
age way It seems to me that could not have
been intended to apply to sailing vessels.
Mr. NEGLEY. These signals are intended
to apply to both vessels ; but of course the
manner of making them will differ.
