1158
THE 00KGB1SSI0NAJ, GLOBE.
February 21,
no pinnacle upon which man can stand above
the laws, the duties, and the rules resting on
the poorest and the humblest in the land. I
kuow of no "benefit of clergy," of no "priv-
ilege of sanctuary" which shields a Senator
from responding to allegations touching
him; and I know of no time in the history of
the Republic when, so much as now, you
might aim investigation anywhere without be-
ing invidious or oat of fashion. I propose the
amendment upon my own responsibility, wish-
ing to assume it all, and if my act be the sub-
ject of criticism at all, that criticism is least
appropriate coming from the Senator, who, in
the language I have read, attempted to fasten,
and who even now again, in defiance of fact
and of right, seeks to fasten an imputation
upon a high and blameless officer, upon the
first officer of the country.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I think the
attempt would be vain, indeed, to equal the
Senator from New York in magnificence of
phrase or of gesture; but certainly he cannot
mean to intimate here that I decline an invest-
igation of the conduct of Senators. He can-
not have forgotten that yesterday I declared
most emphatically and repeatedly that I even
invited that investigation. He certainly can-
not insinuate that I shrink from it. But I will
repeat what I said, that I shall vote for that
investigation with all the scorn inspired by
the motives which dictated it.
Sir, let me again turn to the thing that looks
like argument in this controversy. A case
has been dragged in by the Senator from New
York from which I will not let him escape so
easily. I asked him whether the facts I had
stated in regard to the general-order business
were not correct. He did not say they were
not. He did not assert that it was not a most
scandalous system of plunder. He did not
assert that it had not been investigated by a
committee of this body, and that the scandal
' had not been exposed in the glaring light of
day. He did not assert that the Secretary of
the Treasury had not investigated and report-
ed against it. He did not assert that this very
same scandal is not existing to this very day.
He did not deny the correctness of my logical
conclusion, that if'public opinion was not strong
enough to remove it, that if the Secretary of
the Treasury, in spite of his adverse opinion,
was not strong enough to abolish it, there must
be some power stronger than public opinion
and stronger than the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sustain it. Let him indulge in phrases
ever so magnificent, let him walk up and down
here with an air ever so gorgeous, let him say
to me that what I stated was ever so base, yet
the truth of it he cannot deny, and there I hold
him. [.Manifestations of applause in the gal-
leries, which were checked by the Vice Presi-
dent.] And now, sir, here we stand before
the country, one of us exposing himself to
obloquy for a cause which he has proven to
be j.ust and according to established truth, and
the other vociferates against him in the most
magniloquent way, who has not yet shown that
he possesses the courage in the face of "the
powers that be" to draw an honest conclusion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from New York, to strike out
the words "spy or emissary" and insert
"agent or officer thereof."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment as amended, on'which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
•The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 49, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler. Clayton. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
pon, Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Hitcheoek, Jobnstott,
Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, MorriJl of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Pome-
roy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Vickers, West, Windom, and Wright—19.
NAY-Mr. Sprague-l.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of "West Virginia, Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis,Patterson, Pool, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Wil-
son—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the resolution and preamble before I
proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the question shall
be divided.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have a right to ask for
the yeas and nays on the resolution and pre-
amble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bat any Senator
has a right to demand a division, as it is plainly
susceptible of division, each proposition being
able to stand, the other being rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. I am now ask-
ing for the yeas and nays on the resolution and
preamble. Of course when we come to take
the vote they can be divided into forty parts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont demands the yeas and nays on the 
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the resolution and
preamble.
Mi'. SUMNER. I ask for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair enter-
tains that request, and decides that the Sen-
ator has a right to demand a division.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A division of what?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of the preamble,
as the Chair understands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand that;
and I submit thatnobody has a right to demand
a division of my demand as a Senator, if one
fifth of the members agree with me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, the
Senator has demanded the yeas and nays on
the resolution and on the preamble, and if
the Senate insist on the strict enforcement of
the rule, the question must first betaken upon
the resolution, and the preamble is reserved
by the Manual until the resolution shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure no one will
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Senate will take the question by
yeas and nays upon the preamble and resolu-
tion together.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair,
I wish that the order should be on each
specifically.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order for
the yeas and nays ?
Mr. SUMNER. The orderfor the yeas and
navs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Massachusetts as
desiring a division on the various clauses of
the preamble.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I demand a division
of the question on the preamble and the reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely. Then
the question will be on seconding the demand
for the yeas and nays upon agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
The ye s and nays were ordered on the
resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. A demand has been
made for the yeas and nays upon the pream-
ble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thedemandwas
made for the yeas and nays upon the pream-
ble, but that is not yet before the Senate. If
the rule is to be enforced, that must be re- ;
served until after action is had on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Have I not the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. The yeas and nays have
not been ordered on the preamble; and I
desire to say that in order to simplify this
question, that our final vote may be on the
resolution alone, I propose to withdraw the
preamble, the same being now in my power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
The preamble is not before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I most seriously object
to its withdrawal after we have wasted nearly
two weeks of the valuable time of this session
on that preamble and because of that pre-
amble and because it was insisted upon that
it should be discussed. I insist upon a vote
on it.
• Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The question
will be for the Chair to decide whether the
preamble is in my power now or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the question, because the rule is very
plain on the subject. The rule giving the
right to a member to withdraw o proposition,
which also has been by the usage of the Sen-
ate considered to include the right to modify,
reads as follows; it is the latter part of the
tenth rule: "And any motion may be with-
drawn by the mover"—which also means
"modified," as has been the construction—
"at any time before a decision, amendment,
or ordering of the yeas and nays, except a
motion to reconsider, which shall not be with-
drawn without leave of the Senate.'' The reso-
lution of the Senator from Massachusetts has
been amended by a vote of the Senate. The
question now is, does that include the pre-
amble? Is the preamble a part of the reso-
lution? If the preamble is a part of the reso-
lution, but only reserved for a vote after the
resolution shall have been disposed of, then
by the tenth rule, as this motion of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts has been amended by
the Senate, he has not the right now to modify
it by a withdrawal of the preamble. The Chair
will now ask the Senator from Massachusetts
and others to follow him to page 239 of the
Manual, which lays down, in an extract from
Grey and in the language of Jefferson in writ-
ing the Manual, the following:
"When a bill is taken up in committee, or on its
seoond reading, they postpone the preamble till the
other parts of the bill are gone through. The rea-
son is that on consideration of the body of the bil*
such alterations may therein be made as may also
occasion the alteration of the preamble."
The evident construction of this language
is that the preamble is part of the bill. The
Chair will again read these words, becausa
there is a marked difference between the two
sentences in this part of Jefferson's Manual:
" When a bill is taken up in committee, or on its
second reading, they postpone the preamblo till the
other parts of the bill are gone through."
That is to say, the preamble is part of the
bill; but it must be reserved until the other
parts of the bill are gone through:
" The reason is that on consideration of the body
of the bill such alterations may therein be made a?
may also occasion the alteration of the preamble."
And, therefore, the preamble is thus de-
clared in the extract from Grey, and also by
Jefferson's language, to be part of the bill,
the others parts having first to be disposed of
and the preamble last considered. A resolu-
tion of course follows the rule in regard to
bills, and therefore the preamble is part of the
resolution exactly as Jefferson and Grey, au-
thorities on both sides of the Atlantic, state
that the preamble is part of the bill; and as
this is part of the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, inasmuch as the tenth rule pro-
vides that "any motion may be withdrawn
by the mover at any time before a decision,
amendment, or orderingof theyeasand nays,"
as the motion has been air ended by the Sen-
