2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. POTTER. How are you going to stop
the engine to give a sailing vessel steerage
way?
Mr. NEGLEY. All these things are care-
fully provided for.
The amendment of Mr. Townsend, of New
York, was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that the rule be read now as it has been
amended.
The Clerk read as follows :
Rule 3. "When two steamers are about to enter a
narrow channel at the same time, the ascending
steamer shall be stopped below such channol until
the descending steamer shall have passed through
it? but should two steamers unavoidably meet in
such a channel, then itshall be the duty of the pilot
of the ascending steamer to make the proper signals,
and when answered by the descending steamer to
lie as close as possible to the side of the channel
the exchange of signals may have determined, as
allowed by rule one, and either stop the engines or
move them so as only to give the steamer steerage
way, and the pilot of the descending steamer shall j
cause his steamer to be worked slowly until he has :
passed the ascending steamer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the last word merely to ask a
question. This rule provides that when two
steamers are about going into a channel at
the same time, the ascending steamer shall
do this and the descending steamer do that.
Suppose there does not happen to be any cur-
rent through that channel, which shall be ths
ascending steamer?
Mr. NEGLEY. That is a thing established
by custom.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Custom
which way? Which shall be the ascending
steamer when there is not any current ?
Mr. NEGLEY. There is always enough up
up and down to every channel.
Mr. CONGER. Where there is no current
there is no necessity for the enforcement of
the rule. It is to apply where the current
affects the passage of the boat.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous cousent, withdrew his amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rule d. When a steamer is ascending and run-
ning close on a bar or shore, the pilot shall in no case
attempt to oross the river when a descending boat
shall be so near that it would be possible for a col-
lision to ensue therefrom.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
the same amendment, to strike out "boat"
and insert "steamer.1''
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rule 5. No pilot of a descending steamer shall
run down any island chute which is not the usual
channel of the river, except such chutes as are
designated by these rules, or may hereafter be des-
ignated by the board of supervising inspectors.
Sulk 6. When any steamer, whether ascending
or descending, is nearing a short bend or point,
where, from any cause, a steamer approaching in
an opposite direction cannot be seen at a distance
of six hundred yards, the pilot of such steamer,
when he shall have arrived within six hundred
yards of that bend or point, Shall give as a signal
a general alarm by the steam-whistle as a notice to
any steamer that may be approaching; and should
there be any approaching steamer within hearing
ot' such signal, it shall be the duty of the pilot
theieof to answer such signal by a similar alarm
by the steam-whistle, when both boats shall be
navigated with the proper precautions, as required
by preceding rules.
Mr. LYNCtl. The amendment striking out
the word "boat" and inserting "steamer"
does not apply to rule four aud rule six.
Those two rules are all right as they .stand.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amend-
ment has already been made to rule four.
Mr. LYNCH. It is all right in rule four as
printed. It makes no difference whether it is
a boat or a steamer. I ask to go back to rule
four.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to going back, I think the amendment is all
right.
The Clerk read as follows :
Rule 9. When boats are moving from their dock
 r berth, and other boats are liable to pass from any
direction toward them, they shall give one long
blast of tho stcam-whi3tle; but immediately after
elearing the berth, so as to be fully in sight, they
chall be governed by rule two.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the
word " boat" and insert " steamer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move that the reading
of rules twelve and thirteen be omitted, as
they are a repetition of rules now enforced.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to that. We are making law here.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Rule 12. The following island chutes on the Mis-
sissippi river, between Cairo and New Orleans, may
be navigated by descending steamers during day-
light, when the river shall be sufficiently high for
them to do so with safety, namely: islands Num~
bers Bight. Thirty-four, Thirty-five, Forty, Forty-
one, called Paddy's Hen, i'orty-six, or President s
Island, Sixty-five, Seventy-five, or Ozark Island,
Seventy-six, Ninety-three, Ninety-seven, One hun-
dred and nine, or Palmyra Island, One hundred and
ten, or Big Black Island, One hundred and sixteen,
or Glasscock s Island, or One hundred and twenty-
three, or Profit's Island. ,
Rule 13. The following island chutes may be
navigated by descending steamers during the night,
when the river may be sufficiently high for them to
do so with safety, namely: islands Numbers Eight,
Thirty-four, I'orty-one, or Paddy's Hen, Sixty-five,
Seventy-gix, Ninety-three,Ninety-seven, One hun-
dred and nine, or Palmyra Island, One hundred and
ten. or Big Black Island, One hundred and sixteen,
or Glasscock's Island.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
not have objected, but I thought the motion
was to strike out.
INTERNAL TAXES.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to make a privileged
report. I send to the desk a report of a-com-
mittee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1330)
to amend the thirty-second section of an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14,1870, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do reccommcnd, to their respective Houses as fol-
lows :
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment:
Add to the amendment the words " or from low
water, ice, or other unavoidable obstructions to
navigation."
And the Senate agree to the same.
H. L. DAWES,
S. S. COX,
' G. A. FINKELNBURGt,
Managers on the®art of the Souse.
JOHN SHERMAN,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
FRANK. P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The question was on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment of the
Senate is simply the alteration of a single sec-
tion with reference to the transshipment of
goods from one side of the continent to the
other before paying duty. There is a provision
that when goods in a car encountera railroad of
a different gauge, or when they break down,
those who have charge of the goods can break
bulk and transfer the goods to another car.
The amendment that is proposed by the com-
mittee of conference is that whenever such an
emergency arises upon a river in consequence
of blockade from ice or other obstructions the
goods may be transferred from the vessel in
which they were to some other vessel, under
the regulations of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I suppose that that was what was in-
tended in the original bill.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
message fkoji the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
soif, one ot its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the amendment of
the House to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Chicago.
SECURITY OE LIFE ON BOARD STEAMERS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better security of
life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes,"
approved February 28, 1871.
The Clerk read the following section :
Sec. 38. That if any manufacturer or otherperson
shall counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited, any
of the marks or stamps required by this act, or shall
designedly stamp or cause to be stamped falsely,
any boiler iron or steel plates; or stamp or mark,
or cause to be stamped or marked, any such iron or
steel plates with the name or trade-mark of an-
other; or shall fraudulently stamp, or cause to be
stamped, any such plates, in a manner which shall
represent tbe grade or quality of the plates to be
higher or better than their quality or mode of man-
ufacture shall justify, such person shall, upon con-
viction thereof, be fined $2,000, one half to the use
of the informer, and may, in addition thereto, at the
discretion of the court, be imprisoned not exceed-
ing two years; and, moreover, shall be directly
liable for the damages sustained by any person or
persons, or corporation, by reason of injuries caused
by such fraud or deception; such damages to be
recovered in action therefor in the name of the
party or parties injured.
Mr. HO OPER, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out in line seven of this section the words
"or cause to be stamped." A person might,
without fraud, cause to be stamped plates in a
manner which should represent " the grade or
quality of the plates to be higher than their
quality or mode of manufacture shall justify."
Mr. NiCGLEY. I think the words " fraud-
ulently stamp" cover the whole ground.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. But the
section says "fraudulently stamp, or cause to
be stamped."
Mr. NEGLEY. The whole object of this
provision is to increase the quality of the iron
used in the manufacture of boilers. I think it
would be a great mistake on the part of the
House to agree to the gentleman's proposition
to strike out.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move,
then, to insert the word "fraudulently" before
the word "cause," so that it will read "or
fraudulently cause to be stamped."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The intention was
to make that provision. If the word is not in
the section now, let it be inserted.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will not object to the
gentleman's proposition.
The amendment to insert the word " fraud-
ulently" was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following section :
Sec. 43. That the provisions and limitations of the
act entitled "An act to limit the liability of ship-
owners, and for other purposes," approved Alaieh
3,1851, are hereby extended and applied to all ves-
sels required to be inspected by this act, ar,d the
owner or owners, charterer or charterers, officers
and mariners thereof, and shall have the same torco
and effect as to such vessels, owner or owners, char-
terer or charterers, officers and mariners, respect-
ively, as such provisions and limitations now have
as to the ships or vessels, owner or owners, charterer
or charterers, officers and mariners, respectively, to
which or whom the said act now applies; and such
provisions and limitations are also extended and
applied to all claims for loss of life or personal
injury, both as against the owner or owners, char-
terer or charterers, of the vessels, and the captain,
mate, engineer, and pilot thereof.
Mr. KERR. Before we pass from the sec-
tion just read, 1 desire to say a few words.
This section forty-three proposes the reenact-
ment of a law enacted in 1851, entitled "An
act to limit the liability of ship-owners, aiiu
for other purposes." That law consists of
seven sections, which are very important in
themselves, very complicated, and which re-
late to exceedingly important matters concern-
ing the remedy, the mode of proceeding, and
the extent of jurisdiction in certain classes of
cases. That law, therefore, is such a one as,
in my judgment, ought to receive the mo.-it
careful consideration of the Committee on the
Judiciary of this House.
This bill, without this forty-third section, is
very complete in all its provisions. Many of
the provisions of this law of 1851 are reenacted
by this bill; they are stiM in effect aud opera-
tion. But so far as the law of 1851 is intended
to regulate the liability of ship-owners in cer-
tain cases, it is not incorporated in other sec-
tions of this bill, I'liose regulations, under
the law of 1851, apply to a dilferent class of
ships and vessels and their owners from those
embraced in this bill. Those relate chiefly to
ships and the owners of ships engaged in the
external commerce of our country, or on the
