8846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. PETERS. The bill is a very small
one; let it go.
The bill was orderedto be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
T. P. KOBB.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
2162) for the relief of T. P. Robb, of Savan-
nah, Georgia.
The bill was read. It appropriates ont of
the Treasury, from the revenues of the Post
Office Department, for the relief of T. P. Robb,
the sum of $1,000, which shall be in full for
all services rendered the Post Office Depart-
ment in the matter of collecting the sum of
$18,450 31 of one A. L. Harris, formerly a
special agent of that Department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWARD C. GARLICK.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, wiih the recom-
mendation that it do pass, with an amend-
ment, the bill (EI. R. No. 2373) for the relief
of Edward C. Garlick.
The bill was read. It provides that Edward
C. Gat lick be paid, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $1,202 on account of damages to timber
belonging to him, which has been used, de-
tained, and lost in part by the agents and
officers of the United States, which timber
was the property of said Garlick, and retained,
by order of Colonel Crane, on the pier at
Cleveland, Ohio.
The amendment of the committee was to
substitute for the name " Colonel Crane" the
name •' Colonel J. T. Cram."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OttyrLLK J JENNINGS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2910)
for the relief of Orville J. Jennings; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Orville J. Jennings,
of Fulton, New York, the sum of $8,132 95,
in full tor work performed in removing what
was known as the debris of the old outer break-
water in the harbor of Dunkirk, New York,
under a contract with Captain F. Harwood,
engineer corps, United States Army, dated
December 30, 18C8.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point of order
that this biil makes an appropriations and
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
Tbe SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is compelled to sustain the point of order, and
the bill jnustgo to the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Subsequently Mr. Coxger withdrew his
objection, and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to-
MOIUTZ AUGUSTINE.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the
same committee reported a bill (H. R. No.
2911) for the relief of Moritz Augustine;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to examine the claim of Moritz
Augustine, for damages under an alleged agree-
ment made with Commissioner of Internal
Revenue Pleasonton to furnish saccharometers
to distillers, and to ascertain and determine
what amount, if any, is equitably due to the
said Augustine on account of the failure of the
present Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
cairy out such alleged agreement; arid it
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
the said Augustine such sum as he shall find
to be equitably due him, not to exceed the
sum of $7,500, which shall be in full discharge
of all claims against the Government by the
said Augustine under the alleged agreement.
Mr. DICKEY. I make the point of order
on that bill.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rnlee and pass the bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I understand that this bill
is recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and I withdraw the point of order.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. Then I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. HOAR. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Claims at what time
the committee expect to complete their busi-
ness?
Mr. BAIRL, of Michigan. I presume half
an hour longer will enable us to complete it.
Mr. HOAR. I suggest that by unanimous
consent we take a recess until half past ten
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object.
Mr. MOORE. 1 understand that there are
innumerable cases of this kind where distillers
profess to have claims against the Govern-
ment in consequence of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue not carrying out the plans
of the former Commissioner, and I understand
there is to be a general law to cover these
cases. I do not see why this single case should
be brought up here.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The Secretary
of the Treasury has asked us to do it, and
there aie special reasons for it.
Mr. MOORE. Then I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
I hope the House will not adjourn. The com-
mittee have labored to prepare business. It is
now ready, and to adjourn now is to send all
this business over until the December session.
Therefore I hope the House will not adjourn.
Mr. BECK. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOAR. I renew it.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
34, noes 54.
So the House refused to adjourn.
WILLIAM II. COLLEDGE.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill No. 200,
for the relief of William H. Colledge.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to William H. Colledge
the sum of $500, in full compensation for ser-
vices as a temporary clerk in the office of tha
Third Auditor of the Treasury from the 11th
day of May, 1859, until the 11th day of Octo-
ber, 1859, in auditing and adjusting the Oregon
and Washington war claims, so called.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS B. WALLACE.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, Senate bill No.
569, for the relief of Thomas B. Wallace, of
Lexington, in the State of Missouri.
The question was upon ordering the bill
to be read a third time.
The bill was read. The preamble states that
on the 13th day of September, 1861, the dwell-
ing-house and out-buildings, and the furniture
and other property therein, belonging to
Thomas B, Wallace, of the city of Lexington,
in the State of Missouri, and situated in that
city, were destroyed by fire by order of Col-
onel James A. Mulligan, in command of the
United States military forces then stationed
at that city, and that the destruction of the
houses and other property was ordered and
was necessary for the protection and preserva-
tion of the property of the United States at
that city, and the protection and preservation
of the lives of the officers and soldiers
under the command of said Mulligan, and at
the time actually engaged in defending the city,
and in maintaining the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States against an at-
tack of the confederate aimy under command
of General Sterling Price. The bill accord-
ingly provides that ihe sum of $18,500 shdli be
appropiiated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
paying Wallace the value of his property, de-
stroyed as aforesaid, and the damages sus-
tained by him by reason of its destruction.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I raise the point
of order that tliis bill makes an appropriation,
and therefore must receive its first considera-
tion in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shefxabarger] will not insist upon
that point of order. The House passed a test
case the other day, and this is a case of ex-
actly the satne kind, and one of unusual merit.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I must insist
upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Potter.)
The Chair sustains the point of order, and tbe
bill will accordingly be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole and placed on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and this bill passed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. May I be per-
mitted to make a statement?
Mr. MOORE. I object to debate.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rules ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 59, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOAR. I must call for a further count,
unless the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore]
will change his motion so as to suspend the
rules and bring the bill before the House for
consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that will be done;
that will be entirely satisfactory.
Mr. MOORE. I will modify my motion as
suggested.
The question was taken; and two thirds
voting in favor thsreo;, the rules were sus-
pended, and the Committee of the Whole dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
