1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
Committee touching the right of myself to
occupy a seat in this body, I only desire to
ask the chairman of that committee what
information he lias upon that subject?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There lias been noth-
ing of the kind before the Judiciary Commit-
tee. This i3 the first I ever heard of anything
of this character. The Senator from Arkansas
is not on trial before that committee, nor has
the committee had any meeting upon any such
subject. I know nothing about it. It has not
come to my knowledge.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is all I desire to say,
Mr. President.
political disabilities.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (E. R.
No. 380) for the removal of legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the third section
of the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Morton, which was to add an additional
proviso to come in after the eleventh line of
the first page of the bill, as follows:
And provided further. That this act shall not bo
construed to relate back to or validate the election
or appointment of any person to the position of
Senator or llepresentativo in Congress, or to any
office, civil or military, under the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—M essrs. Ames, An thony, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler,Clayton,Conkling,Corbctt,
Edmunds. Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frclinjt-
huysen, Hamlin. Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Rice. Sawyer, Scott. Spencer, Sumner, and Win-
dow—2S.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserlj-,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of WoU Vinrinia,
Fenton. Ferrv of Conncelicut, Hamilton of Mary-
land. Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston. Kelloxs, Kelly,
Lewis, Ijogan, Norwood, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sehurz, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton. Xhurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Victors, and West-—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreuuin, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cole, Craprin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Howe. Osborn, Patterson, Sprague, Stewart, Wilson,
and Wright—15.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, myamend-
ment is already on the table. I move it now
as additional sections to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator desire to have the amendment re-
ported again ?
Mr. SUMNER. It was read yesterday.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of order. It has been decided that
an amendment which it would require a two-
thirds vote to pass if it were an original bill
cannot be offered to a bill that may be passed
by a majority of the Senate, and that decision
was made by the Vice President, I believe at
the last session of Congress. I remember that
it was made. I believe I made the point of
order myself. I think the converse of it is
true, that a bill which could be carried by a
majority vote cannot be offered as an amend-
ment to a bill that requires a two-thirds vote.
The reason is substantially the same, that the
number of Senators who can pass the two bills
is different in each case. I therefore make the
point of order that the measure offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, being a measure
which, if it stood by itself, could be passed
by a majority vote of the Senate, cannot be
offered as an amendment to a bill that requires
two thirds of the Senate.
Mr. OONKLING. How, then, was the
amendment just voted upon in order?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think it was;
but I did not see fit to make the point.
Mr. CO N KLING. How would any amend-
ment be in order?
Mr. THURMAN. An amendment may be
in order to the bill where it is germane to the
subject of removing political disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING. I know that debate is
not in order; but, if the Senator from Ohio
will allow me; I should like to suggest to him
that if his point is that this amendment is not
germane, that is a point wholly foreign to the
one submitted to the Chair. If, however, his
point is that a different measure of majority is
necessary in the one case than in the other, then
I submit to him that, if his point be good, the
bill could not be amended at all, because lean
conceive of no amendment to this bill which
would not prevail as an amendment by a ma-
jorityvote ; whetherthebill, as amended, could
be consummated would depend upon whether
two thirds voted for it; but I suggest to the
Senator that, if the point he now submits is a
good one, the bill as it comes to us must be
treated like the laws of the Medes and Per-
sians, cannot be amended at all, because the
Chair cannot ascertain in advance whether
two thirds will vote for an amendment or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
not in order until the judgment of the Chair
has been rendered, and then it will be in order
to take' an appeal, which will be debatable.
The Chair has no difficulty in overruling the
point of order. In regard to resolutions of
amendment to the Constitution, and in the ac-
tion upon treaties, every question short of the
final vote is decided by a majority.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal, if the Chair
pleases.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. THURMAN. I do not infringe that
rule upon which the Chair bases its decision
at all. In my opinion, that is a wholly differ-
ent thing. I do not deny that this bill may
be amended by a majority vote. That is not
the question at all. The question relates to
the nature of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
then, misunderstood the point raised by the
Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. I know that the bill may
be amended by a majority vote. That is very
true.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator then state his point of order?
Mr. THURMAN. I have stated my point
of order, that this amendment being a measure
which, if it stood by itself, could pass by a
majority vote of the Senate, is not an amend-
ment that is germane to this bill and that can
be attached to it, the bill itself requiring for its
passage the votes of two thirds of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, that this amend-
ment is not in order. That is all.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not in order ; that
is my point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair decides that
it is.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair did not mis-
understand the point.
Mr. Til URMAN. I do not. know; I may be
very thick-headed this morning; but, I think the
distinction is very clear between the decision
of the Chair and the principle upon which it is
placed and the ground upon which I make my
point of order. My point of order, stated in its
simplest terms—and that is sufficient, without
going into the ground of it, for I am not bound
to state the ground of my peint of order in
stating the point itself; my point is that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is not in order to this bill. That is a sufficient
statement of the point of order ; and now for
the ground of it. The ground is, not that an
amendment to this bill may not be made by a
majority vote ; but the ground is that an amend-
ment cannot be offered to this bill, which
amendment, if it stood as an independent
measure in the Senate, could pass and become
a law by a majority vote. That is my point.
It lias been decided, as I said before, that
you cannot offer as an amendment to a bill
which may pass by a majority vote an amend-
ment which by itself would require two thirds
to pass it. For instance, suppose that we bad
here an appropriation bill or any bill, and you
were to move to that an amendment removing
the disabilities of A B. That amendment
would not be in order. It has been ruled not
to be in order. It would not be in order, be-
cause it would require two thirds to pass the
bill if that amendment were in it. So in this
case the converse of it ought, to be equally true,
that an amendment which if it were an inde-
pendent measure could pass by a majority of
the Senate, cannot be annexed to a bill which
requires two thirds for its passage. The rule
is the same in both cases, or substantially the
same. I admit that there may be some differ-
ence between the two cases, but substantially
it is the same rule.
Now, what is this bill? This is a bill under
the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution. That fourteenth article of
amendment provides that Congress may by a
two-thirds vote of each House remove the dis-
abilities imposed by that amendment. The
bill, therefore, is limited to a single subject,
the removal of disabilities. It is a special
case, made special by the Constitution itself,
which overrides all parliamentary law. I
requires a two-thirds vote ; and the bill must
relate to that subject, and to that subject
alone. It is under the fourteenth article of
amendment, and must relate to that subject
alone; it cannot relate to other subjects. You
cannot tack to a bill to remove disabilities an
appropriation bill, or a bill in regard to the
foreign relations of the country, or a bill in
regard to the civil service of the country, or a
bill lo amend the practice of the courts of the
country, or the like. You cannot do any such
thing as that. The bill must be conlined,
under that article of amendment to the Con-
stitution, to the subject of removing disabili-
ties ; and a measure which has no relation at
all to removing disabilities, which has nothing
to do with the removal of disabilities, and
which, if standing by itself, could be passed
by a majority, is not germane to the subject of
the bill for the removal of disabilities, is not
in order, because it is not germane to that
subject, but is a measure that, standing by
itself as an independent measure, could pass
by a majority of the Senate.
I therefore insist upon it that the decision
of the Chair does not touch the question. I
know this bill may be amended by a majority
vote ; but it cannot be amended by tacking to
it a measure that is not at all germane to the
removal of disabilities, that, has nothing lo do
with the removal of disabilities, but than can
pass as an independent measure by a majority
vote.
Mr. POMERO Y. I do not wish to take any
part in this debate 
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from
Kansas allow me to say merely one word as
to the precedent?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. BAY AUD. In confirmation of the views
expressed by the Senator from Ohio, I would say
(and I believe it is proper that I should make
reference to a decision in the other House of
Congress oil this subject, as a mere matter of
precedent,) that when a bill foi the lemoval
of disabilities was before the other House, I
think a year ago, and a member from Massa-
chusetts proposed to incorporate in it a pro-
vision to release all officers acting under the
authority of the Government of the United
States for acts committed by them, whether
ex officio or of their individual motion, that
amendment was ruled out by the House, by
the judgment of the Speaker sustained by the
House, as being not germane to the bill, and
out of order. It was precisely of the same
character as the amendment now offered by
the honorable .Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONKLING. That was under the rules
of the House.
Mr. BAYARD. I think it was under the
parliamentary rule that in the first place an
