1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Revival of Foreign Commerce—Mr. Sheldon.
Ho. of Reps.
timerits of every true man south of the Poto-
mac. I hope it is the last time I shall ever
find it to be my duty to speak in this behalf,
but until my tongue is palsied I shall always
be ready to do so if occasion shall require, for
I love the land of my birth and the people
whose afflictions have excited the sympathy,
as their fortitude under them commands the
admiration, of the civilized world.
Revival of Foreign Commerce.
SPEECH OF HON. L. A. SHELDON,
of louisiana,
In the House of Representatives,
April 13, 1872,
On the revival of foreign commerce.
Mr. SHELDON. Mr. Speaker, the subject
of reviving our foreign carrying trade is one
■which excites much interest iti the country,
especially in all the commercial cities. It has
been brought to Congress in various forms,
and although it may be true as charged that
the motive lor bringing the subject here is in
many instances the promotion of individual
advantage, nevertheless it is before us and we
must consider and act upon it. Opportunities
to discuss it have been few, and, not enough
has been said,to indicate with any degree of
certainty the views of Congress. Yet 1 think
1 may safely assume that the idea is prevalent
that some concession ou the part of the Gov-
ernment to those who take the hazards of
competition with European nations under pres-
ent circumstances is necessary. Differences
arise upon measures.
In devising measures to accomplish an ob-
ject, it is the part of wisdom to understand
at the outset the difficulties to be overcome.
Why cannot Americans engage successfully in
trade upon the ocean? Twelve years ago we
were a leading commercial nation, and the
skill and enterprise of our people remain un-
impaired. We had tonnage and our Bag was
prominent in every sea-port. By the war we
lost nearly two million tons of shipping, includ-
ing that which was purchased lor tbe Navy,
chartered by the Government, captured by con-
federate cruisers, and sold to foreign nations
to escape capture. It will cost $100,000,000
to replace this tonnage. Other nations are
in possession of the field with well-organized
lines and established business connections. If
all other conditions were equal, this single ad-
vantage would require extraordinary exertions
on tbe part of our people, and, I suspect, some
slight concession at least by the Government
to insure success.
Other and more grievous disadvantages exist.
Interest rules at least three per cent, higher
in this country than in England and the other
States with which we must compete. If the
tonnage which it is necessary for us to possess
will require an investment of $100,000,000—
and I think it a low estimate—there is an in-
terest item of $3,000,000 annually against our
people. Labor costs forty per cent, more here
than in Europe, and labor enters into the pro-
duction of materials, stores, supplies, the con-
struction and running of the ships. It is im-
possible to calculate in dollars and cents the
difference in the cost of labor employed in
carrying on a successful commerce upon the
ocean. But it cannot be less than the item
of interest. Those best informed are of the
opinion—and in it I concur—that interest and
labor make a difference against us of five to
seven and a half million dollars annually.
These are the obstacles to be surmounted, the
reasons why Americans do not and cannot
embark in the business without aid or encour-
agement.
The advantage possessed by other nations
in having possession of the field with established
lines and business connections will not be re-
moved by any natural cause. It is a difficulty
to be obviated by extraordinary effort, what-
ever may be the other conditions. But in time
differences in rate of interest and price of labor
will be removed in the natural course of events.
By taking up its bonds the Govern mentisunlock
ing $100,000,000 annually, which must seek
other investment. The demand for capital to
construct railroads and carry forward other
works of internal improvement is greater now
than it will be in the near future. The de-
velopment of our multiform resources and the
increase of wealth will make capital more
abundant, and interest will be cheapened in
this country to an extent that will substantially
obviate present differences.
The price of labor will not. and ought not to
be reduced in the United States; but it will
advance in Europe. The societies of work-
ingmen, inspirited and educated by the exam-
ples and teachings of their American breth-
ren, have already compelled concessions from
wealth and aristocracy in the Old World.
Oppression is giving way, and we may confi-
dently expect that the laboring classes in every
civilized country will obtain compensatory
wages, that they will be manumitted from
poverty and disgrace at no distant day. Hence
Government aid need be granted but for a
limited peiiod.
The obstacles being comprehended, let us
enter upon the discussion of measures to sur-
mount them.
Free materials are advocated more espe-
cially by the ship-builders. To the extent of
the duty on them this proposition tends to
equalize conditions. But the cost of labor in
building ships, and the expense of running
them, still remain to be overcome, as well as
the difference in rate of interest on the capita!
invested. This plan will be opposed by the
material-producers, and will accomplish but
little in the way of removing disadvantages.
It will prove wholly inadequate to restore our
carrying trade, and will not result in any ap-
preciable good to the ship builders themselves.
Ship building can be revived only as an inci-
dent. Whenever ships can be profitably em-
ployed they will be constructed, *and not until
then. The measure which secures the running
of the ship will insure its construction.
Free ships are favored more extensively than
free materials, and justly so, because this
more nearly extinguishes the differences which
I have described. If our people were permit-
ted to purchase upon the Clyde, two obsta-
cles would still remain, to wit, the higher rate
of interest upon the capital invested and the
greater cost of running the ships. The disad-
vantages would still be so great that I doubt
if the superior skill and energy of the Ameri-
cans would be equal to them. Some of the
most experienced and intelligent ship-owners
have told me that with this concession on the
part of the Government they would be unable
to compete with foreigners except at ruinous
losses. If the plan were to embody free ma-
terials, free ships, and free stores and sup-
plies, still the item of interest on the capital
and the wages paid seamen and others em-
ployed in the ships would be too much for
our people, and from these causes we would
find ourselves as powerless as we are to-day
to make headway against nations in posses-
sion of the trade and with every existing
facility to successfully carry it on. Besides,
this plan would seriously damage those en-
gaged in the production of supplies, stores,
materials, and ships. And from them we
would experience an obstinate resistance.
It will be asked, whatis your plan? Iaoswer,
give money directly if any measure is adopted.
1 hope none will be startled by the directness
and e"xplicitness of my answer. If we grant
free materials and free ships we give money in-
directly. If the duty is taken from these for
the benefit of those who engage in the carry-
ing trade, we must impose higher duiies upon
ot her articles or invent new modes of taxation.
What difference is there between the relin-
quishment of taxation for the benefit of classes
or the granting of money to them raised by
taxation ? It is much fairer and more honest
with the people to do directly than indirectly,
and more in accordauce with the principle of
uniform taxation to collect as equally as pos-
sible from all classes than to release certain
articles from duiies which will cripple if not
crush out important industries. Besides, no
one can tell how much it will cost the coun-
try to admit free of duty tbe articles I have
mentioned. Really it may be more expensive
than any other plan and \ et prove abortive,
for much depends upon the judicious appli-
cation of the money which the Government
bestows.
Other measures have been suggested which
may be treated as direct subsidies to the ship-
owner. None of them change the principle
of taxation. They are differential duties,
tonnage bounties, postal estimates, or sub-
sidies.
By differential duties a percentage of the
revenues is allowed to the importer as an in-
ducement for him to patronize Ameiican bot-
toms. it is expected that, he will give all or a
part of the sum to the ship-owner to enable
l.im to run his ship. In eHect, it is a subsidy,
and it may be a very expensive measure. The
Government in the last year collected a little
upward of two hundred million dollars on im-
ports. Thirty-eight per cent, of the goods
were brought in American ships, or, on the
goods transported by our people, the duties,
in round numbers, amounted to §76,000,000.
The only proposition I have heard discussed
allows ttie importer ten percent. If importa-
tions in American ships should not increase it
would cost the Treasury $7,600,000 annually,
aud if the measure should prove so effective as
to secure the entire importations to our ships,
the expenditure would exceed $20,000,000.
There are, however, other objections to this
plan. It is in violation of treaty stipulations
with every ciyilized nation except three. I
admit we may put an end to all these treaties
with a single exception on giving a year's
notice. But were we to adopt this policy may
we not anticipate retaliatory measures of a
similar character? Would not other nations
be driven to it to preserve their own com-
merce? The result would be that our ships
would transport all our importsand butasmall
part of the exports. Foreign ships would
come here empty and go away laden. It is
more than possible that the policy would seri-
ously injure our export trade. The plan could
have no other effect than to increase tbe cost
of transportation to both producer and con-
sumer. Besides, it is in conflict with the grow-
ing spirit of comity among all nations.
Tonnage bounties and postal estimates or
subsidies may properly be considered in con-
nection. In both cases money is given directly
to the ship-owner, and the same result will be
produced if the sums granted are equal and
applied in the same manner. If aid were given
in either form so as to encourage irregular and
fugitive traffic alone, no substantial good would
result. Such competition with established
lines would be puerile.
Whatever aid is granted should be applied
in such a way as to enable our people to sup-
plant or compete with other nations in tbe
great channels of commerce. Transportation
upon tbe sea is mainly performed by steam-
ship lines and on the land by railroad lines.
People and capital concentrate at the termini
of sea lines aud in proximity to those upon
the land. Distributing points are becoming
less numerous and of greater magnitude. The
