1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2055
great lakes; but these relate to and apply
the provisions of the law of 1851 to ships and
the owners of ships engaged in the internal
commerce of the country upon all our rivers.
In addition to these facts, it is also true that
the law of 1851, by reason of its complicated
and difficult character, has received conflicting
judicial constructions, so that by reenaeting
that law in this connection we would be legis-
lating very much in the dark, certainly without
proper consideration upon such important mat-
ters. And as it will in no way impair the com-
pleteness or theory of this general bill, I desire
particularly to move to strikeout section forty-
three, to the end that it may be reintroduced,
if any gentleman please, (if not, I will do it
myself.) and be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, where it may receive proper and
careful examination.
The internal commerce of the country on
our rivers has been very well and safely con-
ducted for a century without the aid of any
Federal law limiting the liability of ship or boat-
owners. The rules and'principles of the com-
mon law and thelaws of the respective States
have supplied such reasonable remedies and
modes of proceedingas have proved to be quite
sufficient. Thereisunder these circumstances
certainly no demand for hasty or crude legisla-
tion. Besides, the proper legislation is in the
nature of things both delicate and difficult
to frame and mature. It involves a radical
departure from the general rules which have
hitherto prevailed in the country. I feel sure,
therefore, that the House will concur in the
propriety of omitting this section from the bill.
Tt can then receive other reference aud better
consideration than it can now.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. The re-
spect which this House generally entertains
for the legal ability of my friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr*] might, perhaps, make me a
little timid to oppose him upon this question.
But, in my opinion, the very argument which
he uses is a justification for this section. The
committee have given it a most careful con-
sideration, and the reasons for it can be very
properly stated by the chairman of our com-
mittee. But 1 would say this much, that, this
very provision which the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerb] proposes to strike out is
designed to remove all the legal objections
which have embarrassed the judiciary, and
which absolutely tend to drive capital from
investment in steamboat property. I hope
that under no circumstances will the House
agree to his proposition.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my motion to
strike out to enable the gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Sheldon] to renew it for the pur-
pose of submitting some remarks.
Mr. SHELDON. I renew the motion to
strike out for the purpose of saying a few
words upon this section. I desire to say to
' the House that it was with a great deal of
reluctance that I gave my consent in the com-
mittee to the insertion of this forty-third sec-
tion in this bill. Every lawyer upon this floor
who is familiar with admiralty practice, and
with the legislation upon the subject enacted
in this country, will understand that it is now
the policy to limit the liability of ship-owners,
in certain cases at least, to the value of the
ship and the then pending freight.
in 1851 an act was passed, and it was the
first act of Congress upon the subject, lim-
iting the liability of ship-owners in this coun-
try in the same manner that the English law
does, so far as they run upon tbe ocean. But
it did not limit that liability upon the lakes or
the rivers. Subsequently there was an act
passed extending that limitation to vessels
npon the lakes. If this section forty-three
shall be adopted, it will prescribe the same
rules for ship owners upon the western rivers.
Now, where there are several owners, and a
loss occurs by fire, collision, or otherwise, the
simple question is whether we shall say that
they, shall-be liable to any greater, extent
than their interest in the ship and the then
pending freight. It is a question of public
policy, and I agree with the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that it is a question that
should be well and thoroughly considered.
Now, there is mueli to be said on both sides
of this question. The steamboat men come to
us and say, " If we are held to the full liabil-
ity which now exists, we are prevented not
only from embarking in the steamboat busi-
ness, but from engaging in any other business ;
for the moment it is known that by the destruc-
tion of a steamboat we may lose infinitely more
than the entire fortune we possess, we are
utterly powerless to go to the banks and have
our paper discounted, or obtain credit any- I
where else." That is their argument. On |
the other hand, the shippers object to losing j
the value of their freight or their right to
recover their full damage to the extent of the
value of the ship and pending freight.
As I have said, 1 have with much reluctance
given my consent to this section. It would
be unfair to deny that the law of 1851 is tol-
erably uncertain. It is uncertain as to the
mode of proceeding and as to the remedies.
The decisions in the United States courts upon
that law are conflicting. It would be desirable
that Congress should pass a more extended
law, one which should be more explicit in its
provisions as to the remedy and the proceed-
ings, as well as to the principle which is in-
volved in this bill. Except for the pressure
which is brought to bear here on the part of
those who desire to revive river commerce by
putting their money into this branch of busi-
ness, I should not have the least objection to
sustaining the motion of my friend from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr,] and allowing the Committee
on tbe Judiciary to consider this question and
report a more ample bill.
One word further. The law of 1851 makes
no provision as to the liability of the ship-
owner in case of loss of baggage or personal
injury or loss of life. This bill extends the
principle to those three classes of damage, aud
allows the party injured to recover to the ex-
tent of the value of the ship and pending freight.
To that extent this bill changes the principle
of the act of 1851.
Mr. KERR. I desire to add a few words on
this subject; and in the first place I ask to
have read as a part of my remarks the eight
sections of the act of March 3, 1851.
The Clerk read as follows:
"49. No owner or owners of any ship or vessel shall
bosubject or liable to answerfor or make good to any
one or more person on persons any loss or damage
which may happen to any goods or merchandise
whatsoever which shall be shipped, taken in, or put
on board any such ship or vessel by reason or by means
of any fire happening to or on board the said ship or
vessel, unless such fire is caused by the design or
neglect of such owner or owners: Provided, That
nothing m this act contained shall prevent the
parties from making such contract as they please,
extending or limiting the liability of ship-owners.
"50. If any shipper or shippers of platina, gold, gold
dust, silver, bullion, or other precious metals, coins,
jewelry, bills of any bank or public body, diamonds
or other precious stones, shalllade thesame on board
of any ship or vessel, without, at the time of such
lading, giving to the master, agent, owner, or owners
of the ship or vessel receiving the same a note in writ-
ing of the full character and value thereof, and have
the same entered on the bill of lading therefor, the
master and owner or owners of the said vessel shall
not be liable, as carriers thereof, in any iormor man-
ner, Nor shall any such master or owners be liable
lor any such valuable goods beyond the value, and
according to the character thereof, so notified and
entered.
"51. The liability of the owner or owners of any ship
or vessel, for any embezzlement, loss, or destruction
by the master, officers, mariners, passengers, or any
other person or persons, of any property, goods, or
merchandise shipped or put on board of such ship or
vessel, or for any loss, damage, or injury by collision,
or for anv act, matter, or thmg, loss, damage, or for-
feiture done, occasioned, or incurred without the
privity or knowledge of such owner or owners, shall
! in no ease exceed the amount or value of the inter-
est of such owner or owners respectively in such ship
1 or vessel and her freight then pending.
| "o2. If any such embezzlement, loss, or destruction
| shall be suffered by several Ireighters or owners of
! goods, wares, or merchandise, or any property what-
j ever, on the sauic voyage, and the wholo value of the
[ ship or vessel, and b er freight for the voyage, shall not
i be sufficient to make compensation to each oi them,
thoy shall receive compensation from the owner or
owners of the ship or vessol in proportion to their
respective losses; and for that purpose the said
freighters and owners of tho property, and the owner
or owners of the ship or vessel, or any of them, may
take the appropriate proceedings in any court for
the purpose of apportioning the sum for which the
owner or owners of the ship or vessel may be liable
among the parties entided thereto. And it shall be
deemed a sufficient compliance with the require-
ments of this act, on the part of sueb owner or own-
ers, if he or they shall transfer his or their interest
in such vessel and freight lor the benefit of such
claimants to a trustee, to be appointed by any court
of competent jurisdiction, to act as such trustee for
the person or persons who may prove to be legally
entitled thereto; from and after which transfer all
claims and proceedings against the owner or owners
shall cease.
"53. The charterer or charterers of any ship or ves-
sel, in case he or they shall man, victual, and navi-
gate such vessel at his or their own expense, or by
his or their own procurement, shall bo deemed the
owner or owners of such vessel within the meaning
of this act; and such ship or vessel, when so char-
tered, shall be liable in the same manner as if navi-
gated by the owner or owners thereof.
"51. Nothing m the pieceding sections shall be
oonstrued to takeaway or affect the remedy to which
any party may be entitled, against the master, offi-
cers, or mariners, lor or on accountof any embezzle-
ment, injury, loss, or destruction of goods, wares,
merchandise, or other property put on board any
ship or vessel, or on account of any negligence,
fraud, or other malversation of such m.ister, officers,
or mariners, respectively; nor shall anything herein
contained lessen or take away any responsibility to
which any master or mariner of any ship or vessel
may now by law bo liable, notwithstanding such
master or mariner may be an owner or part owner
of the ship or vessel.
" 55. Any person or persons shipping oil of vitriol,
unslaked lime, inflammable matches, or gunpow-
der, in a ship or vessel taking cargo lor divers per-
sons on freight, without delivering, at the time oi
shipment, a note m writing, expressing the nature
and character of such merchandise to the master,
mate, officer, or person in charge ot the lading of tlio
ship or vessel, shall forfeit to the United States
$1,000.
"56. This act shall not apply to the owner or owners
of any canal-boat, barge, or lighter, or to any. vessel
of any description whatsoever used in rivers or inland
navigation."
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Neoley,] who has charge of
this bill, is willing that this shall be stricken
out, on my suggestion that it shall be intro-
duced as a separate bill to go to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that will not be done.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has a suggestion to which I agree.
Mr. KERR. I will introduce it again as a
separate bill on Monday morning; that is, on
the provision being stricken out of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. NEGrLEY, by unanimous
consent, the reading of several sections was
omitted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sue. 37. That all steamers when under way shall
carry signal-lights, between sunset and sunrise, as
herein provided, namely : every river steamer navi-
gating waters flowing into the Gfulf of Mexico and
their tributaries shall carry tbe following lights,
namely: one red light on the out-board side of the
port smoke-pipe, and one green light on the out-
board side of the starboard smoke-pipe, these lights
to show both forward and aboam on their respective
sides; and steamers towing vessels of any kind or
rafts on said waters shall, m addition to the signal-
lights already provided for, carry a white light at or
near the stem of the steamer, to show through an
angle of not less than ninety degrees, and at such
height above the water that it maybe plainly vis-
ible to approaching vessels: and also red lights, not
less than six feet above the surface of the water, oil
the extreme outside ol the tow on either hand, at
the forward part: Ptovided, 'f hat such river steam-
ers having but one chimney shall have brackets
securely fastened to each side of the same, so as to
carry the red and green lights, the same as herein-
before provided for other steamers.
A11 ocean steamers, and those carrying, or rigged
for carrying sail, shall carry a bright white light at
the foremast head, to throw the light through ten
points of the compass on each side of the ship,
namely, from right ahead to two points abaft the
beam, and to be visible on a dark night with a clear
atmosphere at l:ast five mile-:. On the starboard
side a green light, and on the port side a red light,
each to throw the light through ten points of the
compass on theii respectivesides, namely, from right
ahead to two points abaft the beam, and to be vis-
ible on a dark night with aciear atmosphere at least
two miles. These coloied lights arc to be fitted with
inboard screens, projecting at least three feet for-
ward from the light, so as to prevent them from
being seen across the bow.
All coasting steamers tmd those navigatmg bays,
