1872.]
42d Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Restoration of Specie Payments—Mr. Merrick.
213
Ho. op Reps..
most fortified and attempt at least to divide the
business with her.
The Secretary of the Treasury thinks the
expenditure of $25,000,000, extending through
a period of nine years, will give us a fair
chance upon the sea. 1 differ with him only
as to the period of time in which it should be
expended. Five years is long enough. The
most vigorous and effective efforts must be put
forth at the beginning, for then our people will
experience the most serious competition, and
will be required to overcome the greatest ob-
stacles. lu my judgment $1,500,000 ought to
be given to sustain the commerce upon the
Pacific ocean ; the same sum to the lines from
the Gulf ports to Mexico, Brazil, the West
India islands, and Europe; and at least
$2,000,000 to revive the commerce of the
Atlantic cities.
1 care not whether this sum is disbursed
under the name of tonnage bounties, postal
estimates, or subsidies, if it will insure suc-
cessful competition with established foreign
lines, and shall subserve the general demands
of the country. I am aware, too, that the prop-
osition to give money in any form will be
stoutly opposed, and that allegations of favor-
ing corporations, building up monopolies, and
robbing the public Treasury will be repeated
over and over again. But, sir, we are in the
hands of foreign corporations now, which con-
trol our markets and impose upon the people.
We are in their control because they are beyond
our authority.
1 agree that the Government should not
grant any aid whatever unless the general wel-
fare will be promoted thereby. It is a ques-
tion of public policy, and if I did not think
the money put out would return an equivalent
to the people, I should resist to the last every
measure proposing the expenditure of a single
dollar.
It is true that I propose to give money to
an individual or an association. All cannot
engage in commerce; a few must transport for
the many. Nobody will embark in the busi-
ness unless there is at least a prospect of
profit. It is apparent that none of our citizens
can compete with foreigners under present
circumstances without certain loss. The prop-
osition to bestow Government assistance is
saying on behalf of all the people that they will
contribute an infinitesimal sum per capita to
make up this loss, that the nation will take
the hazards upon condition that a few will
devote themselves to the restoration of our
foreign commerce, and this is right if the
advantages to the whole people will justify the
expenditure.
Our foreign commerce exceeds $1,000,000,-
000 annually, including imports and exports.
The freights cost $100,000,000 and the passen-
ger fare $ 10,000,000. Americans earn but thirty-
eight per cent, of these sums, or about forty-
two million dollars. We are paying foreigners
$68,000,000 annually forocean transportation.
It cannot be expected that under any encour-
agement we may give the whole of this sum
will be paid to our own people, but it is safe
to presume that when our tonnage is replaced
we shall be able to do as much work for other
nations as they will do for us, and that practi-
cally we shall be able to retain in the coun-
try the $68,000,000 we now expend abroad.
The retention in the country of $68,000,000
annually will be worth, in my opinion, all the
money the Government will be required to
^But^'there are other and more weighty
advantages. The money paid to foreigners
for postal services will also be saved to our
people if we have the ships with which to con?
vey the mails. Our means of communication
will be increased. It is deemed wise to afford
abundant mail facilities within the country
whether the receipts from the business meet
expenses or not. We are subsidizing the
mail service in two thirds of the nation by
direct appropriations from the Treasury and
of moneys received from other taxes than
those imposed under the postal system. The
means to conduct foreign intercourse, though
not as essential as domestic, is of great value
to the people commercially, socially, and
politically.
But, sir, it is highly important in a pecuni-
ary point of view that we foster and develop
our export trade. While our exportations
reach the sum of $500,000,000 exclusive of
coin and bullion, only $72,250,000 are bread-
stuffs. We supply little to Mexico, the West
Indies, and the South American States. The
abundance of our productions, especially those
commodities which feed and clothe men, to-
gether with our proximity to the people named,
would suggest that these supplies should come
from us. They purchase of more distant na-
tions because they are destitute of shipping,
like ourselves. The United States can sup-
ply more of the cereals than any other nation.
The corn crop reaches a thousand million
bushels per annum, and wheat three hundred
million.
The capacity for increase is unlimited. We
ought to export a hundred million bushels of
wheat, and at least two hundred million bush-
els of corn annually, and still there would
remain for domestic consumption five bushels
of the former and twenty bushels of the latter
per capita. This might be done if Americans
controlled transportation upon the sea. Na-
tional partiality is strong the world over. The
Englishman exerts himself to increase the
exportation of the products of his country.
This is natural. Americans would do likewise
if they controlled the trade between this and
foreign countries. Other nations fix prices
for us. We ought to designate for them, at
least regulate our own markets. It is not in
the interest of merchants and manufacturers
that I advocate liberal measures for the re-
vival of commerce, but for agriculturists and
laborers, who are most benefited by high
prices for the products of the soil. The re-
sults of a restoration of the carrying trade to
our own people would add immeasurably to
the wealth of the nation, and to an extent be-
yond our ability to calculate. As a pecuniary
enterprise, it would "pay" more generously
than any other investment we could make. _
But, sir, pride and political power are in-
volved in this question. Forty million edu-
cated, energetic, and republican people ought
not to be without facilities to maintain their
independence in time of peace or to protect
themselves in time of war. Twelve years ago
our canvas whitened every sea and our flag
was prominent in every sea-port of the world.
Now we are scarcely recognized as a maritime
Power. From the first we have receded to the
fourth rank. Political influence goes hand in
hand with commercial supremacy. With na-
tions on this continent we are less potent than
are several Powers of Europe. If we would
make republicanism respected we must mani-
fest the strength which the civilized nations
of the world recognize.
To me it is apparent that the nation will be
remunerated a hundred fold for every dollar
expended to restore our foreign commerce.
I believe any practical and reasonable plan
which we may devise will be popular with the
people, and that it is cowardice on our part
not to adopt at once efficient measures, lhe
longer we delay the more difficult the situa-
tion will be so far as relates to the control of
business by foreign nations. They are strength-
ening their chains upon commerce constantly.
Postponement only renders it more expensive,
and will require greater exertions on our part
to break the trammels which confine us to the
land and keep us unknown in the commerce
of the world.
Restoration of Specie Payments.
SPEECH OF HON. W. M. MERRICK,
of maryland,
In the House of Representatives,
April 13,1872,
On the restoration of specie payments.
Mr. MERRICK. Mr. Speaker, at the open-
ing of the present session of Congress there
was a general expectation that some steps
toward the restoration of specie payments
would be taken. Divers propositions looking
to that result were offered in the Senate and .
in the House. Thus far they have shared a
common fate. In this House the^Committee
on Banking and Currency have quietly smoth-
ered every proposition which has Deen referred
to them and have preserved the profoundest
silence upon the subject. I surrendered all
hope of any action in that quarter when in the
month of February last the committee reported
as their giant effort for this session a bill enti-
tled '' A bill for the retirement of worn and
mutilated national bank notes." I_am justi-
fied in designating this bill as their giant effort,
for the gentleman from Ohio, who reported the
bill, [Mr. Monroe,] in the incidental debate
upon it, stated, in substance, that it was prob-
ably the most important bill, except, perhaps,
the appropriation bills, which Congress would
be required to act upon during the present
session.
But what, in point of fact, was that bill ?
Why merely an act to provide for the reissue
of new notes in place of those defaced or worn
out by constant use. It was simply a provis-
ion for the external cleanliness of bank notes,
a washing of the outside of the platter, but con-
tains no single provision for the internal puri-
fication or stability of the currency of this
great people. Will the expectations of the
country be satisfied with so barren a result ?
Were not the people entitled at least to are-
port upon some or all of the propositions;
some assignment of reasons why the great
right of a sound constitutional currency i3
denied to them so long ?
I am aware that the Supreme Court of the
United States has been reconstructed by the
addition of two new judges for the purpose of
deciding, and that it has decided, the legal-
tender laws of the United States to be consti-
tutional. The present majority of five against
four have reversed the former judgment of five
against three, and have solemnly declared
that Congress has the power to impart to a
printed piece of paper the value of a gold dol-
lar. We bow with lawful submission, but with
unconvinced minds, to this most recent expo-
sition of the Federal Constitution. Neverthe-
less, while we are constrained by this august
judgment to admit that by law a papes dollar
is a gold dollar, we are met by the indisput-
able fact that the national credit has received
a shock in the commercial centers of the civ-
ilized . world, and the still more serious tact
that at home it requires now, just as before
that decision, one dollar and ten centsi in paper
to purchase one in gold. Stubborn facts will
not accommodate themselves to pliant law, ana
the great commonwealth of commerce, with its
own laws and rules, imbedded in the immut-
able principles of justice and right, rejects the
solemn judgment of the court, ihree mouths
have now passed since the decision, and no
improvement in the market value ot paper
currency has been perceivable therefrom.
The liepublican party may enjoy all the
