1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2953
business which is very important to the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. TAFFE. I will further state that I
did not wish to introduce any bill which would
antagonize the sentiment of the House on the
subject of land grants, and I did not suppose
that this bill would do so, as it does not grant
an inch of land anywhere. The only reason it
has been presented to night is that there is, I
think, no question that the Territories have not
the power to grant right of way over the public
domain. Iam willing as a compromise to put
in any bill that can be passed. I hope the
House will remember that gentlemen from the
Territories have bills which are of importance
to them, whatever may be the feeling on the
part of members as to bills which come more
directly under their observation. 1 am willing
to agree to any compromise, so that we may
consider other bills.
The SPEAKER. This bill is now pending.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to make a sugges-
tion which I think will satisfy the gentleman.
For myself, I am a free-trader upon the sub-
ject of railroads ; that is, I am perfectly will-
ing that railroads may be built wherever the
necessary means can be raised, provided the
United States do not have to give land or
money. I suggest, therefore, that by general
consent this bill be recommitted, (thus allow-
ing an opportunity to examine it,) and that
the committee be allowed to report it back at
any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is right.
Mr. CLAGETT. I will accept the prop-
osition so far as 1 am concerned.
Mr. McNEELY. I withdraw my objection
to the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. The objection being with-
drawn, the motion to recommit is agreed to by
unanimous consent. A motion to reconsider
can be entered, so that the matter can be
called up at any time when no other business
is before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. That is, in effect, the
arrangement I suggested.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I move that the bill
just recommitted be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I now enter a motion
to reconsider the vole by which the bill was
recommitted.
capitol, buildings in tub territories.
Mr. VAUGHAN, from the Committee on
the Territories, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 144) to set aside certain proceeds from
internal revenue for the erection of capitol
buildings in the Territories of Arizona, Da-
kota, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, and Wash-
ington, with amendments.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
n«t proceeds of the internal reveime of the
Territories of Arizona, Dakota, Idaho, Mon-
tana, Wyoming, and Washington, for the fiscal
J ears severally ending on the 30th of June,
1871, the 80th of June, 1872, and the 80th
of June, 1873, be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated to and for the purpose of erect-
ing, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, capitol buildings in said several
Territories, for the use and accommodation
oi the Governor, Legislative Assembly, secre-
tary, and supreme court of said Territories,
respectively, at such places therein as have
been or may be designated by the Legislatures
thereof, and approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury; provided, that the money so set
aside and appropriated in each of said Terri-
tories shall be devoted exclusively to the
erection of capitol buildings in the Territories
in which the same has been and shall be col
lected, and not in any other; and that the same
shall not exceed in amount (the sum of $40,000
in each ot said Territories ; and provided fur-
ther,^ that said building or buildings in each
lerritory shall be finished for the sum herein
appropriated; and provided further, that the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized to commence the erection and con-
struction of said buildings in said Territories,
respectively, whenever the net proceeds of
the internal revenue collected therein shall
amount to the sum of $15,000; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to make such regulations for the
custody and safety of the money so set apart
until it is used and directed by this act as he
shall deem necessary.
The Clerk read the amendments of the com-
mittee, as follows:
Insert after the word "Washington" the words
"and Colorado;" in line twenty-eight strike out
" fifteen," and insert " tenand in liue thirty-one
strikeout " and," and insert "as."
The amendments were agieed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. VAUGHAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I ask that the bill be again
read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, is it too late
to make a point of order that this bill should
have its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It has passed the stage
when that point of order could be made.
Mr. PETERS. Who reported this bill—the
chairman of the Committee on Territories?
The SPEAKER. No.
Mr. PETERS. I do not see why there
should be a distinction between the Terri-
tories and the States in reference to appro-
priating money out of the Treasury for pub-
lic buildings in the States and Territories.
This is an indirect sort of way of sequestrating
the public revenues. The taxes of 1871 have
been paid into the Treasury, or at least a
large part of them.
Mr. TAFFE. While this bill has not
been reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee oil the Territories, I desire to say that
it has been customary for a number of years
to appropriate money in this way. And I
wish to say further that I doubt whether we
have the right under the Constitution to tax
the people of the Territories in this way when
we do not allow them representation.
Mr. PETERS. I am glad to hear the gen-
tleman say so.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 believe that taxation and
representation should go together, and I do
not believe under the Constitution we have
the right to tax the people of the Territories
when we refuse them representation.
Mr. PETERS. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Public Buildiugs and
Grounds.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, who will inquire
into the whole question.
Mr. PETERS. I am a member of the
Commiitee on the Judiciary, and therefore
moved the other reference
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I hope
the bill will be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. GaRFJELDE, of Washington. I will
make a single remark, that so far as the paiiia-
inentary law on this subject is concerned, I have
noticed the application of moneys to specific
purposes by Congress frequently since 1 have
been here without going ;o i he Committee ot the
Whole, and it. lias been heid that the bill does
not go to the Cumm.ttee of the \\ hole unless
it makes a specific appropriation of money out
of the Ticasuiy of the United States. This is
no appropriation irom the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. Tne point of order that
this should go to the Committee of the Whole
is not pending.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Then I
wish to say one word further in regard to the
bill. The Government of the United States is
paying twelve per cent, per annum rents upon
buiidings for the same purpose to which these
buildings are to be applied, while they are
borrowing money at five per cent. As a mat-
ter of economy the Government gains by the
passage of the bill. In addition to that, Con-
gress has said that no Territory shall be admit-
ted until it has a half ratio for a Representa-
tive. That will keep us as Territories for many
years to come. The ratio is constantly increas-
ing every decade. The result will be that this
twelve per cent, will be paid for years to come
by the Government.
Another fact I wish to state is, that with the
exception of these Territories in this bill
every Territory from the earliest days to the
present time has had from thirty thousand to
one hundred and twenty thousand dollars each
for the same purpose. This bill only inclades
the Territories which have never received a
cent for capitol buildings. Weproposeto pay
it out of our pockets. We propose to collect
the money in our own midst and disburse it
for this purpose.
I cannot s£e why objection is made to this
measure when the whole history of the Gov-
ernment shows that a different course of policy
has been adopted in regard to every Territory
in the United States. We expect to remain
in our condition of tutelage for a long time.
We expect to have to come to Congress, as we
do to-day, to ask these favors at your hands,
and we trust, as a matter of economy, as a
matter of establishing a precedent, as a matter
of right, as a matter of justice to us, that the
House will not insist on recommitting this bill
to any committee, but will give us what you
have given to every other Territory, even when
you take it out of your own pockets to do it.
And we do not ask you by this bill to take a
dollar for this purpose.
Mr. VAUGHAN. I move the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is not the motion to
recommit pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Vaughax] was on the floor,
and had the right to say whether or not he
would permit a motion to recommit.
Mr. VAUGHAN. I have not yielded for
that purpose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We have no statement
of what was the amount of taxes m these
Territories in 1871, or what-it will probably
be in 1872 or 1873. We are making a general
appropriation of ail that has been levied and
collected there in the past and that will be in
future without knowing anything about it.
But what I mainly object to is the mode of
making the appropriation. No other Territory
has within my recollection received an appro-
priation in that way. We have made appro-
priations directly out of the Treasury of the
United States for the Territories, but have
never said that all the taxes collected within
the Territories shall be applied to particular
purposes.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
desires to refer the bill to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order if the House does not second thedemand
for the previous question.
Mr. PETERS. There is nothing from the
Secretary ot the treasury asking thr«. I do not
think we should pa sat he oill on the case which
has been presented.
Mr. VAUGHAN. Let the report of the
committee be road.
The report was read, as follows :
The Committee 011 the Territories, to whom was
reteired the biiltH. R. No. 140 en tilled "A biii to set
aside certain proceeds troru iuternui revenue tor the
erection ot Ctipnoi buildings in the Territories of
Ariyona, Dakota, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, and
Washington." have had the same under considera-
tion, and report;
