1872.
TffiS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at nineteen minutes past twelve o'clock,
andthe regular order is the call of committees
for reports, beginning with the select Qommit-
tee to Investigate the Condition of Affairs in
the State of Louisiana.
Mr. ARCHER. The chairman of that
committee is out for a moment, and I should
like its place reserved so that he may make a
motion to print.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make
that motion now.
Mr. ARCHER. I move, then, that commit-
tee be allowed to report the evidence which it
has taken, and that it be ordered to be printed
and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
EVIDENCE IN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
Mr. McCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1048) supplemental to an act amendatory of an
act entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions," approved February 19, 1851.
The bill, which was read, provides in its first
section that in all contested-election cases the
time allowed for taking testimony shall be
ninety days, and the testimony shall be taken
in the following order: the contestant shall
testimony during the first forty days; the
returned member during the succeeding forty
days; andthe contestant may take testimony
in rebuttal only during the remaining ten days
of said period. Such testimony in rebuttal
may be taken on five days' notice. Testimony
may be taken at two or more places at the
same time.
The second section provides that either
party to a contested-election case desiring to
take the testimony of a witness or witnesses
residing outside of the district, and beyond
the reach of a subpena, may take the same by
deposition. The party desiring to take such
deposition shall serve the opposite party, or
his attorney, with a notice, stating the names
of the witnesses whose testimony is to be thus
taken, and their place of residence, and also
stating that a commission will, at the end of
ton days from the time of the service of such
notice, be issued by some officer to be named
in such notice, and. directed to some one of
the officers authorized by law to take testi-
mony in cases of contested election, and also
setting out in full the interrogatories to be pro-
pounded to such witness or witnesses. Such
notice, when served, shall be filed with the
officer who is to issne the commission, and
cross-interrogatories may also be filed with
such officer at any time before the expiration
of the ten days' notice. At the end of the
ten days' notice, such officer shall issue a com-
mission, addressed to some one of the officers
authorized by law to take testimony in con-
tested-election cases, residing at or near the
place of residence of such witnesses, and
directing him to take their depositions tipon
the aforesaid interrogatories and cross-inter-
rogatories, (if any cross-interrogatories are
filed,) and to forward the same, when taken
and duly certified, to the Clerk of the House
of Representatives of the United States, at
Washington, District of Columbia. A com-
mission to take depositions under this act may
be issued by either of the officers authorized
by law to take testimony in contested-election
cases.
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
Striko out sec tion two and insert the following:
Sec. 2. Depositions of witnesses residing outside
of the district, and beyond the reach of subpena,
may be taken before any officer, authorized by law
to take testimony in contested-election cases in the
district in which the witness to be examined may
reside. The party desiring to take a deposition
under the provisions of this scction shall give the
opposite party reasonable notice of the time and
place, when and Where such deposition will bo
taken, as well as of the name of the witness or wit-
nesses to bo examined, and of the officer before
whom the deposition will betaken. Suoh reason-
able notice shall be at least ten days, and one day in
addition for each forty miles of the distance from
the usual place of residence of the party notified to
the place of the taking of such deposition. Either
party may appear at the taking of such deposition,
either in person or by attorney. Notice to take dep-
osition under this act must be served during the
first thirty days of the period allowed for taking
testimony.
Sf.c. 3. All officers taking testimony to be used in
a contested-election case, whether by deposition or
otherwise, shall, when tho taking of the sariib is
completed, and without unnecessary delay, certify
tho same and carefully seal and immediately forward
the same by mail addressed to tho Clerk of tho llouso
of Representatives of the United States, ■Washing-
ton, D. C.; and shall also indorse upon the envelope
containing such deposition or testimony the name
of the case in which it is taken, together with tho
name of the party in whose behalf it is taken.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHIHI? CLERK 01' THE STATU DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SWANN. I'am directed by the Com-
mittee 6n Appropriations to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 1120) to increase the com-
pensation of the chief clerk of the Depart-
ment of State. And I ask permission to have
that bill taken from the morning hour, and
that I be permitted to move it as an amend-
ment in Committee of the Whole to the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There can be no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland asks that the bill (H. R. No. 1120)
be withdrawn from the morning hotir, and
that he have permission, when the House shall
again go into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the diplomatic and con-
sular appropriation bill, to move it as an
amendment thereto. Is there objection?
There Was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION DILL.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Appropriations, refiortedabill (II. R. No. 1661)
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June SO, 1873; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the bill be
printed and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that ic
he made a special order for to-morrow after
the morning hour, and from day to day there-
after until disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve all points of
order on the bill.
Tho motion of Mr. Marshall was agreed to.
PUBLIC WORKS.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1118)
to facilitate the execution of and to protect
certain public works of improvement, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
• JOHN II. STAILEY.
Mr. PALMER, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of John IT. Stailey,
for relief on account of money loaned, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
REMISSION OF TAXES.
Mr. BURCHARD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1662) for the remission of taxes on c'erta!a
distilled spirits destroyed by the great fire &t
Chifcago; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It sets forth in the pre-
amble that certain distilled spirits, while in
bonded warehouses in the city of Chicaj*6,
\ver6 'destroyed by the great fire on the 8th and
9th of'October last. The bill therefore author-
izes and dir'ec'ts the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, on presentation of proof of their
destruction satisfactory to him, to remit and
release the direct tax of fifty cents per gallon
clue and collectable on the distilled spirits
which were in store in the distillery bonded
warehouses of Messrs. Dickinson, Leach &
Co., Thomas Lynch, Mason & Crosby, and
the Kel'ler Distillery Company, and consiimed
when said warehouses were destroyed by fire
on the 8th and 9th of October, 1871.
Mr. BURCHARD. The persons named in
this bill have presented their petition and "ask
for a remission of certain taxes assessed against
them, and for relief from the payment of the
gallon tax. The matter was referred to the
Treasury Department, and <i report made by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The
committee recommend the remission of tho
galton tax, but not of the Special taxes, and
have instructed me to report this bill and ask
its consideration by the House. Tire report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
sustains the position.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether it would not bo
better to pass a general bill providing this
relief for all persons whose property was de-
stroyed in bonded warehouses by the firs in
Chicago, instead of passing a special bill in each
case ? W by not pass a general bill on the
subject, and devolve this power upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasuty ? The former policy of
Congress has been in such cases to allow the
Secretary of the Treasury under certain lim-
itations to make remission of taxes. I submit
that if it is proper to give this relief to the
parties mentioned in the bill, it would be
better to pass a general bill. This subject has
received the careful consideration of the House
heretofore; it has been considered by the
Committee of Claims of the House; I believe
this is the first report of this kind that has
ever been made by any other committee of the
House, and certainly by this committee. But
still, if the bill is right in principle, I submit
that a general law on the subject would be
equally right and proper.
Mr. BURCHARD. It did not seem wise to
the committee to modify the general law so as
to give the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue power in all cases if in his judgment it is
proper to remit the taxes on spirits destroyed
by fire, but when parties come before Congress
with proof, showing a meritorious case, relief
ought to be extended, or the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue ought to be authorized to
remit the taxes in those cases. There would
be no objection perhaps to a law including all
spirits destroyed in the burnt district of Chicago
by that fire ; but the committee have no knowl-
edge of any other cases than those mentioned
in the bill. So far as the knowledge of the
committee extends, no other applications have
been made for the remission ofv taxes. The
case is different from those in which spirits
have been destroyed by an ordinary fire at
detached distilleries in different parts of the
country. Here is a case where there could
have been no collusion on the part of the dis-
tillers. There have been cases in which spirits
have been destroyed where the distillers have
been burned out, and it has been found that it
has been done with the intent to defraud the
Government. All these cases should be care-
fully considered and scanned. It seems to the
committee, if I understand their views upon the
subject, that each case should stand upon its
own merits.
Mr. HOLMAN. One other question. Ia
