2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Rochester, New York, asking for a constitu-
tional amendment excluding from Federal
office all persons addicted to tbeuse of intoxi-
cating liquors as a beverage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Rochester, New York, asking for the prohibi-
tion by law of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of intoxicating liquors as a beverage ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, asking for the settlement of international
difficulties by arbitration ; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of
citizens of Rhode Island, late soldiers of the
United States Army, praying Congress to pass
an aet granting to all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who enlisted in the service of the
United States for the suppression of the late
rebellion, and who have an honorable dis-
charge, and to the heirs of those that are
deceased, $8 S3J per month for the time
served, deducting therefrom all Government
bounty heretofore received by them ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
• citizens of Boston, asking lor a constitutional
amendment excluding from Federal office all
persons addicted to the use of intoxicating
liquors as a beverage; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, District of Columbia, asking for
a constitutional amendment excluding fiom
Federal otfice all peisons addicted to the use
of intoxicating liquors as a beverage ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of 'J Cexas, prejented the
petition of L. D. Evans, late collector of the
fourth district of Texp.s, praying Congress to
relieve him from the payment of certain funds
that never came into his hands; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BAYAUD presented the petition of
Levin Lank, of Sussex county, Delaware, a
soldier of the war of 1812, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMBKOY presented five petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for the exclusion
from office of all persons addicted to the use
of intoxicating liquors as a beverage; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a petition of one hundred
and fifty citizens of Kansas, praying for the
establishment of a United States district court
at the city of Parsons, in southern Kansas;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying that the titles to lands
granted to the Iowa railroad companies be
decided by the Department and the courts;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
He also presented the petition of Leonard
J. Rose, of California,- praying indemnity for
property captured and robbed by the Indians
on the Colorado river, New Mexico, August
31, 1858, amounting to !j27,693 76 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
John S. McGregor, praying relief on account
of the loss of a bounty land warrant while in
the possession of the General Land Office;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
He also presented the memorial of Aria!
K. Baton and James D. Jenkins, praying for
an allowance for clerk hire while they were
register and receivers, respectively, in the Tur-
key River laud district, in Iowa; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LE W IS presented the petition of J oseph
Ligon, of Nelson county, Virginia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of John W.
Motley, of Pittsylvania county, Virginia; of
George C. Cabell, of Danville, Virginia; and
of R. M. Kerby, of Orange Court-House, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented a memorial of members
of the Legislature of the State of Virginia,
asking the removal of political disabilities
from Robert A. Coghill, of Amherst county,
Virginia; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of the heirs of Thomas Lawson be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
I Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1666) to estab-
lish certain post roads, reported it with amend-
ments, and the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be printed and recommitted to the com-
mittee.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill (S. No. 888) for
the publication of certain maps of survey of
the upper Mississippi and Minnesota rivers ;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2036) for the relief of James A. Bell,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Robert D.
Brown, of Van Buren, Iowa, praying for au
increase and arrears of pension, have had the
same under consideration, and because they
believe that the application has never been
before the Committee on Pensions, or that it
is an exceptional case asking for legislation in
regard to matters which that committee has
refused to report in favor of, they have in-
structed me to report back the petition and
recommend that the claim be rejected.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee,
to^ whom was referred the petition of John
Waiters, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying
compensation for property destroyed by the
burning of the United States receiving ship
Pennsylvania, reported adversely thereon, and
the committee were discharged from the farther
consideration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 79) for the relief
of Dudley D. Smith, in his own right, and as
administrator of Whitcomb Smith, deceased,
moved that it be postponed indefinitely; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BORE MAN. I move that the petitioner
in that case have leave to withdraw the peti-
tion and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the papers in relation
to the claim of Julius Frank for compensation
for suttler's supplies seized by order of Gen-
eral Thomas in 1864, submitted an adverse
report thereon ; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT also, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Milo Pratt, praying remuneration for losses
sustained by the alleged failure of the quarter-
master's department to comply with a con-
tract made with him in 1864, furnishing coal,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 895) for the relief of Milo Pratt.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W.RIGHT. The same committee, hav-
ing had before them the memorial of Brevet
Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, United
States Army, asking Congress to provide for
the payment to him of a royalty which hs
claims* on certain breech-loading guns and
tapering metallic cartridges, have instructed
me to report it back with the recommendation
that he have leave to withdraw his papers, no
action having been had thereon.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary J. McMullen, praying to be refunded
certain money taken by the military authori-
ties of the United States during the war of the
rebellion, submitted an adverse report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed, and the com-
mittee were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George W. Jones,
praying compensation in consequence of the
failure by the Government to fulfill a contract
with him, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print five thousand extra copies of the act
relative to soldiers' homesteads, reported it
with an amendment striking out "five" and
inserting •' three."
The amendment was agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted, as fol-
lows:
Rewlved, That three thousand copies of the act
(S. j^o. 447) to eiiable honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the United
States, be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
to print additional copies of the report in
regard to the life-saving stations on the coasts
of New Jersey and Long Island, reported it
without amendment; and the resolution was
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December II, 1871. information in relation to the
present condition of the life-saving stations on the
coasts of New Jersey and Long Island, be printed.
Mr. ALCORN, from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1016) to piomote the develop-
ment of the mining resources of the United
States, reported it with amendments; and the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be printed
and recommitted to the committee.
Mr. PRAT f, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 95) for
the relief of Minerva Lewis, as administratrix
on the estate of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased,
reported it with amendments, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of L. Merchant &
Co., praying to be paid the amount, realized
by the sale of the lighter Itigomar, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed, and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the Mercantile
Mutual Insurance Company of New York,
Congress to authorize the issue to it
of Treasury notes in lieu of notes alleged to
have been lost at sea, submitted an adversa
report; which was ordered to be piintcd, and
the committee were discharged from the further
consideration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
