266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
from these specific words, giving these great
powers to the Congress, the President was
excluded, for this group concludes with the
clause:
"And to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution theioregomg
powers/' &c.
It will be observed, therefore, that the lan-
guage used with reference to this group of
powers is precisely the same that is used in
the constitutional amendment, "Congress
shall have power."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
Vermont allow me to ask him a question for
information ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With great pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. Has anybody said that
this bill if passed would not be a law? It has
been said that it is not ordinary legislation ;
but if anybody has said that it would not be a
law if passed I have not heard it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I take it we aro
trying to pass a law when we propose an
amendment to the Constitution, and that is
exactly the point I want to reach. It is pre-
cisely one step, and I am much obliged to my
friend for the concession, because it gets us
one step toward a just solution of this ques-
tion.
We find, then, that instead of making a pro-
posal to the States, as wo do when we propose
to amend the Constitution—which has no effect
except as a. proposition—we are now making
a law which is final in itself. It is the last
expression of the sovereign will under the forma
of the Constitution, and there is the broad dis-
tinction between the illustration of my friend
from Illinois as to the necessity of the presi-
dential approval of a proposition to amend
the Constitution and the necessity of a pres-
idential approval to a law, as my friend from
Ohio properly admits this to be, which is final
and effective in the last sense upon the rights
of the citizen, which weave now abouttopass,
and if my friend will look at the decision of
the Supreme Court in the case to which he
referred, I think he will find that the theory
then proceeded upou is iu precise accordaucc
with the idea I have stated.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I agree
with the Senator from Vermont entirely in the
argument he has been making, and he has
anticipated what I intended myself in some
respects to say. I presume the case referred
to is that of Holliiigsworth ei al. vs. Virginia,
the only case that occurs to me in which this
point was raised. It was argued there that
the amendment, the proposition to the States
to amend the Constitution, not liaving been
submitted to the President and signed by him,
was not properly submitted. Now I want to
read a single word of the argument, and what
the court said. This point was presented by
Tilghmau and llawle on the one side, and
answered by Attorney General Lee. Ho said,
arguendo;
"And the case of amendments is evidently a sub-
stantive act, unconnected with the ordinary busi-
ness of legislation, and not within the policy or
torrcs of investing the President with a qualified
negative on the acts and resolutions of Congress."
After that there is a note of interruption
from the court:
" Chase, Justice. There can surely ho no necessity
to answer that Argument. The negative of the
President applies only to the ordinary eases of legis-
lation. EIo has nothing to do with the proposition
or adoption of amendments to the Constitution."
And the decision of the court, which is very
brief, simply announces the fact that the amend-
ment was properly adopted. Anybody read-
ing this ease will see that the distinction there
was the very one which the Senator from Ver-
mont has been pointing out, namely, that it
was a special, isolated act, not of legislation,
but of proposition —the Senator uses the very
word which is employed here—of proposition
by. Congress to the States, and therefore that
it is distinguishable from all these phrases,
some of which have been referred to. like the
phrase " Congress shall have power to grant
letters of marque and reprisal;" "Congress
shall have power to declare war." All of those
powers, as I understand it, have always been
held to pertain to legislation, and this has been
distinguished from them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, as
I was saying, (and I am obliged to my friend
from New York for reading from that case) 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Vermont I will
ask him this question: suppose the proposi-
tion before the Senate as reported by the com-
mittee should be passed, would the President
have any power to veto that proposition, and
if he did veto it formally, would his veto have
the least effect to arrest the operation o the
proposition?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely the prop-
osition, Mr. President—and my friend has
stated it a great deal better than I could—that
I am endeavoring to maintain.
Now, we have it said by my honorable friend
from Ohio, who takes this appeal (which, as
I think, is a concession of the whole point)
that this is a matter of legislation : for cer-
tainly he and every gentleman who hears mo
will agree that legislation is by the very import
of the word making a law. He admits thai
thisisalaw; it is legislation. It is legislation
which, for the security of the Republic, was
thought by the Constitution to require a larger
assent in point of individual membership of
the members of each House than other bills ;
and that is all there is to it.
Now, suppose this section had said' 'Congress
may, by a majority vote of each House, do
this," would anybody maintain then that the
Presidentneed not approve it? Of course the
absence of the word "majority" would not
change it in this case, for the reason that that
is always implied. Or suppose, as my friend
from New York [Mr. Conkling] suggests to
me, that the provision had simply said that
"Congress may by a two-thirds vote" merely,
without saying "of each House," would it not
then 
Mr. CONKLING. No ; that a two-thirds
vote shall be necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or, to change it in the
other way, suppose it said that a. two-thirds
vote shall be necessary to the passage of an
act, resolution, or order under this provision
of the Constitution relieving these people of
disabilities, would anybody contend in that
case that it was*not an act which required the
participation as well of the head of the Gov-
ernment, representing the whole body of the
people, as of each House of Congress? Cer-
tainly nobody would. Suppose it had simply
said, without providing how many members
should vote either way on the question, " but
Congress may remove such disability," would
my friend from Illinois contend that in such a
case as that the signature of the President of
the United States would not be necessary?
Plainly he would not. Then, according to his
theory, the fact that in order to secure the
public against further treason the Constitution
has provided that a larger number of mem-
bers of each House should concur in making
this law, as my friend from Ohio admits it to
be, takes away from the security of the people
that which was regarded as its highest security
under all the rest of the Constitution—the
approval of the President of the United States.
That is all I wish to say, Mr. President,
except just this : I think this matter is so im-
portant even for the safety of this bill, if it
should be passed, as I have no doubt it will be,
and all other bills of this character, that it
should be understood, as the practice always
has been, that the President must approve it,
that I hope no friend of the bill will be tempted
to vote against the decision of the Chair upon
tho ground that it may keep us until four
o'clock to dispose of it, instead of dispos-
ing of it sooner if this amendment should be
rejected. It is a question of too much parlia-
mentary importance to have our wishes upon
this particular bill affect our vote upon this
question of the procedure of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I think that the
point of order made by the Senator from Ohio
id properly taken, for this reason : the pro-
ceeding which is sought to be amended is a
special proceeding under a particular amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States.
The reason upon which the honorable Senator
makes his point of order is that the subject of
the amendment is not germane to the original
proposition. The amendment to the Constitu-
tion does not authorize, but excludes, the
matter of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and I will illustrate
it in this way: the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposed a very important proposition of
amendment to the Constitution this morning ;
would the matter which he offered as an amend-
ment to this bill be a proper amendment to
his resolution to amend the Constitution if that
resolution was before the Senate? Certainly
not, because the Senate in proceeding to make
propositions to amend the Constitution of the
United States is executing a special power
under a particular clause of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to propose amend-
ments to the Constitution, and when the Sen-
ate is proceeding under that power it is only
such propositions as are germane to a proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution that can be
offered as amendments to an original propo-
sition to amend the Constitution.
If the honorable Senator's proposition to
amend the Constitution were now pending
before the Senate, and some other Senator
were to get up and offer as an amendment to
his resolution proposing to amend the Con-
stitution the identical proposition of the bill
that is now pending before the Senate, that
honorable Senator would be the first to object
to its regularity, to its order ; and in mak-
ing the objection, I think he would occupy
immovable ground.
The principle is simply that in proceeding
to propose amendments to the Constitution
the general parliamentary law in relation to
the mode of transacting business has no ap-
plication at all. You cannot propose any
proposition you please as an amendment to a
proposition to propose an amendment to the
Constitution. You must propose something
germane to that proposition, and if your prop-
osition of amendment is not germane, but is
wholly alien and removed from it, it is not in
order to offer it, because the Senate, in acting
upon the subject of a proposed amendment of
the Constitution, is executing a limited, spe-
cific power, and that power is confined to the
subject of the proposed amendment of the
Constitution, and nothing that is not strictly
germane to that identical proposition can be
offered as an amendment to the proposed res-
lution offering to amend the Constitution.
Now, sir, we are proceeding at the present
time under a similar provision in the Consti-
tution, the third section of the fourteenth
amendment. Here it is:
" No person shall ho a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United Spates, or under any State, who having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, 01-
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thoreof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability."
It is under that specific clause of the Con-
stitution that we are now acting. We are act-
ing upon an isolated subject, and that isolated
subject upou which we are acting, and upon
winch we are authorized to act by this pro-
vision of the Constitution, is simply and singly
