1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
to remove political disabilities. Anything that
relates to the removal of disabilities, that is
germane to the removal of disabilities, may be
proposed as an amendment to the proposition,
but 110 other subject can be attached to it.
"Why? Because tne Senate lias no power now
to act* upon any other subject; it is acting
under this specilie clause of the fourteenth
amendment, to the Constitution; it is acting
upon the single, isolated subject of removing
disabilities. That is the whole cognizance, the
whole amount of the jurisdiction of the Senate
in relation to the matter at this time; and the
question of order made by the Senator from
Ohio is that another and totally different sub-
ject cannot be offered as an amendment to (his
particular and isolated subject upon which
alone we are authorized to act, and upon which
alone we are acting.
Sir, I think that the proposition is perfectly
plain, perfectly clear. I maintain that the
general parliamentary law does not appiy at all
to this case. Here is the parliamentary law
for this particular case prescribed by the Con-
stitution itself, and it prescribes that two thirds
of each House of Congress may remove the
disability. That is a special power vested in
Congress alone, irrespective of and discon-
nected from the presidential veto. If this bill
is passed by a two-thirds majority of both Houses
of Congress, I deny that the President can stay
its effect and operation a single moment. He
has no power to veto it. It is a subject vested
in the cognizance and jurisdiction of Congress
alone, not in a majority of Congress, not in
Congress acting in its ordinary legislative
capacity, but in its extraordinary capacity of
acting under the authority of this particular
clause upon the subject of removing disabili-
ties aione, and inquiring two thirds of both
Houses to make the removal; and whenever
Congress has so acted, the law, if passed by
two thirds of both Houses of Congress, irre-
spective of the President, without being sub-
mitted at all to his approval or to his disap-
proval, becomes the constitutional law of
the land under the effect of this clause of the
fourteenth amendment.
It goes instantly into operation, and the
President has no power whatever by his veto
to airest it. If he were to veto it, his veto
would be bratum fulmai; it would be an act
which he would have no power to perform, and
it would have no effect, and if the question
was made before the Supreme Court, of the
United States, I entertain no doubt that it
would be decided, irrespective of his veto and
in defiance of it, that the bill or resolution re-
moving the disabilities having passed by a
constitutional majority of two thirds of both
Houses, was the law of the land, and that his
veto had nothing whatever to do with it.
I think, Mr. President,, that it is a very plain
question. It is entirely analogous to the pro-
ceeding of the two Houses in the matter of
amending the Constitution of the United States.
It is a subject vested exclusively in Congie.-s,
and when acted upon by the two Houses and
by the majorities of the two Houses, which the
Constitution requires, it is an accomplished
fact upon the authority of Coiigi-e^s alone,
requires no approval of the President of the
United States, but would have full and com-
plete effect, although he were to veto it, as a
proposed amendment to the Constitution would
have full and complete effect. The thirteenth
amendment, for instance, was, as the honor-
able Senator from Illinois says, inadvertently
submitted to President Lincoln. He approved
it; but if lie had disapproved it, and had
attempted to veto that proposition to amend
the Constitution, it would have had precisely
the same validity and quite as much validity,
notwithstanding his veto, as it had with his
approval.
Mr. THURMAN. As I made this point of
order it is perhaps proper that I should answer
some of the objections that have been made
to it. If no other Senator desires to speak
upon itl will occupy the attention of the Senate
for a very brief space.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator wishes
to close the debate, I should like to say a word
upon the question now.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I give way.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say but a
word, Mr. President. When this point of
order, was submitted originally, it was submit-
ted upon the ground that this particular bill,
requiring a two-thirds vote, unlike the gen-
erality of bills, it was out of order to amend
it by a proposition of the ordinary kind. That
point was overruled by the Chair, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio having appealed from the de-
cision, I understand he enlarges it now as his
objection stands, and he says now, if I appre-
hend him aright, first, that the proposition is
not germane. He does not allege that, he
informs us, in the general and indefinite sense,
but speaking in a special sense he says that the
proposition is not germane, and then, if I un-
derstand him aright, he adopts the suggestion
made by another Senator, that this is a special,
isolated, exclusive power; as I think he him-
self expressed it, .mi generis; not controlled by
the rules applicable to the general acts and
doings of Congress.
I differ entirely with the Senator on this
proposition, if it be one, or upon these propo-
sitions, if they be two or three. In the first
place, it cannot be, as the Senator from Ver-
mont says, that if the constitution of a State
requires a three-fifths vote to pass a bill a
majority cannot amend it, or that provisions
which would be in order, without reference
to the three-fifths rule, would be excluded
by that fact. Nor can it be in this body, as I
have learned to in}' cost, that because a propo-
sition is not germane it is out of order; and I
do not go to the extent to which I understand
the Senator from Vermont to go in his inter-
pretation of Jefferson's Manual. I have always
cherishcd humbly, since I have been a member
ofthis body, the belief that the practice of the
Senate goes far beyond the parliamentary law.
I understand the parliamentary law on this
point, to be this, and nothing more: that in
order to destroy a proposition pending in a
parliamentary body, it. is in order to move an
amendment totally repugnant to it, irrecon-
cilable with it, which antidotes it, if I may so
say, and turns it around and-makes it act in
the opposite direction. [ do not understand
that that rule was ever intended to permit an
app'opriation bill, for example, to be amended
after its title by patting in all sorts of things
totally irrelevant, totally misdescribed by the
title of the bill. I think there is a broad dis-
tinction. However, it is not important here.
The practice of the Senate is broader than my
understanding of the rule, and either under-
standing is broad enough to answer this propo-
sition iu that regard.
But now, Mr. President, I wish to say a
word about the special suggestion which the
Senator from Kentucky Iias just enforced. He
says that if this were a proposition to amend
the Constitution it would not be in order to
ingraft upon it ordinary legislation. Why
would not that be in order? Simply because,
as has been established by the precedents
of the country, and as the Supreme Court
has declared, that, is not legislation at, all.
That is willt, they say. the Senator from
Ohio has taken pains to admit that this is
legislation, ile inquires of the Senator from
Vermont whether anybody has '-aid that after
this bill is passed it will not be a law,
thereby meaning that nobody would have the
boldness to contend that this would not be a
law. Very well. A law is the product of
legislation, and the only thing that brings
law into existence is legislation. Therefore,
here is an admiss on (an unnecessary admis-
sion, because it must be obvious to every-
body) that this bill and the act of consum-
mating it is legislation. Nov/, the Senator
from Kentucky takes a ease where the act is
expressly not legislative, just like confirming a
treatv or a presidential nomination; and I
submit to that honorable Senator that his
illustration would be just as convincing if he
put it to the Senate to say whether on the
question of ratifying a treaty or confirming a
nomination to office it would be in order to
move a legislative amendment.
Again, the Senator from Kentucky would
convince us just as much if he would put this
proposition : on a concurrent resolution to
adjourn the two Houses would it be in order
to move a legislative amendment? No: that
is perfectly clear. Why? Because the con-
current resolution is not legislative in charac-
ter. That is the only reason, the only reason
literally. A man might philosophize forever,
and he never could enlarge that reason. It is
all in a nutshell. It is not legislative business.
This is legislative business. That is the dis-
tinction. Therefore, how do we gain anything
by reasoning in a circle, by saying, " If you
admit that this is an isolated power of the
Senate not legislative in character, then how
can you say that this will be in order?" Why,
of course you cannot, but the argument sub-
mitted is what the logicians call a petiiio prin-
cipii ; it begs the whole question in the prem-
ises ; and when you beg the premises, there is
no answer to the conclusion.
Mr. BAYARD. The Constitution by its
very words excepts that and makes it a sepa-
rate proceeding.
Mr. CONKLING. And so does the Con-
stitution iu words except a proposition to
the States to amend the Constitution of the
United States. That is the very point to
which the Senator from Delaware, in iiis seat,
now calls my attention. He says the Consti-
tution by its terms, by its own \igor, makes a
concurrent resolution of adjournment a sepa-
rate and special proceeding. Certainly it
does; and exactly so does it make that pro-
ceeding by which the two Houses propose
amendments to the organic law. It is not 1
who say that, nor the Constitution alone which
says that, but the precedents of all the depart-
ments of the Government say it, and that de-
partment which interprets the law, the Supreme
Court of the United States, has said it in so
many words. The Senator from Ohio has
asked for the decision, and in the hook which
I have sent him occurs this suggestion—if I
do not give equivalent language, he will cor-
rect me—made from the bench, interrupting,
by one of the justices: "It has nothing to do
with ordinary legislative business.''
The honorable Senator from Ohio, as I have
once said, has assisted me in the argument by
admitting that this is to be a law. That is an
admission, only in other words, that, it is legis-
lative. Now, let me ask the Senate what this
argument -would lead to? If I understand the
argument, it is that by the Constitution in its
phrase, ''Congress may by a vote of two thirds
of each House remove such disabilities," this
act and all such acts are excepted out of the
ordinary forms of legislation and planted upon
a pedestal of their own. Will any Senator tell
me, if that be true, what business in this bill
have the provisions which are here no.v?
Why, tir, if that be the law and the, argument,
it must bo that Congress under this special
provision, acting in and of itself, without refer-
ence to the Kxecntive, may answer yes or no
upon the question of removing disabilities
from some one or alt of these disqualified per-
sons.
If that be the argument, certainly under that
power Congress can go no further than that:
and by what argument is 11 that there may bo
imported into tins bill unnecessary, different,
additional dissimilar provisions? Tney are.
for example, that, the parties to be benefited
by this bill shall do so and thus ; that they shall
perform Mich andsuch conditions, just as broad
a power implied there, the Senate will see, as
if any other conditions were annexed to this
bill, as if it was fixed to take effect at a future
