1872..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
pure bounty, enabling the owner to recover
twice the amount of his taxes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not aware of any
tax to which that suggestion will apply.
Mr. NI BLACK. I make the point of order
that gentlemen shall address the Chaii, as we
cannot hear what is going on.
Mr. BURCHARD. The petition which ac-
companies the bill sets foi'thin detail the losses
of these parties. They lost each one of them
a large amount aside from this tax which is
held up against them. They set out in detail
the amount of the insurance and the amount
realized on their insurance. At least, two par-
ties do so. I have not read the petition entirely
through, but I am assured by my colleague from
the Chicago district, who introduced this peti-
tion and bill, some of the parties had no insur-
ance at all, and that those who had insurance
will realize but a few cents on the dollar of the
amount of their insurance. Their losses far
exceed, aside from this tax, the amount they
will receive.
But, Mr. Speaker, the whole matter is left
to the investigation and discretion of the Com-
missioner of internal .Revenue. We do not, a.s
was done in some precedent cases, appropri-
ate so much money or authorize the credit of
the amount they claim of fifty cents a gallon
on these spirits. We merely authorize the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, on satis-
factory proof of the destruction of these dis-
tilled spirits, to credit these parties with the
amount of tax.
The petition and report set forth in full all
the facts in the case. The affidavits of the
parlies themselves sustain the facts which are
stated. The officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment proper and the officers of the Internal
Revenue Bureau sustain the case as it is set
forth in these papers. We therefore think it
would be far better the bill should pass as it
is, rather than we should prepare and pass a
general bill or include in this bill provisions
coveiiiig other parties.
.Mr. HOLMAN. What was the amount of
distilled spirits destroyed ?
Mr. BURCHARD. The amount of distilled
spirits consumed, as shown by the report of
the Treasury Department, is as I will state it:
Dickinson, Leach & Co. lost 485 taxable gal-
lons, which would amount to $232 50 in the
way of tax. Thomas Lynch lost 12,808 gal-
lons, on which the tax is $6,404. The Keller
Distillery Company lost 1,930 gallons, on
which the tax is $965. Mason & Crosby lost
626 gallons, on which the tax is $318. The
total amount lost was about 15,000 gallons.
The insurance would not amount to ten jjer
cent, of the other losses which these parties
have sustained.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether the fact has
come to the knowledge of the Committee of
Ways and Means that some of these insurance
companies in settling the insurance have paid
tlie.tax to toe extent of fifty cents of its value
with the understanding that the insured shall
apply to Congress to be relieved from the pay-
ment of the tax of fifty cents per gallon, and
in case it shall be obtained, then the insurance
companies shall pa}' no more, but otherwise
they shall pay the additional fifty cents on the
amount of the tax ? If so, is it right that the
insurance companies, having received the pre-
mium on the insurance, should have such re-
mission of tax on the part of the Government?
Mr. BURCHARD. I do not propose to lay
down general principles, butthere was no such
fact as the gentleman states coming to our
knowledge. There was a case, I understand,
before the Committee of Claims, as stated by
a member of that committee, where such a
fact exists, but it does not exist as to these
parties.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the Treasury Depart
ment. should be instructed to inquire iuto the
fact as to what extent these parties were insured,
and wliat agtee'uent, if any, between them and
the insurance companies.
Mr. BURCHARD. We have inquired so
far as the papers before us are concerned, and
those papers show, as I have already stated,
that the total insurance does not_ cover the
total loss sustained by these parties. Some
of these parties, indeed, had no insurance
whatever.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
let me amend the bill so that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall inquire into the question of
the insurance by these parties, and whether
there was any such agreement between them
and the insurance companies.
Mr. BURCHARD. I have no objection to
the amendment. If the gentleman desires to
makesuchan amendment, lethimsuggestwhat
amendment it is he wants.
Mr. HOLMAN. My amendment is that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
inquire into the insurance, if any, on distilled
spirits, and shall deduct from the amount
allowed the amount of such insurance. _
Mr. HOAR. I would suggest a different
form of expression, so that the amendment
would read, "unless so far as the same may
constitute a lawful claim on the part of the
owner against a solvent insurance company."
That will make it the duty of the Commissioner
of internal Revenue to inquire into the ques-
tion of insurance.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to hear the last
section of the bill again read.
The SPEAKER. The bill consists of but
one section. It will be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment I desire
to offer is to add "except so far as covered by
valid insurance."
Mr. BURCHARD. I prefer the form sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar:] and I am willing to allow that
amendment] These are new conditions. Bills
of this kind have frequently been passed with-
out any conditions. There is, I believe, no
precedent for any condition whatever. I have
no objection, however, to guarding this point;
but if we do, I think the form proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts is preferable to
that proposed by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. The expression I submit
is, "except so far as covered by valid insur-
ance." 1 hope the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will agree to that.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object to the lan-
guage, proposed by the gentleman from_ Indi-
ana. The insurance may cover both this and
other property, and the credit should not be
allowed to apply wholly to the Government
tax.
Mr. HOAR. I will modify my amendment
so that it will read, "unless so far as the
owner may be indemnified against said tax by
a valid claim of insurance."
Mr. HOLMAN. I am content with that.
The amendment of Mr. Hoar was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURCHARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved" that the motion to reconsider be laid,
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF CUBREKCY ACT.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 187) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864.
The bill was read, it proposes to amend
section thirty-one of the act to provide^a na-
tional currency secured by pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof, approved June
8, 1884, by striking out the word " Leaven-
worth" where it occurs in said section. .
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to hear that
section of the statute read, so that we may un-
derstand what will be the effect of the amend-
ment. ,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
explain in a word the object of this bill. . It
is simply to strike out the city of Leavenworth
from the list of cities which are called redeem-
ing cities under the currency act.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to,
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE 01? NAME OF NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1663) authorizing the Warren National
Bank of Ssuth Danvers, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, to change its name to the Warren
National Bank of Peabody, Massachusetts;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. In its first section it
authorizes the Warren National Bank, of South
Danvers, located now in Peabody, Massa-
chusetts, to change its name to the Warren
National Bank of Peabody, Massachusetts.
Whenever stockholders, representing three
fourths of the capital of said bank, at a meet-
ing called for that purpose, shall determine
to make such change, the president and cash-
ier shall execute a certificate, under the cor-
porate seal of the bank, certifying such de-
termination, and shall cause the same to be
recorded in the office of the Comptroller of
the Currency, and thereupon such change of
name shall be effected, and the operations of
discount and deposit of said bank shall be
carried on under the name of the Warren
National Bank of Peabody, in the town of
Peabody, in the county of Essex, State_ of
Massachusetts. The second section provides
that nothing in this act contained shall release
the bank from any of its liabilities, or affect
any action or proceedings in law, in which the
bank may be a party. The third section pro-
vides that the act shall take effect and be in
force from- and after its passage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts.' I will
explain in regard to that bill that the object is
merely to change the name of a bank, in con-
sequence of the name of the town in which it
is located having been changed. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
&nd p&ss6(l«
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FIRST NATIONAL BANK. OF SENBCA.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
same committee, reported a bill (B.R. No.
1664) to change the location of the .First
National Bank of Seneca, State of Illinois, to
the city of Morris, Illinois; which was read.a
first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed ^and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passeia.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts," movedto
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was Agreed to.
CUtC0LATINGCORKENCy.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts I am
instructed by the Committee on BankiDg acd
