1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3851
affirmative. He therefore cannot call for tie
yeas and nays, he having voted with the
majority.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] objects
to the call for the yeas and nays on the part
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoaii] on two grounds: first, that he did not
make it. in time, and secondly, that he makes
the call with respect of his own motion that
was declared by the Chair to have been carried.
With regard to the first objection the Chair
holds that the gentleman from Massachusetts
made his call in time. As to the second objec-
tion, the Chair does not understand how the
gentleman from Massachusetts can be de-
barred of his constitutional right to have the
yeas and nays called if one fifth of the mem-
bers present second his call therefor, although
he himself submitted the motion and voted
in the affirmative thereon, in respect to which
he makes the call for the'yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask consent
to submit a proposition to the House. I am
advised that if a half an hour can be given to
the Committee of Claims at some other time
they will be able to make the balance of their
reports.
Mr. MOORE. We cannot make such an
order without a quorum.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask unanimous
consent lor that purpose,
Mr. MOORE. That cannot be done with-
out a qnorutn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Certainly it can
by unanimous consent-
Several members objected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I thought it
might he well to submit the proposition.
Mr. MOORE. Why not take a half an
hour now ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I am willing.
Mr. YOUNG. 1 rise to a point of order.
This call is being made to determine who are
absent on leave of the House, and who are
not. And according to the rules of the House
no excuses for absent, members can be, made
mail the order has been executed for their
arrest.
• Mr. McKEE. Is a motion to adjourn now
in order ?
Mr. YOUNG. I ask that my point of
order be ruled upon by the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 rise to a point of order,
and that is that this call of the roll is made
at this stage for the purpose of finding out
who aro absent from the House without its
leave 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes.
Mr. RANDALL. And when that is dis-
covered, which the Journal will exhibit, it is
the duty of the Speaker to issue his warrant to
the Sergeant-at,-Arms to arrest such members.
Mr. PETERS. Oh, no!
Mr. RANDALL. And after that is done
excuses can be beard.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is the
duly of the Speaker to issue his warrant to the
Sergeant at-Arms for the arrest of members
without leave when the House shall so direct,
and not till then.
Mr. MOORE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state it.
Mr. MOORE. If the ruling of the Chair
as I understand it is correct, that in every case
where the name of an absent member is called
a motion can be made to excuse him if a
sufficient excuse is rendered for his absence,
then I submit that it would be utterly impos-
sible ever to complete a call of the House.
Mr. PETERS. That te the fault of our
rules; thutisall.
Mr. PERCE. Is this debate in order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. General
debate is not in order, but gentlemen have the
right,to present points of order.
Mr. PERCE. Pending a division of the
House upon a question?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Points of
order relating to that division are in order.
Mr. McINTYRE. I rise to a point of order.
I ask the attention of the Chair to a rule which
I think setiles this question. I will read the
whole rule:
" The order of arrest is not usually made by the
House unless a quorum cannot otherwise be ob-
tained ; and upon the appearance of a quorum, a
motion is usually made and carried that 'all further
proceedings in the call bo dispensed with;' and this
motion is held to be in order at any period of the pro-
ceedings. The order for arrest is usually in this
form, namely: ' That theSergeant-at-Arms takeinto
custody and bring to the bar of the House such of
its members as are now absent without tho leave of
the House;' and, upon its adoption, a warrant,
under tho hand and seal of the Speaker, and attested
by the Clerk, with a list of the absentees thereto
attached, is immediately placed in the hands of the
Sergeant-at-Arms. Upon his appearance with mem-
bers under arrest, he is announced at tho bar of the
House by the Doorkeeper, whereupon ho makes his
return. The members brought in by him are then
severally arraigned by the Speaker and interrogated
by him as to what excuses they may have to offer
for being absent from the sitting of the House with-
out its leave."
Now, sir, I submit that the point made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall J is well taken ; that the only object in
calling the roll is to ascertain what, members
are absent without leave, and that those so
absent are to be ordeied to be brought to the
bar of the House that their excuses may be
heard. It is not in order for any one but
themselves to offer excuses.
Mr. HOAR. On that theory the Sergeant-
at-Arms might arrest a man on his death-bed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
makes answer to the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. McIntyre] that undoubtedly the mem-
bers arrested by the Sergeant-at-Arms cannot
give their excuses until they are brought in by
that officer; but, in the first instance, before
members are sent for upon the Speaker's war-
rant, the House does receive, according to all
the precedents which are known to the Chair,
the excuses of absentees from members pres-
ent who may oiler excuses for them, in order
that the House may have before it the material
upon which to decide as to what members it
shall direct tho Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest.
'Those are the excuses now being received.
The Chair regrets tho delay from holding that
they are in order ; but is compelled so to do.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Adams] is absent without leave of the House,
and without excuse. Would it he in order
now to move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to take Mr. Adams in custody and
bring him to the bar of the House?
Mr. McKEE. May-I suggest, Mr. Speaker,
to the 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear the suggestion of the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. McKjjp] before answering
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall.]
Mr. McKEE. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] called for the yeas and
nays on his motion ; and pending that call,
and before the House had decided whether
the yeas and nays should be ordered, I moved
to adjourn. I believe that motion is in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
of the gentleman from Mississippi to adjourn
is in order. The Chair did not hear it.
Mr. COGHLAN. I rise to a point of
order. It is that the only business in order at
this time is the resolution of the gentleman
from West Virginia, [Mr. Hereford,] that
the Sergeant-at-Arms proceed to arrest the
members of the House who are absent without
leave. I make the point that no other motion
is in order pending that resolution, and I ask
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOAR. It is too late to raise that
point.
Mr. McKEE. It has been already decided
by the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Mississippi is correct. The Chair
has already decided upon the point of order
made by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Coghlan.] It was raised when the gentleman
from West Virginia sent his resolution to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. COGHLAN. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair, and on that appeal I move
the previous question.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to lay the
appeal on the table.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call forthe regular order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the
gentleman from West Virginia sent to the
desk his resolution instructing the Sergeant-
at-Arms to take absent members into custody,
the point of order just raised by the gentle-
man from California was suggested by an in-
quiry from the gentleman from Mississippi,
and was overruled by the Chair. The decision
was not appealed from, and thereupon the
House proceeded to receive excuses. It has
already heard the excuse in the case of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Adams ;] and
a division is asked on the excuse of another
member, Mr. Ames. Pending that question
the gentleman from Mississippi moves to ad-
journ.
Mr. COGHLAN. I appeal from the de-
cision just made by the Chairi and on that
move the previous question.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. And I move to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. HANCOCK. I wish to inquire, Mr.
Speaker, who made the motion to adjourn
upon which the ruling referred to was made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. McKee.]
Mr. HANCOCK. That motion was made
only recently. The Chair spoke of having
ruled upou some question when the resolution
was first introduced. I do not recollect any
motion to adjourn made at that time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. While the
House was receiving excuses for absentees,
the gentleman from California [Mr. Coohlan]
raised the poiut of order that before any ex-
cuses were received the House must proceed
to the consideration of the resolution of the
genlleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hereford,]
ordering the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest ab-
sentees and bring them to the bar of the House.
The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. COGHLAN. 1 appeal from that decision
of the Chair.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to lay the
appeal upon the table.
Mr. McKEE. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
56, noes 40.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall
and Mr. McICee were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 40.
Mr. DICKEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent to make a suggestion. I desire
that absent members shall be sent for before
we adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays, 68 not voting
125 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Beatty, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Roderick It.
Butler, Donnan, Eames, Fmkelnburg, Wilder 1).
Foster, Garfield, Goodrich, Halsey, Handley, Haw-
ley. Hay, Gerry W. IJazelton, Hibbard, Hoar, Lowe,
McKee, Merriam, Orr, Packard, Packer, Peroe,
Peters, Potter, Price, Prindie, Rainey, Ellis H. Hub-
erts, Sawyer, Shanks, Shellabarger, John A. Smith,
Terry, Thomas, Twichell, Waidron, Wallace, Walls,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M.
"VTilson—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer. Barnum, Barry,
Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Burdott, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell,
Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Crebs, Critcher,
Crossland, Dickey, Dox, Duke, Bunnell, Charles
Foster, Henry D. roster, Frye, Getz, Giddings, Gol-
laday, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock, Harpor,
E. Harris, John X, Harris, Havens, Here-
