1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 51,
Currency to report back, adversely, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 98) increasing the cir-
culating currency §30,000,000. I move that
it be laid Upon the table.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for a division on the
motion to lay it on the table, and I ask for the
reading of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read, and is as fol-
lows:
Whereas the business interests of tho coun try, and
especially of the western States, are much depressed
au,d require an increaso in tho volume of circu-
lating medium; and whereas thero is no reliable
prospect of a resumption of speoie payments at an
early day: Therefore,
ile$olo$d by the Senate and Xlouse of Representa-
tives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled. That the Committeo on Banking and
Currenoy be, and are hereby, instructed to report to
tho House at an early day a bill increasing the cur-
rency to tho amount, of at least $30,000,000, which
shall be distributed ameng the States according to
their business wants.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How does thiscome
before the House?
The SPEAKER. This resolution directs
the Committee on Banking and Currency to
inquire into the expediency of doing certain
things and they report it back, with the rec-
ommendation that it lie upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that this is
national bank currency, and we do not desire
auy more of that. I will not call for a division.
The joint resolution was then laid upon the
table.
WORN AND MUTILATED BANK NOTES.
Mr. MONROE, frota the same committee,
reported back with amendments, and with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (II. It.
No. 809) to provide for the retirement of worn
and mutilated bank notes.
The bill was read. Section ono provides
that as soon as practicable, after an appropri-
ation shall have been made by law for the
purpose, the Comptroller of the Currency,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall cause to be engraved and pre-
pared, on such paper and of such form and
design as he may prescribe, circulating notes
for national banking associations, and shall
issue the same to national banking associa-
tions in place of the worn and mutilated cir-
culating notes of said associations, in accord-
ance with the provisions hereinafter pre-
scribed ; and any additional issue of national
bank notes that may be made in pursuance of
law shall be in the new notes herein provided
for, so soon as the same are ready for issue.
The second section provides that under such
rules as the Secretary of the Treasury may
proscribe, the Treasurer and Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States, and the officers of
all national banking associations, shall for-
ward for redemption to the original bank of
issue, or to ita redeeming agency, all worn and
mutilated national bank notes, and said bank
of issue, or its redeeming agency, shall for-
ward the same to the Comptroller of the Cur-
renoy, who shall destroy the satne and issue
new notes in lieu thereof, as now provided by
law.
The amendments reported by the committee
were to strike out in the first section, in lines
three and four, the words "as soon as prac-
ticable after an appropriation shall have been
made by law for the purpose;" and in line
seven to insert after the word " design " the
words "and in such manner."
Mr. MONROE. I desire to occupy ten or
fifteen minutes of the time Of the House in
giving the reasons for the passage of this bill.
I see that the morning hour is nearly out, and
if gentlemen are likely to make privileged
motions upon me and take me off tny legs in
a moment, I would prefer to defer what I have
to say IIVItil to moriow; but if there be no
objection to my occupying fifteen minutes in
explanation of the bill, I will do it now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope thero will be no
objection, with the understanding that the bill
shall he debated for a reasonable time.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to it, with the understanding that at the
close of my colleague's remarks the House
will go into Committee of the Whole on the
appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I agree to that.
Mr. MONROE. Mr. Speaker, at the begin-
ning of the session, so much of the President's
message and of the accompanying documents
as relates to banking and currency was referred
to the committee having charge of those sub-
jects. Of the matter so referred was the fol-
lowing recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, which may be found upon page
11 of his last annual report:
" I respectfully recommend that an appropriation
be made for a now issue of national bank notes.
Those now in use aro much worn, and very suc-
cessful counterfeits of several denominations have
appeared."
In his report for the year 1870 the Secre-
tary had made the same recommendation. In
the Congressional Globe, near the close of the
last Congress, may be found a letter addressed
by the Secretary to a distinguished mem-
ber of the Finance Committee of the Senate,
under date of March 2, 1871, in which he says:
"I think it very important that tho House bill
providing for a new issue of national bank note cur-
rency should bo passed by the Senate at this session.
Tho present issue in circulatiou is generally defaced
and mutilated.
" Thero is no power of compulsory exohange; and,
morover, the bills of several denominations, espe-
cially the twenty-dollar bills, are so well counter-
feited as to dofy detection except by tho cloverest
experts.
" There is no bill pending, exccpt the appropria-
tion bills, that is so important, in a public sense,
within my knowledge."
In accordance with these earnest recom-
mendations of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the committee have dccidcd to report this bill.
It is substantially the same as the one introduced
into the House by the present chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations. Many mem-
bers are, no doubt, tamiliar with it, and it
will not be necessary, I trust, that much time
should be occupied in explanation of its pro-
visions.
The first section provides that thero shall bo
engraved and prepared, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, new circulating
notes for the national banking associations;
and the second section requires that all worn
and mutilated notes of such associations shall
be returned to the Treasury, and that the new
notes shall be issued in their place.
There are three questions which I suppose
the House will wish to have answered in re-
gard to this bill, namely: what are its objects ?
what expense will be incurred under it? and
who will bear this expense ?
1. As regards the objects of the bill, the first
evidently is to give the people an unworn,
clean, and legible currency. If tho national
Government assumes tho responsibility of reg-
ulating the banking system of the country, its
first and plain duty is to see that the currency
furnished through the banks is in good condi-
tion. To fail in this is not reputable, and
scarcely decent. When an honest citizen re-
ceives as the reward of his industry a note
with the seal of a great nation upon it, he may
reasonably ask that that note shall be legible
and shall not fall in pieces while he places it
in his pocket. Large portions of our present
bank note currency, especially in the West,
are much worn and mutilated—some of it to
such a degree that it cannot much longer
answer the purposes of currency at all; and
to this must be added the consideration that
when the notes become much worn there is
great difficulty in distinguishing between the
counterfeit and genuine, as the finer tiutings
and shadings, upon which experts rely, become
obliterated. It may be said that mutilated
notes may be returned to the Treasury under
the present law and new notes substituted
for them. This is true. The present law
makes it the duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency to receive worn-out or mutilated
circulating notes and deliver new ones in place
of them. But it does not make it the duty of
bank officers to return their worn notes. It is
a voluntary matter on their part, and as the
exchange is attended with some expense, to
the banks, the law does not furnish sufficient
motive to secure a good currency. But this
bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to prescribe rules under which bank officers
shall forward to the Treasury all notes which
are no longer suitable for circulation to receive
new notes in place of them. .
But a more important object of this bill is
to protect the people against counterfeiting.
Some of the bank notes now in circulation
have been counterfeited in such a manner as
to give the officers of the Treasury Department
some solicitude. This fact is brought to light
in the note of the Secretary of the Treasury
which I have already read. Dangerous coun-
terfeits exist, and we have reason to fear that
there will be more of them. New plates and
new printing will of itself put the counterfeit-
ers at fault for a long time. But a more im-
portant protection against counterfeiting is
found iu the fact that, should this bill become
a law, the Secretary of the Treasury will feel
authorized to print the new issue upon the
special fiber paper. This paper has now been
used for nearly three years in printing the legal-
tender notes. The result of this experiment
has been most encouraging. Thus far few
attempts at counterfeiting have been made,
and those so imperfect as to be readily detected
by persons of average experience in the use
of money. The manufacture of the special
fiber paper requires large apartments, machin-
ery moved by steam, pure spring water, and,
altogether, such an aggregation of buildings,
material, and workmen as would excite sus-
picion when employed for dishonest purposes.
Counterfeiters, therefore, cannot engage in this
business without detection, even if we were to
suppose them to have capital enough for the
purpose.
The objects of the bill, then, are such as
will abundantly justify us in enacting it into a
law.
2. But you will wish to know what all this
will cost. In reply, I would state that I hold
in my hand a note, addressed by the Secretary
of the Treasury to the honored chairman of
the Committee on Banking and Currency, in-
closing two estimates of the expense of a new
issue of national bank notes—one made upon
the basis of two printings, and the other upon
the basis of three. These papers I desire to
have appended to my remarks and printed in
the Globe. The total amount of the first of
these estimates, which is based upon two
printings, is, in round numbers, $986,000. The
amount of the second estimate is $1,226,000.
In the cheaper estimate, the printing process
by which the tinting is applied is omitted.
This omission would save $240,000 to the
Treasury, and, it is believed, would detract
nothing from the value of the currency, as the
tinting obscures the finer shadings of the black
lettering, which are an important safeguard
against counterfeits. Both these estimates are
based upon the plan which has already been
practiced by the Secretary of the Treasury, of
having one printing done by the bank-note
companies, and the other by the Treasury De-
partment, thejtwo thus acting as a check upon
each other. In a note written by the Secre-
tary ou the 25th of January last to the distin-
guished gentleman who was then chairman of
tho Committee on Banking and Currency, this
paragraph occurs:
"My own opinion is that ono impression only
should be made by the bank-note companies as a,
check, and that the rest ot the work should be dona
in the bureau, the saving effected by doing all the
workhere, in my opinion, being ofvery littleimporf-
ance as compared with the security of making one
of tho bank-note companies and the bureau, checks
mutually upon each other."
This check is valuable as a safeguard
against errors of all kinds as well as against
dishonest practices.
We may conclude, then, that the expense
which would be properly incurred in making
