1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have jurisdiction.; but in no other case than
cases of contract have we authorized that court
to exercise powers, and we have always hith-
erto refused (and I think refused rightly and
understandingly) to extend the jurisdiction of
that court to other cases than those of contract,
reserving to the nation, as we do in all other
instances, the right to determine how and in
what way claims shall be determined against it.
Now, if this is a case of contract, the Court
of Claims has jurisdiction already, and the
United States of course must submit to what-
ever final decision may be made. If it is not
a case of contract, and this act is necessary to
confer jurisdiction to hear a question as to the
expulsion of claimants from lands by the
United States, and where therefore redress
must be made for a wrong, not for the carry-
ing out of a contract where damages are meas-
ured according to the terms of the contract
made, then I think we ought not to confer
jurisdiction on the Court of Claims, certainly
not without very considerable reflection. Why?
First, because it involves a vast sum of money
evidently, which perhaps ought, not to betaken
from the Treasury under the circumstances
until Congress shall have ascertained that
there is equity in the case; and secondly,
because we are taking one step as a precedent
in advance of the law as it now stands, and
in a direction which, as it seems to me, is
extremely dangerous. So that, whether this
court has jurisdiclion or not, it appears to me
that it is open to great doubt whether this bill
ought to pass It the court has jurisdiction,
then clearly it is unnecessary to pass it. If it
has not junsdicnon, then we are assuming in
a case involving a,very large sum of money, for
which the 1'ri-a-ury is to be made responsible,
to refer t.iic questions connected with it (which
now by l.iw must be presented to Congress, or
else to the regular courts of law depending on
tie form ol procedure) to this Courtof Claims ;
and if  e do it in this instance, we must be
uijiigeJ to do so in other instances where
claims for wrongs, instead of claims for con-
tr.:c. "re preferred against us.
Certainly I should doubt the propriety of
taking a step of this character in a case where
the claim must be so very large, involving
probably millions of money, as this is. 1
suggest, therefore, to my honorable friend
whether it would not be better to let this bill
go over for a few days until we can consider
upon that subject a little and see whether there
is not some better way of giving relief, if relief
is deserved in this case, than to tie ourselves
up ill a matter of this magnitude and import-
ance not now within the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, 1 will assume for the purpose
of my argument, to whatever its judgment may
be. The natural and ordinary course would
be one that we often have here: a petition from
the claimants that the United States shall
make good the damages that they have sus-
tained, either by the substitution of other
lands, if that may be done, as probably in this
ease it cannot, or by a proper redress in money
for the wrong that our authorities have com-
mitted. 1 do not see the ground on which this
case ought to be taken oat of the general in-
stance of cases of petition which are applied
to claims of this character; and while I am up,
I should like to ask the honorable Senator
whether we have not previously had this ques-
tion under consideration in Congress within
three or four years? I think I have some
recollection upon the subject, but I am not
very sure about it.
Mr. BLAIR. I believe the question has
been considered by the other House, but never,
I believe, in the Senate before. I will state,
in answer to some of the observations of the
Senator from Vermont, that this is not unprece-
dented by any means. In the case ot the Hot
Springs in Arkansas, where there was an in-
dividual claimant for the Hot Springs, which
the Government had reserved, Congress passed
an act giving the right to the claimant to go
into the Court of Claims and try his right.
Therefore the precedent has already been set,
and I cannot see any hardship whatever in
thus submitting to the courts of the United
States a claim of this character, although it
involves a large amount of money.
We have here applications for a cession on
the part of the United States of a large tract
of land adjacent to the city of San Francisco,
which is a military reservation, the city of
San Francisco not setting up any claim of any
kind, but asking it simply as a donation for a
park. I conceive that the city of St. Louis
is not making any extraordinary demand on
Congress in requesting that her right to this
land may be tried in the courts of the United
States. It will be remembered that the United
States entered and took possession of this land
under the title of the city of Carondelet. She
came into possession, admitted her title, and
then set up a title and forced certain inhabit-
ants of Carondelet, whose names are recited
in the report, to make a deed; and the ques-
tion is whether that deed is a valid one or not,
and that is to be submitted as a pure ques-
tion of law to the courts of the United States.
I think there could be no more reasonable
request.
The amount which is involved, it seems to
me, ought not to be thrown in the scale, be-
cause if the United States has no legal right
to hold the property, no matter what the
amount of money involved, if the city of
Carondelet has the right, it seems to me Con-
gress ought not to hesitate t.0 allow the right
to be tried by the courts of the United States.
If the Senator desires time to look into this
matter I shall cortainly not object to that;
but it seems to me upon a question so simple,
a plain question of law, which is all that is
involved in the reference of it to the courts of
the United States, there ought to be no hesi-
tation on the part of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist upon the consideration of the bill
at this time, or does he let it pass over?
Mr. BLAIR. I insist upon it unless the
Senator wishes it to go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the honorable
Senator would let it go over until to-morrow,
when we can look into it.
Mr. BLAIR. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The bill will be
postponed until to-morrow.
STATCE OF ADMIRAL FAltRAGOT.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. It.
No. 117) to authorize the erection of a colossal
statue of the late Admiral Farragut, have in-
structed me to report it with amendments;
and if there is no objection—and I think there
will not be any—I ask for its present consider-
ation. I think it will give rise to no debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes to instruct
the Committees- on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives to inspect all models for a colossal
statue of the late Admiral Farragut that may
be presented to them on or before the 1st of
January, 1873, and select therefrom the one
that, in their judgment, shall be the most faith-
ful likeness, m form and feature, and the most
appropriate to commemorate the deeds and
character of the Admiral; and the Secretary
of the Navy is directed to contract with the
sculptor who shall have prepared the model so
selected for a colossal statue of the Admiral,
at a cost not exceeding $20,000, to be erected
in Farragut Square, in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, or in such other place
as he may designate.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds was
to insert after the word "therefrom," inline
eight, the words "within thirty days there-
after."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the ond of the
resolution, to add the following proviso:
Provided, Thatifnosuch model shall bo presented
on or before the time designated which the said
committee shall agi coupon as a work of art entirely
worthy as a tribute of the nation to tho naval hero
whose memory it is proposed to commemorate, they
may reject any and all so presented, and report tho
fact to their respective Houses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single
word, Mr. President. I believe it will be ac-
knowledged by all that we have been remiss
in regard to any statues for our naval heroes,
and the amendment is only designed to secure
a work that we sh'ill not be ashamed of.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments werri ordered to
be engrossed and the joint resolution to be read
a third time. The joint resolution was read thg.
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FliOM THE IlOUSIfl.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson', its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
II. No. 1330) to amend the thirty-second sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
11, 1870.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 081) to provide for the reportingand prim-
ing of thedebates in Congress; audit was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
AUSTRALIAN MAIL LINE.
Mr. COLE. I move the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 49) author-
izing the establishment ot ocean mail steam-
ship service between t'nc United States and
Australia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported an amendment, to strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert as a
substitute the following:
That the Postmaster General, by and with tho
consent of the President, is hereby authorized and
directed to contract for mail steamship servieo
between the port of San Francisco, in the United
Slates, and some port or ports, in Australia or New
Zealand, or in both countries, touching at Honolulu,
in the Sandwich Islands, or such other ports in the
Pacific ocean as may become necessary for coaling
purposes, by means of a line, to run onco in every
lour weeks, making thirteen round trips per annum,
of first-class, American-built, sea-going steamships,
of not loss than two thousand register tons burden
each, and of a character and speed saitable for mail
and passenger steamships in this service, and of
sufficient number to perform thirteen round voy-
ages per annum between said ports: Provided, That
all ships to be built hereafter, as the exigencies of
this service may require, shall correspond in all
respects to the steamships herein described, and bo
not less than two thousand live hundred tons, Gov-
ernment measurement; said service to continue for
a term of ten years, to commence from the day tho
first steamship departed from the port of San l'raii-
oiseo with the malls for Australia and New Zealand,
and shall include and consolidate the contraot now
existing for United States mail service between ban
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands.
Sec. 2. That the Postmaster General shall contract
for the aforesaid service with tho parties owning
and representing the United States, Aew zlealaild
and Australian Mail Steamship Line, at a rate ot
compensation not exceeding $500,000 tor thirteen
round voyages; and upon entering into said contract
said parties shall enter into good and silfiicieilt
security lor its faithful performance, subject to tho
approval of the Postmaster General.
Sec. 3, That uny contract which tho Postnyister
General may execute, under the authority ol this
act, shall take effect trom the 7th day of April,
1871, and shall, in addition to the usual stipulations
of oeean mail steamship contracts, provide that the
steamships accepted for the service shall be of tho
