1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385S
Mr. COGHLAN. We have just this mo-
ment decided that the gentleman from West
Virginia, [Mr. Hereford,] while he had the
floor, could not be taken off his feet for another
gentleman to move to adjourn. I appealed
from the decision of the Chair at the time that
took place, and the very question involved in
the vote just taken was the appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man fiom California is partially right.
Mr. COG LI LAN. 1 appeal to the Journal
and I think it will 4iowthat I am entirely right.
The ^FEaKKUpro tempore. The view the
Chair take? of it is this—and he is borne out
in it by the Journals before him—that when-
ever one fifth of the members present, al-
though le>s than a quoiutu be present, are
unwilling that a call of the llou^e i hall take
place, 11 is competent for that one fifth of the
members present to prevent such call so long
as they choose to proceed with dilatory motions.
The motion thar the House do now adjourn,
and that all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with, can be alternated so
long as one filth of the members present sus-
tain the call fur the yeas and nays, which may
be done as long as members can endure it.
The Chair thinks ulso that it is in order to
call the yeas and nays on excusing members.
The House has, however, overiuled the decis-
ion of the Clmir. [Cncs of Not. yetl" " Not
yet!"] Upon the question of the appeal the
yeas and nays have been ordered, and pend-
ing that call thegentleman from Vermont rUes
and moves, which is always in order, that the
House do now adjourn. Had the motion been
to proceed with excuses the Chair, in deference
to the judgment of the House, would have
been compelled to refuse to entertain any
other business than the motion of the gentle-
man from \Ve*t Virginia.
The question was tb*n taken on the motion
to adjourn, and upon a division there were—
ay *s 20, noes 48.
Befur*-the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEAPTY and Mr. PETERS called for
the yeas and nays on the motion to adjouru.
The ye?and nays were ordered.
Mr. TURNER. I to a point of order.
• 'i he SPEAKER pro tempore. Thegentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. '1URNEU. My point of order is that
the rule in Bai clay's Digest sa\s that the yeas
and nays cannot be taken twice upon the same
subject in the same day. [Great laughter.]
Wed, here is the book.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
regrets exceedingly iu be obliged, at least on
this occasion, to overrule the point ol order.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn, and theie were—yeas 37, nays 7-i,
not voting 12'.) ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Beatty, Bingham, Austin
Blair, liucivle}, Buttinton, liuich.ird, .Roderick 11.
JUuiier, Jjuiniaii, li.iuios, YViiclei i). Foster, (vurlichi,
Goodrich, iiaisey, iiawicy, ilay, (ieriy W. iiazellon,
lioai, Lowe, MeK.ee, Mciriam, Packard, Packer,
Perce. Peteis, P. tti-r, Prmdio, llainey, Eihs ii.
liobeitN William It. Itobeii.s Sawyer, Shellabarger,
John A. isninh, Xiiomus, Wo-idion, Willard, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—67,
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Aieher, Barnum, Barry,
Beck, Bigby, Bml, James 0. Blair, Biaxton, Bright,
Buidou, Benjamin F. liuiler, Campbell, Uogman,
Couuiigo. Congo , Cornier, Crobe-, Oi itcher, Cross land,
Lickey. Dox, Duke. Duunoll, Fmkeinburg, Charles
Poster, iiemy 1). Foster, iYye, Getz. Uiddmgs.
(iolhiday, lialdeman, Uainbleion, Hancock, liariU-
ley, liaiper. George E. Harris, John T. llarrib,
Hereloid, Ilibbatd, ilolman. King, Leach, M.tnson,
McClelland, McCorujiek, McGtew, Melniyre, Ben-
jamin P. Mfyera, Moore, jS lolaok. liosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Paikei, itaudall, lie.td, Kobmsoii, Sion 11.
Kogers, Roo.-evelt, Ses-ion>, yrioemaker, Slater, li.
Boaidman Samh, H. Mikou fcjpeer, T.iiiu, 'iVny,
Wusuingion Tnwnseud, Turner, Twiehell, Wallace,
Walls, Wells, WuiuUonie, Wiliiams oi Indiana. and
Youns*—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam«. Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Aveull. Barber, Bell, Bevendge, Bigg-,
Boles, Brooks, Caldwell, Uarroii, Claike. Cobb,
Coburn. Cotton, Cox,Cicely. Ciocker,X>«.rrall,I>avis,
l)awea, De Large, l)u Bose, Dueil, EiUredge. Kiliott,
Ely, Farnswortu, Parwell. Worker, U.irrett, Gritfiih,
Hale, llanks, Harmer, Havens, iiajs. John W.
liazelton, Herndon, llul. Hooper, Houghton, Jvel-
Icy. Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, killinger,
IunseHa,Liauiiva* Lamport* Lansing,.Lewis, Lyaeh,
Marshall. Mnynard, McCrary, Mellenry, MeJunkin,
McKinney, McNeely, Mereur, Merrick, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F.
Perry. Eii Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Price,
Edward Y. Rico, John M. Itioe, Ritchie, John
lingers. Rusk. Sargent, Scoficld, Seeley, fchanks,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slocum, Sloss. Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Si>rague, Siarkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Srowell, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, 6>ypher, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill. Tyuer,
Upson, Van Trump, Vauehan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walden, Warren, Wheeler. Whitoley,
Willinms of New York. John X. Wilson,Winchester,
and Wood—121).
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CONGER said: 1 move that Mr, R.
R. Butler, of Tennessee, be excused from
voting; he is sound asleep on a lounge.
[Lnnghter.]
Mr. HOAR. And on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONGER. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoau] seems disposed to
be factious about it, 1 will withdraw the motion.
[Laughter.]
The question was upon sustaining the de-
cision of the Chair against the appeal of Mr.
Cogulax, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
The call of the roll was begun by the Clerk,
when
Mr. McICEE said: As soon as the Chair
announced the result of the vote on the mo-
tion to adjourn I rose and moved that further
proceedings under the call of the House be
dispensed with.
'ihe SPEAKER pro tempore. The call of
the roll having been commenced, and a re-
sponse having been made, it is too late for
the Chair to entertain any motion.
The call of the roll was then completed;
and there were—yeas 43, nays 63, not voting
134; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Barry, Bentty.
Austin Blair, Buckley, Buthnton, Burohard. Rod-
erick it. Butler. Conger,Cropland, JDonnan,Barnes,
Fmkeluburg, Wilder B. Foster, Garfield, Goodrich,
llalsey, Hay, llibbard, Lowe. McKee, Merriam, Orr,
Packer, Perce, Peters, Fnudle. Rauiey, Ellis H.
Robeits. William It. itoboits, Roosevelt, Sawyer,
Shanks. Sheliabarsrer, ii. Boardman Smith. John
A. Smith, Thomas, Wash ington Townsend, Twichell,
Waldron, Willard, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—43,
1SAYS—Mes&rs. Bartium, Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bird,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Buidett,Benjamin
F. Butler, Coghlan. Conner, Crebs. Cntcher, Lhckey,
Dux, Duk«, JL)annoll, lieury JL>. Foster, Gorz, Gid-
diugs, Golladay, lialdeman, liainblcton. Hancock,
Hundley, Geoige E. Harris, John T.Harris, Havens,
Ilawley, Hereford, Hoar, Holaiau. King. Lewis,
M aiiMm, McGltilluu'l. McConnick, -MfGrew, ]McIn-
tyro, liunjaiiiin 1<". Meyer#, Moore, Nibinck, l'nek-
aril, Mosoa W. l'.trk. r, Ia.uic U. Parker, l'rice, Knn-
dali, lle.nl, Robinson, Sion II. llfjgorn. Sessions,
Shoeni.tkiM'. Slater. It. Milton Spcor, Terry, Turner.
Wallace, Willis, Well?, Wbittliorne, Williams of
Inilinnii, hthI Youiik—03.
NUT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Amea,
Arthur, Averiii, li.inks. Barber, Ueyeridge, liiggs,
liiiigliain, Boles, lliooks, (Juldwell, <J,imi>bell, Car-
roll. Clarke, Cobb, Uoburn, Cointntjo, Cotron. Cox.
Creely, Crocker, Darrall. Davis, Dawes, De Large,
Du Dose, Duell, Eklroclste, Elliott, Ely, Farns-
wortb, Farwel I, Korker, <Juarl'.'> Foster, Frye. Gar-
rett Gritlitb, llalc, il'iuks, lliiriiier, llariier. Hays,
Gerry W. linzeiton, John W. ll.izelton. Iierndon,
Hill, Hooper. iXoughton, Ivelley, Kulloi;%t Ken-
ilall, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lamport, Lunsins:. Leacli. Lynch, Marshall. May-
tiaril, McCrary, MeUenry. McJunkin, McKiuney,
AIcNeely, Mercur, IM'iriek, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morey, Moigan, -Moriihis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Palmer, Peek. Pendleton, Aaron F. 1'eiry, Kli
Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter, Edward Y.
llice, John At. Rice, Ilitelno, John Rosters, Rusk,
Sargent, tieolield. Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood, Sho-
ber, Slocum, Sloss, Wortliington C. Smith, Suapp,
Snyder, Xhonias J. Speei, Spraguu, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stonn, Stou^hton, Stowotl,
Strong. St. John. Sattierland, Swann, bvpher,
T.ilie, Dvvisht Townsend. Tuthill, Tynor. Upson,
Van Trump, VaugUuil, Vf>orhee&, Waddell, Wake-
inan, Walden. Warren, Wneeler, "\\ biteiey, Wil-
liams ot Now York, Jolin T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—134.
So tlie iltcisioil of the Chair was not sus-
tained.
Mr. IIOAU. I move to reconsider the vote
just takt-n.
Mr. DICKEY. And I move to lay the mo-
tion 011 ihe table.
The SPliAKKR pro tempore. The decision
of the Chair in reference to the appeal of the
gentleman from California has been overruled.
Mr. DICKEY. Is a motion to reconsider
in. order when no quorum is present?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I rise to a question of
order. My point is that all dilatory motions
are ont of order.
Mr. HEREFORD. I now call for a vote on
ray resolution, and if necessary I call for the
previous question.
Mr, PE I'EUS. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. HALDEMAN. My point of order
reaches ili.it motion. I submit that the mo-
tion to adjourn, the motion to reconsider, and
all motions of that kind are dilatory and out
of order.
Mr. "HEREFORD. I call for a vote on my
resolution, ami demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
having decided that dilatory motions might be
received, the gentleman Irom California ap-
pealed from that decision. The House has
refused to sustain the decision of the Chair.
The Chair is therefore bound to give up hi3
own opinion.
Mr. HOAU. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the decision of the Chair was over-
ruled.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts wilt wait a moment
the Chair will recognize his motion. The Chair
is bound by the judgment of the House that
dilatory motions aro not in order. But ihe
gentleman from Massachusetts moves to recon-
sider the aciion of the House upon that ques-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Is not that a
dilatory tnoiion 1
Mr. MOORE. I submit that a motion to
reconsider without a quorum present is out of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Why?
Mr. B(J ITjKU, of Massachusetts. Jlf we can
consider without a quorum, why can we not
reconsider?
Mr. MOORE. It is a rule of the House
thnt the motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Moore.]
Mr. BECK. 1 rise to a question of order:
whether the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoau] voted in the affitmative on the
motion which he has moved to reconsider.
Mr. HOAli. I voted on ihe prevailing side.
I move to reconsider, and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPEELi, of Pennsylvania. I raise the
point that the gentleman from Massachusetts
had not the floor; t hat ihe gentleman from
West Virginia [Mr. HeubfoiU)] had the floor
on his resolution.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
would refuse to recognize any oilier gentleman
than tlicgentlemaii from West Virginia lor any
purpose except to move to reconsider if the
House should refuse to reconsider, the Chair
would feel hound to recognize ihe gentleman
from West Virginia ; but a linal determination
of the question by the House Can only be
reached by its action upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. PETERS. The motion now pending,
I bel eve, is that of the gentleman from Massi-
chusetts to recoiibider. Is it not ill order now
to move to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Thegentleman
from Massachusetts moves to leeoiisider liia
vote by which the decision of the Chair was
overru led.
Mr. PE TERS. I move to adjourn.
Mr, KANDALL. I niovu that the motion
to reconsider lie laid on the table.
Mr. BURCUAHD. Is not ihe motion of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pkxkus} io
order ?
Several Members. No, no.
The SPEAKEli pro tempore. The Chair
