2958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
and district courts of the United States for
the western district of Wisconsin, at La
Crosse, shall be the third Tuesday of Septem-
ber of each year, instead of the first Monday
of December, as now provided by law. The
December term at La Crosse is abolished, and
all recognizances, indictments, writs, process,
and other proceedings, civil and criminal,
now pending in either of said courts, may be
entered, heard, and tried at the time herein
fixed for holding them ; but a term may be
held in December, 1872, for the purpose of
taking forfeitures of recognizances and dispos-
ing of any and all matters pending in the
court, civil or criminal, necessary to be dis-
posed of at the term to prevent discontinu-
ances or any loss of any rights that may have
accrued to any party or to the Government
of (hp United States. This act is not to inter-
fere with the term of the courts appointed to
be liolden at Madison, in the same district,
nor with the power now possessed by the judges
to order special terms, as now provided by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed,
james k ken an.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
141) to amend the resolution for the relief of
James Keenan, lute consul at Hong Kong,
China, approved February 18, 1807, to report
it without amendment. This requires only the
alteration of a word and limits the responsi-
bility ot the Government. I therefore ask the
Senate to consider it at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider thejoint resolution. It proposes to amend
the joint resolution approved February 18,
1867, for the relief of .James Keenan, deceased,
late consul at Hong Kong, China, by striking
out all after the words "the several balances
due him," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "on his accounts for relief of seamen."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot understand that
unless 1 see the act of 18(17.
Mr. CAMERON. I will explain it in a mo-
ment. A resolution was passed by Congress a
few years ago that allowed all this gentleman's
accounts to be settled upon a broad principle.
This strikes out all the accounts except a single
one which is for the sums of money he paid to
seamen in that country. The limitation is alto-
gether in favor of the Government, and can do
no harm to anybody. The only good it can do
anybody is to settle the account for the benefit
of the lainily.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
resolution read again.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That changes it entirely.
"Mr. CAMERON. For the benefit of the
Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act of 1867 provides
that there shall be paid to his legal represent-
atives the amount of exchange to which lie
would be entitled for loss had he drawn the
several balances due linn on the adjustment
of his accounts. Now you propose to add a
settlement of all moneys which he may have
advanced to seamen. Instead of the limita-
tion, therefore, it is an extension. I think we
ought to consider that a little.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Ver-
mont for once in his public life is wrong. It
limits it entirely to one account in place of
allowing all his accounts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over for the
present and I will look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will lie over.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said: Injus-
tice to the Senator from Pennsylvania, I de-
sire to say that from comparing his bill with
the statute I have no objection to it, and am
willing that it should pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont withdraws his objection.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Madeline Vinton Dahlgren, praying
compensation for the adoption and use in the
Navy of the United States of certain inven-
tions of her late husband, Rear Admiral Dahl-
gren, relating to ordnance, submitted g report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1059) authoiiz-
ing a settlement of the claim of the estate of
the late Rear Admiral John A. Dahlgren.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 957) supplemental to the act
of February 9, 1871, incorporating the Colum-
bian College in the District of Columbia,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred Hie bill (S. No. 1010) to extend
the works of the Georgetown Gas-Light Com-
pany, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, t,o whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 072) to increase
the capital btoek and to extend the works of
the Washington Gas Light Company, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. PATTERSON. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2187)
to confirm the action of the board of alder-
men and common council of the city of Wash-
ington, designating a depot site for the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company, and
for other purposes, have instructed me to re-
port it back without amendment, and 1 call
the attention of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] to this report. I believe
the friends of this bill are very anxious to have
some evening set apart for its consideration.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to assign
to-morrow evening for the consideration of
that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that to-morrow evening be assigned for the
consideration of this bill, and the Chair sup-
poses with the limitation that the unfinished
business at the afternoon session shall be the
unfinished business for the next day. Is that
the desire of the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr.CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I object, for the reason
that I know there are one or two Senators
who wish to be here when that bill is discussed
who cannot be here to-morrow evening.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; then I will
agree that the Senator from Massachusetts
shall fix some other early evening.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to any agreement whatever on this question.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not pretend to know
the rules as well as I ought to do, but 1 will
ask the Chair if there is not some other motion
that I can make now to bring this bill up ?
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not.
All reports of committees must, by the rules,
lie over one day for consideration except by
unanimous consent. This bill having been
reported to-day, cannot be reached before to-
morrow by any vote except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I give notice that
to-morrow I shall insist on having a time fixed
for its consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 628) authorizing terms of the United
States district court to be held at Fort Gibson,
in the Indian territory, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (S. No. 806) to fix the
time of holding the United States courts in
the districts of Arkansas; the bill (S. No.
830) to create a United States court for the
Indian teriitory ; the bill (S; No. 979) to define
the territorial limits and jurisdiction of the
United States district courts for the eastern
and western districts of Arkansas, and for
other purposes : the bill (S. No. 951) eslablisli-
lishing a United States district court in the
Indian country ; and the bill (S. No. 838) to
facilitate the trials ot' ciiminal_ causes and re-
duce expenses in the western judicial district
of Arkansas, reported adversely thereon, and
moved their indefinite postponement, the sub-
ject-matter being covered by Senate bill No.
028. reported favorably.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas and various petitions
on the subject of courts in Arkansas and the
Indian country, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1010) relating
to evidence in the Court of Claims, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired the bill (H. R. No. 1072) to fix
terms of United States district courts in the
eighth district, reported it without amendment.
Mr. NYE. Now, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up House biil No.
1030, to regulate elections in Washington and
Idaho Territories.
Mr. CORBKTT. I do not like to object to
anything that the Senator from Nevada de-
sires. As chairman of the Committee on
Territories of course it is bis duty to try to
call up this bill, but it is my duty to object
from the fact that, it will create a state of affairs
in our elections that we do not want.
The VICE PRHSIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor object ?
Mr. COUBETT, Therefore I shall have to
object
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still m order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the memorial of William H. De Groot, asked
to be discharged from its turther consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Mines
j and Mining, to whom was referred a memorial
ol the Legislature of Colorado Territory, ask-
ing the passage of an act granting titles to
iodes and veins whenever sufficient improve-
ment has been mad^, asked to be discharged
Irorn its further consideration,the subject-matter
having been disposed of by a bill already acted
on by the Senate ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
, was referred the memorial of the Legislature
ot Nevada, praying that the proceeds ot the
sales of mineral lands be set aside for the pur-
pose of fostering mining interests by the es-
tablishment of reduction works, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration:
which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature
of the Territory of Colorado, asking' certain
modifications of the bill now pending in the
United States Senate entitled "An act to pro-
mote the development of the mining resources
of the United States," asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1026) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United States ship Vicksburg,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
