1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Indians; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
trade with mexico, south america, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House of February 2, 1872,
in relation to the amount of tonnage and value
of cargoes representing the trade of the Uni-
ted States for the year 1870 with the west coast
of Mexico and Central America, west coast
of South America, the Sandwich Islands, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
pursuit op rebel general morgan.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the horses
left on the line of march taken by General
Hobson and his command while in pursuit
of the confederate General Morgan, in July,
186S; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
united states court in arkansas.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the holding of a term of the United States
district court for the western district of Ark-
ansas; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a concurrent resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
in relation to an appropriation for the erec-
tion of public buildings at the capital of the
State of Kansas ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
howland hemphill.
On motion of Mr. LAMPORT, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers relating to the claims of Howland
Hemphill.
john coltman.
On motion of Mr. ACKER, by unanimous
sonsent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of John Coltman.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Killinger for three days, and
to Mr. McKinney for ten days.
homesteads for soldiers, etc.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1665) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
Mr. SARGENT. Not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Of course that is the
understanding.
■Washington's birthday.
Mr. COBB. I renew my motion that when
the House adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Friday next, as to-morrow is Washington's
birthday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope_ not.
There are three or four items of appropriation
in the deficiency bill which we are informed
by the Departments they must have at once,
and we propose, if possible, to finish that bill
to-morrow.
The House divided; and there weie—-ayes
67, noes 63.
Mr. SARGENT demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 78, not voting
53 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell. Car-
roll, Cobb,Coghlan,Comingo,Critcher, Davis-puke,
Eldredge, Ely.Farnsworth, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Haldeman. Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Houghton, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Man-
son, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, McHenry, Mc-
Intyre, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin P.
Meyers, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers. Niblack,
Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Porter, Potter, Price,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Scofield, Seeley,
Shanks, Sherwood, Shober. Shoemaker, Slater,
Sloaum, Sloss, H.Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Snyder. Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann Sy-
plier, Taffe, Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddell, Whiteley, Whittborne, Wil-
liams of New York. Winchester, Wood, and
Young—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Barber, Barnum, Boatty,
Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buckloy, Buffinton, Burdett, Freeman
Clarke, WilliamT. Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cotton,
Crocker, Crossland, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Daell,
Dunnell Eames, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster,
Hale, Halsey, Havens, Hawley, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazeiton, Hill, Hoar. Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg,
K etc ham, Lamport, Lowe, McCormick, McCrary,
McGrew, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Moore,
Negley. Orr, Packard. Palmer. Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Eli Perry, Peters, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sheldon, Sbella-
barger, Snapp, It. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stough-
ton. Strong, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twich-
©11, Tyner, Upson, Waldon, Waldron, Wallace,
Wells, Willard. and John T. Wilson—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Barry, Bell, Austin Blair, Benjamin F.Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Creely, De
Large, Dickey, Dox, Du Bose, Elliott, Farwell,
Charles Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Griffith, John W.
Hazeiton, Killinger, Kinsella. Lansing, McKeo,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Piatt, Poland, Prindle. Randall. Roosevelt, Ses-
sions, Worthington C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stowell, St. John,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Wakeman, Walls,
Warren, Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, and Jere-
miah M. Wilson—53.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. McINTYRE said that his colleague,
Mr. Du Bose, was absent on account of indis-
position.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the House agreed
to adjourn over.
Mr. COBB. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And I wish to
make a statement in reference to the public
business. There are several large items in the
deficiency bill which will come up to-morrow,
for which appropriations must be made at once.
If we lose to-morrow the bill must go over
until Taesday. I want to call attention to the
fact that the Opposition are now in a majority
here in consequence of absence of Repub-
lican members.
Mr. STORM. I object to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the motion to
adjourn over to-morrow was agreed to.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman's party
has made to-morrow a legal holiday, and now
he is one of the first to propose to violate their
own law.
Mr. COBB. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 100, nays 88, not voting 52; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell,
Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Crebs, Critcher, Davis,
Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Farnsworth, Porker, Henry X).
Foster, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hay, llereE'oid, iieriidon, Hibbard,
Holman, Houghton, Kendall, King, Leaeli, Lewis,
Manson, Maynard, McClelland, McHenry, Mcln tyre,
McJunkin, McKinney, McNeely, Mercur, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan. Morphis, Nibiaok.
Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Pprter, Potter, Price,
Bead, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Bice, Ritr-iie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers. Scofield. Seeley.
Sherwood. Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Sfoss, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, bnyder. Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, ia&e. Xerry,
Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wadde)!, Whiteley,
Whitthornc, Williams of New York, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Barbor, Barnura, Beatty,
Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buckley. Butfinton, Burehara, Burdett,
Freeman Clarke, William T. Clarke, Coburn. Conger,
Cotton, Creely, Crocker, Crossland, Dawes. Donnan,
Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Finkelnburg, Wilder D.
Foster, Garfield, Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Havens,
Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazeiton, John W. Hazel-
ton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,Kellogg, Ketcbam,
Lamport, Lowe, Lyach, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaae C. Parker. Peek,
Pendleton, Eli Perry, Peters, Prindle Rainey, Ellis
II. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Sneldon, Sbei-
labarger, Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stough-
ton, Strong, Washington Townsend, Turner. Twich-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace,
Wells, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—-88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Ames, Averill,
Barry, Bell, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler, Carroll, Conner, Cox, Darrall, De Large, Dickey,
Dox, DuBose, Elliott, Farwell. Charles Foster, Erye,
Goodrich, George E. Harris, Kerr, Killinger, Kin-
sclla, Lamison, Lansing, Marshall, McKoe, Mitch-
ell, Morey, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland,
Randall, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sessions, Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather,
Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Voorhees, Waldron, Walls, Warren, and
Wheeler—52.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
military and post road. •
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads a bill (H. R. No. 758)
to provide for the opening of a military and
post road from the mouth of Walnut river, in
Kansas, to the mouth of the main Cashe river,
in Texas, and moved that the committee be
discharged from its furtherconsideration, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why? I hope
not.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
RETIREMENT OF NATIONAL BANK NOTES.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained an order of the House for printing the
following additional section which he pro-
posed to move as an amendment to House
bill No. 809, to provide for the retirement of
worn and mutilated national bank notes:
Sec. —. That so much of sections twenty ono and
twenty-two of the act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved Juno 3,1864, as lim-
its the_ circulation to $300,000,003, and provides for
apportioning the same in the States, the District of
Columbia, and the Territories, be, and thesame are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed an amendment to the same
bill, which I propose to offer when the oppor-
tunity is presented.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object, and
call for the regular order.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the question recurs upon the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swans,]
that the rules be suspended and the House
now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union, (Mr. Coburn in thechoir,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1323;
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1873.
