3854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
will recognize the gentleman from Maine in
one moment.
Mr. BEATTY. I demand theyeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
take a division first.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection, a division will first be taken upon
the motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 73, noes 28.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. PETERS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McKEE. i move the House adjourn,
and I want the Chair to entertain my 'motion
before the first name on the roll is called.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALDEMAN. I make the point that
that motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What point
does the gentleman make?
Mr. HALDEMAN. The point I make is
the motion to adjourn is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Why?
Mr. HALDEMAN. Because it was so
decided by the House when they overruled
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man is mistaken. The decision of the Chair
was not on that motion, but that the House
should hear the excuses of absent members
before they proceeded to order the Sergeant-at
Arms to take the absentees into custody.
That decision of the Chair was overruled by
the House. The House has not yet decided
that a motion to adjourn is not in order.
Whenever it so decides the Chair will submit
to the ruling in that regard. The question is
now on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BECK. 1 rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry, which is to know whi.t was the motioit
made by the gentleman from West Virginia,
[Mr. Hereford?]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
made by the gentleman from West Virginia
was that the Speaker should issue his warrant
to the Sergeant-at-Arms to take into custody
members absent without leave and bring them
to the bar of the House.
Mr. BECK. That is, without further dila-
tory motions as I understand it.
Mr. COGHLAN. 1 ask the Clerk to read
from the Journal precisely on what point it was
that I appealed from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the regular order,
which is the motion to adjourn.
Mr. COGHLAN. 1 ask the Journal clerk
to read from his minutes on what point I ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair. My
appeal was for a different thing than that
stated by the Chair.
Mr. McKEE. I see a great number of
members present who are on the list of ab-
sentees. The House has ordered the doors
to be closed, and i should like to know how
they get in here in violation of the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is unable to answer.
Mr. McKEE. Is it in order to move an
investigating committee? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not now.
The question recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
41, noes 60.
Mr. PE TERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and
Mr. Peters were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 71.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a quorum present.
Mr. PETERS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is quite a number
of members present who have not voted.
Mr. RANDALL. If the officers were to
wake up the members who are sleeping upon
the sofas we would have a quorum.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
desires to call the attention of the House to
the fact that he is informed by the Sergeant-
at-Arms that he has in attendance some ten
members who are unable to get into the Hall
as the doors have been ordered to be closed.
Mr. McKEE. In attendance at the bar?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They are
outside of the Hall and cannot get in, as the
doors have been ordered to be closed.
Mr. HOLMAN. If those members were
here we would have a clear quorum of the
House to do business.
Mr. PETERS. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pending
question is on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 81, not voting
119 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Beatty, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Buckley, Bullinton, Burchard, Cotton, Crossland,
Don nan, Karnes, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Good-
rich, Halsey, Hawiey, Hay, Gerry W. llazelton,
Hibbard, Hoar, Lamport, Lowe, Merriam, Morey,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Perce, Poland, Potter, Prin-
dle, Rainey Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts,
Sawyer, Sheliabarger, John A. Smith, Waldron,
Willard, Williams of New York, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Barnum, Barry,
Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Coghlan, Comingo. Con-
ner, Conner, Crebs, Critcher, Dickey, Dox, Duke,
Bunnell, Fmkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry B.
Foster, Fryo, Garrett, Gets, Giddings, Uolladay,
llaldemnn, Hambleton, Hancock, iiandley. Harper,
George E. Harris, JohnT. Harris, Havens, Here-
lord, llolmjin. King, Leach, Manson, McOielland,
llcCormiek, Mcllenry, Melntyre, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Moore, Niblack, llosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Eli Perry, Price, Randall, Read, Robin-
son, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt. Sessions, Shanks,
Shoemaker, Slater, lLBoardman Smith. Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Starkweather, Terry, Washington
Xownsend, Turner, Twichell, Wallace, Walls, Wells,
Whitt'norne, Williams of Indiana, and Young—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames
Arthur, Averill, Banks, Barber, Beveridge, Biggs,
Boles, Brooks, Caldwell, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn.Cox,
Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Dawes, De Large,
Du Bose, Duell, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth,
Farwell, Forker, Grillith, Hale, Hanks, Harmer,
Hays, John W. Hazellon, Herndon, Hill, Hoopor,
lloughton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Ket-
chani, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Lansing, Lewis,
Lynch, Marshall, Maynaid, McCraiy, McGrew,
Mc.Tunkin, MeKee, MclCinney. MeNeely, Mercur,
Mernek, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Morptiis, Leon-
ard Myers, Neglcy, Palmer, Peek, Pendleton,
Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Edward Y.
Riee, John J\l. Rice, Ritchie. John Rogers, Rusk,
Sargent, Sootield, Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood, Sho-
ber, Bloeum, Sloss, Woi thing-ton C. Smith, Snapp,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Suth-
erland, Sivann, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Tuthill. Tyner, Upson, Van Trump,
Vaughan. Voorhees. Waddell, Wakeman, Walden,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—119.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. NIBLACK. The last vote having dis-
closed the fact that there is now a quorum
present, I move that all further proceedings
under the call ot the House be dispensed
with.
Mr..HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
Before the motion to adjourn Was put, the
House had ordered the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the table an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts is correct. But the
gentlemen from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] calls
the attention of the Chair to the fact that the
vote on the motion to adjourn discloses the
presence of a quorum, and he therefore moves
that all further proceedings under the call be
dispensed with. That motion is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to suspend the
rules and pass the pending bill.
The SPEAKERjpro tempore. The question
is first oil the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I submit that the motion
to suspend the rules takes precedence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. During the
last ten days of the session a motion to sus-
pend the rules may at any time be entertained.
And the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Bol-
ivian] moves that the rules be suspended, and
that, the pending bill, being Senate bill No.
569, for the relief of Thomas B. Wallace, of
Lexington, in the State of Missouri, be passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That cannot be
done until the proceedings under the call are
dispensed with.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The motion
of the gentleman from Indiana is to suspend
all rules, including the rule which would
require proceedings under the call to be dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the judg-
ment of the Chair, the House must first decide
to dispense with further proceedings under the
call of the House before a motion to suspend
the rules can be entertained.
Mr. NIBLACK. I insist on my motion that
further proceedings under the call of the
House be dispensed with.
The question being put on Mr. Niblack's
motion, the Chair announced, on the vote by
sound, that the ayes had it.
Mr. BEATTY. I call for a division.
Several Members. Too late !
Mr. HOLMAN. I iusist on my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the pend-
ing bill be passed.
Mr. BEATTY. I asked 'for a division on
the last motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
very sorry to be obliged to say that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] was in time ;
but he was in time. The Chair did see him,
and is bound to recognize him. The gentleman
from Ohio calls for a division on the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana that further
proceedings under the call be dispensed wilh.
The question being again put on Mr. Nib-
lack's motion, there were—ayes 105, noes 16.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 insist on my motion.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the yeas and nays.
Several Members. Too late !
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-*
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] calls
for the yeas and nays on the motion to dispense
with further proceedings under the call.
Mr. GETZ. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] had the floor before the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PETERS. Do not let us have the gag
put on in that way. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was on the floor all the time, vocif-
erating for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts assert that he
was upon his feet addressing the Chair?
Mr. HOAR. I assert that I rose on my
feet, and as soou as the Chair announced the
vote I called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MOORE. If the gentleman did rise
from his seat he did not address the Chair.
Mr. HOAR. I did address the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. My motion to suspend the
rules intervened between the announcement
of the vote and the call for theyeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Did the
gentleman from Massachusetts address the
Chair?
Mr. HOAR. I did address the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The confu-
sion is such that the Chair might well not have
heard the gentleman. He is compelled to
take the statement of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered, twenty-five
members voting therefor.
Mr. McKEE, (at two o'clock and forty min-
utes a. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MOREY. I make the point of order
that that motion is aot in order.
