2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
best material of wood or iron, and upon approved
models, with all the modern improvements adapted
to sea-going steamships of the first class, and shall
be at any time subject to inspection and survey by
an experienced naval constructor, to be detailed for
that purpose, upon the request of the Postmaster
General, by the Secretary of Navy, whose report
shall bo made to the Postmaster General: Provided,
That it shall be stipulated in any contracts for carry-
ing the mails entered into under the provisions of
this act that the steamships employed in such ser-
vice shall be delivered to the United States, or their
proper officers, upon demand being made, for the
purpose ot being converted into vessels of war, the
United States being bound on their part to pay to
said company the fair full value of every such ship
or vessel at the time of delivery; said value to be
ascertained by four appraisers, to be appointed, two
by the President of the United States, and two by
said company, and, in case of disagreement among
said appraisers, the President of the United States
to select and appoint an umpire, who shall fix the
value. That the Government of the United States
shall be entitled to have transported, free of ex-
pense on each and every steamer, a mail agent, who
may also act as mail agent for such of the other
countries hereinbefore referred to as may dispatch
mails by said steamers, to tako charge of and ar-
range the inailmacter. and to whom suitable accom-
modations shall be assigned for that purpose. That
in ease of failure from any cause, acts of God and
public enemies excepted, to perform any of the
regular voyages stipulated for in the contract, a
pro rata deduction shall be made from the compen-
sation on account of such omitted voyage or voyages.
That suitable fines and penalties may bo imposed
for delays and irregularities in the performance of
the service, and that the Postmaster General shall
have the power to terminate the contract by giving
two years' notice, or upon sale or assignment to any
person or company not citizens of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This cer-
tainly opens a pretty large subject for the
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to occupy more than a few minutes ; but
I desire to say, with the permission of the
Senate, that it seems to me we ought to take
the whole subject of commerce into considera-
tion, and do what is just, liberal, and generous
to all parts of the country. This taking up
this subject 011 the Pacific ocean where we now
have one line of subsidized steamers, while
we have none at all on the Atlantic, though
foreign nations have from eighty to one hun-
dred vessels subsidized either in whole or in
part, seems to me not to be right. I think
we ought not before doing something on the
Atlantic, where we bave an extensive com-
merce, to be originating a measure for a por-
tion of the globe where we have not as yetany
trade at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will suspend. The morning hour has expired,
and the Indian appropriation bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. POMBROY. This bill was reported
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads last year. We put it off last year until
the very last of the session before we had any
action. I ask that the appropriation bill lay
aside for a few minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us see if we cannot
get a vote on this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont objects, and it will therefore require
a motion to lay the appropriation bill on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think the Sen-
ator from California wants to do that.
Mr. POMEROY. We have not begun the
appropriation bill yet. If we were in the midst
of an appropriation bill I would not ask it,
but if the Senator would let the appropriation
bill lay aside for a short, time we could get a
vote probably on this steamship bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To apologize to rny
friend for insisting upon the regular order,
it is obvious that you cannot pass this bill
■without drawing into consideration the whole
question of the maintenance and improvement
of-our commerce, the directions in which it
ought to go, and the methods by which it is
to be obtained on both the Atlantic and the
Pacific side. It is a subject of great national
importance. I do not by any means say I
shall be opposed to the bill; I do not say
whether I shall be or not, because I do not
understand it; but the idea of stopping this
appropriation bill to open this subject now in
its immature condition it appears to me is
asking too much.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Vermont objects to granting unanimous
consent to passing over the appropriation bill
informally. Therefore the bill is before the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the sense of the
Senate. I move to lay the appropriation bill
on the table with the view of proceeding with
the bill we have had under consideration.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope we may take up
the Australian bill and proceed with its con-
sideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tfce Senator
from Kansas moves to lay the Indian appro-
priation bill 011 the table. He states that he
intends to follow it with a motion to continue
the consideration of the'Australian steamship
bill, upon which motion the Senator from
Vermont demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Corbett, Gilbert, Hitchcock, Mor-
ton, Osborn, Pomeroy, llamsey, and Stewart—8.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Boreman. Clayton, Conklmg, Cooper, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Harlan, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norwood,Patterson, Pool, Robert-
son, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson,Trumbull,
Viekers, West. Wilson, Windom and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair,Brownlow, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler,
Cole, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan. Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill. Howe, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Nye, Pratt, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer. Scott, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, and Tipton—34.
So the motion was not agreed to.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 30th
ultimo, approved and signed the act (S. No.
792) in addition to an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act for the removal
of causes in certain cases from State courts,'
approved July 27, 1866,' approved March 2,
1867.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had this day approved and signed the
following acts :
An act (S. No. 320) to authorize the resto-
ration of Gilbert Morton to the naval service ;
An act (S. No. 715) relating to the capture
of the Albemarle; and
An act (S. No. 547) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at or near the town of Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, and other bridges across
said river, and to establish them as post
roads.
business of military committee.
Mr. WILSON. I desir§ to have a day set
apart for the purpose of taking up some thirty
or forty bills reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs ; and if the Senate are will-
ing I should like to have Thursday or Friday
of this week assigned for that purpose.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
name Thursday or Friday of this week, be-
cause the chairman of the Committee on
Claims designated Thursday, and finally he
consented to name a day next week on my
suggestion.
Mr. WILSON. I will say a week from next
Tuesday.
Mr. COLE. I have no control over the
business of the Senate, but I hope the Sena-
tor will not ask for a day for this purpose until
we have made some advance with the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. WILSON. Let me have two or i'n< oo
hours. I think I shall be able to get through
in that time, and then I will help the Senator
along with the appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
Indian appropriation bill the Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent that
the Senate assign Tuesday next for the con-
sideration of business reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, of course _ subject
to the unfinished business. The Chair hears
no objection, and that order will be made.
debate on appropriation bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the adoption
of the following order :
Ordered, That upon any amendment to a general
appropriation bill remarks upon the same by any
one Senator shall bo limited to five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That does not
olfot* trip tm11
Mr. POMEROY. It is only for this ses-
sion. It does not amend the rule.
Mr. BAYARD. I think it had better lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ceived, then, and lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. I will try the sense of
the Senate upon it to-morrow.
r. nelson gere.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senator from
California to delay the appropriation hill for
one moment until I can ask the consent of the
Senate to act on a House bill of a few lines,
which has come over to the Senate, has been
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
reported favorably with amendments. It is
important that it should reach the House again
as soon as possible in order that they may act
upon the amendments, if the bill is to be passed
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield for that purpose?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of R.
Nelson Gere.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with amendments, to strike out iu line three
the word "directed" and insert the word
"authorizedand in line eight, to strike out
the word "therefrom" and insert "from farther
liability under the same, this not to authorize
the payment of any percentage retained or due
upon the work already done as security for the
performance of the contract;" so that the bill
will read:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to cancel the contract entered into by K.
Nelson Gere, of the city of Syracuse. New York, in
the year 1871, for building a breakwater in the har-
bor of Oswego, in said State of Sew York, and to
release said Gere from further liability under the
same, this not to authorize the payment of any per-
centage retained or due upon tliework already done
as security for the performance of the contract.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered to
be engrossed and the bill to be read the third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
change of location of a bank.
Mr. LOGAN. I now ask the Senate to take
uj3 House bill No. 1664, changing the location
of a national bank. It will take but a moment.
Mr. COLE. Then let that be ihe last.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California gives notice that he will decline to
yield further after this bill.
Bynnanimousconsent, thcSenate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 1664) to change the location
of the First National Bank.of Seneca, Slate of
Illinois, to the city of Morris, State of Illinois.
It authorizes the First National Bank of Seneca,
now located at Senaca, La Salle county, State
