218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. op Reps.
Social Equality—Mr. McHenry.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
I would vote against a law compelling them i
to do so as a violation of their personal lib- I
erty. No doubt that in traveling they fre-
quently suffer some inconvenience; but it is
not for the law to furnish them conveniences
at the expense of other people's rights ; and it'
we are to consider the question of inconven-
ience, what shall be said of that of the white
man whom we propose to compel to do sub-
servience to the negro, and who is required to
receive him in his parlor, entertain him at his
table, and lodge him in his bed. or give up
an occupation that he has followed all his life?
Sir, it is a tyranny such as would not be im-
posed on its subjects by the most monarchical
Government on the face of the earth.
The bill also undertakes to regulate the
"benevolent institutions incorporated by na-
tional and State authority." Free Masons,
Odd Fellows, Good Templars, and many other
secret societies are benevolent institutions,
and are in most instances incorporated by
"national or State authority." Their rules,
I believe, generally require a unanimous vote
of all the members to admit new men to their
fellowship. Suppose a negro puts in his peti-
tipu to become a member of one of these socie-
ties where social equality and fraternity is the
basis of their organization, would not some
one vote against him? In my State not a white
ball would be found in the box. Then all the
members are to be indicted, and if it shall be
determined that the applicant was retused
membership on account of his color or race,
all are to suffer the severe penalties of this
bill. The individual liberty of these men is
violated, and iheir rights are taken from them
by a despotism which is as unjust as it is
iniquitous.
The asylums and alms-houses are " benevo-
lent institutions, incorporated by national or
State authority," and the poor unfortunate
whitemenand women whom age and imbecility
have rendered beneficiariesof such institutions,
can only receive these charities by submitting
to the social equality of the negro. I would
not prevent such charities from being ex-
tended to the negroes. I want provision made
for them when they become old and helpless,
but 1 would keep up a distinction between the
races even in their misery and poverty.
This is my feeling, and it is the feeling of
those whom I represent. You may call it
prejudice it' you please, but it is a prejudice
that will cling to the present generation, and
will not be yielded up by the men now living;
and all your laws, all your penalties, will not
eradicate it. A prejudice is a right which
belongs to a man as much as his love and
partiality, and you cannot control it by law,
and all your efforts in that direction only
tend to increase it. The law can only pre-
vent prejudice from interfering with the legal
rights of others; butsocial prejudice is asocial
liberty that the law has no right to disturb.
Whether it is a prejudice against the negro
or a partiality for the whites, it is based upon
a manifest and acknowledged superiority of
class and race. I certainly have no sort of
hostility to the negroes. I want them pro-
tected in all their just rights. But I do claim
for my race a superiority over th'em in intelli-
gence, morality, and in all the virtues of true
manhood, and I can never consent to have it
dragged down to their level; and it is in this
view that I speak and protest against the
great wrong and outrage this bill attempts
against the white people.
The bill doe^not stop at the alms-house or
the theater, but it goes to the school-house
and the grave-yard, and forces this equality
upon the little children at school and upon
their parents under the sod. When a man's
spirit shall have left this world his body
becomes the dust of the earth, and there is no
superiority. With him it is equality with all.
But kind hearts and loving hands will mark
his grave, not for any good to him, but to keep
alive in the memories of those living his vir-
tues, and his kindred and friends love to linger
around his grave and feel that the spot is sa-
cred, and reserve to themselves places by his
side, when one day they must join him. But
this reservation cannot be, for this law declares
that the privilege of the negro to be buried
there shall not be denied.
The rich man can educate his children in
private schools, and this law will be no great
hardship upon him ; but the poor man's child
must look to the common schools or go with-
out education, and this bill forces that child
to sit on the same seat with the negro, and to
be raised up in fellowship with. him. I believe,
sir, that in my State the people will abandon
the common-school system rather than submit
to this unjust and unconstitutional regulation
which is forced upon them by a fanaticism
which heeds neither the liberty of the people
nor the rights of the States.
This bill has not been debated. Gentlemen
on the other side do not wish to discuss it.
They well know that it cannot be defended
under the Constitution, and hence for parly
purposes they silently cast their votes for
it. All power belongs to the States, except
such as has been delegated to the Federal
Government, and there must be an authority
found in the Constitution for all that we do
here, and no advocate of this bill can point
to a single clause in that instrument which
can authorize or empower us to interfere with
the schools in the States, which are supported
not by any aid, nor maintained by any author-
ity or permission, direct or indirect, derived
from the Federal Government. We cannot
force a State to establish a system of general
education, and when she does establish it, it
is an unwarranted interference if we assume
to control or regulate it in any way.
It would not be right for a State to tax ne-
groes to educate the whites unless they had
the privilege of the schools, and in every
State where they are so taxed they have that
privilege. In my State we do not tax them
for school purposes, nor have we undertaken
to educate them, and we do not propose to be
forced to do so by despotic laws. For many
years we had no common-school system at all,
and it is only of recent date that our system
has become efficient, and after we have paid
tbe enormous taxes imposed on us for the
Federal Government, and the taxes to support
our State government and educate the white
children, it is unreasonable to ask us to tax
ourselves further to educate the negroes who
pay no tax, comparatively speaking.
By this bill when a negro is excepted and
excluded "from the full and equal enjoyment
of any accommodation, advantage, facility, or
privilege furnished by innkeepers, by com-
mon carriers, by owners of theaters," he has a
remedy not given to the white man when the
same "accommodation, advantage, facility,
and privilege" are denied him. No rem-
edy is by the bill given the white man for the
denial of these rights; but when a negro is
excepted or excluded from them he has a rem-
edy in the Federal courts, and the amount of
his damages is fixed by the law at $500; with
full eosts, and this remedy is not only against
the innkeeper and owner of the steamboat,
trustee, or commissioner, but is against any
person aiding and inciting him to deny their
rights ; and not only this civil remedy isgiven
to the negro, but the defendant is deemed to
have committed a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof is to be fined from $o00 to
$1,000, or imprisonment not less than thirty
days nor more than one year.
Sir, any member of this House, if he hap-
pens to be one of the white members, can be
kicked out of any hotel in this city or set ashore
from any steamboat on the Potomac, or ex-
cluded from the theater, and no such remedy
is given to him either by existing law or by
this bill ; and not only these remedies are
given, but the same jurisdiction and powers
are conferred, and the same duties enjoined,
upon the courts and officers of the United
States in the execution of this bill as are con-
ferred in sections three, four, five, seven, and
ten of the civil rights act, and said sections
are here again reenacted and made part of
this bill.
. By the provisions of those sections the
district attorney, marshal, and commissioner
appointed by Federal courts, the officers and
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau, and every
other officer who may be specially empowered
by the President of the United States, are
specially authorized and required at the ex-
pense of the United States to institute pro-
ceedings against all and every person who
violates the piovisious of this act, and if
they shall fail to institute and prosecute such
proceedings required by the bill, shall for
every offense forfeit and pay the sum of $500
to the party aggrieved, and also be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and fined from §1,000
to 35,000.
The district courts are to have jurisdiction
exclusive of the S'ate courts for all offenses
under this act. Penalties of $1,000 are im-
posed on marshals and deputy marshals for
failure to execute the civil rights law. Kxtra
commissioners are to be appointed, so as to
atford a speedy and convenient means for the
arrest and examination of persons charged
with a violation of this act, and said commis-
sioners are-authorized and empowered to ap-
point one or more suitable persons in each
county to execute any warrant or process, and
they may call out the posse comitatus of the
county or summon the Army and Navy of
the United States or the militia to assist them
in the performance of their duty.
It has never occurred that such extraordin-
ary remedies have been given by Congress for
the protection of any white man in his rights.
To be a negro is to belong to the favored class.
All these remedies are given against trustees,
commissioners, superintendents, teachers, and
other officers of common schools and other pub-
lic institutions of learning authorized by law,
and against trustees and officeis of cemetery
associations and benevolent institutions. No
such penalty is imposed against a trustee
or commissioner for excluding a white child
from the public schools, and the poor, decrepit
old white man or woman would look in vain
for such facilities to admit them to the alms-
house. The object of this bill is to abolish
distinctions on account of " race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude," but it in fact
makes a discrimination against the white man
on account of his color.
But, sir, the crowning infamy of this bill is
to be found in the fourth section, which disre-
gards the statutory regulations of the States
and forces the negro in the jury-box, where,
with his ignorance and prejudice, he is made
the arbiter of tbe life, liberty, aud property of
the white-man. Can any State right be more
manifest than that of regulating her own
courts and the forms of trial as between her
own citizens? The Federal Government has
no concern in it whatever; she cannot even
prescribe to a State whether it will be governed
by the common or civil law. She can only
guaranty to them a republican form of govern-
ment and provide that the Constitution of the
United States, and laws made in pursuance
thereof, shall be paramount and held sacred by
the State courts, and this she only has the right
to control through her judiciary department.
In my State the law requires the following
qualifications for jurymen:
"No person shall be a competent juryman for tuo
