1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2959
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
^MiTcASSERLY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have directed me to report back the
till (S. No. 383) extending the time for the
selection of swamp and overflowed lands in
Oregon, under an act of Congress approved
March 12, 1860. This is a short bill, and the
committee has proposed a single brief amend-
ment, the effect of which is to extend properly
the clause saving the rights of third persons.
I will state to the Senate that the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Kelly] desires to say a few words
upon this bill on Friday or Saturday of this
week in the morning hour.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Sarah S. Stafford, only daughter
and surviving heir of James Bayard Stafford,
an officer in the Navy during the revolutionary
war, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S..No. 1060) for the reliefof Sarah S. Stafford.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. E. No. 1644) to cure defective
titles in the District of Columbia, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 198) for
the relief of Warren & Moore, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE. Is it proper for me to move to
lay aside the morning business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, because
the twenty-fourth rule requires the morning
business to be progressed through to Senate
resolutions, unless by unanimous consent. Re-
ports are still in order, and several Senators
seem to have reports to make.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary of
the members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia, have instructed tne to
report it back without amendment. It is very
brief, and I ask for its passage this morning.
Mr, CAMERON. I object for the purpose
of making au appeal to the Senate. The
Senator from Nevada, who is not well to-day,
has been making a succession of appeals to
take up a bill which will occupy but a few
minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state to the Senator from Nevada that
lie can move to lay the naval appropriation bill
on the table when it is reached at one o'clock,
and take up his bill by a majority vote, but he
cannot now before one o'clock except by
unanimous consent, which is refused.
_ Mr. SPENCER. I ask that the bill I have
just reported be acted upon.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered at this
time.
army staff promotions.
Mr. AMES. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 996) to repeal so much of section six of
an act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1870, and forother purposes,"
approved March 3, 1869, as prohibits promo-
tions in the staff departments of the Army,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment, and I ask that the bill may be
now considered.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
Mr. NYE. I do not wish to object to any-
thing, but I desire to make an appeal to the
Senate. There is a bill here which I am very
anxious to have considered. If it is not
■ to-day or to-morrow it will be useless,
It is very important that it should be consid-
ered at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator objects to this bill, the Chair will under-
stand his statement as an objection to any
other request of this sort, or if he objects to
this bill it cannot be read.
Mr. NYE. I do not object.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to add the follow-
ing proyiso:
Provided, Tbat nothing herein shall authorize
new appointments to places made vacant by promo-
tions underthis act: And provided abo, Th;i t nothing
herein contained shall authorize promotions in said
departments above the grade of major.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust the Senator who
has introduced this bill, or the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, will give
some reasons to the Senate why we should pass
the bill. It is a change of the policy estab-
lished by the existing law in regard to the
multiplication of officers of the Army, if I
understand it.
Mr. AMES. This bill does not authorize
i new appointments in the staff departments,
i It only permits promotions in those aepart-
! ments to the grade of major, and the bill does
not apply to three of the eight departments
! interested. The first three named, the Adju-
tant General's department, the Inspector Gen-
. eral's department, and the pay department,
I have grades of major and above, none below,
I and therefore this bill, if it should become a
i law, will not affect those departments. It
: will affect the other five only, permitting the
I captains and first and second lieutenants, and
those officers only, to be promoted. No new
appointments are authorized by the bill.
! Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
i Senator if the bill does or does not allow the
! appointment of an assistant surgeon in place
1 of a surgeon who has been promoted from the
| ranks of assistant surgeons? It expressly
I refuses that right, does it not?
j Mr. AMES. It authorizes promotions to
j the grade of major. That will depend upon
I the grade of the assistant surgecn.
1 Mr. SAWYER. Does it allow the vacancy
: in the assistant surgeons to be filled?
j Mr. AMES. It authorizes no new appoint-
ments.
Mr. NYE. Never?
Mr. AMES. Not as they stand.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand then the
effect of this bill is to provide for the promo-
tion of a certain number of junior officers, but
that it does not increase the number of supe-
rior officers. Is that correct?
Mr. AMES. The Senator from California
is correct in that particular.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
bill reported. I did not heat' it.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. NYE. I dislike to object, but I am very
anxious to have action on the bill to ^hich I
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects, it removes this bill from the consider-
ation of the Senate.
Mr. AMES. I hope the Senator will allow
the bill to pass.
Mr. NYE. I will not object.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
; amended, and the amendment was concurred
! in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
I third reading, read the third time, and passed.
TVITIIDRAlTAIi OF PAPERS.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that the Senate con-
sider the resolution relative to the time of
meeting. ,. ...
The MICE PRESIDENT. The call is still
resting at reports of committees, pending
which the Senator from Pennsylvania asks
unanimous consent to call up the resolution
fixing eleven o'clock as the hour of meeting.
Is there objection?
Mr. SUMNER. I object to it.
Mr. SCOTT. Will not the Senator from
Massachusetts permit me to state that it is evi-
dently the desire of the Senate that this time
be fixed, either to go in effect at once or at
some stated day hereafter?
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
that we had better wait until it appears that
the business will be advanced by it.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that Caleb H.
Blood be allowed to withdraw the papers con-
nected with his claim from the files of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators have
generally asked that when a request is made
for an absolute withdrawal of papers some
reason shall be stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought to
know whether there has been any adverse
report.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I do not know. If
there is, let copies be kept.
Mr. PRATT. There has been an adverse
report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I think they ought
not to be withdrawn without copies, at any rate,
being left.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have no objection to
copies being left.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the withdrawal on the condition that copies
be left ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the practice has
been where an adverse report has been made
not to allow the papers to be withdrawn, because
it may result in their being presented a second
time and the claim being allowed afterward
without any knowledge of the former adverse
report.
Mr. FLANAGAN. That is not the inten-
tion. There is no objection to copies being
kept.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For what purpose is it
desired to withdraw them?
Mr. FLANAGAN. To present to another
Department a portion of them, as I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. After an adverse report
has been made on papers that have been pre-
sented to Congress, it seems to me they ought
not to be permitted to be withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. Our rule only extends to
preventing their withdrawal for the sake of
presenting them at another session; but any
person can withdraw his papers; there is no
rule of the body against withdrawing papers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a rule against
it, I think, or a practice at any rate, where
there has been an adverse report.
Mr. POMEROY. He cannot withdraw them
for the purpose of submitting them again, but
he can withdraw tliein. What is the ruling of
the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ruling is
that by unanimous consent the Senate can
"rant the right to withdraw even if there was
an adverse report, as the rule can be sus-
pended by unanimous consent. The trouble
in this case is that it devolves on the Secretary
the making of copies. The rule has not been
enforced heretofoie that the petitioner shall
have the copies made and left. Of course if
numbers of these orders are giauted by the
Senate, and these papers are to be copied, the
foice of the Secretary's office ought to be in-
creased. But the Chair understands there is
no objection to this proposition.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. 1 make the motion that
if the papers in this case be withdrawn the
petitioner be required to leave copies of them
on the files.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made. It is
made.
