1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
of Illinois, to change its location to the city of
Morris, county of Grundy, Illinois. When-
ever the stockholders, representing three
fourths of the capital of the bank, at a meet-
ing called for that purpose, deterraiue to make
such change, the president and cashier are to
execute a certificate under the corporal e seal
of the bank specifying such determination, and
shall cause it to be recorded in the office of
the Comptroller of the Currency, and there-
upon such change of location is to be effected,
and the operations of discount and deposit
shall be carried on in the city of Morris.
Nothing in this act is to be so construed as
in any manner to release the bank from any
liability, or affect any action or proceeding in
law, in which it may be a party or interested ;
and when this change shall have been determ-
ined upon, notice thereof, and of such change,
is to be published in at least one weekly news-
paper in each of the counties of Grundy and
La Salle, in the State of Illinois, for not less
than four successive weeks.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator from
California to yield to me to pass a bill of nine
lines, which has been read heretofore 
Mr. COLE. I think we had better take up
the appropriation bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Serfator
from California objects, and the appropriation
bill is before the Senate.
amendments to appropriation hill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK submitted sundry amend-
ments intended to be proposed by him to
the bill (H. R. No. 1192) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1878, and
for other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1192)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been requesteu to ask the Senate whether
there be objection to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs being present during the pend-
ency of this bill. He has always been pres-
ent heretofore, and has sometimes been con-
sulted in regard to the number of Indians, &c.
Several Senators. No objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. COLE. 1 suggest tnat the first read-
ing through of the bill be dispensed with,
and that we consider the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations as we progress
with the bill. Those amendments are not
very numerous; many of them are of a mere
formal character, and do not require, there-
fore, a subsequent reading of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed that would be the rule, to dispense with
the first reading; but it will now be read
through to consider the amendments of the
committee as they are reached. The Sena-
tor does not propose to dispense with the
reading of the bill entirely?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, and the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations will be acted
upon as they are reached in the reading of the
bill.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the bill as it
came to the Senate from the House involved
an appropriation of almost six million dollars
for thi3 service. The exact sum was $5,916,-
639 97. The Committee on Appropriations
of the Senate have looked the bill through
with a great deal of care, and have compared
the appropriations with the obligations of the
Government in the form of treaties and laws,
and have been able to reduce the amount in
their recommendations by the sum of ยง141,250;
so that if these amendments should be adopted,
and none others made increasing the appro-
priations, the total sum appropriated in the
bill would be $5,775,839 97.
Most of the items of appropriation are in
pursuance of treaty stipulations. Some of
those treaties have been standing for a long
time ; sotne of them are perpetual treaties;
some of them are treaties that have been made
within the last score of years; and there are a
few appropriations in pursuance of treaties
made within the last five or six years. I be-
lieve it is now the policy of the Government
to enter into no more treaty stipulations with
these Indian tribes. At all events, we see no
more such treaties presented to the Senate for
ratification. I think the country may well
congratulate itself upon this, because the obli-
gations under which we find ourselves in con-
sequence of former treaties are many of them
of a character not now to be defended. *
Oftentimes treaties exist with tribes of In-
dians who are reduced to a mere handful, who
are of as little importance as the smallest par-
cel of the inhabitants of the country that can
be imagined ; and yet they exact of the Gov-
ernment the payment of large sums annually
on account of such treaty stipulations which I
am sure the Government would not be dis-
posed to make if they were to be made for the
simple support of those Indians independent
of any treaty obligations.
There are some large items in the bill which
probably ought to be reduced. The appropri-
ations for the different branches of the Sioux
Indians amount to nearly half the total
amount involved in the bill. 'There is an ap-
propriation proposed for the Teton Sioux of
$500,000, and for other branches of Sioux in
that portion of Montana Territory amounting
to over a million and a half of dollars. These
appropriations have been made in pursuance
of a habit of Congress fallen into by reason
of the hostility of those Indians within the
last decade or a little more. The argument
in favor of these very large appropriations is
that they will have a tendency to preserve
peace with those Indians, and that if they are
not fed and clothed in such an abundant man-
ner they will make war upon the white race.
It is under this sort of threat or duress that
these appropriations are procured.
The appropriation for the Apaches, amount-
ing to nearly half a million, I suppose, from
recent developments, to be more than ought
to be made. In one place, to support, them
upon reservations, an appropriation of a quar-
ter of a million is asked. It was alleged that
the number of these Indians upon reservations
amounted to between five and six thousand
persons. I think the country is in possession
of information now to the effect that the In-
dians who may have been upon those reserva-
tions have left them and are now pursuing
a roaming life, and probably many of them
engaged in actual hostilities against the Gov-
ernment. The judgment that prevails on the
Pacific coast in reference to these Indians is
that the best treatment to administer to them
is that which the military arm of the Govern-
ment is accustomed to administer. It is
alleged that these Indians have cost the Gov-
ernment in the way of appropriations for the
Indian department and in the way of sup-
porting military forces in that part of the
country, first and last, sotne thirty or forty
million dollars ; and I am assured by those
who ought to know that the number of these
Indians now in actual hostility against the
whites is scarcely more than one thousand.
It does seem to me that the military arm of
the Government ought, to be able to suppress
so small a force as that; and very likely they
would be able to do it if they were not tram-
meled by a desire manifested in certain quar-
ters and supported by the authorities of the
Government to pacify them and to maintain
peace with them by kindly treatment, of which
they have the least possible appreciation.
These Indians are mostly in a territory pur-
chased not many years ago from the Mexi-
can republic for some ten million dollars,
called the Gadsden purchase. Some of that
country is excellent country. The portion in
which theselndiansroam, and where they have
their homes if they have homes at all, is excel-
lent country, well wooded, well watered, and
possessing a good soil. They are able to main-
tain themselves there by the chase during the
summer season, for game is plenty, and they
are in the habit of resorting to the United
States Government posts for supplies during
the winter season. Heretofore they have been
furnished liberally with supplies of clothing
and food by the Government authorities dur-
ing the most inclement season of the year.
I myself am in great doubt as to the policy
that the Government is trying t,o inaugurate
so far as this tribe of Indians is concerned.
That it works well in reference to most of the
tribes of aborigines I have no doubt; but that
it is a policy which can be adopted in refer-
ence to the Apaches, is a matter of great doubt
with me. I base my opinion upon the almost
unanimous judgment of the people of that
country and of the Pacific coast, whomlbelieve
to be better acquainted with the habits and
character of the Apache Indians than the peo-
ple on this side of the continent.
If I thought it were possible to pacify them
by kindly treatment, I should be in favor of it;
but the illustrations we have had of their dis-
position convince me that it is impossible to
win them over by gentle treatment. I remem-
ber that but a few years ago something like
fifteen hundred of them were gathered in at
some military camp in the northeastern part
of the Territory of Arizona, and were fed
there during several months of the inclement
season of the year, and probably furnished
with clothing as well. They received their
rations daily until the spring had far advanced,
when, as it is stated, and I have no doubt
truthfully, during one night they all disap-
peared like a flock of quails, and not an
Apache was to be found after that. They left
the camp during one night, and assumed an
attitude of hostility toward the Government
of the United States, which had been feeding
them, and toward the white people. I am
inclined to the opinion that a similar course
of conduct is being pursued by these Indians
this year; that instead of being able to keep
fifty-five hundred of them upon reservations,
when the pleasant season comes not five hun-
dred, and probably not five of them, will be
found receiving the bounties of the Govern-
ment; but that, they will return again next
winter, when they have spent the summer in
fighting and not in providing meat and food
for themselves, is not, unlikely.
Mr. President,, 1 need not speak of other
tribes that are provided for in this bill. I will
only add that so far as a few of the States and
Territories are concerned the appropriation
for the Indians is made in grossand not in pur-
suance of treaties. In some of the States
there are treaties made, and still appropria-
tions are made for the Indians independent
of the awards made in pursuance of trea-
tries. In the State which I have the honor
in part to represent on this floor, a Slate the
territory of which is as large in extent as all
New England, New York, Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, and Delaware combined, there is not
a tribe of Indians with which there is a treaty.
Not a single treaty applies to any Indians in
all California, although there are large num-
bers of them there. The appropriations for
the Indians in that State, however, amount
