1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
116t
The pending paragraph was as follows :
or ministers resident at Portugal, Switzerland,
Greece, Belgium, Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden
and Norway, Turkey, Ecuador, Colombia, Bolivia,
Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Hawaiian Isl-
ands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Salvador, and the
Argentine Republic, at $7,500 each, $142,500.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Brooks, of New York, to strike
out the words " Guatemala, Costa Rica, Hon-
duras, Salvador."
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] to allow me to renew
the motion which I thought I made in time last
evening when this bill was under consideration,
to transfer the mission to Russia to the first
class, with the missions to Great Britain,
> France, and Germany.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope there
will be no objection to the amendment I have
offered. We have raised the rank of two large
and important missions, and it would be a
matter of economy now to consolidate the
missions of Central America. I therefore re-
new my amendment that the appropriations
for the missions of the live republics of Central
America be struck out, and that there be one
minister resident in Nicaragua.
Let me state, also,wbat I did notknow yester-
day, and which anybody can see by reference
to the Congressional Directory, that not one
of those five republics, Guatemala, Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, Honduras, or Salvador, is repre-
sented at Washington, and none of those has
been represented at Washington for some
years, except Costa Rica.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rise to a question of
order. I understood the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] to ask unanimous
consent to go back to a previous paragraph
in the bill, and to move an amendment with
reference to the Russian mission.
Mr. BANKS. That was my request. But
I understood the Chairman to say that the
transfer of the Russian mission had been made
by consent of the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts simply asked unan-
imous consent to go back, and that unanimous
consent for that purpose was given, but not
that his amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. There has been some
misunderstanding in the matter, and the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] will be considered as still
pending.
Mr. BANKS. Then I will say, in favor of
the amendment which I have offered, and to
which I hope the House will agree—
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me set-
tle first this question, as to the missions to
Central America.
Mr. BANKS. Well, I will wait.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
support the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts in regard to the mission to
Russia, and I am willing to do it, provided
that I can see some economy carried out in
the bill with reference to these five Central
American States.
Mr. BANKS. I will withdraw any opposi-
tion to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] on the statement he has just made,
and which I have verified on examination, that
no one of these republics has a certified rep-
resentative here.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order. I
understood that the chairman asked unanimous
consent to the transfer of Russia to a higher
rank ; that unanimous consent was given ;
that the Chair announced that the transler had
been made; and that the gentle man fromNew
York [Mr. Brooks] then moved another
amendment and proceeded to address the
committee in support of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did so put
the question to the committee and so an-
nounced. But there seemed to be some mis-
understanding on the part of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi.man,] and as the an-
nouncement had been made just a moment
before, the Chair determined that the question
should be left open for the action of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want my
amendment to be made first, and I will then
cooperate with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield then to the gen-
tleman, if I do not thereby lose my place.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask for a
vote on my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] will
be again reported.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lines nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one, strike
out the words "Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica,
Honduras, and Salvador."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I propose to
leave Nicaragua, that being the position of
most importance.
The CHAIRMAN. That modification will
be made.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state, in regard to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that
this bill has been carefully made up on the
information which has come to the Committee
on Appropriations, and I think it would pro-
duce some confusion if the Committee of the
Whole disposed of these missions in the sum-
mary way suggested by the gentleman from
New York. Further, I am of opinion that in
the course of a very short time the diplomatic
and consular system will have to be revised,
and I believe that that revision will end in the
abolition of many of these offices, and the
transfer of others to points different from
those where they are now located. I think it
would lead to some confusion if in the sum-
mary way proposed by the gentleman from
New York we strike down these offices with-
out an examination, and a careful examination
as to the effect 6f his amendment, if carried.
I therefore shall much prefer that this thing
should be more deliberately considered, and
a report made to the House at the proper
time, as I have no doubt it will be, in regard
to what modifications and changes can bo
made in the consular and diplomatic system
without interfering with the puMic service. I
am not authorized by the Committee on Appro-
priations to accept the proposition submitted
by the honorable gentleman from New York,
although I do not mean to say that the modi-
fications cannot be made, and that some of
these offices may not be judiciously abated. I
do mean to say that if we undertake to dispose
of these offices in the manner proposed by the
gentleman from New York, it- may produce
confusion in our consular and diplomatic sys-
tem, and may not inure to the advantage of
the public service, as is expected by my hon-
orable friend from New York.
I would therefore, as the member of the
committee having charge of this bill, prefer
that the gentleman should adopt some other
mode to bring about the modification which
he has suggested in these offices. There may
be force in what he has stated. I believe
myself that many of these offices may be
judiciously dispensed with, but whether or
not it is prudent now to strike down all these
offices in this summary manner, proposed by
thegentleman from New York, T confess I have
very great doubt, and I therefore state to the
committee that I feel compelled to adhere to
the report presented by the Committee on
Appropriations until we have had some time to
look into the effects which the modifications
suggested by my honorable friend might have
in case we adopted the motion which he has
made to this House Therefore, sir, represent-
ing, as I believe I do, the unanimous opinion
of the Committee on Appropriations, I feel
myself bound to object to this proposition in
the way in which it has been brought before
the House until more time can be had for a
careful examination into the whole subject.
The question was put upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Brooks, of New York ; and
there were—ayes 69, noes 15; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks,
of New York, and Mr. Stevenson were
appointed.
Mr. SARGENT. I will ask the gentleman
from New York to accept a modification of his
amendment. It is that when the words which
he proposes to strike out have been stricken
out, he insert after theword " Nicaragua" the
words "also accredited to Guatemala, Costa
Rica, Honduras, and Salvador," and to reduce
the total amount of appropriation in this clause
to $112,500. The effect of that will be that
the person accredited to Nicaragua as min-
ister will also be accredited to these other
Central American States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will accept
that modification of my amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is that amendment in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is accepted by the
gentleman from New York.
The committee then divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes seventy-nine, noes not
counted.
So the amendment of Mr. Brooks, of New
York, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For minister resident at Uruguay, also accredited
to Paraguay, $11,250.
Mr. POTTER. I move to strike out that
paragraph, but before I say anything upon that
subject I desire to call attention to the fact
that there is an amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in respect to
the mission to Russia which has not yet been
acted upon.
Mr. BANKS. I will renew that motion.
Mr. POTTER. Then I will go on with my
remarks, if the Chair will allow me. The
gentleman from Massachusetts can renew his
motion after my motion is disposed of.
Mr. Chairman, of all these missions which
are useless and causeless this mission to Para-
guay and Uruguay is, I think, the most flagrant
instance. I beg the attention of the House to
what Paraguay and Uruguay are to which an
appropriation for a minister is made by this
bill. Paraguay lies some fifteen hundred miles
from the ocean, upon the Parana river. No
gentleman in this House, I venture to say, ever
was there, and, 1 presume, very few have ever
even met any traveler who had been in that
country, excepting some one who had been
sent there in a diplomatic character. With it
we have no trade ; with it we have substan-
tially no intercourse. Neither one dollar of
exports or of imports are reported as the
result of our commercial intercourse with
Paraguay in the years of 1870 and 1871. Not,
long since, as the committee will recollect, a
war took place between the allied South Amer-
ican States and Paraguay, and Paraguay was
overrun and we withdrew our minister. What
then happened? Why, Congress cut off from
the mission to the Argentine Confederation
the little republic of Uruguaj', and appointed
a minister resident to Uruguay, and annexed
to his office the duties of minister to this inac-
cessible place, fifteen hundred miles or so off
from Uruguay. And now we have a minister
accredited to the province of Uruguay, the
entire population of which is about that of tbe
city of Washington, and the entire value ol the
exports to which from the United States last
year amounted to the enormous sum of $16,558.
That is less than the expense of the embassy.
But this is not the whole of this abuse. Of
all the ministers to South America, with the
single exception of that to Brazil, this resi-
dent minister alone is, according to the previs-
ion of this bill, to receive a salary of $11,600,
