1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
States have paid in respect to this matter of
this amendment of the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my fi-iend an-
other question just on that point? I do not
intend unpleasantly to interrupt him ; but he
submits these questions to me. Does he think
that a bill which we pass through both Houses
and w'uieh must be submitted to the President,
a bill to take money out of the Treasury, if you
please, is a law until the President approves it?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or until it has been sub-
mitted to him?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, something that we
may do may be in the nature of proposal and
not a law, may it not?
Mr. THURMAN. When the Constitution
provides that what we do shall be complete in
itself without the assent of the President- that
is as much law as an ordinary act of legislation
after it has received his assent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the very point I
make.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not, going to argue
the question whether the President must ap-
pro e this bill. I do not care whether he
must approve it or not. Suppose he must
approve it, it doi-s not make it any the greater
law or any the less law. It does not touch
this question whether this amendment is ger-
mane or not. It has nothing to do with the
question whether it is germane or not, Except
that it may illustrate the fact that it is not,
germane ; but it is not decisive of it one way
or the other. Where Congress has a right to
act by itself without the action of the Presi-
dent, then what it does is just as much law
as .in ordinary act of legislation which has
received his approval.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But in the case of an
amendment of the Constitution, Congress can-
not act by itself without the assent of the
States, so that my friend would be out on liis
own argument.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Vermont
will do to go to some debating scliool and learn
logic again. When Congress has proposed an
amendment to the Constitution, it has done
all that Congress has any right to do, and
when it has exhausted its power, then the as-
sent of somebody else on the subject is not an
essential to its being a law. Suppose that we
pass an ordinary act of legislation saying that
an individual might, if he saw fit, do so and
so; suppose we pass an act of incorporation,
it is not binding upon anybody until it is ac-
cepted; and according to the argument of my
friend from Vermont, it is no law at all until
the corporators accept it. That will not do.
The fact that the States must afterward ac-
cept it does not affect the question one way or
another. So far as Congress is concerned, it
has enacted a law when it lias resolved that
the proposition shall be submitted.
1 said that the Supreme Cf*urt had decided
in regard to this matter. What is the language ?
Two of the judges made a remark; and one
was this:
"Chuse, J. Thero could surelv bo no necessity to
answer that argument. The negative of the Presi-
dent applies only to ordinary cases of legislation.
He admits that a proposition to amend the
Constitution is legislation, but not ordinary
legislation. The decision is just the other way
from the statement of the Senator from Ver-
mont. The decision is that it is legislation,
but not ordinary legislation ; and that is what
every one must see, for ordinary legislation
requites that the President shall approve the
bill, or resolution, or whatever it may be.
That is all that the Supreme Court have said
on that subject.
Now, sir, I am asked, if I am right in this
what business bus this second section in the
bill? This second section requires that those
who are to have the benefit uf this bill shall
take and subscribe an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and that the
oath shall be filed, and either the oath itself,
or some registry of it, shall be sent to the
Department of State. I am as much opposed
to that second section as anybody is opposed
to it. I think it is a blemish on this bill. I
think it ought to be stricken out, and if we
could have time to consider this bill; if it were
not that I want to take the bill and pass it before
the recess, I should vote to strike the second
section out of it, but not on the ground that
has been suggested, because what is the argu-
ment of the Senator from New York? He
says that if I am right, we must pass a bill
which simply relieves the disability : that we
can put no condition of any kind or descrip-
tion in it, but it must be a clean bill of health
for every one of the persons who were lately
in rebellion. I am rather inclined to think
that that view is not right. I admit that it is
capable of discussion, and I do not know what
is not capable of discussion.
There may be very fairly two opinions upon
it, whether or not we can pass a qualified and
conditional removal of disabilities. I think it
may be very fairly argued that we cannot; but
in analogy to tlie exercise of the pardoning
power and the interpretation that has been
given to that, I am inclined to the opinion that
we may make the removal of disabilities con-
ditional. Let its see how it is with the par-
doning power. I do not say, however, that
this is the exercise of the pardoning power.
I agree with the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] that the fourteenth amendment
does not rest on the ground of punishment at
all, but that it rests entirely on the ground of
public policy, and the removal of disabilities
rests on the same ground ; it has nothing to
do with the punishment of offenses, but was
simply adopted as a measure of political wis-
dom, and the removal of disabilities proceeds
on the same ground.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in harmony with
the decision of the Supreme Court in the Mis-
souri case?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know ; I never
read the case, and cannot say whether it is or
not. I have great respect for the decisions of
all courts until they are reversed ; whether I
have for that particular decision I cannot say,
as I never read it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state to my friend
what it was.
Mr. THUBMAN. Oh, no, I would rather
not, because I do not want a lecture on law
here. [Luughtei.]
How is it- with the pardoning power ? There
is a provision in the Constitution of the United
States and in almost every State constitution
giving to the Executive the pardoning power.
1 think it will be found in very few of these
constitutions that, there is anything but the
naked grant of power to pardon offenses.
There is usually no provision in respect to a
qualified pardon or anything of thai kind.
And yet! think it ha,s been decided just as
often as the question has been made that the
Executive may grant a qualified pardon; he
may commute the punishment under the par-
doning power. That authority has been exer-
cised again and again and again. Men who
have been sentenced to be hung have had their
sentences commuted to imprisonment for life,
to imprisonment for years, or the like. And
so, too, when Congress come to exercise this
power of the removal ot political disability,
a disability imposed for reasons of public policy
and which may be removed for the like rea-
sons, I am not prepared to gainsay that they
may require the persons who are thus to be
restored to their ability to take an oatli to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States,
that they may make that a condition-precedent,
f ant not prepared to deny that; and if I am
right in tins, there is no incongruity between
that section of the bill and the first section
which removes the disability. I will not s^y
whether that is so or not, but what has it to do
with this question of order? What has it to
do with this question of order that the bill
already contains within itself something that
is repugnant to the disability-removing part of
it? It would only show that the bill was not
well drawn. It would show nothing on this
question of order. I donotthink, however, that
in that respect the bill is obnoxious to the
criticism of the Senator from New York.
I say then, Mr. President, in conclusion,
that the Constitution itself requires that the
amendment shall be germane to the bill. I
say you will fell into this absurdity if you hold
any other rule : that if you adopt this amend-
ment and then pass the bill by less than two
thirds, but by a majority, then the bill will
have to go the President of the United States
for his signature, and, if approved by him,
you would have a part of the bill a law and
part not a law. There is no getting rid of
that. I say. therefore, that the Constitution
necessarily requires that the amendment shall
be germane to the bill. It is no answer to
this argument to say that the President must
sign the bill if it pass. If that be granted, it
does not touch the question one way or the
other. 1 say further that it is no answer to
say that when this bill passes it will be a law.
That does not touch the question one way or
the other. That only reflects on the question
whether the President must sign the bill or
not. But grant that he must sign the bill, it
does not touch the question whether the
amendment to the bill must be germane to it.
If the provision of the Constitution requires
it to be germane to the bill, then whether the
President is to sign it or whether it is to
become effective without his signature, this
amendment is not germane to the bill, audit
is out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question? The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has proposed an
amendment which has been read. The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Tiiurman] objects to it
as out of order. The Chair overrules the point
of order, and the Senator from Ohio appeals
from the decision of the Chair. The Chair is
gratified, being compelled to decide upon the
instant, that this appeal has been taken. It
brings to the judgment of the Senate a ques-
tion that is novel in its character and of im-
portance not only in a parliamentary but
constitutional view, and it should be decided
by no inferior authority. It is unnecessary to
state that the Chair has nopiideof opinion on
the subject, and only desires that the question
shall be decided according to the rules and
the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, may I bo
pardoned for addingaword ; though the elab-
orate speeches already made seem to make
anything more superfluous? What I shall say
is very simple.
I call attention, in the first place, to the fact
that we are engaged in considering what is
entitled "an act'1 from the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is not even a joint resolution,
not a concurrent resolution; but it is an act,
or, as we sometimes say while a measure is still
under discussion, certainly before it has re-
ceived the approbation of one of the Houses,
a bill. Receiving the approbation of one of the
Houses, it takes the name of "act." It is an act-
Now, I would ask you, sir, I would ask the
Senate, what there is to distinguish the pend-
ing act from any other act? It any other act
is open to amendment, why is this not open
also! Is there any reason ?
Listening to the debate 1 find that the objec-
tion is twofold:
First, that by the language of the Constitu-
tion on disabilities they may be removed by
a two-thirds vote of Congress. And it is
argued that this is not an act in the ordinary
sense of the term, to be signed by the Presi-
dent; but is that tenable? Looking at the
Constitution I find that again and again the
same provision occurs. All the powers of
Congress, as has already been stated are
