2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
to no more than is appropriated for the res-
ervation Indians in Arizona. The amount is
small, and though a portion of the Indians in
California were once half civilized by the be-
neficent instruction of the Catholic priests who
once held sway on that coast, yet their rights
and interests have been neglected, and if any
Indians in the country are entitled to the care
and protection of the Government I should
suppose it would be the Mission Indians of
California. I am sure they deserve the atten-
tion of Congress more than the hostile Apaches
who lie off a little further to the east of them.
It seems to me the policy of the Govern-
ment in taking care of the Indians has become
exceedingly liberal. The amount now appro-
priated each year, from six to seven million
dollars, is a very extravagant amount to
devote to such a purpose. It might naturally
be supposed, which I believe is the fact, too,
that ihe Indians as a race are becoming less
and less from year to year ; and yet the appro-
priations for them arc becoming larger and
larger each year, and I find in the deficiency
bill which has been presented already that
there are large sums asked for in addition to
the munificent appropriations of last year for
the Indian service. 1 am aware that the argu-
ment is often reiterated that the Indians are in
this way to be pacified, and that we save the
enormous expense that would otherwise bo
incurred by the Army ; but I am in hopes that
the time is not far distant when the Indians
will all be declared to be like other people of
the United States, citizens, and entitled to no
more protection than other people, and when
they will not need any more protection than
is required by any other class of people in the
country.
But, sir, I did not intend to detain the Sen-
ate so long. I now ask the Clerk to read the
bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was on page 4, line
eighty, to reduce the appropriation for vac-
cine matter and vaccination of Indians from
$5,000 to $3,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the chairman of
the Committee ou Appropriations will not
insist on* that amendment. After consulting
with the Department on the subject, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs thought the original
sum was not any too great.
Mr. COLE. I noticed that one of the
amendments proposed by the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to restore this amount as it
stood in the bill originally. I think the amount
proposed by the Committee on Appropriations,
$3,000, is certainly sufficient for the purpose
for which it is asked.
Mr. HARLAN. This is for medical pur-
poses—for vaccination among Indian tribes
who have no means to prevent this terrific
scourge except through the agency of the Gov-
ernment, and the Department think they will
need §5,000 for that purpose during the pres-
ent fiscal year, and they are probably better
qualified to judge of that matter than either
of these committees. At all events, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs thought it ought not
to be reduced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is on
the amendment of the Committee-on Appro-
priations.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes nine-
teen, noes not counted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 5, in the appro-
priations for the Apaches, Iviowas, and Co-
manehes, after line one hundred and seven to
strike out the following clauses ;
For pay of second blacksmith, iron, and steel, as
provided by eighth article of same treaty, $2,000.
xor first of three installments, for purchase of
seed and agricultural implements for such Indians
as shall continue to farm, (say one hundred souls.)
$2,500.
Tie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred and thirty-three, in the appropria-
tions for the Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and
Mandans, to strike out the words "insurance
and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I suggest inasmuch as these
words are stricken out all through the bill that
the Clerk need not notice them, but consider
them as stricken out in each case.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. POMEROY. Almost every year I have
tried to get "insurance" for the transportation
of Indian goods out of the Indian appropria-
tion bill, and I am very glad to notice that the
committee now propose to strike it out. Last
year the committee stuck to it with great
tenacity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
then, will consider that the Senate agree to
the striking out of those words wherever they
occur in the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to state, so that
there may be no misapprehension, that the
Committee on Indian Affairs propose an
amendment as a substitute at the close of the
bill for all these amendments that are now
being adopted.
Mr. COLE. At this point I may state that
on inquiry at the Indian department the com-
mittee were furnished with a statement to the
effect that the expenses of the Government in
obtaining insurance were much greater during
a period of years, perhaps half a dozen years,
than the amount realized by the Government
from insurance, and as a matter of economy,
therefore, it was regarded as advisable on the
part of the Government to be its own insurer
in regard to the transportation of Indian goods.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not resist these amend-
ments, but I wish to give notice that we shall
offer a substitute at the end of the bill for them.
Mr. POMEROY. A single proviso that in
case any goods are destroyed or lost, the De-
partment may have the means to supply that
deficiency, is all that the Senator from Iowa
requires. We do not need to make an appro-
priation for insurance every year, but we should
put into the hands of the Department money
enough in case any bill of goods is lost for the
Department at once to supply it. In that way
the Indian service will not be interfered with
and there will be a great amount of insurance
saved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will proceed with the reading of the bill.
_ The next amendment was on page 8, after-
line one hundred and seventy-three, in the
appropriations for the Cheyennes and Arapa-
hofcs, to strike out the following clause:
For first of three installments, for the purchase of
seed and agricultural implements for such persons
as shall continue to farm, (say one hundred souls,)
$2,500.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose there is some
reason for that, but I do not know what it is.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no objection made
to that amendment by the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. It strikes me that if we
are going to encourage agriculture among the
Indians, we had better not strike out the appro-
priations for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was on page 8, after
line one hundred and seventy-seven, to strike
out the following clause :
For pay of second blacksmith, and for iron and
steel, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. Is it in order to move an
amendment at this point?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until
the amendments of the Comm'ittee on Appro-
priations have been considered.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senate that it
would be well to have the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations first acted upon,
and then to act on those proposed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and then on other
amendments after that.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no objection to that
course.
The next amendment was on page 18, line
four hundred and eighteen, to reduce the ap-
propriation "for transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and iron and steel for
blacksmiths, for the Chippewas of Red Lake
and Pembina tribe," from $3,000 to $2,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that this amend-
ment ought not to be concurred in. The ap-
propriation for this purpose heretofore, I learn
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, ha3
been about seven thousand dollars, but on
account of the advance of railroads toward
the location of these Indians the Department
think they can get along with $3,000, and have
recommended $3,000. For what reason the
Committee on Appropriations propose to re-
duce it to $2,000 I do not know; but I think
$3,000 is as low as it can be done for.
Mr. COLE. The Senator has given the
very reason which operated upon the Commit-
tee on Appropriations in making this amend-
ment, and that is, that the construction of rail-
roads to the vicinity of these Indians made the
facilities for taking supplies there so much
greater that a smaller sum would compensate
forjt.
Mr. HARLAN. That, however, I have ob-
served, was taken into account by the Depart-
ment when they made their estimate for the
appropriation.
Mr. COLE. Where are these Indians
located? How far from any railroad lme?
Is there information on that point?
Mr. WINDOM. The reservation is about
fifteen or twenty miles from the railroad line.
Mr. HARLAN. This includes the trans-
portation from the point of purchase, which iu
some cases will be in New "York city.
Mr. COLE. The judgment of my colleague
on the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Wisdom] is good on that point, aud I should
like to have his judgment upon it.
Mr. WINDOM. I believe the amendment
was made on my suggestion in the Committee
on Appropriations. I was not aware thatvery
large appropriations had been made heretofore
for this purpose, but it occurred to me that
if $3,000 had been enough heretofore, certainly
$2,000 now, with a railroad fifteen miles from
them, would be sufficient. I may have erred
in that, judgment, but I am still inclined to
think that it ought to be sufficient.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
j tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 18, line
four hundred and twenty seven, in the ap-
propriations for the Choctaws, to reduce the
appropriation for permanent annuity for sup-
port of lig*ht-horsemen from $600 to $500.
Mr. HARLAN. In that case the treaty
says $600. I do not know whether the Com-
I mittee ou Appropriations desire to directly
' violate it or not.
_ Mr. COLE. Has the Senator the treaty by
| him? I think that was inspected by the Cora-
j mittee on Appropriations. I do not remember
so distinctly as the Senator from Iowa, but the
Senate will notice what the appropriation iq
for: "for permanent annuity for support of
light-horsemen, per thirteenth article of treaty
of October 18, 1820," A;c. The Senator may
be correct. If he has the treaty before him
he can easily prove it.
Mr. HARLAN, I have not the treaty before
me, but the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
who is in the Chamber, tells me thstt the treaty
specifically provides for the sum of $GOO.
Ihe amendment was rejected.
Ihe next amendment was on page 23, line
five hundred and forty-one, in the appropria-
tions for the Crows, to strike out the words
