220
APPENDIX TO, THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
Senate.
North Carolina SenatorsMp—Mr. Logan.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
and in contempt of the law and the Senate,
thereby making their votes nullities, and hence
the only legal and competent votes cast at said
election were the ones east for him (Abbott)
by which said votes he claims an election to
the Senate. This claim is made without
noticing the fact that he had not a majority
of the quorum voting for him ; also, without
noticing the fact that he had less than one
third of the votes in one branch of the Legis-
lature, and less than one fourth in the other
branch, he wishes to be allowed to count the
votes of Mr. Vance for the purpose of making
a quorum, and then desires you to refuse to
count them against him (Mr. Abbott) in the
election.
This point I desire to examine, as I stated,
without reference to the statute under which
the elections of Senators are held, to see
whether or not he is not mistaken so far as
the law applicable to this case in this country
is concerned. In England, under Charles
II, a statute was enacted providing that per-
sons who did not take the sacrament ac-
cording to the form of the Church of England
within twelve months preceding their election
to an office should be ineligible to hold office.
Hence all persons who failed to conform to
that statute, who were elected to office, were
held ineligible, and according to the rules laid
down by the courts of England the minority
candidate being eligible, that is to say, hav-
ing taken the sacrament within twelve months
prior to the election, and being otherwise
qualified, after formal notice of ineligibility
was given to the voters, was held to be elect-
ed, and the votes then cast, after notice, for
the majority candidate who was ineligible
were considered nullities or thrown away. I
do not wish to read the decisions, because we
agree that the current of decisions in Eng-
land are to that effect. The reasoning sus-
taining these decisions in England that strikes
me is this: the theory of the English Govern-
ment is entirely different from the theory of
our Government. The source of power is
different; the exercise of power is different.
In England the king assumes to hold his
power and crown by divine authority. All
power emanates from the king; he is the
great source of power, the great diffuser of
power; writs run in the name of the king; every-
thing is in the name of the king. The theory
of that Government is that the power is not
in the people but in the king, and there it
is doled out, as a morsel might be doled out
to an impoverished man at the door, by the
bounty of the king.
But the theory of this Government is differ-
ent. Our Government is based upon the broad
theory that the people are the source of power,
that all power emanates from them, that the
people have conceded certain rights, and those
rightsnotconceded are reserved to them. These
rights are regulated within certain provisions
of the Constitution or within certain rules
prescribed and laid down. It may be said on
the other side that the power in England was
originally from the people ; that is, that in a
state of disorganized society, and in its first
organization for mutual protection by associa-
tion together, the power came from the peo-
ple. That is true ; but when the king assumed
power and exercised it he became the source
of power without dispute, and no power is
exercised except that which emanates  from
the king, who claims by divine right.
Then, so far as concerns elections in this
country, the theory of election here is that the
people consent to the agent, they consent to
the choice that is made, and the Senate that
forces an officer upon the people as a legis-
lator without their consent violates the prin-
ciple that lies at the foundation of this Gov-
ernment—that to govern the consent of the
people shall be had.
In England, in order to bring a case within
the judicial decisions, there must have been
a notice given of the candidate's ineligibility.
That notice must be formal. It is not enough
in England that merely the man is ineligible;
the rule is laid downt that notice must be
given at the poll, a formal notice to the elect-
ors that the party being voted for is ineligi-
ble, and that if their votes are cast for him,
those votes will be nullities. Unless that no-
tice is given, the election is not void.
It goes upon the theory that the rule must
not be violated by the people, their consent
not being absolutely necessary. The people
who violate that rale are standing in obstinate
opposition to the authority in England, and
for that obstinate opposition to the authority
they are punished as though they had com-
mitted a crime. Punished how? By destroy-
ing the force of their votes; punished by
declaring that they had done a wrong, and
that their consent will not be recognized, but
that the assent of the minority shall be. In
other words, the assent of the minority is as
good as the majority under the theory they
maintain. The enforcement of this rule, de-
claring their votes a nullity, is in the nature of
a punishment for an act that is of a criminal
character. Then there must be a knowledge
of the wrong that the party intends to perpe-
trate. Wherever a man commits a crime, as
a general rule, you judge of his intention by
the acts surrounding the perpetration of the
offense, and knowledge must be brought to the
party before he can be held guilty of crime;
that is to say, he must intend to do that which
he does do, or he must intend the natural and
probable consequences of his own act in order
to be guilty of the offense. Therefore, in order
to bring the knowledge to the party notice
must have been given at the poll, so that he
knowingly threw his vote away before the
rule could be enforced against his vote.
In this country that theory will not obtain.
We act under a written Constitution and laws
regulating elections, and the only power there
is to declare a qualified elector's vote a nullity
must be by legislative action where he has not
voted in fraud. Before you can declare a
vote a nullity because he votes for a particular
person, when the language of the law only
requires him to vote for some person, (and if
he does that he complies with the law,) you
must enact a law declaring that if any man
votes in a senatorial election for a person
ineligible to office after notice of the fact his
vote shall be a nullity. You may then make
his vote void; you may say that his vote is not
to be counted, and that the minority candi-
date is elected, provided that minority candi-
date has a majority of a quorum of the Legis-
lature ; but I maintain that a man cannot be
elected Senator unless he has a majority of the
votes cast, a quorum voting, as the law. exists.
But, Mr. President, in reference to this ques-
tion of notice and in reference to the question
as to whether a minority candidate can be
elected, I must confess that there is an in-
genious distinction in the able report of the
minority of the committee which is before me.
It bears the marks of an able critic and great
ingenuity in construing the law. Its author
draws this distinction: he says that in Eng-
land the notice is brought to the notice of the
voter at the polls, but in this country it cannot
be done. Why? According to the reasoning
of Judge Strong, in the case cited in the report;
for the reason we have a large voting popula-
tion, everybody votes, and it would be im-
possible to give the notice to all, and therefore
he says this notice does not apply to a popular
election, but it must apply to an election by a
Legislature. I do not understand that theory.
If the rule in England is to apply in this coun-
try, it must apply to the elections in this coun-
try that are corresponding with the elections
in England. In England this rule applies to
popular elections. The minority report con-
cedes the fact that it does not apply to popular
elections in this country. Why? Because of
the want of the* ability to give the notice.
Now, if the rule is worth a cent, if it applies
anywhere, I insist that it does apply to popular
elections and not to an election of this charac-
ter. Let us see whether my reasoning is good
or not.
In an election by a body which is required
to have a quorum to do business, and where a
quorum is required to vote, where a man is
required to get a majority of that quorum,
what difference does it make ? If he gets the
votes of a majority ofthat quorum, he is elected
anyhow. If he does not get a majority of that
quorum he is not elected ; and that is the law.
There is a rule different from that in popular
elections, a rule different from that in England.
Let me see how it would apply to popular elec-
tions. A popular election has no quorum.
Suppose you go into a town, and a poll is
opened where there are a thousand voters.
The person receiving a majority of the votes
cast at that poll is elected—not a majority of
a quorum, for you have no quorum there, but a
majority of the votes cast. There the rule is
this: if only ten men go to the polls and vote,
those ten men elett, although there are a thou-
sand voters. If the thousand vote, then a ma-
jority of the thousand elect; but if only ten
vote, there are nine hundred and ninety not
voting. By the ten voting and the nine hun-
dred and ninety not voting, the nine hundred
and ninety acquiesce in the action of the ten,
and by their refusing to vote they give their
consent to an election by the ten. Why ? Be-
cause there is nothing requiring a certain num-
ber of votes, and therefore the candidate is
elected, although he gets but ten votes. The
non-voting is an assent to the act of those who
do vote.
The English rule is that those who vote for
ineligible candidates after notice is given ac-
quiesce in the election of the minority candi-
date. They then say that if they vote, that is
an acquiescence, because they know their votes
will be nullities, and hence they acquiesce in
the minority vote. The principle, if to apply
in this country, which I do not admit, would
with more force apply to popular elections
than to elections requiring a quorum to vote.
Mr. President, if this principle of the nul-
lity of the votes of parties voting with a knowl-
edge of the ineligibility of the candidate after
notice, is to apply in this country, let me ask
this question : why has not the Congress of the
United States acted upon this theory at some
time during the history of oar Government?
Why have not the Legislatures of the States
acte4 upon it ? And why have they not .en-
acted a law saying that all votes cast for an in-
eligible person after notice shall be nullities ?
But they have done no such thing.
There is another broad distinction between
the English law creating disabilities, and the
fourteenth amendment to our Constitution.
The law on which these decisions are based
that have been referred to in various cases in
the Congress of the United States, and by
many of the court? of the different States, has
no provision in it for the relief of the disabil-
ity. The fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States that creates the
disability here carries in itself its own remedy,
for a provision is there inserted that the Con-
gress of the United States may relieve from
this disability. Hence, while in the one case
the election would be void, in the other case
the election would bs voidable only.
Now, Mr. President, is it not strange that
we are called upon to decide not only that a
man because of ineligibility shall be refused a
seat, but that a minority candidate shall take
the seat in violation of the consent of the State,
