2960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
« BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a ttill (S.
No. 1061) to establish a southern transporta-
tion company in New Mexico and Colorado
Territories ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. panting of a bill.
On motion of Mr. RAMSKY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 1045) to quiet the
title to certain lands in Dakota Territory, intro-
duced on the 27th of April, be printed.
ELECTIONS IN IDAHO AND WASHINGTON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlie morning
hour lias expired, and the naval appropriation
bill is before the Senate. The amendments
made in Committee of the Whole have been
concuried in in the Senate, and it remains in
the Senate open to further amendment.
Mr. NYE. I move that that bill be inform-
ally laid aside for the purpose of taking up
and considering House bill No. 1030.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks that the naval appropria-
tion bill be informally passed over, subject
to a demand for the regular order, that the
Senate may consider the bill alluded to.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to give my
reasons why that bill should not be taken up.
Two or three years ago we ascertained that
fraudulent voting was being practiced between
the Territories of Idaho and Washington, and
the State of Oregon, they holding their elections
at different times from what we did in the
State of Oregon.
The VIClfi PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator lrotn Oregon, without
making any point of order upon these remarks,
which he is perfectly willing should he sub-
mitted to the Senate, that the question now
is on granting unanimous consent to consider
the bill named by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. COl>.BET l\ I wish simply to stale
briefly why I object, to taking up the bill.
The VICE PRES1D15N f. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent to state
his objections to this bill. The Chair lias no
objection himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Oregon osi^lit either to object or not.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 objected to taking up
the bill and would like to give my reasons
for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
is absolute. That removes the matter from
the consideration of the Senate; but if debate
be allowed on one side, the Senator must see
that the Senator from Nevada would have the
opportunity ot replying before the question
could be decided as to whether there was con-
sent or not.
Mr. NYE. I move now to lay the pending
appropriation bill 011 the table for the purpose
of considering House bill No. 1030.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order, and is undebatable. The Senator
from Nevada moves that the naval appropria-
tion bill be laid on the table, stating that if
that motion prevails he will move to take up
House bill No. 1030.
Mr. CORBETT. What would be the effect
of making a motion to lay that motion on the
table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
cannot be made. A motion to lay on the
table cannot be laid on the table. It is an
independent motion which must be decided
by itself. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Nevada to lay the naval
appropriation bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-four,
noes not counted.
Mr. NYE. I move now to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 1030.
Mr. CORBETT. Upon that motion I will
give my reasons why this bill should not be
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator proceeds the Chair will state that by the
eleventh rule debate on the merits is not to
be entertained on this motion ; but, as he stated
yesterday, if any point is made by a Senator
he will submit to the Senate the question what
they consider to be the merits of the bill, as
he seems to differ from some Senators on that
point.
Mr. CORBETT. Well, I will give my
reasons afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada to
take up the bill named by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate
elections in Washington and Idaho Territo-
ries. The bill provides that elections in the
Territories of Washington and Idaho for Del-
agates to the House of Representatives of the
Forty Third Congress shall be held on the
Tuesday next following the first Monday in
November, 1872, and thereafter biennially on
the Tuesday next following the first Monday
in November ; and that all elective territorial,
county, and precinct officers shall hereafter be
elected at the times herein specified, unless
otherwise provided by legislation subsequent
hereto, in either of these Territories.
Mr. CORBETT. My objection to the tak-
ing up of this bill is, first, that it does not have
the approval of the committee to whom it was
referred, the Committee on Territories, it hav-
ing been reported without recommendation.
1 was before the committee as weie the Dele-
gates from these 'Territories, and we submitted
our views upon this question. The bill passed
the House without opposition, no one being
there to represent the Republican side in the
State of Oregon to oppose the bill.
About three veais ago, ascertaining that
frauds were committed between the Terri-
tories of Idaho and Washington and the State
of Oregon, Congress passed an act compelling
these Territories to hold their elections upon
the same date with the election held in Ore-
gon. It was ascertained that, they holding
their elections at a different time from our
State, frauds were committed. We passed a
bill, when my late colleague, Senator Wil-
liams, was in the Senate, to prevent this ; and
since the passage of that law we believe to a
great extent those frauds have been prevented.
VVe believe that it is improper to change the
law from the fact that if we do it gives an
opportunity to men east of the mountains,
where there is not a Republican precinct on
the border of Oregon, to cross the hue and
vote in Oregon as formerly; and our people
there object to the change of this law. If it
was necessary three years ago to pass this law,
it is certainly necessary at this time, to prevent
any change m it when it has proved effective
thus far. 1 hope that the Senate will not re-
peal a law that has been enacted after due con-
sideration and thorough examination, when it
is evidently as necessary to retain the law now
as it was to pass it originally.
I should like very much, if I could con-
sistently, to accommodate the Delegates from
Idaho and Washington who desire this change
simply for the purpose I believe of canvassing
those Territories; but at the same time we
must consider that the purity of elections in
Oregon is a matter of importance. A Repre-
sentative to Congress is there to be elected on
the first Monday in June. As I understand,
our convention has been held and the election
is to take place. Both parties have entered the
field and are canvassing the State. The con-
vention in Washington Territory has also been
held; the Delegate has been nominated, and
he desires to canvass that Territory. He has
time now to go and make the canvass of the
Territory ; and changing this time of«election
will only throw us back and enable those peo-
ple who have committed these frauds hereto-
fore to commit them again on the border of
our State. 'This I desire to prevent. We
desire nothing but an honest election in our
State. If it is wrong to compel them to holcf
their election at the same time with ours, so
that we may have an honest election, then it
is proper to repeal this law. But if we desireT
an honest election, there is no reason why they
should not hold their election at the same time
that the State of Oregon -holds her election;
and for that reason I hope the law will not be
changed or repealed.
I think I have stated the case fairly. The
Senator from Nevada of course feels it is his
duty to call up this bill, being the chairman of
the Committee on Territories. I presume that
he has no interest in the bill, and therefore
cannot be actuated by any motives to do us
injustice in Oregon. 1 hope that the bill will
not be passed.
Mr. KELLY. I had not intended to say
anything orbutlittie on this bill; but as his
alleged that frauds have taken place at the
elections in Oregon by importing voters from
these Territories, I will say that I differ with
my colleague in that respect; and as the best
evidence of it 1 will mention that four years
ago the State was entirely Republican; then
we voted upon a different day from these
'Territories ; but ever since the passage of the
bill fixing their election on the same day
as ours Oregon has been a Democratic State.
So, I think, if frauds were committed, they
were committed by the friends of my colleague.
I will not charge it, however. I will simply
say that so far as the Territory of Idaho is
concerned the nearest polling place in Oregon
to that Territory where votes are cast is one
hundred miles, except a single precinct, known
as Jordan Valley precinct, which is some
fifteen or sixteen miles from the Idaho line
and casts perhaps a dozen votes, not more.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to correct
my colleague. I believe previous to the past
sage of this law the Democrats carried the
State by twelve hundred and fifty votes, and
after its passage the Democrats carried the
State by about three hundred and fifty to four
hundred votes at the last election. So it is
evident that the Democratic majority was very
much reduced after the passage of this law—
about eight hundred votes.
Mr. KELLY. It was somewhat reduced
for member of Congress ; but so far as the Gov-
ernor was concerned, in 1866 the Democratic
candidate came within four hundred and sixty-
three votes of being elected, but he was de-
feated and the whole ticket was defeated. At
the next election two years afterward, in 1868,
the Democracy triumphed. In 1870 they car-
ried the State; our candidate for Congress had
a less majority than at the preceding election,
but our candidate for Governor had some six
hundred majority.
I repeat that there is not a voting place in
Oregon nearer than one hundred miles to the
Idaho line except a single precinct that casts
about a dozen or fifteen votes, so that there
is no likelihood of fraud being committed
there where they know every voter.
Again, I will suggest that if the object of
this bill be to facilitate fraud, as seems to be
insinuated, why fix it for the presidential elec-
tion, when every voter will be required^ at
home in Oregon? If this will keep away im-
ported voters from the State of Oregan at the
presidential election, then we ought to carry
the State by a greater majority than we would
carry it in June, because it will keep away
voters in Washington Territory that would
come to Oregon at the time the presidential
election is held and vote there. If this bill
be passed it will keep them there, it will keep
fraudulent votes out of Oregon.
Mr. NYE. It is proper, perhaps, that I
should state the exact facts in relation to this
bill. Prior to 1859 the elections in both these
Territories were held in the fall of the year.
