3856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not see how less than a quorum can sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. McllENRY. How do we know there
is no quorum present until it is ascertained by
Si vote?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
is already advised t hat there is not now present
a majority of members.
Mr. MOORE. Then I renew my motion
for a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The only
business which the House is competent to en-
tertain in its present state, as disclosed by the
last vote, is either to proceed to a call of the
House or to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] for
a call of ihe House agreed to ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is still
pending. The Chair was about to put the
question when the gentlemau from Kentucky
otiVred his resolution.
Mr. BEA LTY. 1 call for the yeasand nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Moore.]
Mr. MclNTYRE. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I want to know whether it would he
in order to move a resolution that 
TheSPEAKEP.protfe/tfpore. Nothing is in
order until the pending question on ordering
the yeas and nays has been decided.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 rise to make this in-
quiiy; if the Bouse should now adjourn, would
not this bill come up on the reassembling of
the House iit eleven o'clock a. m.? The pre-
vious question having been seconded, would not
the bill he the firsst ihing in order after the
reading of the Journal Y
The bi'EAlvElt pro tempore. The Chair
would make answer to the gentleman from
Onio [Mr. Bingham] ihat it would be so ex-
cept that conference reports and any other
mailers of especial high piivilege would be
entitled to precedence.
Mr. BINGHAM. That I understand.
The question being taken on ordering the
yeas and nays, there were—ayes 21, noes 83.
So (one huh having voted in favor thereof)
the jeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the athnnaiive—yeas 73, nays 30, not vot
ing 131j as follows:
YEAS—Aekor, Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Bigby. Bingham. Bird. James G. Blair. Braxton,
Bngnt, Buidet'. Campbell, Csirioil, Coghlan. Co-
ining", Conger. Connei, Crebs, Cntcher,Dickey.Dux,
Btfke, Bunnell, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster.
Garrett.Geu, Guiding*.Golladay, llaldemau, llam-
hlcton, Hancock, llandlcy, Hunks, Harper, George
13, Havens, Hereford, Hibburd, llolmuu,
King, Lannson, Matison, McClelland. McCornnek,
Mctfrew, Mcllemy, Meirtyre, Benjamin F. Meyers,
•Moon*, jNiblaok, llosea W. Paiker, Isaac C. Parker,
Eli Peny, Potter, Price, Raudnll, Read, Hobniaon,
fc*on 11. Roger?., Roosevelt. Sessions. Slater, 11.
Boardman Smith, R Milton Speoi, Tuffe, Washing-
ton Townsend, Turnei, Twiclicll, Wallace, Wells,
Whuthoi ne, and Wulnnns ot New York —73.
jSAYS--Messrs.Beait>, Buckley, Buffinton, Co-
bum, Cotton, Crossland, Don nan, Fmkelnburg,
Wilder D. Foster, Gai ticld, Goodrich, llalsey, Haw-
ley, Hay, Gerry W. llazeUon, Uoar. Lowe, McCrary,
McKee. Memam, Orr, Packard, Packer, Perce,
Peters, ltainey, Ellis II Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer,
Shoemaker. John A. Smith. Starkweather. Thomas,
Waldron, Willard, and Williams of Indiana—36.
AOT VOIUjNG—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, AveiiH, Banks, Barber, Barry, Bell, Bev-
eridge, Biggs, Austin Blair, Boles. Brooks, Bur-
cbaid, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick 11. Bufier,
Caldwell, Cuuke, Cobb, C«>.\, Creely, Crocker. Bur-
rail, Davis, Dawes, De Larg*\ Du Bose, Dueii,
Eamea, Eldredge, Elliot r, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Furker, Fiye. Grithth. Hale, Harmer, John T. liar-
rid, Hays, John W. HazHton, iL-rndon, Hill,
llooper, Houghton, KeUey, Kellogg, Kendall.Iveir,
lvetcham, Kilhnger, Ivinsella, Lamport, Lansing.
jLeaen, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, Mayuard, AlcJun-
kiri, Mckumey, McNeely, Mcrcur, Merrick. Mitch-
ell, Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonaid
Myeis, Negley, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F.
Peny, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Pnndie, Ldward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wiitia.ui R. Roberts,
John Rogers, Sargent, Scoheld, Seeley, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabaiger, Suenvood, bhober, Slocuui]
felons, WoiWiiuKton C. Smuh, bnapp, fcnyuer,
'Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stev«u&on,
Storm, Stoughtou, Sioweil, Strung, St. JoUa, iJuvk-
erland. Swann, Sypher. Terry, Dwight Townsend.
Tuthill, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vauehan,
Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Walls,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley. Jeremiah M. Wilson,
John T.Wilson, Winchester. Wood, and Young—131.
So the House ordered that there should be
a call of the House.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I move, by unanimous
consent,, that the reading of the name3 be dis-
pensed with.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the Sergeant at-
Arms now take into custody the members
absent, wiihout leave, and bring them before the
bar of ihe House forthwith ; and on that motion
I demand the nrevio'is question.
The SPEAKKlt pro tempore. The Chair
desires to call the attention of the House to the
fact there has not yet been a call of the House,
but, the House has merely voted that there
shall be a call.
Mr. WILLARD. And I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BIRD. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HALDEMAN. 1 rise toapoimof oider
on that, motion, that it is not in order.
Mr. CONGER. 1 make the point of order
that no quorum of the House bt-iitg present,
it is not in order to adjourn over until Monday
next. No quorum being present, it is not in
order for the Chair to entertain a motion to
adjourn until Monday. Nothing is in order
except, the absolute motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man is right,; it is not in order for less than a
quorum to do business, and while the Chair
entertains the motion to adjourn, he cannot
entertain the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. MOORE. My moiiori is still pending.
Now the House lias ordered that there be a
call of the House, and the call of the House
necessarily follows immediately on that order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nod unless
the House bhuuld see lit,, lor it is competent
for the House to adjourn. The question first
recurs on the moiiou of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] to adjourn.
Mr. SPLiER, of Pennsylvania. Is the mo-
tion to ndjourn in order until the House ha^
fulfilled ilie order that there shall be a cull of
ihe House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
lias not yet hud a call of Uie House, Imt has
merely ordered lhat there shall be a call, but
whether there is a call or not it is competent
for the House to adjourn.
Mr. SWANN. What becomes of the motion
to adjourn over?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has ruled that, out ot order.
Mr. MOORE. The House has decided
there shall be a call of the House, and they
have ordered there shall be a call now, and
i make the point there is no dilatory motion
whi;h can prevent lhat call taking place.
The SPEAKER pro tempore Of course
not, unless the House should see fit to adjourn
and put the call over to another day or take
some oilier action.
Mr MOORE. The House ordered there be
a call of the House by yea and nay vote, and
that, order is fir.-t to be complied with.
The SPEAKER^u-o tempore. The Ilonse,
to be sure, has acted on the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, lhat theie be a call
of the House, but pending that, and before the
call of ihe House has bfgun, the gentleman
trom Vermont has moved to adjourn, as he
clearly had a right to do.
Mr. HALDEMAN. My point is that the
call of the House cannot be interrupted.
The SPEAKISlipro tempore. The call of the
House is not interrupted, for it has not yet
begun.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
make an inquiry of the Chair. Did the gen*
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willard.] who
makes the motion to adjourn, vote on the last
division which indicated that there was not a
quorum present?
The SPKA KER pro tempore. The Chair does
not know whether the gentleman from Ver-
mont voted on that division, and it is not
material. The gentlemnn from Vermont has
a right to make his motion.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 30, noes 66.
Mr. wlLLAIlD demanded tellers.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty-
five.
So (one fifth of a quorum having voted in
the affirmative) tellers were ordered ; and tho
Chair appointed Mr. Willard, and Mr. SrEEit
of Pennsylvania.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 58.
Mr. WILLAiiD demanded the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeasand nays there were—
ayes twenty-seven.
So (more than one fifth of those present
having voted in the affirmative) the yeasand
nays were ordered. ^
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 74, not voting
128 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Banks, Beatty,Bingham, Buckley,
Buthuion, Cotton,Crossland, Donttan, Kinkelnburg,
Wndcr 1>. Foster, G.irfield, Goodrich, llalsey. liaw-
ley, 11 ay, Gerry W. llazelton, Lamport, Lowe, Me-
Crary, Merriam, Morey, Orr, Pucker, Perce, Peters,
Poland. Potter, ltainey, Ellis U. KoOerts, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Sawyer, Smipp, Starkweather, Thomas, Wal-
dron, Willard, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—08.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer. Barnum. Beck,
Bell, Bttfby, Bud, James G. Blair, Biaxtou, Blight,
Campbell, Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Coramgo, Con-
ger, Conner, Cicbs, Ci licher, l)-irmII, Dickey. Box,
Duke, Bunnell. Chailes Foster, Henry B. Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Giddings,Golladay, llaldeman, llam-
bleton, llancoek, llandiey, Hanks, Harper, George
E. Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Uibb.ird, Hoar,
Holinan, King, Lami^on, McClelland, McCoruiick,
McGrew, MeHenry, Melntyie, McKee, Moore, $ib-
laek, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Eii Peny,
Price, Randall, Read, Robinson, Sitm 11. Rogers,
Sessions. Shoemaker, ll.Boarduian Smith, R. Milton
Speer, Swann, Taffe. Teny, Washington Towu&end,
Tumor, Wallace, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of.
New York, and Young—74.
.NOT VOTiNG—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Ames,
Arthur. Averill, Barber, Bany, Beveiidge, Biggs,
Be Large, Bu Bosc,Bucll, Earned, Eldredge, Elliott,
Elj'; Farnsworth, F«irwell, Forker, Frye, Griffith,
Hale, llarmer, Hays, John W. llazelton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hill, Hooper, Houghton, lvelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kerr, Keteham, Ku inger, Kinseilu, Lans-
ing, Lench, Lewis, Lynch, Mauton, Mars-hall, iday-
nard, McJunkin. McKmney, McNeely, Mercur,
Meriiek, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan, Morphia-, Leonard Myers*, Negley, Packard,
Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Anron F. Perry, Piatt,
Porter, Prindie, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, John llojrers, Sargent,
Scofield, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Sheilabarger,
Sheiwood, Shober. Slater, Slocum, Sloss, John A.
Smith, Woithmgton C. Smith, Suyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague. Stevens Stevenson, Storm, StougU-
ton, Scowell, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,Sj pher,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Vaughun, Voorhees, WaUdeil, Wake-
man, Walden, Walls, Warren, Wheeler. Whiteley,
Williams of Indiana, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—128.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A call of the
House having been ordered, the Clerk will
proceed to call the roll.
Mr. (jAlii1 IhiLD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent to make a suggestion to the
House. I desire to suggest to all parties that
all have had a record on the ay and no vo e
on tins bill. The member who is opposed to
the bill and was present has voted against, it.
Every member who is in favor of ihe bill and
was present has voted in favor of it. I sug-
gest that by unanimous consent further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with, and
then that the bill be acted on by a rising vote,
on the assumption that a quorum id present.
Several Members. That will do.
