18?2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
221
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan.
Senate.
in violation of the will of the majority of the
voters authorized to vote in the State for that
office—a candidate who had but eleven votes
out of forty-eight in one branch of that Legis-
lature? Why, sir, it would be no more prepos-
terous if Mr. Abbott were to come here to-day
with his evidence before the Senate and say,
"I received one vote in the senate of North
Carolina and one vote in the house of repre-
sentatives of that Legislature, one vote in either
branch, but my opponent was ineligible , to
hold the office, and therefoae I am elected by
one vote." What man is there who would
have the face to do that in the light of repub-
lican institutions? But you must see that the
principle is just the same, and if you seat Mr.
Abbott now on this theory, you may seat a man
on one vote as well as seat a man on one
hundred votes. That certainly would be a new
precedent; it certainly would be different from
what Congress has done heretofore. But I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to one effect
of this doctrine, that is if established. It will
be the overturning of all precedents of a legis-
lative character and the reversal of judicial
opinions of this country on this point.
i suppose we are to follow the judicial and
legislative decisions of this country. It is our
duty to reconcile them if they are reconcilable,
and to decide according to that reconciliation,
if we can do so as judges. 1 call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that in all the
cases, and I will cite numbers of them before
i am through, which have been decided in the
Senate and House of Representatives, no man
ever yet sustained the point that he was elected
without a majority vote. And I state further
that out of the many cases decided in the
House of Representatives, that House from its
first organization down to the present day has
never given a man a seat on this theory, that
the majority man being ineligible the minority
man was elected.
Bat the honorable Senators on the other
side will say that the Senate must not be gov-
erned by the House decisions. That is true.
The Senate by the Constitution is made the
judge itself of the election and qualification of
its members. So is the House of its members.
But must the Senate be governed by the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court ? The judges of that
court are not members of this body; but I pre-
sume the Senate would at least take their opin-
ions, so far as judging of the law is concerned,
to be worth something. It will not do for us
to say that all the legal knowledge of this coun-
try is in the Senate, because, allow me to say,
in the House of Representatives there have
been very good lawyers and are yet, aud_ many
are there to-day that would adorn well this Sen-
ate Chamber, who have decided contrary to the
minority report in this case.
I call the attention of the Senate to one of
the first legislative decisions in this country, a
ease decided in 1793, the case of Albert Gal-
latin, of Pennsylvania, who was elected to the
United States Senate by the Legislature of
that State. He was nota citizen of the United
States, had never been naturalized at the time
of receiving his election. In a caucus he stated
the fact. It is a very long statement, and
rather than read it I will state it concisely.
Mr. Gallatin stated first that he was not
eligible to a seat in^he Senate of the United
States, because of the fact that he had not been
a citizen long enough. Afterward, however,
becoming a little more anxious to become a
Senator, I presume, than he was when theques-
t.ion was first put to him (for when first put he
said he was not eligible and they must elect
somebody else) he came to the conclusion that
he was eligible, and so said. He was elected.
A portion of the Legislature of Pennsylvania
came as a committee to the United States Sen-
ate and presented a petition, asking that the
case of Albert Gallatin be considered, to see
whether or not he was eligible to a seat in the
Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to call his attention to one fact in the case,
as we may get at the real matter in issue
between us quicker in that way ? In the case
of Gallatin he thought at first he was not
qualified, .because he thought the Constitution
of the United States required him to have
been nine years a citizen of Pennsylvania,
which he had not been ; but when he discov-
ered the next day that it was only necessary
that he should have been a citizen of the
United States nine years, then he thought
he was qualified, and the whole Legislature
thought so, too.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; it was only a
change of opinion. I am merely stating the
fact as it did exist, no matter what he thought.
He first stated that he was not eligible 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Lest it might be sup-
posed that we were giving consent to the state-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin, I beg
leave to say that I do not understand that case
as he does. The question in regard to Mr.
Gallatin was whether he had become a citizen
of one of the original States before the form-
ation of the Federal Constitution. If he had,
then by force of that citizenship he became a
citizeu of the United States. He thought at
first that he had not, but he afterward came
to the conclusion that he had become a citizen
of the State of Virginia before the adoption
of the Federal Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to inter-
rupt my friend from Ohio a moment. He
is certainly mistaken on that point. I know
know nothing about Gallatin's case except the
report of it; but i know just what that says.
Mr. Gallatin thought that the Constitution
provided that he should have been nine years
a citizen of the State of Pennsylvania, from
which he was elected to the Senate, but sub-
sequently discovering that nine years' citizen-
ship in the United States, although in other
States, was sufficient, he then thought he was
eligible, because he thought he had been a cit-
izen more than nine years, and the whole
report shows that he and everybody else pro-
ceeded upon the belief that he had been over
nine years a citizen.
Mr. LOGAN. The best way to settle it is
to read the case. The report states the case.
1 read from the testimony accompanying it:
"Mr. John Breakhill, being duly sworn, testifies:
that, last winter, being a member of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania, previous to the election of Senator
for the State of Pennsylvania, I heard Mr Gallatin
say his citizenship would not admit his being aSen-
ator. What were his reasons for making the decla-
ration, I cannot say; I took it he did not wish to
be elccted. This declaration by Mr. Gallatin was
made at a meeting of a number of members of the
Pennsylvania Legislature, held for the purpose of
agreeing who should be set up as a candidate. The
deponent further says that he does not recollect Mr.
Gallatin's assigning any other reasons for his back-
wardness to serve as a Senator than the want of
citizenship."
There is the fact. It makes no difference
upon what hypothesis he based his opinion ;
he said he was not a citizen, but afterward the
evidence goes on to show that he said that he
had come to the conclusion after examining
the question that he was qualified, and they
did elect him. He came to the Senate. A
petition was brought before the Senate from a
portion of the members of the Legislature to
have the seat contested. It was decided upon
this very point as to whether he was eligible
to hold the office, not having been a citizen
of the United States the number of years
required by the Constitution. It turned out
in the case that Mr. Gallatin had never been
naturalized ; that he was a foreigner; that he
had moved to Virginia and had lived there
about one year; that he had undertaken to be
naturalized in the State of Virginia to the
State. But the laws of Virginia required a
residence of two years before a man could take
out naturalization papers to that State. He
not having resided there over one year could
not be naturalized. That was the only attempt
that he had ever made. These facts all ap-
peared, and the case was discussed for several
days,- and, a thing that has never occurred
since, according to my reading, the attorneys,
for the parties were permitted to come upon
the floor of the Senate to make their argument
here for and against the claims of Mr. Gallatin
to a seat in the Senate.
After deliberation, the committee made &
report against Mr. Gallatin's eligibility. That
resolution was adopted by a vote of the Senate.
The Senate then adopted the following resolu-
tion :
"Resolved, That an attested copy of the resolution
of the Senate declaring the election of Albert Gal-
latin to be void be transmitted by the Senate to the
Executive of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania."
For what purpose? For a new election, to
elect some man who was eligible to a seat in
the Senate. No man then rose in the Senate
of the United States and said, " Where is the
minority candidate ? this man is not eligible,
and the minority man is entitled to the seat."
No Senator made any such claim as that. No
opponent of Mr. Gallatin's made any such
claim; but the Senate sent the case back to
the Governor of Pennsylvania, for the purpose
of having a new election ordered. When we
consider that this case occurred in 1793, vhen
many of those English decisions were fresh in
the minds of the people, they having not long
emerged from the authority of the laws of
England, it does seem to me if there was any
intention of construing the laws governing our
elections according to the rule laid down in
England, where the power is different and the
elective franchise different, they would have
made the point then, and then have established
the precedent; but they did not.
There is another point to which I desire to
call the attention of the Senate. There would
be a great difference if the question was here
whether Mr. Vance should or should not take
his seat, in comparing it with the ease of Mr.
Gallatin. In the case of Mr. Gallatin, he
could not have had his disabilities removed at
all. His election was absolutely void, not
voidable, because there was no power to put'
him in a position where he could obtain a seat
in the Senate. No legislative action could do
it. The election was void. The case of Vance
would be quite different. Here the power is
given in the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution to relieve him from his disability.
Let me call the attention of the Senate to
another case of more recent date, decided in
the Senate of the United States. Mr. Shields,
of Illinois, was elected by the Legislature of
that State to the Senate. The case came be-
fore the Senate on the 13th of March, 1849.
Mr. Shields was an alien by birth, and had not
. been a citizen of the United States for the
term of years required prior to his election as
Senator. Hence, the election was declared to
be void. The following is the report in that
case:
" On March 13,1849, Mr. Mason, of a select com-
mittee, made the subjoined report in the case oi
Mr. Shelds, of Illinois. The Secretary read the
report and resolution, as follows:
" The seleot committee, to whom was referred the
certificate of the election of Hon. James Shields to
a seat in this body, with instructions to inquire into
the eligibility of the said James Shields to a seat,
reP^*at jjftVing given due notice to the said Jamea
Shields he appeared before them, and they took
thesubjeet into consideration.
" Xbey further report that the said certificate ot
election declares that the said James Shields was
ohosen a Senator of the United States by the Legis-
lature of the State of Illinois on the 13th day ot
January last; that it further appears, and is admit-
ted by the said James Shields, that he is an alien
