1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
to the principles of the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts; it is not because I will
not go as far as he or any other Senator will
go in behalf of the equal rights of our colored
citizens, that I shall vote against him on this
measure; but it is because I wish to secure
the passage of a bill which I believe the inter-
ests of the white and colored races alike
demand, and at the earliest possible moment.
Whenever he may bring in this bill as an in-
dependent measure or as an appendage to any
bill which can, like that bill itself, be passed
by a mere majority of both Houses of Con-
gress, then I stand ready to vote with him.
But I think that it is vain to attempt to foist
the amendment of (he Senator from Massachu-
setts upon this bill. We shall by that means
defeat both his own measure and the measure
of the committee. I therefore do not admit
that that Senator is correct when he says that
every friend of amnesty, every one who desires
to be generous in order to be just, must act
to-day exactly as the Senator desires that we
should act on his bill.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt my friend
there ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The amnesty bill, as he has
already said, can be passed only by a two-thirds
vote: Now, why should not everyone in favor
of amnesty vote for my amendment? And then
there are some Senators, doubtless, who will
vote in favor of my amendment who are not
in favor of amnesty. I do not see why my
amendment ought not to carry a much larger
vote than the proposition of amnesty, because
every man really in favor of amnesty ought to
be in favor of my amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, every man
ought to be in favor of all good things, but the
Senator from Massachusetts, as well as anybody,
knows that every man is not in favor of all
good things; and especially does he know that
every Senator is not in favor of ail the good
things which that Senator proposes, and that
Senator is very well aware that there is a great
difference of opinion as to what good things
are. We are not so constituted as to agree as
to what the absolutely good and the absolutely
true is. I believe with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that as long as the Constitution
stands as it does now, every citizen of the
country should stand upon an equal plane with
every other; that to every citizen of the coun-
try the same rights and privileges should belong
as to every other; and, as I said before, I will
go with that Senator whenever it is practicable
to accomplish that result; but I feel, and I
believe that that Senator feels, that it is impos-
sible for this bill to pass in any reasonable
time if this amendment be tacked to it. I
therefore shall be bound to oppose the amend-
ment. I oppose it because it is impracticable
to pass the bill with it, and not from any hos-
tility to the measure itself.
I had desired to say something in reference
to the general subject of the relief of disabili-
ties. The clock, however, admonishes me that
the time for our voting on this question ap-
proaches. I shall therefore confine myself
to two or three remarks.
The Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buck-
ingham,] a Senator for whom we all entertain
the most profound respect, yesterday delivered
a speech in opposition to the general principle
of amnesty. He spoke of it as desirable to
perpetuate in some way the recollection of the
great rebellion. Ho desired to have left upon
the statute-book something that would mark
the difference between loyalty and rebellion,
between patriotism and its opposite. He thinks
it is necessary to retain some of these disabili-
ties in order that that dividing line between
those who were true and those who were false
to the Government shall be maintained.
Now, Mr. President, it does seem to me
that this country all over its surface, that our
institutions throughout their whole structure,
that the history of the country for the last ten
42d Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 18.
years, will, for all time, as long as the Eng-
lish language is spoken, and there shall be a
single descendant of this nation left upon the
globe, transmit to all generations the memory
of that great struggle, and will make mem-
orable the virtues of the loyal, and the follies,
not to say the crimes, of the disloyal. It does
not seem to me that a mere act upon our law-
books is.necessary to perpetuate the remem-
brance of that terrible struggle, of the devotion
of the loyal and the defection of the disloyal.
That distinction will be drawn in other and more
enduring lines than those which are traced in
statutes.
Again, some Senators speak of this act of
amnesty as an act of justice. Mr. President,
I place it upon no such ground. I ask it not
as an act of justice. I never have asked it as
an act of justice. I have asked it as an act
of good public policy. The motive and reason
of all punishment, for treason as well as for
other crimes, is not that the man deserves pun-
ishment, is not to satisfy justice, but it is to
prevent the recurrence of similar crimes in the
future. The primary object of punishment is
not to reform the individual, nor to gratify
vengeance, nor to what is called satisfying jus-
tice; the end of civil punishments is to pre-
vent the recurrence of similar crime. All civil
punishments should proceed upon this theory;
and any idea that this measure is a matter of
compensating for crime by penalties is a false
idea; any theory of that kind is a false theory.
The only question for us to consider is whether
public policy demands the removal of these
disabilities or demands their retention.
Now, Mr. President, I call upon any man
who is familiar with the condition of affairs in
the lately reconstructed States to say whether
his own observation of that condition will
justify him in retaining these disabilities one
hour longer than may be necessary to pass a
fit and proper bill. I call attention to the
speech which was made in the Senate yester-
day by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott,] who has recently had large oppor-
tunity to observe the condition of society and
government in the southern States. I call
attention to the fact that the opinions of
that Senator, an acute, careful, conscientious
observer of what he sees around him, have
undergone a total change in this respect since
the last session of Congress. I call attention
to the further fact that every individual who
is a careful observer, and who travels through
the southern States, has come to precisely the
same opinion.
When I came into the Senate there was but
one Senator from the southern States who
agreed with me on this subject of the removal
ot' disabilities. 1 doubt if to-day there arc
more than two or three who differ with me on
that subject. My honorable colleague at that
time held opposite opinions, and yet he is
to-day one of the stoutest supporters of the
removal of political disabilities. The truth is,
that the objections to the removal of political
disabilities come from Senators who are least
acquainted by personal knowledge with the
States wherein these disabilities have worked
their evil.
Mr. President, I have said before, and I
repeat, that the cardinal fault in the reconstruc-
tion policy was the imposition of any political
disability; that if you had meant to punish
those who were engaged iu the rebellion, you
should have punished them in some more sub-
stantial, more direct, and more severe man-
ner. You should have taken the leaders of the
rebellion, if you could have found them, and
drawn a distinction between those more and
those less guilty, and you should have made
of them an example to future traitors. But
when you have forgiven thousands of those who
were most active in bringing about and carry-
ing on the rebellion, when you have said to
the whole world that you will impose no pun-
ishment even on the most prominent of them,
such as is usually awarded to treason and other
high crimes, it is very small business to con-
tinue this little petty irritation, caused by
retaining these political disabilities.
It is due to the circumstance that this large
number of men in the southern States were
shut out from the possibility of holding State
and Federal offices that we have had so many
abuses in the local governments of those
States. It is due to that circumstance that
in the State which I have the honor in part to
represent on this floor we have to-day a State
government which is a disgrace to civiliza-
tion. It is due to those disabilities, and to
those disabilities only, that we had not an
ample field from which to select honest, capa-
ble men for our local public offices, men who
would have made faithful officers, and who
would have been in complete harmony with
the national Administration and the great
Republican party on questions of public
policy. Instead of that, what do we see
to-day? A spectacle alike disgraceful to the
Republican party, under whose banner and in
whose name gross abuses have been perpe-
trated, and to the men who have thus stained
its honor; and yet Senators desire us to con-
tinue a system which has been fruitful of such
results.
You may talk as you please about there
being enough loyal men in the South t.o fill the
offices. It is true there might have been loyal
men enough in the South to fill the offices ;
but when you shut out a particular class of
men no more guilty than the rest from parti-
cipation in public office, you found as a mat-
ter of fact that the great majority of the rest
of the population refused absolutely and en-
tirely to have anything to do with the Govern-
ment. It was that which in 1867 and 18G8
prevented our enlisting on behalf of good
government and on behalf of reconstruction
the bone and sinew of the South. It was only
here and there that a man came out from the
ranks in which he found himself and dared to
take part with the Government and assist in
the formation of new local governments. This
system of disabilities is responsible for all
that.
I know it was not intended to cut off from
participation in reconstruction this large class
of our citizens who actually held aloof. I know
that the law only disfranchised forty or fifty
thousand in the entire South ; but behind each
one of that forty or fifty thousand were a score
or a hundred, and that score or hundred fol-
lowed precisely the lead of the forty or fifty
thousand. Now, I ask that, as a matter of
public policy, this great mistake shall be cor-
rected. Although it will not undo the evil
already done by this mistaken policy, I ask
that to-day you shall take off from those men
the restrictions which prevent their being held
responsible in a larger degree than they now
are for good order.
Sir, the colored people of the South ask this.
The colored people of the South, could they
be represented on this floor to-day, would say
to the Setiatorfrom Massachusetts, "Hold off
your bill uutil we can secure amnesty; we will
get our rights under your bill sooner or later ;
we are willing to wait for the time when such
a measure can be carried out and can pass,
but give us amnesty." They have petitioned
for amnesty with ten times as many petitions
as have come up here for the passage of the
Senator's bill. There has hardly been a con-
vention of colored men in the South who have
not said to Congress, " Give us amnesty." F
admit the hardships under which the colored
men labor, and which are intended to be cor-
rected by the bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and I say I will go with him, and a
large number of Senators here will go with
him, to pass that bill; but two thirds of the
Senate and two thirds of the House will not
go with him to pass that bill now; and there-
tore, under Ihosecircumstances, I feel bound to
vote against the amendment, however pained
I am to do so.
