3858
THE COKGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
quorum here; yet he permits business to be
transacted.
The SPEAKER tempore. On the pas-
sage of this bill the yeas are 94, and the nays
26. No quorum has voted.
Mr. MOORE, I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will proceed to close the doors,
and the roll will be called.
; The roll was called, when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Arthur, Averill,
Barber, Barry, Beverid^e, Biggs, Austin Blair, Roles,
Brooks, Burchard, Benjamin F. JButler, Roderick R.
Butler, Clarke. Cobb, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Davis,
Dawes, Do Large, DuBose, Duoll, Eldredge, Elliott,
JJly, Karusworth, Harwell, l?orker, Hale, ilarmer,
Hays, John IV. lln?;elton, Herndon, Hill, Hooper,
Hought6n,Kelley, Kellogg,Kendall, Iverr.ICetcham,
Killinger, Kinsella, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lynch,
Marshall, Maynard, Mcjunkin, MeKinney, Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard, Palmer,
Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland.
Porter, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William 11. Huberts, John Rogers, Sargent, Soofield,
Seeley, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober,
Slocurn, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, R.
Milton Spoer, Thomas J. Speer, Spragae. Stevers,
Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, St.
John, Sutherland, Sypher, Washington Townsend,
luthill, l'yner, Unson, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Wakeman, Walden, Warren, wheeler. White-
ley, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—125.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How many
members are present?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The call of
the roll discloses the presence of one hundred
and twenty-five members.
Mr. BECK. As there is now a quorum
present, and the House is competent to make
orders, I submit the following resolution :
Jtaolvcd, That the call of the House shall be pro-
ceeded with, and that all rules be so suspended that
no dilatory motions shall be entertained, and noth-
ing shall be m order except the call of members,
until aftor proceedings haye boon so far completed
as to direct the Sorgeant at-Arms to arrest all mem-
bers absent without leave of the House, and bring
them before the bar of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that the House cannot suspend
the rules until the proceedings under the call
are dispensed with.
Mr. BECK. There is a quorum now pres-
ent, I understand.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is a
quorum present; but the Chair is compelled
to rule upon the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Ohio that it is not in order
to suspend the rules while a call of the House
is proceeding.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to offer a substitute
for the resolution of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I move thp,t the Sergeant at-Arms be
now instructed to take into custody  
Mr. BECK. I appeal from the decision pf
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garkield] has raised a
point of order that the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [ Mr. Beck ] is not iq
order. The Chair has sustained the point,
and the gentleman from Kentucky appeals
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw the appeal; but I
do not believe in the doctrine that the House
is incompetent to enforce its own orders.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man must settle that question with the Consti-
tution and the rules of the House. Many of
the questions now arising have arisen for the
first time in many years. This is the first time,
as the Chair understands, that a portion of
the House not'sufficient to form a quorum has
beeu unwilling of itself either to adjourn or
that a quorum should be obtained.
Mr. DICKEY. Is there any tpeans by which
the men who created this difficulty and have
run off can be brought back ?
Mr. MOORE. I move now that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to take in custody
the members who are absent without leave,
and bring them to the bar of the House forth-
with.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Moore, it was declared agreed to.
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes five, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered ; and
the motion of Mr. Moore was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask the Speaker
whether it is now in order to excuse members
who are absent on account of sickness?
Mr. MERRIAM. I wish to make an excuse
in behalf of my colleague, [Mr. Wheeler,]
who is out of town on account of sickness in
his family.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am not sure
that such a motion is necessary, but I move
that Hon. James G. Blaine, the Speaker of
this House, be excused for his absence.
Mr. MANSON. I object, because he is the
most useful man in this body.
Mr. PERCE. The Speaker of the House
has the right under its rules to designate a
member of the House to occupy the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
bas already recognized the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who insists upon
the right to make a motion to excuse his col-
league. The Chair will first entertain his
motion.
Mr. CONGER. I move that Mr. Stough-
ton be excused from attendance on account
of sickness.
Mr. MOORE. Whatever member is excuse^
must be by unanimous consent, and not by a
vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; it must
be done by a vote of the House.
Mr. MOORE. No, sir; they are only ex-
cused by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On what
authority does the gentleman make that asser-
tion?
Mr. MOORE. By the rulings in this House
heretofore in all cases.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Can the
gentleman from Illinois point the Chair to any
such ruling?
Mr. MOORE. No other ruling has ever
been established in this House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On the con-
trary, everybody about the Chair declares the
exact contrary, and such are the Journals
shown to the Chair.
Mr. MOORE. There is no such thing in
the Journal. Where there is a call of the
House, and where members are excused, it is
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. ARCHER. Let the question be taken
on the tpotion to excuse and we will get along
much
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and holds a majority of
members can excuse any absent member.
Does the gentleman from Illinois take an
appeal ?
Mr. CONGER. I now insist on my motion
to excuse Mr. Stobghton.
Mr. MOORE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Several Members. Too late.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the gentleman
from Michigan, to excuse his colleague [Mr.
Stooghton] on account of sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move that my
colleague, Mr, Tyner, be excused on account
of sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EAMES. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Pendleton, be excused on account of
sickness, ' *' *'
Mr. MOORE. I insist this must be done by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has already overruled that point of order and
will do so again.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move that my col-
league, Mr. Hooper, be excused on account of
sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GOODRICH. I move that Mr. Duell
be excused on account of the delicate condi-
tion of his health. He remained here as long
as he could.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I rise to a point
of order, that it is notin order indiscriminately
to make motions to excuse members, but that
the roll of absentees should be called and ex-
cuses made in regular prder.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is noi
rule, on the subject, but the mode proposed by
the Chair has been found to be most conven-
ient.
Mr. DONNAN. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Walden, be excused on acepBflt of sick-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SNAPP. I ask to have everybody
excused. [Laughter.]
Mr. FRYE. My colleague, Mr. Lynch, has
been called away in consequence of the dan-
gerous sickness of his wife. He is absent on
leave.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] being absent
by leave of the House, no excuse is required
in his case.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. My colleague,
Mr. Kellogg, is confined to his room by in-
disposition. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SNAPp. I move that the Capitol be
removed, on account of the unhealthiness of
its present location. [Laughter.]
Tbe SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Snapp] is out of order,
and will take his seat. [Laughter.]
Mr. ACKER. I suggest that the Sergeant-
at-Arms should look up the absentees and
make his return. Of course he will not bring
any member here who is too sick to come.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. My colleague, Mr.
Negley, was up all night, the night before
last, engaged on a committee of conference.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. My col-
league, Mr. Mournis, on account of ill health,
is scarcely able to attend the day sessions of
the House, and cannot attend the night ses-
sions without incurring great risk. I move
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRYE. My colleague, Mr. Hale, has
recently married a wife, and I move that he
be excused. [Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague, Mr. Kerb,
it is well known to the House is in very feeble
health. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COGHLAN. Mr. Leonard Myers, of
Pennsylvania, informed me at eleven o'clock
last night that he was unwell and could not
stay longer. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COGHLAN. My colleague, Mr. Hough-
ton, resides in Georgetown. I move that he
be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CARROLL. My colleague, Mr. Warren,
is in poor health. I move that he be excused.
Mr. PETERS. • Oh, no ; his health is good.
The motion waa not agreed to,
