1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
received the applause of all our people, be-
cause we felt, and our enemies felt still more
than we did, the significance of her move-
ments. She was in a later period the first of
European nations to withdraw her flag from
this continent, which is the greatest boon any
foreign State can confer upon us. The with-
drawal of the European flag from the Ameri-
can .continent alone is wanting to make our
independence complete and perfect.
It may be said that we paid her for this, but
we would gladly pay as much, ay, many times
as much for the same great favor from other
nations that we might name. Russia was the
first to comprehend our interest, a compre-
hension running even beyond our own, and
the first to act upon elevated comprehension,
and her example has been imitated by other
European States in proffering territory which
we have not yet accepted. The influence of
her magnanimous example in this regard will
result in the withdrawal of every European flag
from this continent, a consummation devoutly
to be wished.
Now, sir, we only propose to place the mis-
sion to Russia upon the same level with the
missions to England and France and Germany,
neither of which Governments has half the
population or power of Russia. It is a ques-
tion of grade and character, not of money, and
I am sure that the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hoi,man] will recognize the fact that by
this simple change, which costs us so little, we
place our mission there, at this important point
in the world's history, upon a level with our
missions to Great Britain, France, and Ger-
many, and that we shall reap from this measure
greater benefits than any which have been con-
ferred by any other mission of a similar grade.
I hope, sir, the House will sustain the prop-
osition.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I did not intend to enter upon this dis-
cussion, but as I intend to vote now for this
change of the mission to Russia, raising it to
the grade of a first-class mission, I feel it in-
cumbent on me, especially after the remarks of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
to say a few words in justification of my vote.
I shall not repeat any of the excellent re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
applicable to the appropriation under discus-
sion, but I ask my friend from Indiana to con-
sult his geography—and in reference to such
matters we often make mistakes, so rapidly
does the world grow—when he remarks that
Russia is a distant and remote country from
ours. Sir, Russia is not twelve days' distant
in a good steamer from our territory of Alaska,
and is not more than fifteen, certainly not
more than eighteen days at most from San
Francisco, even if it be so far from the popu-
lation upon Puget, sound. We are approach-
ing, and we have approached in closer con-
tiguity to Russia, and so far from its being a
remote country to us, it is almost in proximity
to us, and almost our neighbor.
During the war with China Russia extended
her territories over the northern continent of
Europe on to the Pacific ocean, and is now
extending her commerce and trade into the
seas of Japan. There is a growing and im-
portant commerce, with which the people of
San Francisco have now some connection, and
with which the people of the whole land
will soon have more or less to do. Russia is
therefore our neighbor, and our commerce
with her will certainly increase on the Pacific
ocean, if it does not on the Atlantic. Beside
that, there is another most important consid-
eration, and I call the attention of the House
to this great political fact: we have no means
of reaching Europe now in time of peril, such
as our foreign relations involve us in under
the surveillance of what may be our enemy,
but the empire of Great Britain. Whatever
our diplomats may transmit to and fro or
across the ocean, it is m the power of Great
Britain at any time to seize and know.
The time is near at hand, the time has already
come, when we cannot afford longer to submit
to that European surveillance, but we must
extend our hands to Russia across the Pacific
ocean, and establish telegraphic communica-
tion between San Francisco, across the islands
of the north Pacific, to the Russian possessions
in Asia, and make connection with that line of
telegraphic communication that now already
reaches from St. Petersburg to the river Amoor.
By that means we will be enabled to communi-
cate with our friends in Europe in time of war,
no matter what may be the hostility of Eng-
land or of France toward us.
And I deeply regret to hear the honorable
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] say
that the Russians are our enemies. Sir, there
is no people on the face of the whole earth so
closely allied to us in heart and hand, in body
and soul, as are the people of the Government
of Russia. I speak from my own personal
knowledge. I may say that during the last
summer, when I was in barbarous countries
and at times unsafe, the Russian Government,
or its authorities at Pekin, extended to me
as an American what they would not to any
European, to any Frenchman, to any English-
man, to any other man on earth but to an Amer-
ican, a protection which enabled me to travel
in safety.
Mr. WOOD. In the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, both in the last Congress as well as in
this, I gave my vote for the proposition now
presented by our chairman, [Mr. Banks.]
During the last Congress the proposition to
raise the mission to Russia to the first class
accompanied a like proposition in relation to
the mission to Germany, which latter propo-
sition passed Congress. There were reasons,
which were stated by the chairman in the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, growing out
of the condition of the business in the House
of Representatives, which rendered it quite
impossible to do what we had intended to do
in relation to the mission to Russia, and which
is now proposed. When we considered the
subject at this session (and I think I am not
revealing any of the secrets of our committee
in making this statement) we determined, in
view of recent circumstances growing out of
events which have recently transpired in Wash-
ington in reference to the Russian minister,
not to present this proposition to the House
if there was the slightest possibility of its being
defeated.
I regret that it should be opposed by any
gentleman from any motive of economy, from
any misconception, in my judgment, of the
friendly character of the Russian Government
and of the Russian people toward the Govern-
ment and people of the United States. I regret
that any gentleman should have felt it within
the line of his duty—and I have no doubt that
was the consideration that has influenced the
course of my friend from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] in this case—to interpose the slightest
objection to this proposition. Sir, the mere
question of salary is a question of no import-
ance. But the grave question of continuing
our friendly relation and our friendly inter-
course with all the great Powers of the world
is of the very last importance. My colleague,
[Mr. Brooks,] in my judgment, has very prop-
erly givon reasons here which are conclusive
why he should support this proposition, and I
do not see how any gentleman can feel com-
pelled to offer any opposition whatever to it.
Sir, we do not know what may be twelve
months hence the relations of this country
with some of the leading Governments of
Europe. Here is a proposition to place the
mission to Russia upon an equal footing with
the missions to Great Britain', France, and
Germany. Will any gentleman get up here
and tell me that so far as the Russian Govern-
ment is concerned it has not consistently
maintained its friendliness toward the Govern-
ment of the United States, when, within the
last twenty years, both the English and the
French Governments have more than once
been in secret, if not in open, hostility to our
Government? And now to propose that we
shall not place the mission to Russia upon the
same footing that we have placed the missions
to Great Britain and France would be a dis-
crimination which Russia would have a right
to look upon as unfriendly on the part of the
United States. I have risen only to say that
this proposition having been made, I think it
would be exceedingly unfortunate, in view of
existing circumstances, to have this House
refuse to assent to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hardly
desire to take much part in this debate. First-
class missions are for first-class Powers, and
if there is a first-class Power on earth to-day
it is the empire of Russia; not only in her
material and naval strength, but in her com-
mercial prosperity, in the liberty which she
has given to all classes of her subjects so far
as the constitution and laws of that empire
will permit.
There is one topic that I desire to bring to
the attention of the House, and it is that, as
I have been informed, Russia, since the eman-
cipation of her serfs, has organized for them a
school system second to none in Europe, not
even excepting that of Prussia, which has been
considered perhaps the best system of com-
mon-school education in the world. Nor have
I heard that any class of the Russian people
have organized themselves into bands to burn
down the school-houses. [Laughter.] On the
contrary, they have been protected and hon-
ored. In this respect Russia sets us an exam-
ple of which I think we may well show our
appreciation by raising our mission to that
country to as high a class as any we have in
the world.
Again, sir, at this particular juncture, when
we of the United States have not too many
friends in Europe, and when under the treaty
of Washington our ancient enemy has insisted
that we should not give the empire of Russia
the poor compliment of appointing from that
empire a single arbitrator in any one of the
controversies to be determined under that
treaty, provided its provision should go into
effect—when we have been obliged to go to
Brazil and Italy and Spain and Turkey, and
almost every Power in Europe for an arbitra
tor, but have been obliged to pass by our
ancient ally andfriend—at this juncture I think
it will not be either ungracious or improper
for the Government of this country in its pop-
ular branch to inaugurate what is but just,
and at the same time a proper compliment
to Russia, by raising our mission there to the
first class, in order to show that here at least
the kindly feeling which has hitherto been
cherished by the United States toward Russia
is still alive, active, and operative.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment to the amendment is exhausted.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I therefore renew the amend-
ment. It is true, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] has said, that we do
send first-class ministers only to first-class
Powers; but we do not, however, send first-
class ministers to all first-class Powers. On
the contrary, by the policy of this Government
first-class ministers have heretofore been sent
to those only of the great Powers of the world
with which we have had most frequent occasion
for diplomatic and other communication. Now
Russia, having regard to the extent of its ter-
ritory and the numbers of its people, is a first-
class Power, but is not one of those great
Powers with which the United States come
most frequently in contact or have the most
extensive and intimate relations. The great
Powers with which we come most in contact
and carry on the most extensive intercourse
are Great Britain, Germany, and France.
From the two former of these nations the
greater portion of our immigration is derived.
