1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
42v Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan.
Senate.-
question, written to a member of the Legisla-
ture after the election of Mr. Vance. The
Legislature of Nortk Carolina, after they bad
elected Mr. Vance, learning that probably
there would be some difficulty in his getting a
seat, became desirous to know what they
should do, how they could manage to elect
somebody else, and how it was that he was not
going to get his seat. The Senator from North
Carolina addressed the following letter to a
member of the Legislature :
Senate Chamber.
■Washington City, March 17,1371.
My Dear Sir: You ask me as an old friend to
tell you candidly if Governor Vance is likely to bo
relieved.
Relieved of what? Relieved of his disabil-
ities, for the letter written to the Senator
showed that that was the point.
The Senate committee ha? just reported a bill
for his relief, and it will pass next December, if not
before. In the present state of things here it may
not be acted upon this session, as Congress refuses
to take up any business except some few special
matters. But even at this disadvantage, Vance
stands a good chance of being relieved before we
adjourn. Many Senators heretofore opposed will
vote tor him now. If Congress remains in session
two weeks he will be relieved at this session. The
House would pass the bill by an immense majoiity.
I hardly have a doubt as to his final relief early in
the next session.
I have not time to write more fully.
Very fcrulyr &c., JOHN POOL.
What does that prove? It proves that every
one in North Carolina believed that Mr. Vance
would be relieved of his disabilities. Even
the Senator from North Carolina himself be-
lieved it, and in fact Mr. Vance is the only
man I have knowledge of who, having been
elected to office, has not been relieved. But
I am not advocating the claims of Mr. Vance
to a seat. I only refer to his case by way of
showing the intention of the parties who made
the election, and that intention is shown to be
not of a vindictive character, that their motive
was not an improper or impure one, but that
they were actuated by an honest motive. This
man being their choice, they belie.ved he would
be relieved of his disabilities from the facts I
have stated, and believing that he would get
his seat, they elected him as their representa-
tive. Hence, if they did in good faith elect
him as their representative in the Senate,
they did not elect Mr. Abbott, and giving Mr.
Abbott his seat would be in violation of the
intention of his constituents, and in violation
of the wishes of the State of North Carolina;
.and when I say "the State,'' I speak of it as
represented through its Legislature, as that
is the only way you can speak of it in a matter
of this kind.
Now, sir, having passed over that point, I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to one
or two other cases. 1 will not read them;
they are published in the Globe; but I wili
state the facts. I presume there is not a Sen-
ator here who will claim that the Senate and
House of Ilepresenatives have a right to elect
a member to Congress; -but. I state the fact to
be that if my position is incorrect, the Senate
and House of Representatives have elected
both Senators and members of Congress. If
the election of a man to the United States
Senate is void because he is laboring under
disabilities, then I say the Senate and House
of Representatives have elected two Senators
without reference to their constituents; and I
refer to Mr. Patterson, of Tennessee, and Mr.
Miller, of Georgia. Mr. Miller was labor-
ing under disabilities, was elected to the Son-
ate, and the Senate and the House passed a
law or a resolution giving him his seat by pre-
paring an oath which he could take. It you had
acted according to the law and stood by the
oath which you would make me take, he being
under disabilities, could not have taken his
seat. They were elected, and this being the
law that they had to take a certain oath, if
they were disqualified from taking that oath
at the time of the election, according to the
argument of the minority report their election
was void. If void, and you put them in alter-
ward, you elected them. • Hence, if the argu-
ment on the other side is good, you have
elected men to seats in Congress who were
not elected by their constituents.
But let me go a little further. Let me call
the attention of the Senate to two more cases
which I presume they will recollect. I will not
read them; but I will state them correctly.
The first is the case of Roderick R. Butlek,
of Tennessee, a man who served as a member
of a confederate legislature during the war, a
man who came to the Congress of the United
States admitting these facts that rendered
him ineligible when he was elected. He had
not been relieved of his disabilities; and yet,
upon the report of a committee of the House,
the Senate and the House passed a resolution
relieving him to the extent of preparing an
oath for him and giving him his seat.
Let me give you a stronger case. I believe
it has been the theory of Congress, at least I
have heard it so stated here, and in the other
branch of Congress, that there were certain
persons who should not be relieved. You have
said that you are willing to relieve everybody
from disability, save certain persons. Men who
left the Army and the Navy and went into the
rebellion; men who were in the Senate and
House of Representatives, and marched out
to go into the rebellion, those two classes,
you have said, shall not be relieved of their
disabilities. Now, let me mention a case upon
which you have acted. General Young of
Georgia was elected to Congress during the
time that General Meade was in command of
that State. General Young was an officer of
our Army—a West Pointer, as they are com-
monly called. He went into the rebel army,
and was an officer there. He came to Con-
gress; and what did you do? I was in the
other branch of Congress at the time the case
eaigc up. His constituents knew that he had
been in the rebellion. His constituents knew
that he was ineligible. He canvassed the dis-
trict admiiting that he was ineligible, but that
he expected to be relieved by Congress. He
was elected, came to Congress, and you re-
lieved him of his disabilities and gave him his
seat, knowing when you passed the bill that it
was only for the purpose of allowing him to
take a seat in Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me call my friend's
attention to the fact that all that any of those
acts of Congress did was to relieve ihe mail's
disability, which we had an undoubted right
to do. The Senate did not say he should take
his seat in the House, nor did the Senate say
that the Governor and judges of North Caro-
lina should hold their offices. They removed
their disabilities.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly; but the Senate
did not prevent them from taking their seats,
but removed the obstacles iu the way of hold-
ing ihe offices for the very purpose of their
taking their seats. One of them took his seat
right here in this Chamber, if not by the side
ot the Senator, by the side of other Senators,
after being relieved of his disabilities, Con-
gress therefore construing that law to mean
that their election was only voidable and not
void.
Mr. CARPENTER. What two cases are
those?
Mr. LOGAN. The cases of Patterson and
Miller.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a total mis-
apprehension.
Mr. THUIiMAN. In regard to the Thomas
ease, he was not seated. The committee re-
ported that Thomas could not. take the test-
oath, and therefore was ineligible to a seat in
the Senate. A majority of the Senate sup-
ported that report of the committee, and he
was excluded.
Mr. LOGAN. I have the wrong name.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is entirely
right in regard to Miller. Thomas was ex-
cluded ; but nobody pretended 
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me to interrunt him, does he understand
that we removed Miller's disabilities under the
fourteenth article of amendment?
Mr. THURMAN. I know what the Senator
refers to. Miller was just as much under
disability if the test-oath act was constitu-
tional 
Mr. CARPENTER. And the Senator and
I both agree it is not.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, and a large major-
ity of the Senate say we are both wrong. That
is the misfortune about that.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me one moment there, that we need not
get into a false position, I understand the con-
stitutionality of the test-oath, as the Senator
calls it, to have been argued and placed upon
the ground that it did not establish a qualifica-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. I have heard that same
argument before, but it is too fine to be under-
stood even by a Pascal.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not want at this
time to intrude on the Senator from Illinois to
find out how fine or how coarse it is. I only
wish to say that the constitutionality of the
test-oath has been argued and maintained by
a large body of the Senate upon a ground which
has nothing to do with the test which the Sen-
ator from Ohio seeks to establish here.
Mr. THURMAN. I wili attend to that
hereafter.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I was mis-
taken in reference to Mr. Thomas, I got the
wrong name. I will hunt the other up and
correct it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Patterson.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the name. Patterson
of Tennessee, instead of Thomas. Judge
Patterson, of Tennessee, and Mr. Miller, of
Georgia, are the two Senators who did take
their seats when they were ineligible.
Mr. CARPENTER. Simply in consequence
of that test-oath, not ineligible under the four-
teenth amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I do not make
any question as to whether the test-oath was
constitutional or not. It was the law at the
time they were elected, and no court bad de-
cided otherwise. It was the law on your books
in the Senate, and it was the law of the Sen-
ate, and you did relieve them by modifying
that oath and letting them take their seats,
although Judge Patterson had been a confed-
erate judge, and he served here until his term
was out.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to understand what he means? I want to
understand for information. My recollection
is that Mr. Patterson had no modification of
the test-oath in his case. The Senate passed
a bill which the House rejected, which, had it
been adopted, would have had that effect. My
recollection is that Mr. Patterson then took
the same oath which the Senator took on
entering the Senate, and which I took.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; that may possi-
bly be. I see that these Senators are very
anxious to get me correct. One thing is sure,
■whether he took that oath or not, he sat here
in the Senate by the consent of the Senator
from New York with others who sat by him.
If then you let him in when you knew he was
under disability, when it was a fact known to
everybody and you acquiesced in it, it is the
same thing as if you. had relieved his disabih-
tieMr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment ?
