1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
five-minutes debate oil amendments. The Chair
hears no objection. Such is the general assent of
the Senate."
Mr. CONKLING. I prefer, for one, to
observe this agreement as others understood
it, if there be a difference of apprehension in
regard to it. I beg to say, however, that the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] having said
"the ordinary five-minutes debate," which is
something very familiar to him, having served
in the other House, as it is to me. I under-
stood, as the last answer of the Chair gave me
to understand, that it was to be the ordinary
five-minutes debate upon amendments, and
I submit with deference that a five-minutes
debate upon amendments would be rather an
extraordinary debate if it consisted of the right
of one person to speak on one side and nobody
to be permitted on the other side to answer
him. However, as I say, I wish, for one, to
observe the understanding as other Senators
received it. I supposed it was to be, as stated
by the Senator from Ohio, the ordinary five-
minutes debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood it pre-
cisely as the Senator from New York does. I
did not suppose that there was to be a five-
minutes debate on one side and nobody be
allowed to reply.
ThePHESlDENTp?-o tempore. The Chair
will be governed by the sense of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifeel in justice to myself
that I ought to remark that I did not hear the
observation of the Senator from South Carolina
which is reported in the Globe. I presume
the Chair heard him, the Senator being nearer
the Chair than myself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
heard the remark, and supposed that all
Senators understood it. although there was a
great deal of confusion in the Chamber at the
time.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let that be
the understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to debate
it at all.
Mr. THURMAN. I rose for the purpose
of ascertaining exactly what the understanding
was. I understood it as the Senator from New
York did. If I had not, I never should have
agreed to it. At the same time, it is but jus-
tice to say that I very distinctly heard the
limitation placed upon it by some Senator
over there; I suppose the Senator from South
Carolina; but my attention was directed to
something else, by somebody speaking to me,
and I did not know what the final action of
the Senate was; I did not know whether that
was acquiesced in or not. However, I am
willing to abide by the rule as it was under-
stood, and as it appears it was adopted, and
the Chair has ruled accordingly, but I never
will agree to such a rule again.
Mr. EDMONDS. We never ought to have
such an understanding when a bill has been up
for but one day.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I did make the re-
mark that the Globe has ascribed to me. I
think the friends of the bill fully understood
it, and do not care anything about further
discussion. Senators are old enough to vote
without receiving any further light or informa-
tion on this subject. If any amendments are
agreed to, the constituents of the honorable
Senator who sits on my left [Mr. Alcoiuc]
will be deprived of the offices to which they
have been elected, as they are required to
qualify on the 2d day of January next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This de-
bate is not in order unless the understanding
of the Senate is overruled. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That cuts out all after
the 4th of March, 1859. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony,Brownlow, Buck-
Certainly ; I have no objec-
lngham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling.
Corbett Edmunds, terry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frehnghuysen. Hamlin. Howe, Morrill of Vermont
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott
Spencer, Sumner, Wilson, and Windom—2J7.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Rob-
ertson, feaulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vick-
ers. and West—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Cracin, Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Osborn, Patterson, Rice, Spraguo, Stockton, and
W right—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the first sec-
tion :
Provided, That the removal of sneh disabilities
shall not have the effect of giving the persons re-
lieved the status in court or elsewhere of loyal per-
sons in asserting any claim against the United States
which they do not now possess, either for money
claimed to be due, orfor appropriation of or injury
to property belonging to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment. I waut to see who
will vote against that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator who
moves this amendment if he will allow me one
minute of his five to state why it ought not to
be adopted.
_ Mr. PRATT,
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Having one minute,
then, I wish to say that the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution provides simply for
imposing a disqualification to hold office. This
bill provides for removing the disability im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment, which is
simply to hold office, and every citizen remains
just as he stood before we passed this bill as
to all his other rights except the right to hold
office. This is not a pardon. The bill does
not propose to pardon anybody. It merely
proposes to remove the disability imposed by
the fourteenth amendment, which is simply a
disability to hold office. That is all there is
about it. It has no effect whatever upon any
claim that a man has.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Indiana
gives me a minute out of his time to reply to
my friend from Illinois, who seems to be 
Mr. HILL. I submit whether this debate
is within the rule adopted. I do not like to
see it infringed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ah! My honorable
friend from Georgia must be a little slow of
comprehension that he did not think of that
about a minute ago.
Mr. HILL. I thought that was an arrange-
ment. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. This, also, let me tell
my friend, is an arrangement. I speak by
permission of my friend from Indiana.
Mr. HILL. I beg your pardon ; I did not
know that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not responsible for
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. No ; but I did not hear you
ask it, and could not know it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, I
only have a word or two to say in reply to my
friend from Illinois, and the first is, that I am
a little surprised that those who are the special
champions of protection of the Treasury and
of the public money should object to an
amendment of this kind, which is merely de-
claratory that this bill shall not have the effect
to put people's hands into the Treasury whose
last act was to raise their hands against the
people who own the Treasury.
Now, to the point. My friend says that this
bill removes political disabilities. So it does.
It also removes a legal disability which the
Constitution has imposed upon a certain class
of persons, and under that Constitution we
have framed pension laws and claims laws and
claims commission laws based upon the theory
of this constitutional provision and in har-
mony with it, in order to protect the Treasury,
that we may have something to pay loyal
claimants and not be obliged to pay disloyal
ones. In the decision of the Supreme Court
made a year or two ago, I think in the case of
Padelford, they held that an act of amnesty
or pardon put a man in such a position that in
point of law he never had been guilty of any
offense. ^ Now, then, if we relieve from this
constitutional inhibition the legal as well as
the political disabilities of these parties, it will
be maintained, and in some quarters with a
great deal of force, so that the money will go,
that we have restored these people to all rights
by this last act of legislation. Therefore, as
a matter of precaution and safety and absolute
security, this amendment ought to go on the
bill if we wish to protect the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state, such seeming to be the sense of the
Senate, that a Senator presenting an amend-
ment may apportion out his five minutes if he
so chooses.
Several Senators. No, no.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
seems to be the general sentiment.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us stand by the
agreement. We have all stood by it so far,
and let us adhere to it.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Pratt.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
lin. Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt. Ramsey, Sherman,
Sumner, Wilson, and Wind.om—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Fonton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Momil of Maine,
Norwood, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawver,
Schurz, Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Vickers, and West—34,
ABSENT—Messrs. Boroman, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Crasin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Osborn, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. Several amendments have
been offered, and every Senator seems dis-
posed to vote for precisely whit he wishes
without regard to the passage of the bill. I
therefore propose to amend the bill by striking
out all of the first section after the word
"classes" in the eleventh line and inserting:
First. All persons who. being members of the
Thirty-Sixtn and Thirty-Seventh Congresses of the
United States, withdrew from their seats and aided
the rebellion.
Second. All persons who, having held the office of
judge ot the Supreme Court ot the United States or
head of one of the Executive Departments of the
Government of the United States in the year 1860
or 1861, shall have engaged in rebellion against the
same.
I will simplysay that this amendment makes
lio exclusion from the benefits of this bill
except of members of the Thirty-Sixth and
Thirty-Seventh Congresses who went out and
engaged in rebellion, and judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States and heads of the
Executive Departments; and I desire to vote
for it because I believe that is what the bill
should do. Therefore I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts a question, as I do
not exactly understand his amendment. If
I understand it correctly, if that amendment
should be adopted, officers of the Army and
the Navy who left the service and joined the
rebellion would not be excluded.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator proposes by his
amendment to relieve those men who, although
they had been educated by the Government,
joined the rebellion.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts if he is correctly
