1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2963
vised let him give us the figures. I recollect
to have seen a statement within the last few
days that more than half a million dollars
was thrown away upon machinery in one of
your vessels.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I will say to the Senator
that was al! contracted for during the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Furnished since the
war, and paid for since the war.
Mr. CRAGIN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When was the machin-
ery taken out of the Tennessee? Was it not
since she went down to St. Domingo?
Mr. HAMLIN. That may be so; but the
contract for all that large amount of machinery
was made during the war, and you are talking
about what took place since the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know when
the contract was made. If the Senator is cor-
rect about it, it was a very bad contract, it.
seems, whenever it was made. That machin-
ery cost, if I recollect aright, more than half
a million dollars.
Mr. CRAGIN. About seven hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And was sold, I think,
for thirty or forty thousand dollars; am I not
right?
Mr. CRAGIN. It has not been sold at all
yet. It has been offered for sale.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can the Senator inform
me at what price?
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. Roach offers to take a
portion of it for S30,000. and a portion of it
remains in the vessel.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is very indefinite.
The Senator speaks of a portion of it. Does
he mean that, substantially, that machinery
which cost $700,000 is now offered for sale at
$30,000?
Mr. CRAGIN. The engines and the boilers
are offered for sale for $30,000. The shafting
and certain other things, machinery, fixings
connected with it, are not offered for sale, as I
understand: the engines and boilers are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are the principal
portion of the machinery ?
Mr. CRAGIN. They are the principal por-
tion of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The principal portion
of what cost us $750,000 is offered for sale, it
seems, at $30,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the Senator from
Illinois will allow me I may give him the in-
formation that he desires. In the Pensacola
several hundred thousand dollars was put in
repair. In the Tennessee $225,000 was put in
repair. From 1862 to 1886 S350,000,000 have
been voted to the Navy Department. Toward
the close of the war we had six hundred and
fifty vessels, and we have now, according to j
the report of the engineer of the Navy, fit for j
s^a service and at sea but thirty six vessels.
The rest are unfit for use, and the whole num-
ber, out of the six hundred and fifty remaining
now on hand, is but one hundred and seventy-
nine, and the difference between six hundred
and fifty and one hundred and seventy-nine
have been disposed of or sold in some way or
other. That information which was called for
two months and more ago from the Secretary
of the Navy by the Appropriation Committee,
and for which I have waited so anxiously," is
not yet before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it is before the
House.
-Mr. STEVENSON. It may be before the
House ; I do not know ; but I have sent to the
document-room every morning to know whether
it has reached here, and my information yes-
terday was that it had not. Now, I suggest, in
view of the fact that we had six hundred and
fifty vessels during the war, upon which the
Navy Department, expended $350,000,000 be-
tween the years 1862 and 1866, that before we
are asked to make further appropriations,
the people of this country and the Congress
of the United States are at least entitled to
know what has become of the proceeds of ,
the sales of those vessels, whether they have
gone into the Treasury, or whether they have
been used by the Navy Department in addi-
tion to the annual appropriations to the Navy.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the argu-
ment of the Senator from Illinois to be that
because during the last Administration some
unfortunate experiments were made, and
during the haste and the confusion of the war,
when we were obliged to build vessels without
having time to perfect the plans or to secure
the best construction, and without any of the
best materials, we made a great many blunders
andspent a great deal of money extravagantly,
therefore we should refuse to make appropria-
tions now to carry on the Navy! That is the
substance of his argument.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ken-
tucky speaks about the reduction of the Navy
from six hundred and fifty vessels down to the
present number, and inquires, as if it were a
new thing, what has become of the money for
which those vessels were sold, or what has
been done with it? I undertake to tell the
Senator that if he will examine the accounts
of the Navy Department from time to time he
will see what has been done with all those
vessels. It is not a new thing. It may be
new to the Senator; but it is not new. The
Navy has been reduced. It was imiiortant
that it should be reduced; and when Senators
talk about tens of millions of dollars being
squandered, how has it been squandered? It
is easy to indulge in general charges and
create suspicions; but if any Senator knows
of anything wrong being done let him tell it;
but until he does know that something wrong
lias been done he has no right to make the
insinuation. We have had enough of that sort
of thing in the last year or two.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I do not
rise to take any part in the interesting discus-
sion as to how much money was wasted on the
Navy during the war. I know nothing of that.
I was not a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs at that time. I know this, how-
ever : that from having one of the finest
navies of its size in the world, we are now the
most helpless of all great nations on the
water, more helpless than this country ever
has been before. I rise, therefore, to protest
at this time, under the circumstances, in the
condition of our country at present, against
gentlemen using the argument used by the
Senator from Illinois, that because it is said
that during the war. or you may say. if yon
prefer it, since the war, a great deal of money
has been wasted upon the Navy, wasted in
experiments, if you please, wasted in folly,
squandered, stolen, if you please, that that is
a reason why this country should not to a rea-
sonable extent protect its commerce and its
shores and spend a reasonable amount of
money upon a navy in which they may fed
some pride.
i know it will be said in reply that whenever
we shall get into trouble, into a war, the people
of this country will rise up en masse and make
a navy at once ; they will build ships at once ;
it will not be a year before they will be able
to wipe out everything from the seas but their
own ships. Mr. President, I deem it my duty
as a member of the Committee on Navat Affairs
to say to the Senate now, tiiut if a difficulty
should occur to-day on the coast of Cuba, you
are simply sacrificing gallant men, brave and
experienced officers. They are asked to fight
without the means to fight with. You are doing
not only that, but you are sacrificing what would
help you to huild up a future navy. You are
sacrificing the prestige of success; the spirit
of pride and confidence that has made it in
vincible, that every boy in this land has grown
up to worship. No American can read that
true romance, Cooper's Naval History, with
out, feeling a pride in the history of the Navy
of his country. No man can assist in wiping
out that feeling of loyalty and pride in that
reputation of the Navy without breaking down
the one single thing that does build up navies
and which has made our Navy a conqueror when
fighting against heavy odds. There never has
been, in the history of any navy in the world,
or in the history ot any army in the world, or
in the history of any people in the world, any-
thing to compare with the unrivaled and glo-
rious bistory of our own little Navy. And that
is what it is proposed to wipe out. You are to
cover it with shame; you are to disgrace it be-
fore the great Powers, because, forsooth, we are
told that appropriations heretofore have been
wasted! You are to admit that you are willing
that the one thing that cannot be restored when
once lost, is to be sacrificed because you be-
lieve money has been wasted.
Mr. President, let it not be your fault, and
let it not be my fault, and it shall not be my
fault, I insist, that since the beginning of the
war you have never built one ship, and such a
thing as that has never happened in the his-
tory of the United States before. I care not
what has become of the money or the ships.
I did not rise to speak on that point. I am
on no investigating committee at present, and
trust I shall not be Let that be the duty of
gentlemen appointed for fhat, purpose. My
business is as an honest member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to show you the con-
di.ion of the Navy, to show you the necessity
of maki'ig appropriations for it, and to pro-
test against, gentlemen taking this position
without some giound to base it upon.
1 point to Paul Jones and the Bon Homme
Richard, the cruise of the Constitution, the
names of Stewart and Decatur, all the glorious
memories which f will not take time to recall,
and protest against the position taken by
Senators.
I have said that you have not built a ship
since the commencement of the war. The
necessities of the war required small vessels
and gun-boats to do blockading work and to
run in and out little creeks and rivers, and on
shallow water. The Navy was turned into
that, and many of your large vessels were
allowed to rot. You went to work and spent
millions and millions in new inventions, in
monitors, which were so valuable to you that
they may be said to have saved the life of this
nation; but (hey are of no earthly use now. They
are of no nsr- to go to sea. What was a monitor
worth when the civil war was over? Who
wants to buy a monitor any more than an
elephant ? They were part of the expense of
the war. created for that purpose, and the
result of the war was to leave the Navy ten times
more helpless than it had ever been before, so
far as any offensive or defensive warfare with
a foreign nation was concerned.
Senators, I am speaking earnestly, because
I am speaking from my heart. I was brought
up as a boy to love the reputation of the Amer-
ican Navy, and I know you ought all to love
if. Now, that the West and the Pacific
coast, are tied together to the Atlantic and to
the East, from hill to hill, from sea to sea, by
bonds of iron; now that the great civil war is
over, and we are once more a united, great, and
free people, if you want to develop American
commerce, if you want to settle all your for-
eign affairs aright, let the first step be to pass
a bill authorizing the building of., large num-
ber of first-class vessels. The money will not
be wasted; the money will not be thrown away.
It is perfect folly to talk as if in building up a
navy or any great work of that kind you are
throwing away your money. If gentlemen
will only look at the matter, they will not per-
mit, at least members of the Naval Committee
will not permit, with their consent,, the shame
that is before us to come upon us for want of
their being willing to make proper appropri-
ations.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey who has just,
taken his seat, and who is so efficient a mem-
ber of the Naval Committee, if he cau tell me
how much money in the last five years, over
