1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr; HANKS. Mr. Davis, of West Vir-
ginia, I know is very unwell. He has had
fever all night, and has a physician with him.
I move that he be excused.
- The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIRD. I desire to inquire whether my
colleague, Mr. Forker, has leave of absence ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that Mr. Forker has not obtained
leave of absence within the last few days.
Mr. BIRD. I move that Mr. Forker be
excused. He has been called home in con-
sequence of the death of his mother.
The motion was agreed, to.
Mr. McClelland. Mr., waddeli^ of
North Carolina, has been very unwell at times
during the last few weeks.' He stayed here
till late last night, and I sent for "him this
morning, but he sent me word that he was too
unwell to come. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. randall. I think this has not been
understood. Mr. Waddell for a month back
has been in bad health-
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
has negatived the motion to excuse Mr. Wad-
dei.l.
Mr. MOREY. My colleagues, Mr. Sypiier
and Mr. Sheldon, are both absent. If here,
Mr. Sypher, I presume, would vote " pres-
ent," and Mr. Sheldon would vote "ay."
Mr. SESSIONS. Tne condition of my col-
league, Mr. Segley, is well known to the
House. He had a paralytic attack last fall.
I move that he be excused.
The motion wa$ agreed to.
Mr. DUNNELL. I think the action of the-
House in the case of Mr. Kerr, of Indiana,
was taken without sufficient consideration. He
has been extremely unwell for some days, and
is not in a state of health to be here. I move
that he be excused.
TheSPEAKERproiemjpore. After the state-
ment of the genlleman from Minnesota, is
there objection to the proposition to excuse
Mr. Kerr, of Indiana. The Chair hears none,
and Mr. Kerr is excused.
Mr. McINTYRE. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Du Bose, be excused on the ground of
ill health.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LAMPORT. I desire to ask the
Speaker to present to the House my request
for leave of absence for two days for this
reason : I had an engagement with a gen-
tleman at Warrenton, Virginia, to meet him
there to-day at noon on the arrival of the cars,
expecting to be able to obtain leave of absence.
In order to keep that engagement, I must leave
on the seven o'clock train. My request for
two days' leave of absence is on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York, for the reasons he has
stated, asks leave of absence for two days.
There was no objection ; and leave was
granted.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I move that Mr.
Shellabarger be excused.
Mr. MANSON. I object to that.
Mr. PETERS. He is a very sick man.
Mr. MANSON. He wasiere this evening
and got us into all this trouble.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Foster, of Ohio ; and it, was disagreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The House all
know the condition of Mr. Wakeman. He
broke his leg some time since, and has had to
move about on crutches: He has been very
unwell, and I move that he be excused.
The <jtxestion was put; and Mr. Wakeman
was excused.
Mr; HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
'inquiry, and it is whether the Sergeant-at-
Arms has executed the order of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Excuses
having been heard, a list of members who are
absent without leave, and who haye not been
excused, is being prepared, and the Speaker
will then issue his warrant for the arrest of
members whp have been absent without leave.
Mr. THOMAS. I  sk that my colleague,
Mr. Cobb, be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the gentleman has leave of
absence granted by the House.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and Mr. Com was
not excused.
Mr. WILLARD. To my personal knowledge
Mr. Ambler, of Ohio, is quite ill. He was able
to be here yesterday but a short time, and I
move that he be excused.
The question was taken; and Mr. Ambler
was excused.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to move
that my colleague, Mr. Monroe, be excused,
and I will say to the House that he has a very
severe difficulty with his throat and does not
attend evening sessions at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. He cannot.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know per-
sonally that it is not safe for him to be out at
nights.
The question was taken; and Mr. Monroe
was excused.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to know whether
the order of the House is being executed at
this time.
The SPEAKER pro' tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms is waiting until the Clerk can prepare a
list of the absent members.
Mr. CONGER. If it is in order, I move that
while the Sergeant-at-Arms is discharging his
duties the House take a recess of ten minutes.
Mr. MOORE. That is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
compelled to state to the gentleman from
Michigan that there is no power in the House
to take a recess in the absence of a quorum.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GAltFJELD, of Ohio. I offer the res-
olution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
Mr. CONGER. We have backed and filled
all night long ; let us make a little progress
now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If you want to
make your call effective, you will pass that
resolution.
Mr. MOORE. I will hear it read, but I
reserve a point of order upon it.
The Clerk read Mr. Garfield's resolution,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Serpeant-at-Arms be instructed
to bring the members absent without leave before
the bar ol' the House at, half past eleven o'clock on
Saturday, May 25, and that they then be required
to show cause why they were absent from tho session
of the House without leave, and that they then and
there abide tho order of tho House.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting "forthwith" in lieu
of "half past eleven o'clock on Saturday,
May 25."
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point of order
that it is itself contrary to the rules.
Mr. SHANKS. There is objection to its
introduction.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As there
seems to be some doubt about the ruling of
the Chair upon the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] that the
House now take a recess, the Chair will read
the following from the rule of the House;
Nor ponding the c-ill of the House can a reccss
be taken, although a, quorum bo present, unless by
unanimous coiibeut."
The question now is upon the resolutiou
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us vote upon the reso-
lution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is only a ques-
tion whether we shall wait here perhaps three
or four hours for those delinquents or take a
recess and haye them brought here at an hour
named.
Mr. MOORE. Is the resolution of thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] before the
House? If so, J will move that it be laid on
the table.
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
having made the orderthatits Sergeant-at-Arms
shall bring forthwith to the bar of the House
such of its members as are absent without its
leave, the Chair is of opinion that a proposi-
tion to postpone the execution of that order
until half past eleven o'clock £|nd that the
House in the meantime take a recess requires
unanimous consent.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. SESSIONS. There are two members
of the Committee on Claims who have as yet
offered no reports. I move that while the Ser-
geant-at-Arms is serving his process they be
permitted to make their reports.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pending a
call of the House no business of that charac-
ter is in order.
Mr. HAWLEY. I have a resolution to offer
to which I think there will be no objection:
Mesolved, That the members present now pro-
ceed to draw for seats, and that no other or
further drawing shall bo pormittod during tho pres-
ent Congress.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ARCHER. Just let the absent mem-
bers know that, and they will be here quick
enough. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is out of order.
• Mr. ACKER. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the officers of tho Efouse not now
on duty in securing the roturn of tho absent mem-
bers be required to furnish tho meinbora remaining
in the Hall during the night with proper refresh-
ments.
[Laughter.] •
Mr. PETERS. Specify the kind of refresh-
ments.
The SPEAKER pro temport. The reso-
lution of the gentleman is not in order.
After some time,
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House and stated that in pursuance of the
order of the House he had in charge Mr.
Rice, of Kentucky.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Rice,
you have been absent from the House during
its session without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. PETERS. Do not fib now. [Laughter.]
Mr. RIC1S, of Kentucky. In the present
temper of the House I do not know that the
excuse I have to offer will avail me. I was
indisposed last night, and am in a very deli-
cate condition this morning, as all can see.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman does not look
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky. 1 feel very sick.
The bitter indisposition of yesterday and the
inclination to sleep last night kept me away
from the House.
Mr. PETERS. When do you suppose you
will feel better? [Laughter.]
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky. Not until I can
get away from here; that is certain.
Mr. COGHLAM. I move that the gentle-
man be excused.
Mr. SWANN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Rice] has stated that he was
indisposed. I wish to ask the gentleman,
before I vote on the motion to excuse him,
whether he was so much indisposed as to dis-
able him from coming here aud taking part
in the proceedings of this House? If he will
say that such was the case I will be in favor
of excusing him.
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky. If I ,am to be
placed on the witness stand, I would like to
make an additional statement. I had no idea
that this House was so intent upon work that
it would remain in session all night, At th©
