3860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
very earliest indication of tliat fact this morn-
ing I came here and reported for duty.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. What is the severest penalty that the
Constitution allows this House to inflict?
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Imovethatthe
gentleman from Kentucky be excused on pay-
ment of the usual fees.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the gentleman be passed.
[Laughter.]
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was agreed to.
Mr. TERRY. Mr. Speaker, 1 regret to see
a growing disposition on the part of the House
to treat its business with levity. I must say
that I do not sympathize at all with anything
of that kind. ' 1 regard it as rather a serious
inconvenience to be kept here all night in the
discharge of a public duty. Early in the night
I endeavored, so far as I was concerned, to
stop this proceeding; but I was unable to do
so. I voted for adjournment early in the night
on one of the first votes taken. But I have
been kept here by the willful design of some
and the neglect of others. I therefore desire
now to see the rules enforced in such a man-
ner as will prevent a repetition of what we
have had here to-night.
Mr. DICKEY. That is sensible.
Mr. SWANN. In addition to what has been
stated by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Terry,] I will state that 1 was arrested in my
bed to night by a deputy of the Sergeant-at-
Arrns, who informed me that there had been
an order for the return of all members who
were absent without, leave. I was indisposed,
and on that account I had left the House. 1
think gentlemen who know me will do me the
justice to say that I am m attendance here
pt/Hiaps more regularly than almost any other
gentleman upon this floor.
I came here, sir, in accordance with what I
believed to be the order of the House, under
an impression that I was to witness a grave
proceeding. Instead of that I have perceived
nothing but levity, a disposition to ridicule
the proceedings of the House on this occa-
sion. Now, Mr. Speaker, I think it is due to
the dignity of the House that if gentlemen
come here without reasonable excuse for their
absence the usual fine should be imposed.
When I asked just now of the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rice] whether he
•was really indisposed 1 asked it with an object;
I asked it because I meant to vote to excuse
that gentleman il he had been detained Irom
his place here by indisposition.
Sir, this whole proceeding has been turned
into a farce. Fifteen, twenty, or thirty gentle-
men, after having absented themselves from
their duties in this House, will come here
making one excuse or another, and you are
. bound to relieve them all. I do not see that
you can fine a single individual after your
action in this particular case. I say, there-
fore, that this whole proceeding is a farce;
and I say that great injustice was done to me
as an individual when 1 was taken out of my
bed in a state of indisposition, and biought
here to witness such proceedings as we have
witnessed here. I protest against it.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would like to inquire
what time the gentleman came into the Hall.
Mr. MOllEY. And how he came to be in
bed.
Mr. HAWLEY. It does not lie in the
mouth of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Swanx] to find fault with the action of the
House, when he did not come here till a call
had been twice ordered.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order,
that this .House is not in session to receive lee-
tureslrom those who are brought here as delin-
quents by the Sergeant,-at-Arms.
Mr. SWANN. I will say to my friend that
1 am not delivering any "lecture." I am
merely urging that the rules of the House
should be observed.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point that those
of us who have served here from sundown to
sunrise, and into broad daylight, are not to be
reproached by those who have been absent in
neglect of their duty.
Mr. SWANN. I have no desire to make
any reproach whatever, to east any reproach
upon the gentleman or anybody else; bat I
s'ate I have been taken from my bed. I was
indisposed when I left here, and I am too
much indisposed to be here now; and there-
fore when I witnessed the farce -which I have
witnessed since I have been here, when I saw
the want of dignity that existed, gentlemen
must permit me to say that all that has taken
place during these proceedings I feel as a Rep-
resentative ofthe American people I amtound
to protest against most solemnly, as I do. I
mean no reflection on any gentleman of the
House. I do say the rules of the House ought
to be observed and executed so that the dig-
nity of the House may be preserved.
Mr. MERRIAM. In order to satisfy the
gentleman from Maryland I propose to offer
the following resolution :
Resolved, That the members of this House derelict
of duty and who were arrested at midnight shall
receive the same punishment as those now under
order of arrest.
Mr. SWANN. I am perfectly willing to
submit to the power of the House, i am
sorry the gentleman from New York disre-
garded the statement I made here that I was
indisposed. I left, this House, as my friend
from Delaware [Mr. Biggs] knows, in a state
of indisposition, unable to remain longer.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a point of order,
that, debate is out of order.
Mr. SWANN. If ihe gentleman thinks
proper to censure me, he can do so.
Mr. MERRIAM. I do not mean to censure
you.
Mr. SWANN. It looks very much in that
way.
Mr. DICKEY. And other members called
to order.
The SPEAKEltpro tempore. The Chairisnot
unmindful the House has been in session all
night long, and lie is not unmindful on such
occasions as this, when there is no busi
ness before the House, by unanimous con-
sent members are indulged in a license which
does not prevail on ordinary occasions. If
gentlemen insist, that the dignity of the House
shall be preserved they must take their seats
and keep them until there is business to be
transacted.
Mr. DICKEY, 1 move that all delinquents
be fined ten dollars unless excused by the
House. I do this tor the purpose of not mak-
ing an invidious discrimination against any
one particular member. I move that every
man who is brought, before the House be fined
ten dollars unless he is excused.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I raise the point
of order that we must attend to each case as it
come3 up.
Mr, RANDALL. I desire, in reply to what
has already been said, to remark that I have
been during my congressional career a witness
to many such scenes as have occurred to-night,
but I have never known better humor or better
decorum than during the whole period from
eleven o'clock last night until a short tune
ago. There was good nature from the begin-
ning to the end. While there was a determ-
ined will on both sides not to yield to each
other, there was not, so far as my knowledge
extends, a single unkind word passed between
mem bers.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.]
Mr. BIRD. That is not in order ; no man
can be fined until produced at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and rules the reso-
tion out of order.
Mr. PERCE. I should like to ask the Chair
whether it is not in order to move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in
order.
Mr. PERCE. I do not care to make the
motion myself, but only ask for information.
Mr. SNAPP. I move to take a recess.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There being
now a quorum of the House, it is competent for
the House t,o take a recess by unanimous con-
sent. Without a quorum it could not be done
at all.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. SNAPP, (at six o'clock and twenty-
five minutes a. m.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. There being a quorum present
in the House now, is it competent, for the
House by unanimous consent to fix an hour
to-morrow, or on any other day, when the
pending measure shall he disposed of without
dilatory motions, and without being interfered
with by reports of conference committees?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
makes answer to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that it would be in order for the
House to dispense with further proceedings
under the call, and then, a quorum being
present, to take any proceedings they may
see fit.
Mr. PETERS. Within the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. But if, be-
tween dispensing with the pioceedings under
the call of the House and pioceedirig to take
action on the pending bill, gentlemen should
absent themselves so as to leave the House
without a quorum, the same difficulty would
be again experienced as has already arisen.
Mr. HOAR. I desire further to inquire of
the Chair if there is any rule which provides
that proceedings under a call cannot be modi-
fied by unanimous consent, so that, without
dispensing with the proceedings under the
call, unanimous consent might be given to
such a proposition as I have suggested.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
having suspended its business and ordered a
call ofthe House, and having determined that
absentees shall be brought in by the Sergeant-
at-Arms, must finish that business beloie it
proceeds to other business, or must dispense
with that business if it sees fit to do so. Then,
a quorum being present, the pending business
will he the question on the passage of the bill
which has been reported by the Committee of
Claims. Of course on thatquestion the House
can then take any action under the rules that
it pleases.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry. Would it now
be in order to proceed to finish the call ofthe
Committee of Claims for reports?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not,
wiihout unanimous consent.
Mr. FOSTKR, ofPennsylvania, I suppose
there would be no objection.
Objection was made.
Ihe SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
had supposed that it could not be done at ail ;
but he finds one case, and one only, in which,
when a call of the House was being enforced
and it was proposed to proceed to business,
the Speaker held that the House might pro-
ceed to business by unanimous consent. But,
without that ease belore hun, the Chair would
have supposed that no business could b«
done during a call of the House even by uuan
imous consent.
Mr. SNAPP. I desire to make a parlia
mentary inquiry. If we do not adjourn 1
would like to know how we are to get our
breakfast? [Laughter.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
and stated that pursuant to the order of the
