276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
reported in the Globe. I find him reported as
saying yesterday, "I shall vote for the bill as
it is, but I desire to say that I do not like its
form."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks that debate is not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The agreement is up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to know what
the amendment is. What is stricken out by
that motion ?
Several Senators. All the exceptions.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 4, nays 5o ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Edmunds, Flanagan,
and Wilson—-4.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames. Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Boreman, Buckingham. Caldwell, Carpenter,
Casserly, Clayton, Cockling, Cooper, Corbett. Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin. Hill,
Hitchcock, llowe, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norwood,Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, "West, and Win-
dom—55.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Cra-
jrin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas. Harlan, Osborn,
Pool, Ranjlgy, Sprague, Stockton, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the word "removed,"
in line nine of the first section:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
relate back to or validate the election or appoint-
ment of any person to the position of Senator or
Representative in Congress, or to any office civil or
military under the United States, which person was
at the date of sueh election or appointment ineli-
fible to the office or position to which he may have
een so elected or appointed.
The object of this amendment is to exclude
from the benefit of this bill any man who has
consented to be elected or has procured him-
self to be elected to an office in defiance of
the fourteenth amendment, any man who while
resting under the disabilities of that amend-
ment and in defiance of it has attempted to
obtain office. It is also intended that we shall
defeat the purpose of those who have defied
that amendment by knowingly electing or pro-
curing the election of those who are disquali-
fied by the Constitution of the United States.
If there be such persons who have thus acted
in defiance of the Constitution, who have set
at naught a solemn amendment adopted by
the people of the United States, they ought not
under any consideration to be entitled to the
benefit of this bill. They have no right to it in
point of justice: but, on the contrary, having
shown a disregard of the law, having willfully
defied the Constitution of the United States,
they are not proper persons afterward to hold
office under it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a new treason.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I therefore hope
that this amendment will be adopted, if it
should not be, (his bill ought not to pass. This
bill ought not to have the effect to legislate men
into Congress or to legislate men into the en-
joyment of office, of influence, and of power,
who have acted in open defiance and contempt
of the Constitution.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to inquire if that
is not precisely the same amendment that was
voted down?
Mr. MORTON. There has been some slight
change.
The PRESIDBNTprs tempore. The Chair
is advised that it is not the same amendment,
although similar.
Mr. THURMAN. Wherein does the dif-
ference consist ?
Mr. CONKL1NG. It is different m language.
It is the same idea, but it is more guardedr
Mr. SILL, It is, in substance, the same
thing.
Mr. THURMAN. We see now where this
rule is. There is not one particle of founda-
tion for the remarks of the Senator from Indi-
ana 
Mr. MORTON. Is that in order?
Mr. CONKLING. That is in violation of
the understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas.and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlix.] who was obliged to leave ihe
Senate Chamber, not feeling well, asked me to
pair with him, which I did. If he were here he
would vote "yea." and I should vote " nay."
Mr. VICKERS. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lax.] He would vote "yea," and I should
vote "nay."
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to state that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is
paired with the Senator from Michigan, [Sir.
Chandler.] If the Senator from New Jer-
sey were present he would vote "nay," and
the Senator from Michigan would vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 2G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkiing,
Corbett. Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton. Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Wil-
son. and Wmdom—29.
NATS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Mary-
land. Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Norwood, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Cragin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Kellogg, Osborn, Sawyer, Sprague, Stock-
ton, Tburman, Viekers, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose an amendment
to remove a doubt I have in my mind. I de-
sire to vote for this bill; but I am a little afraid
that the language of the bill as it stands will be
so broad as to relieve parties benefited by it
from other disabilities than those imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment. I move, therefore, in the third and
fourth line3 of the first section to strike out the
words " all legal and," and to insert the word
" theso as to make the bill read :
That the disabilities imposed by the third section
of the fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, ifcc.
The answer to my doubt would be suggested
to every one, that these words "legal and
political disabilities" are limited to those im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
amendment. I am not sure but that the third
section of the amendment might exhaust itself
upon the word political," leaving these men
to be relieved from legal disabilities not em-
braced in the third section of the amendment.
If so, it would authorize them to sue foe dam-
ages for injury to property by the Government
of the United States, and open the door to con-
troversies and litigations without end. In a
law so important as this. I desire to avoid all
possible misconstruction; and as this bill has
now been amended by the vote of the Senate,
I trust that the words "all legal and" may be
stricken out. They are of no use whatever,
because the only disabilities imposed by the
third clause of the fourteenth amendment are
political disabilities. These words, therefore,
have no sense or meaning here. They are
simply words, without adding any strength to
the phrase, and yet creating a doubt in my
mind : it is true, not a very strong doubt, but
it is a doubt that, causes me to hesitate about
voting for this bill. I certainly would not vote
for this bill if it authorized these persona not
only to hold office, but to sue in the Court of
Claims and other courts of justice and opened
the door to a multitude of other litigations.
Aa these words now have no useful purpose, I
! trust they will be stricken out. The argument
■ of my colleague last night, that this bill ought
! to be passed before the holidays, is now out
! of view, and therefore we may as well look at
I the question simply as a practical question of
| legislation.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have an
i amendment reaching to the same object, but in
i a different way, which I will yropo.-c as an
amendment to the amendment, and it may
possibly be accepted by the Senator from Ohio,
It is to insert on line eight after the word
"thereof" the words "excepting in courts of
law or justice." 1 am anxious to vote for this
bill if some of the objections can be removed,
and I cannot doubt that the friends of the bill
are endangering it by resisting all amend-
ments. It seems to me impose.b'.e that this
bill can be carried by the requisite two-thirds
majority unless its friends will consent to have
some proper amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's amend-
ment would leave the claims commission and
a multitude of other tribunals opeD.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is not the
claims tribunal a tribunal of law?
Mr, SHERMAN. No, sir. I think striking
out the useless words I have named will cover
the whole thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not
tenacious about the form, but I really think
an amendment of this sort should be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as the b ll has
been amended, and is likely to be amended
still further, and these amendments need ex-
planation, shall I be violating the under-
standing if I move for an executive session?
If I could have unanimous consent, I would
move an executive session.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Let us go on with the
bill.
Mr. NYE. We had better adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
it reported. Let us vote on it.
The Chief Clerk. In the third and fourth
lines it is proposed to strike out the words
"all legal and" and to insert the word
"the;" so as to read, "that the political dis-
abilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article." &c.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I move to amend that
by striking out the word "political," so as to
read, "that all disabilities imposed by the
third section," leaving out the worJ.s " leg-il "
and "polit'cal" both. I make this motion,
on which, 1 suppose, I am entitled to the floor
for a moment, with a view of making a .state-
ment to the Senate. This bid n now, as I
understand, in Committee of the Whole. Am
I correct?
The i'iKESIDRNTpro tempore. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a violation of the
understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When I move an amend-
ment ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tf the purpose is to get
a chance to make a speech, it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a proper amend-
ment, any way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to this.
I on!v wish that we shall all underMaml it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill, ns I under-
stand, is now in Committee of the Whole. Am
I correct?
The PRESIDENT j>rv tempore. It is in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. [ wish then to say to
the friends of the bill that we shall have another
vote when we come into Senate on the amend-
ment, of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. MoR-
ton.]
Mr. SUMNER. There will also be another
vote on my amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And on the amendment
of the .Senator from Massachusetts. If there
