1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. BANES. This is nota proposition, Mr.
Chairman, to compliment Russia. It is a prop-
osition to recognize her in the same way as
we recognize other Governments of the same
character. That is all. But I wish to say, in
reference especially to what has fallen from
the gentleman from New York, that I approve
entirely the recent action of our^ Government
with regard to the Russian minister. It has
my cordial approval. We sent him out of
the country because his conduct was justly
offensive to our Government and our people ;
that was a matter of justice for us ; and now,
when the question occurs as to the character
of a diplomatic representative in_ Russia, we
make it correspond with that of other nations,
for the same reason, as a matter of justice.
Sir, that has nothing to do with recent per-
sonal troubles at all; on the contrary, the
i'act that such personal and uupleasant diffi-
culties have occurred makes this proposed act
of'justice the more proper and the more satis-
factory.
Now, one word in reference to the statement
in regard to despotism. There is no country
in Europe, and scarcely any upon the globe,
which has made more rapid progress in what
we call civilization, and adopted so many
liberal measures within the last few years as
Russia. So far as friendship with her is con-
cerned, although we have nothing to fear, and
no reason to rely upon or seek her protection,
it is enongh for us to know that in the last
twenty years we have seen the same European
nations struggling in tho Crimea to cripple
the power of Russia that we afterward saw in
Mexico seeking to destroy the United States.
[Cries of "Vote!" "Vote!"] Yes, letushave
a vote, an affirmative, and if possible, a unani-
mous vote.
The question was put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Banks ; and there were—ayes
107, noes 25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the Clerk be au-
thorized to correct the amounts so as to make
them correspond with the amendment adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done with-
out any motion.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salary of tho interpreter to the legation to
Japan, $2,500.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It seems to
me that that is a mistake. It provides for the
salary of interpreter to the legation at Japan,
and the same thing is provided for in another
part of the bill.
Mr. BANKS. If the proposition is to raise
the salary of this officer I think I must object,
because all these matters are to come before
the House in a sepaiate bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 have not
moved to increase the salary, but I think that
there is a mistake in the bill, and that there
are two interpreters provided for for this mis-
sion to Japan.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We will look
into the matter, and correct it if it be so.
The Clerk read as follows :
For compensation of agonts appointed by the
President to examine consular accounts, as author-
ized by tho second section of the act approved July
U, 1870, 810,000.
Mr. SWANN. I move to amend that clause
by adding to it the following :
And from and after the close of the present fiscal
year said appropriation shall cease, and all acts
a.nd parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby
repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think there
is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Aix-la-Chapolie, Acnpnleo, Algiers, Amoy, Am-
sterdam, Antwerp, Aspimvail. Bangkok. Basle, Bel-
fast, Buenos Ayres, Bordeaux, Bremen, Bnndisi,
iioulogae, Barcelona, (Jadiz, Callao, Canton, Chem-
nitz. ChinKian^.CliHon.Coaticook, Cork, Demerara,
Dundee, Eismore, I?ort Erie, Foo-Choo, Funchal,
Geneva, Geaioa, Gibraltar, Glasgow, Goderich, Hali-
fax, Hamburg, Havre, Honolulu. Hong Kong, II.'in-
ltow, Hakodadi, Jerusalem, Kanagawa, Kingston,
(Jamaica,) Kingston, (Canada,) La KocnoUe, La-
guayra, Leeds, Leghorn,Leipsic, Lisbon, Liverpool,
Lyons, Malaga, Malta, Manchester, Matanzns, Mar-
seilles, Mauritius, Melbourne, Messina, Munich
Mahe, Nagasaki, Naples, Nassau, (West Indies,)
Newcastle, Niee, Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Osacca,
Palermo, Panama, Pern ambuco, Pictou.PortMahon,
Port Said, Prescott, Prince Edward Island, Quebec,
Kio de Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Juan del Sur, San
Juan, (Porto Rico.) St. John's (Canada East,)
Santiago de Cuba, Port Sarnia, Rome, Singapore,
Smyrna, Southampton, St. Petersburg, Santa Cruz,
(West Indies,) St. Thomas, Spezzia, Stuttgardt,
Swatow, St, Helena, Tangier, Toronto, Trieste,
Trinidad de Cuba, Tripoli, Tunis, Tunstall, Turk's
Island, Valparaiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Valencia,
Windsor, Zurich, Birmingham, Barmen, and Winne-
peg, (Selkirk settlement, British North America.)
Mr. BANKS. The House has agreed that
the consulate at Tsien Tsin shall be fixed at a
salary of $3,000. I move to insert "Tsien
Tsin'' in the proper place in that paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When did the
House agree to do that?
Mr. BANKS. By the passage of a bill
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That bill has
not passed the other branch of Congress, but
however I will not object to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
IV. COMMERCIAL AGENCIES.
Schedule C.
Amoor river, Apia, Gaboon, St. Paul de Loando
Lanthala, Sabanilla.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move pro
forma to strike out that clause, for the pur-
pose of saying that I trust there will be an
immediate revision of some of these consul-
ates. To my own knowledge some of these
consuls do not receive enough to live decently,
and the temptation is irresistable to make false
invoices.
Mr. BANKS. There is to be a bill re-
ported shortly to the House revising the whole
matter.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It ought to
be done.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs give us
some idea when we may expect that bill to
be reported ? I have heard of it for some
years, and the law still stands as it was.
Mr. BANKS. The Secretary of State has
sent to a committee of the Senate the informa-
tion desired by the committees of the two
Houses, and there is no doubt that the bill
will soon be reported.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
V. COMMERCIAL AGENCIES.
Schedule B.
Madagascar, San Juan del Norte, Saint Domingo.
For interpreter to tho consulates in China, Japan,
Siam, and Turkey, including loss by exchange, $7,500.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
For expenses incurred by the consul general and
the consuls of the United States, at the portsof China,
in making the legal examination of proposed em-
igrants to the United States, directed to be made by
tho fourth section of the act of Congress approved
February 19, 1802, $10,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the
point of order that that amendment proposes
new legislation, and is therefore not in order
on an appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. It is not new legislation;
it simply makes an appropriation to carry out
existing law.
Mr. COGHLAN. It is an appropriation
called for by existing law. I refer the chair-
man to section four of an act of Congress
approved February 19, 1802.
The CHAIRMAN. It seems to be provided
for by law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is clearly a
claim, and not an appropriation called for by
law.
Mr. SARGENT._ I insist it is not a claim,
but simply a provision whereby next year a
law of Congress can be carried out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair for the pres-
ent will rule that the amendment is in order.
Mr. COGHLAN. I call attention to the act
itself which calls fortius appropriation which
act was approved February 19, 1862. That
act directs positively that the consuls and ihe
consul general of the United States in China
shall make a personal examination of the pro-
posed emigrants to the United States in order
to ascertain whether they are slaves or not._ I
have offered this amendment at the suggestion
of the consul of the United States at the port
of Hong Kong, in China. And in the few
moments allowed me in which to show the
reasons why this House should adopt this
amendment, I believe 1 cannot make a stronger
argument than the dispatch of Mr. Bailey, our
consul at Hong Kong, to Mr. Davis, the Assist-
ant Secretary of St^te, which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Clerk began the reading of the letter,
as follows:
United States Consulate,
Hong Kong-, April 25,1871.
Sir: The subject of Chinese emigration from this
port to the United States has claimed my careful
thought and patient investigation for tho last four
months, with a view to get at tho facts, and to un-
derstand it in its surroundings and bearings. Tho
whole subject is an anomaly. Rules that will do
elsewhere in the world, when applied in consider-
ing questions of immigration, have no application
to Chinese immigration to the United States. Im-
migrants to America from other parts of the world
go of their own volition, free and voluntary. Emi-
gration from China to all parts of the world is an
organized business or trade, in which men of large
capital and hongs of great wealth engage as a regu-
lar traffic, by which men are bought and sold for so
much per head, precisely as a piece of merchandise
is handled, at its market value. The poor laborer
of Europe applies his own scanty means to get to the
land of promise, or is assisted by his friends, chari-
table societies, or benevolent institutions, to reach
a place where he hopes to have his toil properly
requited, where his labor will inure to his own ben-
efit. The cooly of China is bought by the rich trader
to serve his purchaser at low wages for a series of
year3 in a foreign country, under contract for tho
faithful performance of which in many instances he
gives a mortgage on his wife and children, with a
stipulation that at the end of his term of service he
is to be brought back to China by his purchaser.
This contract is sold by the dealer through his
agents in the United States and elsewhere at a large
advance, and is a source of greatprofit to capitalists
who have the means to buy and sell large numbers
of men. This contract, in the United States, is no
doubt null and void, but nevertheless the cooly will
comply strictly with all its terms, a copy of which
in Chinese characters is always in his possession, and
this he will do because hispurchaser holds his house-
hold lares in the land to which he always hopes and
expects to return, in pledge for the faithful perform-
ance of his bonds. The central idea of aChinaman's
religion, if he has any religion at all, is that of the
worship of the tombs of his ancestors. The super-
stitions of l^ung-Shusy dominate him wherever he
may be in the world. The subtle mysticisms of
China which so strangely govern all its people in
their social, political, and quasi religious life, are as
a hook in his nose, by which his purchaser controls
him at all times and in all places; and thus this rela-
tion of master and quasi slave, no matter how many
miles apart, is welded by the mystical links of reli-
gious superstitions, family ties, and rights of ances-
tral tombs, which control and regulate the recipro-
cal duties of trader and cooly in the home land.
The means of obtaining coolies are as various as
tho ingenuity of man can devise, and are as corrupt
as*£he incentive to large gains can stimulate and
invent. Men and boys are decoyed by all sorts of
tricks, opiates, and illusory promises, into the haunts
of the traders. Once in the clutches of these men-
dealers, by a system of treachery and terrorism, con-
nived at by the local Chinese authorities, whoso
chief business in life is to " squeeze " the people, tho
stupefied cooly is overawed into making a contract
under such Chinese influences and surroundings as
give it a sacredness of character nowhere else known
in the world. From that moment he is the mere
tool of the rich dealer wherever he may go. It is
difficult for persons accustomed to western civiliza-
tion to understand thedepth and extent of this rela-
tionship, but Chinese civilization is unique, perhaps
opaque, and cannot be measured by that of any
other.
The above is a mere outline of the system, and is
the general rule that controls Chinese emigration.
Contact with American ideas and the spirit of Ameri-
can law has, in some measure, modified the rule as
applied to Chinese emigrants going to the United
States, so that there is in reality free and voluntary
emigration; but it is so surrounded, mixed up, and
tainted with the virus of the cooly trade, as to re-
quire the utmost vigilance and scrutiny to separate
the legitimate lrom the illegitimate cmigiulion.
I am charged under the law with tho duty of giv-
ing to every American vessel leaving this port with
Chinese emigrants a permit or certificate setting
forth the fact that each person is a fre? and volun-
