1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3861
House he had arrested and had now at the bar
of the House Mr. Sloss of Alabama, and Mr.
Speer of Georgia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Sloss
the Sergeant-at-Arras, in pursuance of the
order of the House, has arrested you and
brought you to its bar for being absent from
the sittings of the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. SLOSS. 1 have been quite unwell for
several days, and was so unwell last nightthat
I had to leave the. House.
Mr. HAMLBETON. The gentleman stated
to me that he was indisposed before he left
the House. ' „
Mr. DOX. I move that Mr. Sloss be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Speer
the Sergeant-at-Arms, in pursuance of the
order of the House, has arrested you and
brought you to its bar for being absent from
the sittings of the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. 1 remained here
last nigbt until half past ten o'clock. I have
not been absent from a single day session
since I have been a member of the House.
Last night I was physically unfit to remain.
There are members on this floor, Mr. McCor-
mick of Missouri, and Mr. Darrall of Louis-
iana, to whom yesterday I mentioned that I
was unwell, that I was suffering from rheuma-
tism and liver complaint. It lacked only ten
minutes of eleven when 1 left the House last
night. Had I not been so unwell I would
have remained all night, for I like fun myself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PERCE. I move that he be excused.
Mr. MOREY. I move that he be taken to
the bastile, to be removed therefrom on his
own motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
declines to entertain the motion of the gentle-
man from Louisiaua.
The question was put on Mr. Perce's mo-
tion, and Mr. Speer, of Georgia, was excused.
After abrief interval the Sergeant-at-Arms
appeared at the bar of the House and an-
nounced that in pursuance of the order of
the House he had arrested and had at the bar
of ihe House Mr. Rice, of Illinois.
The SPEAKERprotempore. Mr. Rice, you
have been absent from the sessions of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. The simple state-
ment I have to make is that I remained here
during the evening session up to about the
usual hour of adjournment, when, anticipating
a speedy adjournment, I went to my hotel and
did not know until this morning that the House
had continued its session. 1 presented myself
here voluntarily, and did not know until now
that I had been arrested. I learned early this
morning that the House was still in session,
and I immediately rose and came up here. 1
acted in the best lights before me.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I move
that the gentleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Afier another interval the Sergeant-at-Arms
appeared at the bar and announced that in pur-
suance of the order of the House he had arrested
and had at the bar of the House Mr. Tuthill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Tcthill,
you have been absent from the sessions of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. TU THILL. I was in the House till
about halt past ten o'clock, and then, not feel-
ing well, I went home and went, to bed. I
have no other excuse.
Mr. MANSON. I move that the gentle-
man be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
After another interval the Sergeant-at-Arms
appeared at the bar and announced that in
pursuance of the order of the House he had
arrested and had at the bar of the House Mr.
Winchester.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Win-
chester, you have been absent from the ses-
sions of the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. WINCHESTER. I have been detained
from the House the past two days by sickness
in my family. I came to the House last even-
ing and remained a few moments. I under-
stood'no business was to be transacted except
reports from the Committee of Claims, and I
returned to my room.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I move that
the gentleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EAMES. I have been here all night,
and I ask leave of absence until eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
having directed a call of the House and ordered
the doors to be closed, leave of absence can-
not be granted to any member of the House
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
rooms next to me, and 1 can say truly that I
believe him to be much more unwell than
many of those whom we have excused. He
has been unwell for the last week.
Mr. EAMES. I do not put it on that
giound, but I have been here all night and
I now desire to be excused.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the
motion by including Mr. Sawyer and myself.
[Laughter.]
Ihe SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will submit that as a separate request. Is
there objection to excusing the gentleman
from Rhode island, Mr. Eames?
Mr. CONGER. I object. The gentleman
says he does not ask it on the ground of ill
health, and I do not think he has suffered any
more by his detention here than all the rest
have.
Mr. EAMES. 1 think I have.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there
objection to granting leave of absence to the
gentleman fiom Maine, Mr. Peters, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Sawyer, for
the remainder of the day?
Several members objected.
After some further time,
The Sergeant at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House having in charge Mr. Herndon,
of Texas.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hern-
don, you have been arrested by the Sergeant-
at-Arms by direction of the House for being
absent from its session wilhout its leave.
What excuse have yon to offer?
Mr. HERNDON. I have no excuse except
that I felt very unwell last evening, and for
that reason I did not attend at the evening
session. At eleven o'clock I was informed by
a gentleman who had been here ihat probably
the House would adjourn in a few minutes,
and therefore I did not come up here. That is
the only excuse I have to offer.
Mr. SAWYER. Imove that the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Herndon] be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there
objection to excusing the gentleman from
Texas ?
Mr. CREBS. I object.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to excuse Mr. Herndon, and it was agreed
to, upon a division—ayes 35, noes 25.
At seven o'clock a. m.
Mr. EAMES moved to dispense with all
further proceedings under the call ordered by
the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at, the bar
of the House, having in charge Mr. Peck, of
Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Peck,
you have been arrested by the Sergeant-at-
Arms and brought to the bar of the House by
its order for being absent without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. PECK'. I was here a reasonable time
last night. 1 thought the machine was running
very well, and that they could do without me ;
1 therefore went home.
Mr. DICKEY. That is the best excuse I
have yet heard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that the
gentleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PECK. I must say that I would rather
have paid the fine than to have been taken from
my room.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House having in charge Mr. Poland,
of Vermont.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Poland,
the Sergeant-at-Arms, by direction of the
House, has arrested you and brought you to
its bar for being absent from, its session with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. POLAND. 1 remained here very
patiently and diligently until live o'clock this
morning, and after having ascertained that
there was a quorum present 
Mr. DICKEY. And run the blockade
twice. [Laughter.]
Mr. POLAND. I supposed there would be
no farther necessity for my attendance, and
being in quite iniirm health i took the liberty
to retire.
Mr. GOODRICH. I move that the excuse
of the gentleman be received as sufficient.
Mr. SHANKS. If 1 am not mistaken this
is an old offender. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRIGHT. As the gentleman seems to
be an honest one, 1 beg leave to say that he
should be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
takes leave to suggest that if all the other mem-
bers of the House had acted upon the same
principle, there would have been no House
present at this time.
The question was taken upon the motion to
excuse Mr. Poland; and upon a division there
were—ayes 54, noes 17.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, said : 1 ask for
tellers, so that we may see how large a num-
ber of members are in attendance.
Tellers were not ordered, there being nine-
teen in the affirmative, (notone fifth of a quo-
rum.)
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] has been
excused, and will resume his seat.
Mr. DICKEY. And 1 hope he will remain
now. [Laughter.]
At ten minutes past seven o'clock a. m.,
Mr. SNAPP moved that the House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. DICKEY. That is not in order, unless
there is a quorum present.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia.
rum here.
Mr. DICKEY. That has
tairied yet.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia.
motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move that all further
proceedings touching the absentees from this
House be postponed until half past ten
o'clock, to the end that the House may pro-
ceed to vote upon the pending bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] moves to post-
pone further proceedings under this call, to
the end that the House, having relieved itself
of the call, mav piuceed to take up the bill
which whs pending before the call was ordered.
Mr. CONGER. 1 raise the point that the
motion is not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that it is in
order ; that it has been done more than ones
There is a quo-
not been ascer-
I withdraw my
