1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
tary emigrant, but that the same shall not be given
until I am first personally satisfied by evidence pro-
duced of the truth of the facts therein contained.
I find among my consular duties prescribed by the
consular regulations of 1868, that 1 am—
'"To repress and discourage by all proper means
the traffic in laborers usually called the eoolie
trade.' It is fully expected that they (consular
officers) will carefully see that its provisions (aet of
February 19,1S02,) are strictly observed, The Sec-
retary of State in his circular of January 17, 1867,
says: 'You are consequently directed to make use
of all the authority, power, and influence at your
command toward preventing and discouraging the
carrying on of the traffic referred to in any way.' "
In the consular regulations of 1870, concerning the
act of February 19,1862.1 find the following instruc-
tions :
"Consuls will be rigid in exacting a compliance
with these provisions."
I have made the above recapitulation to show the
Secretary of State the stand-point from which lam
viewing the subject, and the lights that are guiding
me in the course I am pursuing; and to ask, if I am
taking too serious a view of the matter, for such
further instructions as the better judgment of the
Secretary may think proper and advisable.
In consideration of the foregoing, the first ques-
tion that arises is, how shall 1 perform the duties
devolving upon me in in this matter ? 'The number
of emigrants is so largo a,s to make it impossible for
me to examine each person, and in addition attend
to the various and arduous duties of this consulate.
I must, therefore, either abandon the execution of
the law as an idle form, or I must appoint acorps of
assistants, sufficient in number, in integrity, and
sagacity, lo make the examination a rigid and faith-
ful compliance with the letter and spirit, of the law.
Heretofore, I am free to say, from all I have been
able to learn, the whole proceeding in this regard
has been a complete farce.
I have not the means to pay for these assistants,
for my salary is hardly sufficient to support me in
the plainest and most economical manner possible
fer me to adopt. Therefore I must allow these as-
sistants to charge a fee such as will makoreasonablo
compensation for their services, labor, and expenses
in and about the matter. I can procure men of small
capacity, and less integrity, to undertake the task
for a mere trifle; but this would make an expense
without any good in return, for such an examination
would be neither thorough nor reliable. The only
safe rule is to put the matter in charge of first-class
men, and allow them to collect such tees as shall be
reasonable compensation for their services. Even
this plan, which seems to me at present to be the
best, is not satisfactory to my mind, lor the reason
that it will necessarily involve an expense that may
bo the subject of irritation; but I do not know what
better to do than to try it, and by carefully watching
reduce it, as experience may suggest, to the lowest
possible cost.
While the law, my instructions, and the con-
dition of affairs here are as at present, I deem this
examination by assistants as indispensable, and the
necessary oxpenses must follow it, unless the law
and the facts are to be ignored, and investigation
abandoned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now renew
my point of order, that this amendment pro-
poses new legislation, and is therefore out of
order on an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has exam-
ined the law, and does not find any authority
for this proposed appropriation.
Mr. COGHLAN. I have the section of the
law here, and will read it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has read the
law. It prescribes additional duties; for con-
suls in China, but gives no authority for the
incurring of any additional expense or the
payment of any money. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
The Clerk read the following :
For stationery, book-cases, arms of the United
States, seals, presses, and flags, and paymentof rent,
freight, postage, and miscellaneous expenses, includ-
ing loss by exchange thereon, $65,000.
Mr. SHELLABARGEIi. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by adding thereto the
following:
Provided, That none of the moneys hereby appro-
priated shall be expended for supplying any of
the books published by the Government, and usually
known by the name of " public documents," to the
legations and consulates of the United States, ex-
cept such as shall have been iirst designated by the
Secretary of State, by awriting to be recorded in the
State Department, as suitable for and required by
the legations and consulates to which they shall be
supplied.
I hope there will be no objection to the
adoption of this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will modify his amendment so as to
make this provision absolute, and not merely
applicable to the moneys appropriated by this
bill, as the amendment now stands.
_ Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have no objec-
tion to that. 1 wish to make a brief statement
to the committee in regard to this matter. Tb ere
have been sent, heretofore, to the various
legations, and to a great extent, perhaps, to the
consulates also, large boxes of books of pub-
lic documents, at very great expense where
the legation or consulate is very remote from
the United States. The cost of transportation
has been very considerableindeed,asI happen
to know, from personal observation in part,
and also from information derived from our
various ministers and consuls in foreign coun-
tries. These books have added very largely
to the cost of our foreign service, not only on
account of the cost of transportation, but also
on account of the expense of providing for
their care in the way of book-cases and in the
matter of their transfer from place to place in
the cities where our legations and consulates
are located. In all those places great expense
is constantly incurred by our Government
on this account. So worthless are thesQ books
that at least sometimes, and I think often,
they lie in the custom-house uncalled for after
they have reached their destination. I think
there will be no objection to this amendment.
I want to add a remark in regard to another
matter still, and one having a more important
bearing upon this question. I refer to the
matter of libraries for our legations; and I
wish I could attract the attention of the House
to this subject. Every gentleman of intelli-
gence will at once recognize the fact that
libraries having proper relations to diplomatic
affairs are of indispensable importance to every
legation. This fact is recognized by every
Government, so far as I know, in the world
except our own. At no legation of which I
have information, except those of the United
States, is there a failure to provide suitable
text-books for the use of the minister. Now,
consider the matter for a moment. The
minister is called upon, wherever the legation
has any business at all, to decide upon matters
of international law of the most delicate and
important character. He is compelled to make
such decisions, and base upon them important
international action. These decisions, there-
fore, are of the utmost delicacy and import
ance. They must be in accordance with the
public law of the world. A mistake in these
matters is a disaster. But, sir, it is one of the
misfortunes, nay, it is one of the shames of our
country that we have not provided libraries for
a large proportion—perhaps I ought to say for
any portion—of our legations. Why, sir, $300
will buy the text-books that are indespensable
for each legation. For the money which it
costs to send abroad these boxes of worthless
public documents—literally not worth their
weight in rags—we could supply our legations
with the indispensable text-books Of the law.
At present our ministers have to borrow these
text-books from other legations. Day by day
and year by year this Republic places its own
legations in this humiliating position. I know
of legation after legation that has not even a
respectable edition of Wheaton's International
Law, that is not supplied even with anything
better than the first edition ; and some of them
have not even that. Yet, for the purpose of
sending to our legations these worthless boxes
of documents we are spending thousands and
tens of thousands of dollars, while we compel
our ministers to do their work—the most crit-
ical and delicate work of the world, often in-
volving questions of peace and war—in the
absence of the indispensable books bearing
upon their business.
The Secretary of State sent to us daring the
last Congress an admonition that it is time we
should do our duty in this regard; and I beg
and pray that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs having charge of this subject may
speedily report a bill (I would move such a
measure now were it in order) providing that
our legations may be supplied with the neces-
sary text-books of the law which our ministers
must and ought to have.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I rise pro forma to oppose
the amendment. The proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio is a very proper one.
There is a great deal of waste and a great deal
of wrong in this matter. It may be said of
almost every one of our legations that it not
only has no library, but no place to put a
library. Whenever the ministers are changed,
as they frequently are in our service, every-
thing belonging to the United States, such as
its records, archives, &c., is deposited in
any out-of-the-way place that the outgoing
officer may be able to find for the purpose ;
so that when the new officer arrives ten
chances to one he cannot find anybody in the
country who is able to tell him even where the
official records are, They are found in hotels
or private houses—in all sorts of out-of-the-
way places. I only wish that every member
of the House might hold for a time a first-
class mission in order that their views might
be liberalized and enlarged in the same way
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheiaabar-
ger] appears to ha.ve reformed his opinions
upon these important subjects.
Mr. DAWES. I submit to my colleague
that he bring this matter before the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
have a building erected wherever we have a
foreign mission, as we have done in all the
cities and towns of the country not below ten
thousand population. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. Ir. Chairman, that is one
of my colleague's jokes. [Laughter.] We
do not propose to erect public buildings for
our foreign ministers, or anything of the kind.
Mr. DAWES. I will tell my colleague it is
a pretty serious joke when he comes to find
the aggregate.
Mr. BANKS. If he speaks of it as a serious
joke, why I take it as such. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, it is necessary we should
have offices, and these offices should be con-
tinued from time to time; yet as it is now,
every man appointed to one of these offices
changes its location, so that if we do not lose
our property, our public documentary records
and papers are exposed to the gaze of every-
body. Of course gentlemen will admit it is
a most serious evil that it should be so.
Mr. DAWES. E know it is my misfortune
never to have gone abroad on one of these
missions.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I have but a
word to say. In response to my colleague, who
has alluded to the beneficial effect ot foreign
travels, I wish to express my regret that 1 have
not been able to enjoy all of those benefits.
But, sir, I have observed in the little time I have
been here that every time this consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill comes up I was
always able to tell who had enjoyed that
great blessing. I never, however, knew it to
go quite so far as on this interesting occasion.
[Laughter.] It has culminated on this occa-
sion. It appears we not only lack proper public
buildings in all the cities and towns of this
country, both large and-small, but we also lack
them in all the cities of other countries with
which we have diplomatic relations. I trust,
Mr. Chairman, this pleasant, little joke of my
colleague will notturn into any serious measure
to be introduced here by those who expect to
represent this country abroad. I know what
it is costing the Government to erect pub-
lic buildings all over the country, but I di<)
not really suppose it was going to spread so,
and if it is going to become so contagious all
over the House, then the Lord have mercy ob
the Treasury.
