1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan.
Senate.
not to the theory that the people, in point of fact*
wrenched all this power out of the hands of the
monarch; the conclusion is very easy that what has
been conceded to the people can, at pleasure, be mod-
ified, limited, or pven taken away. Parliament has,
therefore, exercised its omnipotence with an ex-
ceedingly lavish hand in the matter of elections to
its own body, declaring by statute George II, chapter
twenty-four, that' the right of voting for the future
shall be allowed according to the last determination
of the House of Commons concerning it,' and by 34
George III, chapter eighty-three, • that all decisions
of committees of the House of Commons with respect
to the right of election, or of choosing or appointing*
the returning officer, shall be final and conclusive
upon the subject forever.' Thus they have made the
rule here contended for a statute of the realm."
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin, I believe, says that this has no application
because formal notice was not given and pub-
lished at the polls.
Mr, CARPENTER. Allow me. I did not
say that. I say just what the report says, that
this point which we are now discussing is not
involved in that case, because it did not appear
that the people voted for Brown, knowing him
to be disqualified.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Dawes says that point
does not arise ; but at the same time he states
the fact that Brown was ineligible, and he was
excluded from Congress because of his ineli-
gibility. That was the resolution adopted
by the House. He was a known rebel; it
was published in the newspapers ; his letter
showing the fact had been published; and
yet the Senator says it is not in the case. Why
is it not in the case according to the report of
Mr. Dawes ? Because Mr. Dawes's conclusion
is that the notice has to be formal; that is, the
notice has to be given at the polls to the elect-
ors when they go to vote. That is the Eng-
lish rule ; ana so it is laid down in the English
decisions that the notice must be formal; must
be given to the electors at the polls, and hence
this did not come within that rule. But Mr.
Dawes takes the same view of the rule that I
do, for he says in this report, "The committee
are of opinion that a recurrence to the origin
and history of this rule in the British Parlia-
ment will show"—what? "The impossibility
of its application to a case in the American
House of Representatives."
It is impossible of application. It is not
the fact that Mr. Dawes decided this ease
because the notice was not formal, but he
decided the case because it was impossible
according to the nature of our institutions
and the nature of the English institutions for
their law to be applicable to our elections.
That is the point, sir. So we shall find
from the examination of all the cases. I
will read extracts only from a few. In the
case of McKee vs. J. D. Young this point
was clearly made. The question was that
Young was ineligible, and that the minority
candidate was elected. I will read the
decision of the committee:
"The first point relied upon by the contestant ,
(Mr. McKee) in his notice is that Mr. Young was i
disqualified and ineligible to the position of Kepre- i
sentativc in Congress by reason of disloyalty, and
that as such disqualification existed at the time 1
\ouug was voted for, all votes cast for him were \
illegal and void and not to be counted "—
There is the point made again precisely as .
it is made in this case— li
"and, as a necessary consequence, that the con- !!
testant having received the highest number of legal li
votes, is duly eleotcd and entitled to the seat. This !}
point has been ably and elaborately argued and de- M
cided by this committee and by the Huuse in the -
late case of Smith i;i. Brown, of Kentucky, and the i>
committee deem it necessary to say no more than !
that they decline to favor giving the seat to contest- !
aut on this ground.'' }
Therefore, they conclude the same as in the
other cases. They refused to give McKee the j
seat because of the ineligibility of the other
party, declaring that the decisions iu England
were not applicable to cases in this country.
In the case of Christy vs. Wimpy precisely the
same rule is laid down.
In the case of Jones t\s. Mann ibo, same
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 15.
decision was made on this point as to ineligi-
bility. Referring to the report of Mr. Dawes
in Brown's case, from which I have read, they
say:
"The language of that report is clear and explicit
on .this point, and is a full answer to the position
insisted upon by the contestant and his counsel in
this case, and a brief extract from it will best illus-
trate the views of the committee, and show that the
question raised here is fairly met and decided in the
case cited."
Then they quote from the report of Mr.
Dawks, and. show that the views of the com-
mittee continue the same. In the case of
Wallace vs. Simpson the same ruling is laid
down, and in the case of Rice, whose seat
was contested by Ziegler, the same rule is
laid down:
"Thus it will be seen that, according to contestee's
own statement, he had entered into an agreement
to recruit for the rebel army, was on his way to carry
out fully his undertaking when he was captured,
and claimed protection as a rebel officer when cap-
tured. The committee arc well satisfied that the
acts of contestee were well understood bythe voters
of said district at the time the contestee was voted
for, but do_ not agree with contestant that as con-
testee was ineligible, the condidatewho was eligible
is entitled to the seat."
This is a case where the committee decided
that the voters knew the fact, and were apprised
of the fact at the time they voted for Mr. Rice,
that he was a rebel, that he was ineligible, that
the voters had notice of the fact, and the com-
mittee say and the evidence shows it—here are
several pages of evidence to prove the fact—
and yet they say that that does not give the
minority candidate a right to a seat in Con-
gress.
So, sir, you may go through all the legisla-
tive decisions and you cannot find one that
even squints at the idea that a man can be
elected to an office in this country by a minor-
ity of the voters. The theory of the Govern-
ment is against it, the theory of the law is
against it, and everything that has been done
in this country to stamp and fix this principle
indelibly upon the institutions of the'people is
against any such construction as this.
I have referred to the legislative decisions
of the two Houses of Congress from 1793 to
the present time. Now let us see whether or
not the supreme courts of the different States
have held the same view. I presume that the
Senators on the other side of this question,
with their theory of this case, will insist that
the decisions of the courts are not applicable,
as it is insisted that there are no decisions of
a legislative character in this country that ap-
plies to this case. We must only decide this
question according to the English authorities.
American ideas must be thrown out of sight.
The English ideas must be entertained in this
Senate, and they must govern and control, and
American are to be scouted. But, sir, I pre-
fer standing not only by the Constitution of
my country, standing by the law-givers, stand-
ing by the decisions that the legislatures of
my country have stamped and imprinted upon
our records, but also by the deeisiotis of the
American courts. I should rather stand by
them than do wrong to my conscience by re-
jecting them and embracing those of the
English courts not applicable to our institu-
tions.
The first decision that I call the attention
of the Senate to is in the State of New Jersey,
the State vs. Anderson. 1 Cose s New Jersey
Reports, 318. This was a case under the stat-
ute, and 1 am free to confess that their charac-
ter of the action was such that it does not in
full decide this question, but it bears upon it,
and I read it for that purpose. In New Jer-
sey, in 171)4, an election took place for a sheriff
of a county. Under a statute of 17S8 it was
necessary that he should be seized of a free-
hold estat" tlurii:.' three years immediately
preceding his election to the office of sheriff
m order to ba eligible to hold the office, An-
derson came before the court on a writ of
certiorari. The court in deciding that the acts
of the sheriff were valid make this statement:
" Still, however, we think the election not ipso
facto void."
And go on to give authorities to show that
the election was voidable but not ipso facto
void. I read this to show that they held, al-
though under the provision of the statute the
man was ineligible, the election was not void
but voidable.
Then there is a case in the State of Wiscon-
sin, (1 Chandler's Reports, 112,) which Ithink
does decide precisely the point made here.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me to suggest that it is very remarkable if it
does, because in that case the court held that
the man was not ineligible at all.
Mr. LOGAN. That is true; they held him
not ineligible, but as this point was made in
the case the court decide so as to prevent the
point being made in the future, and thereby
settled the law in that State:
"This was an application for a mandamus as
against Giles, the clerk of the board of supervisors
of Dane county, who withheld from the relator a
certificate of his election for that county, as sheriff,
at the general election in 1848, and who gave to Peter
W. Matts, a contestant candidate for the same office,
a certificate of election as sheriff. Dunning and
Matts were both candidates at the election for the
ofiice of sheriff. Matts was the sheriff at the time
of the election, and received the greatest number
of votes of any candidate, and Dunning, the relator,
received the next highest number of votes. This
was the first election held under the constitution in
1848."
The provision of the constitution was that
a person cannot hold the office of sheriff two
consecutive terms. This man was elected the
second time, and under the constitution of the
State when it first went into operation the case
first came before the court on a writ of quo
warranto. It was a question whether or not
the minority candidate was elected when the
majority candidate had been elected twice,
when the constitution provided he could not
hold the office but once. The court decided
as follows, ^1 will not read the whole opinion,
but the part of it that bears on this poiut:)
" Such being the opinion of the court, it is unne-
cessary to pass upon the second question, whether, in
the event of the person receiving the highest num-
ber of votes being ineligible, the person receiving
the next highest number is elected. But as the
question was fully argued, and as it is one that may
arise again, it is proper to say that we are all
All who ? The whole court—
"of the opinion that the mere ineligibility of acan-
didate does not, as the law now is, render void the
votes east for him; that such votes should not be
rejected, but should be counted bythe canvassers,
and that in the event of such ineligible person hav-
ing the highest number of votes, the person having
the next highest number is not thereby elected."
That is the decision of the court in the State
of Wisconsin, in 1 and 2 Chandler's Reports,
that in the event of an ineligible person being
elected, although he is ineligible, yet the can-
didate receiving the next highest number of
votes is not elected. And the court goes ou
further to say:
"If any public embarrassment is apprehended
from this, such as that an office may remain in-
definitely vacant by reason of a majority of the
electors obstinately persisting m voting for an in-
eligible person, it is within the undoubted power of
the Legislature to prevent it, by enacting that ait
such votes shall be deemed void, and not to be
counted."
There the court in Wisconsin takes hold of
the very point iu the ease and answers the
very argument which is relied on here, that
if you do not give the minority candidate the
election, the electors may be obstinate, and
continue to vote for a disqualified person ; and
the same decision suggests the remedy. They
say the legislative department of the Govern-
ment should pass a law declaring that the
votes are nullities which are given for an ineli-
gible person. That ia the remedy. This ease
was followed by another in Wisconsin, (14
Wisconsin Reports, page 497,) The State vs.
