1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2069
or some portion of them in conccrt with the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and is agree-
able to the office and to those commissioners.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. My attention has been
called to an omission in offering these amend-
ments. I omitted to move 011 page 5, line
ninety-three, to strike oat " $38,500 " and
insert " $50,000.'! This is the appropriation
for the general incidental expenses of the
Indian department, and is asked for by the
department, and they think they cannot get
along without it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like the chair-
man of the committee to explain that.
Mr. COLE. I hardly think there can be
any necessity for increasing that amount.
The appropriation is "for contingencies, in-
cluding traveling, incidental, current, and
contingent expenses of superintendents and
agents, and of their offices, $38,500." I
believe that was the appropriation that was
made last year. I do not think that there is
any deficiency. I apprehend it will be suffi-
cient for the coming year, I hope the amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I have only to say that the
Senator from California knows that this irreg-
ular service has been vastly increased within
the last few years, and the department say
they will need, in all human probability, the
amount I have named. The question is
whether we shall follow their' advice, or
follow our own want of knowledge on the
subject.
Mr. COLE. I believe there is an appropri-
ation made for these commissioners, as they
are called, this commission, who ask no com-
pensation but to bear their expenses. I think
that an appropriation has been made for them,
and I should suppose their services would
obviate the necessity of much of the service
of the regular superintendents and agents.
If that is not so, of course I do not wash to
embarrass the service.
Mr. HARLAN. No more than would an
appropriation to pay the expenses of an in-
spector of the Army obviate the necessity of
providing for expenses incurred by officers of
the regular service. The small appropriation
made for that board of commissioners is wholly
outside of the regular service. They act in
the capacity of inspectors, and the depart-
ment have no jurisdiction over their move-
ments whatever, aud no control over the funds
put at their disposal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes ten.
Mr. HARLAN. I will withdraw the amend-
ment and propose it in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN. The nextamendment, that
1 am instructed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs to offer is to strike out from line seven-
teen hundred and nine to line seventeen hun-
dred and twenty-five, inclusive, the following
words :
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to make careful inquiry into tho condition in
point of civilization of the several tribes mentioned
in this act, and shall report thereon in detail at the
next session of Congress, showing the progress of
such tribes respectively toward civilization, with
recommendations for such aid by furnishing animals
and utensils for grazing aud farming as may appear
useful.
And fo insert in lieu thereof:
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to make careful inquiry into the condition in
point of civilization of the several tribes mentioned
in this act; aud whenever he shall be satisfied that
any tribe has become sufficiently civilized to take
care of the same, be shall, provided said Indians
shall so elect, eau&e such an amount, not exceeding
twenty per cent, of the several appropriations
herein, as he may deem proper to be expended in
the purchase of stock, cattle, or sheep, for tho bene-
fit of the soveral tribes. Said cattle or sheep shall
be turned over to the chiefs and head-inen of the
several tribes for distribution among said tribes, and
the same shall be under the exclusive care and con-
trol of the Indians to whom they may bo distributed
respectively. The Secretary shall report tViereon in
detail, at the next session of Congress, showing his
action under the provisions of this section, and the
progress of such tribes respectively toward civiliza-
tion, with recommendations for such future aid by
furnishing animals and utensils for grazing and
farming as may appear useful.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senatorfrom Iowa
could not have considered this amendment
very well, because it, is in violation of the
grave and solemn stipulations that have
been entered into so often with these mag-
nificent nations of Indians. It proposes to
use. twenty per cent, of the amount awarded
to them under treaties for a very distinct pur-
pose. perhaps different from that which they
intended it should be put to. I hardly think
t hat is the thing to be done if we regard these
treaties as of any weight or value whatever.
_ Mr. HARLAN. If that is the only objec-
tion, I think it is obviated by the phraseology
of the amendment:
And whenever he shall be satisfied that any tribo
has become sufficiently civilized to take care of the
same he shall, provided said Indians shall so elect,
cause such an amount, not exceeding twenty per
cent, of the several appropriations herein, as ho
may deem proper to be expended in the purchase
of stock, cattle, or sheep, &c.
The honorable Senator will perceive that it
will depend on the election of the tribe itself
in each case, as well as the judgment of the
Secretary of the Interior. The Committee on
Indian Affairs supposed that if an Indian tribe
were capable of making a contract, they would
be capable of modifying it in that regard.
Mr. COLE. It is only transferring the agency
for buying the cattle from the Indians them-
selves to the Department. I think the Secretary
has virtually that power now. To be sure, some
of the amounts due the Indians are paid over
in money, but, they can immediately invest it
in cattle, and that would be the same as author-
izing the Department to do it. I do not think
the amendment ought to be adopted. We have
provided in the bill that the Department shall
make diligent inquiry as to the capabilities of
the Indians for civilized life, and shall report
thereon in detail at the next session of Con-
gress. This new policy, 1 think, had better be
postponed until the requisite inquiry is made
by the Department, and then we can enter upon
it with our eyes open. I think the bill, as
amended by the Committee on Appropriations,
had better stand. It was considered very care-
fully and thoroughly by that committee, and 1
believe the proposition, as adopted in the re-
port of the bill, was unanimously accepted by
that committee. 1 think the amendment ought
not to be agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. The object is simply,
wherever these Indians may desire to have
cattle furnished them in lieu of other things,
that they may be allowed to have the cattle,
that they may go 011 and pursue that peculiar
livelihood or industry which they are capable
of and best adapted to. We know that the
Indians desire very much to have horses and
cattle. The object of this amendment is to
induce them to take cattle and to raise cattle
particularly, and to follow grazing. The first
step to civilization from hunting is for the
ludians to obtain stock and raise stock, horses,
and cattle. The object is to induce them, as
they retire from the hunting-grounds, to take
to the .raising of stock, and this amendment
simply provides that they may receive cattle
if they so elect. It requires no additional
appropriation, and it seems to me there can
be no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If we had
no treaties with these Indians, of course the
object here aimed at would commend itself to
us all. I think it does commend itself, but
the question is, can we abrogate a treaty in
this manner simply by an agreement between
the Secretary ot the Interior and a few of the
chiefs of a tribe? It seems to me that is
treating th'ese so-called treaties with very [
great disrespect, to say the least. I should
be in favor of the object of the amendment,
but I do not think it can be accomplished in
this manner.
Mr. COllBETT. If that is the objection,
the amendment might be modified so as to
apply to those with whom there are no treaty
stipulations, as there are a large number of
Indians who are supplied by annual appro-
priations, and we are continually progressing
in that direction. We are making 110 new
treaties, but we are making annual appropri-
ations for the Indians, and it might be applied
to many of those Indians at least. It cer-
tainly ought to be adopted where it will not
affeot treaty stipulations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and being unable to
decide, requested the ayes to rise.
Mr. HARLAN. I will withdraw the amend-
ment in the present condition of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs with-
draws the amendment temporarily.
Mr. HARLAN. The nextamendment lam
directed to offer is to insert after line seven-
teen hundrecf and twenty-five the following:
Fot the purchase of goods and supplies for the
Indian service in liou of such as may be lost or
destroyed in transportation by water, and only to
be used to the extent of such loss, 850,000.
Mr. COLE. I propose to move to reduce
that amount, and 1 do it upon a letter from the
Department, which I have here, and which I
think will be conclusive on the subject. It
can be read if any one desires it, but perhaps
1 can state its contents more briefly. It states
that the amount received from insurance com-
panies for goods lost during the years I860,
1867, 1868, 1869, aud 1870 was $4,000, aud
the amount received in 1871 was $14,880,
making the total receipts for those six years
$18,880; while the amount paid for insurance
on goods during the years 1866, 1867, 1868,
1869, and 1870 was $17,036 36, and in 1871,
$16,820 75, or a total of $33,857 11, showing
an amount paid out in excess of the amount
received of $14,977 11. The greatest amount
received in any one year was $14,880, and I
think the amount named in this amendment
might, as well be reduced from $50,000 down
to, say, $15,000, or I will say $20,000, which
will be quite certain to cover the whole amount.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be observed that no
part of this appropriation will be used unless
goods shall be lost in the way indicated. The
inconvenience of not insuring unless some
large sum is provided for is this: if in send-
ing annuity goods to any Indian tribe the
boat should be sunk and the goods lost,
the Department would have no means under
their control by which to supply such goods,
while if they were insured they could draw the
funds from the insurance companies ; but the
Senate has now, in pursuance of the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, stricken out all authority to insure
anything. Finding that the Committee on
Appropriations deemed it wise to do this, the
Committee on Indian Affairs suggested this
amendment, placing at the disposal of the
Department a small fund that might be used
in case of disaster to any of the goods that
might be sent forward during the fiscal year.
The language is:
For the purchase of goods and supplies for the
Indian service in lieu oi" such as may be lost or
destroyed m transportation by water, $50,000.
It is only to be used to the extent of that
loss. If one boat alone should sink upon its
way up the Missouri river, that whole amount
would probably be needed. If, however, the 1
Department should be lucky, as we style
it sometimes, and none of the goods should
be sunk, none of the money would be used.
I think if criticism is to be made at all, it
should be that the amount is too small. I can
hardly imagine the sinking of a boat or a dis-
aster to a boat on the way up the river with
