1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
As to this matter of libraries, I agreed with
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
that I would not say anything against it, and
I do not; but I only file a caveat against car-
rying this thing any further.
Mr. BANKS. I do not propose any such
thing as the gentleman suggests.
Mr. DAWES. I know my colleague is an
economical man, and if he should cipher up,
as I have done within the last few days—I could
not get an opportunity to show it to the House
I know—if he should once trouble himself
to find out the aggregate cost, the spirit of
economy would come upon him to such an
extent he would turn against and oppose all
such measures.
Mr. BANKS. I rise for the purpose of
offering an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have the floor,
and wish to say but one word.
Mr. BANKS. I have seen so many miracu-
lous changes of opinion in members of the
House, I shall propose, when it is in order, to
give my colleague a first-class mission.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is not in
order. It is eminently in order elsewhere,
but not here.
I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, in concluding
what I hope will be the end of the debate on
this subject, that the amendment of my col-
league from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] is em-
inently in the direction of economy. He says
boxes after boxes have been sent to the various
missions containing nothing but vast piles of
documents, and he proposes only selected doc-
uments shall hereafter bo sent, smaller in vol-
ume, and better in their scope. I hope his
amendment will prevail, and that debate will
now be closed. .
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
To meet the necessary expenses attendant upon
the execution of the neutrality act, to be oxpended
under the direction of the President, in conformity
with the third section of the act of May 1, 1810,
entitled "An act fixing the compensation of minis-
ters and consuls residing on the coast of Barbary,
and for other purposes," $20,000.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will wait for a few moments we will get
through with the bill.
Mr. COGHLAN. I insist on my motion,
and call for a division.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us get the
bill out of committee into the House, and then
we will adjourn.
The question being put on Mr. Coghlan's
motion, there were—ayes 28, noes 51; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Is further count insisted
on?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I insist on further count.
This House ought not to legislate without a
quorum being present.
No quorum having voted, the Chair ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
and Mr. Eldredge.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 40, noes 81.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to offer as au
amendment the bill Which the House this
morning authorized to be offered as an amend-
ment in the Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follows:
The compensation of the chief clerk of the De-
partment of State shall be at the rate of $2,500 per
annum, beginning with the 1st day of July, 1871.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman please
to state what the salary of the chief clerk is
now ?
Mr. SWANN. Twenty-two hundred dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. The House this morn-
ing gave authority to the gentleman from
Maryland to offer this amendment in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] could have the
same vote by moving in the House to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I prefer my own motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will have an opportunity of making it in the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I do not insist upon
it at present.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the Chair, Mr. Coburn reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 1328) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
of June, 1873, and had directed him to report
the same with sundry amendments, and to ask
the concurrence of the House therein.
The SPEAKER. Is there a separate vote
demanded on any amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall insist on a separate
vote on each of the amendments except the
last.
Mr. POTTER. I demand a separate vote
on my motion to strike out Uruguay and Para-
guay.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume it is understood
that the motion to strike out the enacting
clause is pending.
The SPEAKER. That will be considered
as pending. Does the gentleman desire that
his motion to strike out the enacting clause
shall be decided before or after the amend-
ments are disposed of?
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the understand-
ing was that the House should adjourn after
the committee rose and reported the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
establishment oj? post routes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads the annual post
route bill for present consideration. It contains
no other legislation whatever.
There was no objection ; and the bill (H. R.
No. 16G6) to establish certain post routes was
received, read three times, and passed.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it under-
stood that the previous question has been sec-
onded and the main question ordered on the
diplomatic and consular appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so considered, except that by unani-
mous consent the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] shall be consid-
ered as pending. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mx\ Swann] will be entitled to one hour
when the House resumes consideration of the
bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the consideration
of the bill come up as unfinished business on
Friday ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
james  . dana.
On motion of Mr. PETERS, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 675) granting to
James D. Dana the use of certain plates, was
taken from the Speaker's table and read a
first and second time.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill be now put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the joint
Committee on the Library to grant to James D.
Dana the use of such of the engraved plates
of the United States exploring expedition un-
der Captain Wilkes, now in charge of said com-
mittee, as may be desired by him for the pub-
lishing of a book on corals and coral islands.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, sub-
mitted a report in writing to accompany House
bill No. 785, in relation to bounties, and moved
that it be recommitted to the committee and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
international copyright.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1667) providing the
terms on which copyrights may be granted to
foreign authors ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Library, and ordered to be printed.
george W. morse.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill (H. II. No. 1447) for the
relief of George W, Morse, which has been
returned from the Senate with an unimportant
amendment, betaken from the Speaker's table
and the amendment concurred in.
Mr. STRONG. I object.
bank clearing-house exchanges.
Mr. MERRIAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1668) to facilitate
banking clearing-house exchanges; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and it was agreed
to; and (at four o'clock and fifty-two minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AYERILL: The petition of citizens
of St. Paul, Minnesota, asking that no reduc-
tion be made in the rates of tariff on printing
type.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of J. B.
Owen and 40 others, citizens of Riverton and
Pleasant Valley, Connecticut", for an extension
of mail route from Pleasant Yalley to Riverton.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Hon. E.
W. Leavenworth, Hon. Daniel Pratt, and 670
others, citizens of the city of Syracuse, New
York, praying Congress to make the necessary
appropriation for the erection of a Government
building at said city, upon condition that a site
be ceded to the United States for the same.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting
held at the city of Syracuse, New York, Janu-
ary 24, 1872, pursuant to the call of the mayor,
of which Hon. F. E. Carroll was chairman,
and Irving G. Vann secretary, in which a res-
olution was adopted agreeing to furnish a site
for a public building at said city free of ex-
pense to the General Government.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of William
Cooper and others, asking increased bounties
and pensions.
Also, the petition of James E. Child and
others, asking for a change in the postal law.
Also, a petition forapost route from Elba to
St. Charles, Minnesota.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of James Y.
Smith and others, members o-f the Providen';o
