8862
MS COMEESSIOM frLQffi
May 24,
when there has been a call pending. Does
the gentleman suppose that we are bound to
wait indefinitely for the return of absentees?
The SPEAKER^ro tempore. The Chair will
Bay, inanswertothe gentleman from Ohio [ML
Bingham] and the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger,] that it is in order to move that
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with, and that, if the motion be carried, the
House will, provided a quorum be present, be
in full possession of its powers, and can pro-
ceed with the consideration of the bill; but
the Chair does not understand that; fexcept
general consent, an arrangement can be made
by which the House shall bind itself in regard
to its action after the call is dispensed with.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have seen it done. I
have seen members brought hei^ some hours
after an adjournment to answer at the bar of
the House. The power of the House does not
cease by reason of ati adjournment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Unquestion-
ably that is true; and aftet tbfe proceedings
under the call have been dispensed with, ex-
cept. as to bringing in absent members, the
House could then proceed to other business.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is all I mean; I
made my motioa to postpone the further hear-
ing of excuses till halfpastteri o'clock a. Hi. ;
but I do not care if eleven o'clock be fixed.
What 1 desire is that we may have a vote oii
this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offered Sdch
a resolution some hours ago ; but it was not
listened tc
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to postpone fur-
ther proceedings touching absentees, to the
end that we may proceed to business.
Mr. RANDALL. I have but one objection
to the motion of the gentleman frorh Ohio. I
ana one of those who have remained here the
enure night.
Mr. BINGHAM. So am I.
Mr. RANDALL. Our experience in dis-
pensing with the call has shown that thbse
gentlemen who are hostile to this bill have
deserted their posts as soon as the doors were
reopened.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not done ahy thing
of the kind.
Mr. RANDALL. I did not say the gentle-
man had. But 1 was about to say that if we
can have any assurance that that proceeding
will not be repeated, 1 shall not object to the
motion of the neutlemau from Ohio.
Mr. DICKEY'. We have twice to-night had
a quorum here, and after the call of the House
was dispensed with, some gentlemen have
absented themselves.
Mr. BINGHAM, is that any reason wby
we should riot go on and discbarge our busi-
ness and attend to the absentees afterward
when they are brought in ?
Mr, DICKEY. h'xperlentia docet. We have
had two calls and dispensed with them ; and
we have seen the resuit.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
would rule that it is within the power of the
House to dispense with further proceedings
under the call except as to the hearing of ex-
cuses and the arrest or discharge of absentees
at such lime hereafter as may be fixed.
Mr. COGHLAN. I simply wish to say that if
we can have any assurance from gentlemen who
have antagonized the bill that they will not run
out of the House as soon as proceedings under
the call are dispensed with, the majority of the
House afe perfectly willing to dispense with the
call, and after voting on the passage of the bill
adjourn. But if the enemies of the bill intend
to run out of the House as soon as the call is'
dispensed with, the majority must insist on
remaining here till we get ten or fifteen more
members.
Mr. PERCE. I object to debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Such persons can be
brought to the bar for contempt and put where
they will not run away.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point that if
the House dispenses with proceedings under
the cali it relieves the Sergeant-at-Arms from
his orders to bring absentees to the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
would say to the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Conger] that it is competent and usual
for the House to dispense with all further prfc>-
beedings under a call except the bringing of
absentees before the HbuSe at a particular
time which the House may designate. That
is'tb^ nature of the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mir. BjMMIA M. j
The Sergeant'-at-Arms presented himself at
the bar of the House, having Mr. Big&S, of
Delaware, in custody.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Biggs,
you have absented yourself from the session of
the House without its leave. What excuse have
ydtl to offer?
Mr. BIGGS. None at all, because I thought
fever^ Christian gentleman ought to retire at
half past eleveti 'o'clock. [Laughter.]
Mr. BECK. I SliOhld like to ask the gen-
tleman from Delaware a question.
Mr. PETERS. The eyes of Delaware are
oii you. [Laughter.]
Mr. BECK. Did not the gentleihan leave
the House in pleasant company?
Mr. BIGGS. I left ftith Governor Swann.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to this colloquy.
Mr. PETERS. I niove to excuse the gen-
tleman flom Delaware because he has told
the t tilth.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
52, noes 17.
So the motion iVaS agreed to.
Mri MOORE. It is stated by some of the
leading members of the House that it is com-
petent fot- the House when the delinquent
in embers are here to take a vote, to close the
dobrs, and to keep them closed during the time
the vote is being taken. I ask if that is in
order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state in reply t8 the gentleman from Illi-
nois that when the House dispenses with all
further proceedings under the call it is the
duty of the Speaker to direct the Doorkeeper
to open the doors, for otherwise the House
would proceed to conduct its business with
closed doors, and the House of Representa-
tives does not conduct public business with
closed doors.
The Sergeant at-Arms appeared at the bar,
having Mr. Arthur, of Kentucky, in custody.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Arthur;
you have absented yourself from the sittings
of the House without its leave. "What excuse
have you to offer ?
Mr. ARTHUR. I have not any excuse to
offer, sir.
■Mr. PETERS. I move that he be excused.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio moves, as the Chair under-
stands, that the absent members shall be
brought to the bar at a certain day and hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move, in view of our
business, that further proceedings touching
absentees be suspended and postponed until
half past ten o'clock Monday morning next.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That dis-
penses with the call.
Mr. BINGHAM. Ttdoes not dispense with
the call. The call has been exhausted, and
now the House is heating excuses of absent
members. Members absent have been found
absent. The warrant has gone out for their
arrest. There is no call pending before the
House. It is a proceeding the House can sus-
pend to go to other business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand it as the gentleman does.
The words "call of the House" cover the
entire proceeding.
Mr. BINGHAM. This House can by order
suspend the hearing of excuses till any time
it pleases.
Mr. BANKS. I have seen it done often.
Mr. BIN"GHAM. So have I. I ask unan-
imous consent to order to postpone the hear-
ing of excuses. If that could not be dona
this House would be at the mercy of a single
absentee for a month. I do not propose to
wait here for absentees, but to attend to
business. Supposing your warran could not
overtake him, are we to sit here and await his
return ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not differ from the view of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] The CBair
understands that thfe call of the House is a
proceeding on the part of the House, when it
finds itself without a quorum, to bring to its
bar its members absent without its leave. To
that end, having ascertained who are the de-
linquents, it directs the Sergeant-at-Arms to
bring them to the bar. It may at any time
dispense with farther proceedings under the
call, and it will thereby discharge the delin-
quents not yet brought before the House, un-
less it fixes a day and time thereafter at which
they shall answer. But so long as the House
sees fit to keep the call open, it continues to
be the duty Of the Sergeant-at-Arms to bring
in absent members ; because the House may
be unwilling, although a quorum has been ob-
tained, to go into other business without a
larger number of meiflbers present. At what
time does the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BreO;
Dam] propose that the absent members, still
abseht without leave, shall appear at the bar?
Mr. BINGHAM. I proposed half past ted
b'clock to-day.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend by
making the time eleven o'clock on Monday.
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] that eleven o'clock is the hour for open-
ing the session of the House, and that that
Would be an inconvenient hour to which to
defer these proceedings.
Mr. K AN DALL. Then Say half past eleven.
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. BiXgham] moves that
further proceedings under the call be sus-
pended, and that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to bring delinquent rtiernbers before
the House at its sitting on Monday, at half
past eleven o'clock a. m.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in order to secufe
from members present some sort of under-
standing that when the proceedings under the
call are suspended they Will remain, so that
we shall have A quorum?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's question may be a very proper one, but
it is not in order in a parliamentary sense.
Mr. HOLMAN. It isvery manifest that the
Continuance of this call is a matter of no mo-
ment whatever. It is simply an embarrass-
ment to the officers of the House, nothing
more. It sefetas to me that the House, with
a due regard to its business, can now very
safely dispense with this call entirely.
Mr. DICKEY. No, sir.
Mr. HOLM. AN. It is now half past Seven
o'clock; and I take it for granted that it is
an absolute absurdity to talk about continuing
this call. We do not intend to enforce any
penalties on the gentlemen brought to the
bar. By continuing the proceedings we sim-
ply embarrass our proceedings when we tueefc
again.
I move, therefore, to amend the proposition
of thegentlertian from Ohio by sinlply provid-
ing that all further proceedings under this call
be dispensed with, so that we may come di-
rectly to a vote on the pending bill. I trust
there will be no objection to that.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make the motion
that all further proceedings under the call - be
dispensed .with, and .that the flouse proceed
to act on* the pending bill.
