2966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
a course, but neither do I advocate stripping my
country bare, and turning her out to be treated
with dishonor and insult by her foes, by the
great Powers of this world with whom she
might be in conflict. The two propositions
are inconsistent. You must be more modest
in your foreign relations and less apt to insist
on the rights of the country and its citizens, or
you must keep up with the times in your naval
preparations.
Mr. President, I saw riding in the Gulf of
Spezzia more than twelve years ago two
American ships; one was the Wabash and the
other was the Iroquois, one a first-rate vessel
and the other a third-rate vessel. They were
both propellers, full-rigged ; one, the Iroquois,
had the reputation of being the fastest ship in
our Navy, and the Wabash, one of its finest
vessels at that time. Lying alongside of these
two vessels were the Carlo Alberto and the
Vittorio Emanuelle, two vessels of the Sar-
dinian navy, for it was before the formation
of the kingdom of Italy, built on the Clyde,
built after our models, and as fine vessels as
our own, admitted so to be by all the judges
of naval architecture, and as well equipped.
Spain to-day has a navy such as she never
possessed before, getting the best models from
England. She is last regaining her position
as a naval Power. Look at the iron-clads
recently built in France and England and
which have come to our own shores. Look
at these two countries taking advantage of the
change from wooden to iron vessels, clothing
their old vessels with iron, building new
ones of iron. The Wabash to day is the same
kind of ship she was when I saw her more
than twelve years ago in the Mediterranean.
She is still the same old style of vc-s-el sli-
was then. I do not know whether the Iro-
quois is in service or not. Taking a eursoiy
glance at our list of vessels, the chairman of
the committee will correct me if 1 am in error,
I cannot litid that one single man-of-war has
been built since that lime. Certainly not one
siugle dollar has been appropriated, according
to my recollection, during the war or since the
war, to build an iron-clad vessel that can go
to sea. And are we, Senators, to go to work
deliberately and bluster and brag, and put in
claims for indirect damages, as if we were en
gaged in trading horses, and asked more
than our horse was worth, because we thought
the man we were trading with was going to ask
moie than his horse was woith—are we to go
into that kind of business with a great nation
after we have stripped our country bare? I
say it is folly. No man will do it in his own
case. It is not statesmanship to do it. The
people when disgrace comes will hold us ac
countable for it-
Austria in 1858, more recently Prance, has
buried in hopeless ignominy I he men who urged
for war when they were unprepared for it,
so bringing on their country "innumerable
woes."
I am glad of this opportunity, which I have
long wanted, of expressing my views to the
Senate on this question. I hope my distin
guished friend from Kentucky will understand
that I never meant in any way to find any fault
with what he was proposing. I simply sought
an opportunity of prophesying evil to this
country if she did not change her course, either
to be more peaceable in attitude or to be bet-
ter prepared for whatever may come from an
ndependent and posii ive position to the world.
Mr. STEVENSON. lam exceedingly glad
to hear my friend from New Jersey, as 1
always am on any subject that he discusses.
When I made the suggestion that we ought to
have information as to what had become of
the $350,000,000 appropriated during the years
to which I referred, before this bill was dis-
posed of, my honorable friend got up and
replied, and I thought his reply was against
me. I am glad to be undeceived. I have no
doubt I shall always agree with my honorable
friend, and when he comes to know me bet-
ter, he will find that, I will never be a whit
behind him in meeting the responsibility of
giving us such a navy as the honor of our
country demands. I am proud of the Navy
as I am of the other institutions of my coun-
try. But while all that is true, I owe a respons-
ibility to at least a portion of the country.
My acts are subject to the approval or con-
demnation of my constituents. I am acting
for them and not for myself in this Chamber,
and when their money, wrung from them by
grievous and onerous taxes, is attempted to
be taken in such enormous amounts, 1 have a
right to know what has been done in the past.
No doubt nay honorable friend and myself
agree. He says that this large amount of
money has been wasted, because we know that
between 18G2 and 1866 $350,000,000 were
appropriated to the Navy Department, and
yet my friend says we have not got a navy
worth a rush. It is true, sir. We have but
thirty-six vessels all told out of the six hundred
and fifty that are fit for sea use. Then what
has become of it? Who is responsible, and
where has the money gone, that we have not
got a sufficient navy? These are questions
that go to the popular heart, the answer to
which the people have a right to know. Here
is the present Secretary of the Navy, a highly
honorable gentleman, who has been in office
for several years. What has become of all
this money, and why do you continue to waste
the public treasure upon repairs that ought
not to be made? Allow me to read a Utile
statement to the Senate in regard to certain
i epairs.
A letter from the chief engineer of the Navy
Department states that the Minnesota, of 2,912
tuns, will cost, in repairing $25,000; the Frank-
lin, of;! 17:! tons, $90,000; the Tennessee, of
2.l:)5 t>mis, $225,000; the Bonieia, of 1,122
tons. $6">,000 ; the Juniata, of 828 tons, $85,-
000; Monon«ahela, of 960 tons, $140,000;
O'lsipee, of 828 tons, $85,000; Kearsarge, of
095 tuns, $1-15,000; Mohican, of 671 tons,
$90,000; and the IJacotah, of 695 tons,
$250,000. And here is a table showing some
bills for repairs in the past. The Shenandoah,
a third rate, cost $306,279 for repairs.
I might go on with those details. Is it not
a legitimate inquiry for the Senate to make
before we go on to make further appropria-
tions to avail ourselves of improvements in
naval aichitecture? If the iron-clads are the
best, and experience demonstrates it, let us
see the estimates; let us know the plans; let
us see how much they propose to increase the
Navy : what the character of the vessel is, and
how the money is to be expended. Is that
unjust? Is that casting any crimination upon
anybody? Cleaily not.
My honorable friend says that no proposi-
tion has been made to postpone this question.
Sir, what is the use of making such a proposi-
tion when we know that the edict of a caucus
of the dominant party has decreed the order
of business and that we are manacled so far
as the minority goes? But that there may be
no question on this subject I will now move
to lay this bill for the present on the table
until we can get this information; and 1 will
call for the yeas and nays on that motion.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish the Senator would
withdraw that motion to euable me to make a
remark or two.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have before me the three
reports of the present Secretary of the Navy,
and the ouly three, going back to March, 1869.
In his report for 1869 the Secretary says :
"When my predecessor came into office on the
9th of March lust, the Navy of the United States
consisted of two hundred and three vessels of all
classes and in every condition."
Two hundred and three vessels in the Navy
ill March, 1869. Now, I take up the report
of 1870. In that report he says:
"At the date of my last report the Navy of the
United States consisted of one hundred and eisrhty-
eight ships of all Glasses, calculated to carry when
in commission one thousand three hundred and
twenty-two guns," <fcc.
The number had fallen off. The report for
last December, 1871, says :
"The Navy of the United States now consists of
one hundred and seventy-nine ships."
Being twenty-four ships less last December
than we had in March, 1869. Many of
these vessels have been lost and sunk, and
many others, the Oneida, for example, that I
have in my mind, and others that I do not
think of. This will show since the beginning
of the present Administration how great a
reduction there has been in the number of
ships. The number between six hundred and
fifty that the Senator from Kentucky refers to,
and one hundred and seventy-nine now, all
told, were disposed of previous to the incom-
ing of the present Administi-ation.
Mr. STOCKTON. I sought the opportunity
while the Senator from Kentucky was on the
floor to interrupt him on the point when he
was speaking of the amount of the cost of
repairs of these vessels. I am not very accu-
rately informed as to the exact cost of naval
architecture at the present time ; but in many
cases I have no doubt that the cost of fitting
up an old hulk has amounted to quite as much
as it would take to build a fine vessel of the
modern style.
" Why do it then?" my friend from Califor-
nia [Mr. Casseuly] asks. Why in the name
of Heaven do it ? What folly ! But the Sec-
retary of the Navy is required and expected
to protect commerce with Cuba, and to protect
the coast, to send vessels to the Mediterranean,
to send vessels here and there. You want the
vessels sent to sea, and the next report comes
that a vessel has gone under. You recollect
the anxiety about the Tennessee when she
was on her way to San Domingo. It is inhu-
man ; it is wrong ; it is wicked ; it is dis
graceful to send vessels to sea that are unfit
to go to sea. Humanity forbids it.
1 am not speaking of the present Secretary
of the Navy, nor defending his administration.
I leave that to the gentlemen who are so well
able to do it on the other side of the Chamber,
but I am speaking of the position you put the
Navy in. Then, when these repairs cost so
much, complaint is made. They may have cost
a great deal too much for aught I know, but I
know that we have fitted out vessels for sea
when it would have been cheaper to break
them up. I showed you that when 1 told you
that to the best of my knowledge a vessel I saw
twelve years ago, not then a new vessel in the
Mediterranean, was still in the Navy! Every-
body knows the shortness of life of a wooden
ship. When you get an iron Navy it will not
be so.
I merely rose to suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that he was perfectly right that it
was absurd to expend such large sums for re-
pairs, and that it was a short, sighted policy&ud
a want of wisdom and foresight that made the
Navy such an expense to the Government. I
agree with him that if the Naval Committee
believe that Congress would approve of it, they
should have plans and specifications sent out
for building new vessels, probably in private
yards, where the experience of the world
shows now they can build the best ships. You
might get up your models, perhaps, in your
own yards ; for that you want the talent of
your Navy ; but when you have your specifi-
cations and models and plans you can build
vessels cheaper at private yards. In that way
you would actually diminish the expense of
the Navy by getting rid of the enormous bills
for repairs.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, if this
debate has had no other effect, it has at least
shown that the Senate requires light and in-
formation before this bill is disposed of.
My honorable friend from New Hampshire,
the chairman of the Naval Committee, whosa
