1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
of Vermont, Osborn, Sawyer, Stewart, Trumbull,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Backing-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
ildmunds, Perry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Kre-
lmghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Howe,
Johnston, Logan, Morton, Nye, Pomeioy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rico, Saulsbaiy, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman,
Spragne, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and W est—34.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to move as an addi-
tional section what will be found on pages 6
and 7 of the printed amendments, as follows:
Sec. —. That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion, to apply
the balance on hand of the appropriation of $100,000,
made by the act of July 15,1870, entitled "An act for
the support of industrial and other schools among
the Indian tribes not otherwise provided for," &c.,
at such times, in such sums, and for such tubes and
bands as, in his opinion, may be required.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the expenses of holding a g-neral
council of the Cherokee, Creek, Seminole, and
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, in the Indian
territory, a< provided by the treaties with said
tribes in 1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873. in addition to the unexpended balances of pre-
ceding appropriations for said purpose, $5,000:
Provided, That any other Indian tribe perma-
nently located in said Indian territory shall be,
and it is hereby, authorized to elect and send to
said general council one delegate, and in addition
one delegate for each one thousand Indians, or
fraction of a thousand gieater than five hundred,
being members of such tribe, on the same terms and
conditions, and with the same rights and privileges,
including right to compensation, as is provided for
delegates of the tribe* hereinbefore mentioned; and
a sufficient sum to pay the per diem and mileage
0 1 such additional delegates is hereby appropriated.
Mr. COLE. That" latter paragraph of the
amendment I think ought to be sustained, but
1 would move an amendment to that by strik-
ing out in lines fifteen and sixteen the words
" in addition to the unexpired balance of pre-
ceding appropriation for said purposes," and
iu lines twenty and twenty-one to strike out
the words " or fraction of a thousand greater
than five hundred."
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to amend the amend
ment of the Committee on Indian Affairs as
indicated by him.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that it costs
about, fourteen thousand dollars a year to
defray all the expenses incident to this legis-
lative assembly, or council as it. is called, and
part of the appropriation made for this pur-
pose last year is not yet expended, but proba-
bly it would be covered into the Treasury at the
end of the present fiscal year under a general
law on that subject. I think the council meets
in October under the treaty. If that should
be stricken out, and the balance of the appro-
priation for the last fiscal year should be cov-
ered into the Treasury, the S5,000 would not
be enough.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what amount
will be sufficient, but if the Senator would pro-
pose a little addition to the $5,000, and then
add, " or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary" after the word "dollars," I would not
object to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I am informed by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs that it requires
just about fourteen thousand dollars, and that
the amount now unexpended, with the addi-
tion of the $5,000 contained in this clause,
will just about cover it. It could be reduced,
perhaps $1,000.
Mr. COLE. That is, there is a balance of
$0,000.
Mr, HARLAN, About nine thousand dol-
lars balance from the preceding appropriation.
Mr. COLE. I think it is very objection-
able, and so do the persons with whom I am
connected on the Committee on Appropria-
tions, to make an appropriation of an unex-
pended balance without knowing what .it is.
That is the main objection there is to it.
Mr. HARLAN, Would the honorable Sen-
ator, then, agree to make this change: strike out
" $5,000" and insert "$14,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary?"
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I will agree to that.
Mr. HARLAN. Let that modification, then,
be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that modification of the amendment
will be made. The question is on the amend-
ment as modified. The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves to amend it by striking out " or
fraction of a thousand greater than five hun-
dred."
Mr. HARLAN. That is provided for in the
treaty. If any tribe has a fraction of a thou-
sand greater than five huudred, it is entitled
to an additional delegate.
Mr. COLE. Does that treaty apply to these
particular Indians? If not, it ought not to be
embodied.
Mr. IIARLAN. I see that it does not.
Mr. COLE. Then, I suppose we may strike
that out?
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That clause wilL
be stricken out if there be no objection. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to propose as an addi-
tional section the matter found on page 7 of
the printed amendments.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Sec.—. That the President of the United States
and the Secretary of the Interior are hereby author-
ized to make an appraisementof the Cherokee lands
lymer west of the ninety-sixth meridian of west
longitude, and west of the lands of the Osage In-
dians, in the Indian territory, and south of the
southern line of the State of Knnsas, ceded to the
United States by the Cherokee In;lia.ns under their
treaty of July 19, 1866, for the settlement of friendly
Indians, and report the same to Congress,
Mr. COLE. I do not know to what extent
that might involve the Government. It is
very indefinite.
Mr. HARLAN. I ought, perhaps, to ex-
plain this amendment in a few brief sentences,
in the treaty between the United States and the
Cherokee Indians of 186fi, they ceded to the
United States all of their lands lying west of
the ninety-sixth meridian for the use of other
friendly Indians, and agreed with the United
States to take so much for any part of that
land as might be agreed upon between them-
selves and the Indian tribes that might be
located on the land ; and if they and these
emigrating Indians should disagree as to the
price, the question should be referred to the
President. Ill that case, of course, there
would have been no money paid out of the
Treasury of the United States. The treaty
contemplated that the Indians moving on to
the land should pay for so much of the land
as they occupied to the Cherokee nation, and
if the two tribes disagreed the President
should act as umpire. But in a subsequent
treaty, made in 1867 or 18u8, with the Chey-
ennes and Arapahoes, a large part of this dis-
trict of country was ceded to those Indians
who were brought in from the plains. They
were Indians who had been previously at war
with the United States. They are frequently
styled pauper Indians. They have no money.
They are unable to pay for their lands; but
the United States ceded this land to them,
or a portion of it. The Cherokee Indians of
course complain very bitterly that their land
should be taken from them under that treaty,
which only provided that it should be taken
when paid for by the Indians to be located
upon it, and given to pauper Indians who
cannot pay for it; and they insist that they
shall receive just compensation for the land.
Their demand is undoubtedly just. The com-
mittee thought that the only step that wag
proper to be taken at this time was that the
President should cause an appraisement of the
land to be made and report his doings to Con-
gress.
Mr. COLE, It seems to me that that ought
to be the subject of a separate bill. It has no
proper place on an appropriation bill certainly.
It is a very important proposition, involving
the appraisement of lands which are measured
by latitude and longitude, by State boundaries,
vast territories of land. I am not certain but
that something in that direction ought to be
done ; but I think it ought to be done by some
separate action on the part of Congress as an
independent measure, and not be disposed of
iu this hasty way upon an appropriation bill.
I hope it will not be adopted on this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. The remarks the honor-
able Senator has submitted are just in one
view of the subject, and in another I think
perhaps not strictly so. This is in lieu of a
proposed appropriation. The Indians desired
Congress to appropriate a sufficient amount
of money to pay them for this land, but in lieu
of such an appropriation we.f>ropose that the
lands shall be first appraised, that we may know
how much they'are worth.
Mr. POMEROY. I thinfc*we ought to
meet this question fairly at some time. Sev-
eral years ago we made a treaty and took this
land from the Cherokees. They reserved,
however, the right to have nominal possession
of it until they were paid for it. They have
not only a legal but a just and equitable claim,
which, against a Government like the Govern-
ment of the United States, is better than a
legal one, because, if they have a strictly legal
one, they cannot enforce it, but if they have a
just and equitable claim, it stands really oa
higher grounds. These lands have been taken
possession of by the United States and other
tribes placed upon them. The Cherokees
have not been settled with. We ought not to
dodge the question. We either ought to come
up and make a direct appropriation of so much
money, or at least we ought to take measures to
find out how much we should appropriate.
1 understand the committee have now agreed
only to this one measure, that is to authorize
the President to ascertain how much should
be paid at some future time and report to Con-
gress. That is a shifting of the responsibility.
We have done it year by year. It was three
or four years ago that we made this treaty, and
promised to make this settlement, and we have
not done it. The Cherokees are here with a
delegation year by year asking for a settlement
for the lands ceded by the United States, which
we promised to take and pay for. We have
not done it. We should not dodge it any
longer.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
provision of the treaty, if any one here has it.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the com-
mittee has the treaty, I suppose.
Mr. STEWART. I thought I would not
say a word about this bill, but it seems to me
this is a singular provision. It is a motion to
appraise a lot of lands that do not belong to
the Indians any more than to tne, and which
is to involve the United States in further obli-
gations, The treaty of 1886, of course every-
body admits, should never have been passed.
When those Indians had gone into rebellion
there was no use in giving them back all their
annuities and giving them an empire, and recog-
nizing the nobility or aristocracy of that coun-
try any longer. We did that, however.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember the
section which makes this provision, but by
running down the marginal notes the Senator
will find it. iii the treaty of 1866 between the
United States and the Cherokee Indians.
Mr. STEWART. I want to find the pro-
vision of the treaty under which this claim
arises. If we are bound by it already, very
well; but I do not want to go into any addi-
