1872.
MM CONGRESSIONAL GLOtS.
The SPEAKER prg tempore. The Chair
will inquire of the geiitlemaa frorh Indiana,
when the House dispenses with furthpr pro-
ceedings under this call, and a quorum is
present, is there anything intervening to pre;
vent the House from considering the pending
bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. .Nothing.
. Mr. HOLMAN. jy my motion is agreed,to)
I will immediately call the regular prder. The
previous question has been seconded on the
bill.. . , •...
The SPEAKEJR pro tempore'. If the pro-
ceedings under t,ha call are dispensed with, a
call for the regular order, without any motion,
will bring the .bill befpre the House.
Mr. DICKEY. Then we will encounter
the old experience—gentlemen will dodge and
run out to prevent a quorum.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 do not think the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] is just
to the members of the House.
Mr. HAKH1S, of Virginia. They Will Hot
do so apy more. ,, ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] that furiher proceedings utider
the call lie dispensed with?
Mr. BINGfiAM. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. My thotioil is td dispense
with further.proceedings under the call.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Let us have
amnesty and.go oil with tlib bill.
Mr. CONGE It. I wish to make this re-
mark: we have for nine lohg, hours been
repealing over and over again, till this is the
fourth time, an attempt to have a Call of this
House, and as soon as a call was commenced
the House has dispensed tvith further proceed-
ings under it. Now, I say that it is due to the
members of the Houses and.to the Houise itself,
that we should proceed with this call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the
gentleman Will vote against the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DICKEY. Is there any understanding
thAt these gelltlelnen Are going to £tay here
and vote ?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, i desire td
make a parliamentary inquiry. Suppose tHe
House meets at the usual hour, what will be
the condition bf the member^ wlio are uiider
arrest? Will they tie fentltlbd to vote? 1 pre1
sume not. ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The order
of t,H& Houfi£ dispehfeiiig With further procfeed-
ings Urldiii- tHe call discb^fges thfe' delinquent
riiethbfcri, fihd they Will US at liberty to resumU
their seats iti the Hoiifee td-day or to-morrow,
this being still Friday's session.
The question &as put oh Mr. Holman's
motion; and there were—ayes 94, noes 19.
So all further proceedings under the ball
were dispensed with, and the dobrs were re-
opened. , .
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the Hou?e ordered the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
. Mr. HOAR. The gentleman did not vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will modify my motion*
and move to suspend the rules and pass the
bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. . What is the present con-
dition of the question? Were not the yeas
and nays ordered on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They via re
ordered on the passage ot the bill, which is
the question now beforp.the House. .
Mr. STARKWEATEtER. I Suggfest that
under the Cdhstitutiori you cahnot suspend the
rules So iHat the yeas fcnd nays cannot be
caj
The SPEAKER pro tetnpore. Gentlemen
will please understand the situation of the
question. The House has ordered that upon
the passage of this bill the question shall be
taken b§ $etU and hayi The gentleman from
Irtdianft now moves that the rules be suspended
ahd the bill passed without the taking of the
yetfs knd nays.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I raise the point of
OrdBr tUat it is hot a Jhle btit a constitutional
jSftWiSidH tliat the yeas and nays may be ordered
by one' fifth df thfe irieHdbers Resent.
The SPEAKER pi~o tempore. And the*Chair
wbtild rule th&t the yfeaS and hays ihight bfe
called oti the niotion of the gentlebalm from
Ihdiand:
Mr. HOLMAN. I'heri I ■foitbdrato' my mti-
tion to suspend the mites, and ask that the yeas
and nays may be taken upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr; CONGER. I make the point bf order
that wtibh the HouSe fotlnd itsblf Without a
quorum it was dividing, tftkihg the yeas atld
nays on the pasWge Of the Bill, ahd that no
intervening mbtion is in older until the yeas
ahd nays have been called on the passage of
the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order so far as it relates
to the motion of the gentleman from Indiana.
[Loud efies of "Call thB roll!"j
Mr. DONNAN; I rise to move that the
House do now adjfiurh.
Mr. HAY. I hope the Chair will etiter-
taiti thiit motion: [Loud crieS bf "Call the
*-oll!"] ...
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Clerk
■will proceed to call the roll when he has the
direction of the Chair so to do, and the Chair
will give that direction at the proper time;
but lie does not propose that ahyttting stiall be
done ,wh,ile .he is in the chair that is not
entirely fair to every member, without refer-
ence to whether it be agreeable or djsagteeable
to all the test of the House combined. The
gentleman from Iowa rose in time to make the
motiou to adjotirrl: Does life insist upon it?
Mr. DON NAN. 1 do insist upon it.
Mr. ACKER. I move that when the House
adjourns it iidjouHi to tneet on Monday next.
The questibn was put oil Mr. Aukers' mo-
tion ; aiid there were—ayes 73, noes 30.
Mr. CONGER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and tiays were Ordered.
The question Was taken ; and it was decldbd
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 76, not vbtihg
105 ; as follows:
TEAS —Messrs. Ackcr, Arthur, Seek. Bigby,
Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Buffinton, Cdidw&ll,
Campbell, Carroll, Cornier, Crosslatid, Dickey, Dox,
Duke, Henry D.,Foster, Getz, Giddings. Golladay,
JIaldem.in, lliimbleton, Handley, Hanks, IJarper,
George E. Harris, Herhdon, Litmison, ManSon, Me-
Clclland, Mcllenry, Niblack, Orr, Poland, Potter,
Price, Prindle, Randall, Read, John M. Rice, llob-
inson, Sion II. Rogers, Shanks, Slater, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Tnornas J. Speer,
Swann, Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tuthill, Van Trump* Vauglian, Wbifcthorne, "Wil-
liams ot Now York, Winchester, irxl Young—S9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Arbher, Banks, BafnuHi,
Beatty, Bell, Bmguam, J.uues G. Blair, Buckley,
Burdett, Opbum, Ooghlan, Comingo, Conger, Cottpn,
Oiebs, Cntcher, Dunnell. Karnes, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gitrfield, Garrett,
Goodrich. Ha'sey, Hancock, Harmer, John T. Har-
ris, Havens, Hawiey, llay,Gerry W. Hazelton, Here-
ford, Ilibbard, Hoar, Holm,in, King, Lansing, Lowe,
McCoHmck, McCrAry, MoGrew, Mclntyre, McJiin-
kin, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Packer,
Rosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck. Perce,
Peters, Ilainey, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
Roo&evelt, Rusk, Satoyeh Scofield, Sessions, Shoe-
in aker, Slops, Snapp, Starkweather, Strong.Thomas,
Twichell, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wells, Wil-
lard, \Villiams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
son-—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Artibler, Ames, Avefill,
Barber, Barry, Beveridge, Austin Blkir, Boles,
Brooks, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Cox, Creely. Crockeh l)a,N
rall, Davis, Dawes, De Large  Donrian, Du Bose,
Dueli, Bldredgc, Elliott, Ely, Farn&worth, Harwell,
Porker, Fryo, Griffith, Hale, Hays,. John W. Hazel-
ton, Hill. Hooper, Houghton, Keller, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kerr< Kotcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lam-
port, Leach, Lewis, Lynca, Marshall,, Maynard,
Mt-Keo, McKinney, McNeely, JVIercur. Merrick,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leo -
ard Mycra, Negley, Packard, Palmer, Pendleton,
Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, John Rogers, Sargent, Seeley,
Shelaon, Shellabar£er, Sherwood, Shober, Slocum,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer,
Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton,
Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher/TafFe, Dwight
Townsend, ^yner, Unson, VoorbeeS, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walden, Warren, Wheeler, Whitoley,
Jobii T. wilson, and Wood-105.
So tHk motion of Mr. Ac^er was not agreed
to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. DoNNANj that the House adjourn; ahd
being taken, upoh a division, ther6 ^ere—
ay'es 35, noes 78.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DONNAN called for'thfeyfeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there wer6 Nineteen iu the
affirmative, hot one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. DONNAN callied for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordfer&d, there being sixteen
iri the affirmative ; not one fifth bf d quorum.
The yeas ahd nayS wei*e, accordingly not
ordered.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order is the questiou upon the passage of Sen-
ate bill No. 569, for the relief of Thomas B.
Wallace, of Lexington, Missouri, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 104, nays 36, not voting 100 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Banks,
Bairnum* Beck, Bell, Bignj\ BigffS, Bird, James G.
Blait1, Braxton, BKght, BuflintOh, Burdett, Cald-
well, Campbell, Carroll, Coburn, (Joghlan, Comingo,
Connor, Orobs, Critcher, Crpsslat}il, Dickey, Dox,
Duke, Duniibll. Karnes, Farwell. Finkelnburg,
Cbatles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster;
Frye, Garrett* (Jet/,, Giddings, Golladay, ilaldeman,
Hatq.bieton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harmer,
liar per, George E. Harris," John T. Harris, Havens,
Hay, Hereford, Herndoti, HibbUrd, liolmttn. Kerr,
King, Lamison, Lansing, Lowe, Manson, McClel-
laod, McCormick, I\lcGrew, Mcllenry, Mclntyre,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Niblack. Palmer, Ilosca.
W. Parker, Pcrce, Eli Perry, Potter, Prico. liainey,
Randall. Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M, Rice,^ Rob-
ertson, Sion II. Roberts, Rootsevolt, Sepiony, Slater,
Sloss, H. Board man Smith, Suthefland, Swann,
Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Twichell, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wallace. Walls,
Wells* Whitthornc, Williams of ludiana, Williams
ofNew Yofrk, Winchesteh and Young—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Austin Blairi Con&er, Cotton,
Crocker, Dawes, Donnan, GarfieldrOoodrioh. Ualsey,
Havyley,Gerry W. Hazelton.lloar, Kelley, McCrary.
Mcjdnkin, Mclrriam, Negley, Oir, Packer, Peck, Pe-
ters.PoiandjEllisII. Roberts, Rusk.Sawyer, Shanks,
Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Snapp, Starkweather,
Stoughton. Strong, Thomas, Waldron, Willard, and
Jei-emidh M. Wilson—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler* Ames,
Averill, Barber, Barry,Beatty,Beveridge, Bjnghain,
Boles, Brooks, Buckley,Burchard.,Benjamin F. But-
l&r, Roderick R. liutlet, Clarke, Cobb, Cojt, Creely,
Ddrrall, Diivis, De Lsirge, Du Bose, Duell, El-
dridge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Forker. Griffith,
Hale, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hooper,
HoUghton, Kellogg, Kendall, KetcHanl, Killinger,
Kmsella, Lamport. Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Maynard. McKee, Mcftanncy, Mc-Neely, Mer-
cur, Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Morgan,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Packard, Isaac C. Parker,
Pendleton, Aaron.F- Perry, Phitt,Porter, Prmdle,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, John Rogers, Sargent,
Scbficid, Seeley, Sheldori, Shelliibat-ger, Sheiwbod,
Shober, Sloeum, Worthmgton C. Smith, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J, Speer, Sprague, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Stowell, St. John.Sypher, Taffe,
Dwight Townsend, Tyner, Upsoh, Vobrhees, "Wad-
dell, Wakeman, Walden, Warren. Wheeler, White-
ley, John T. Wilson, and Wood—100.
So the bill passed.
Mr. HOLMAN mhved tof rsbonsider the
vote by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The lattef motion w&s agreed tb.
OKDEil OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POLAND, t rise to make a privileged
report from a committee of conference.
' Mr. DICKEY. I mdve to postpone the
report until Monday next at twelve o clock.
Mr. POLAND. It will not take more than
a minute or two.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] to yield
to me to make a privileged motion#
Mr. POLAND. I will yield if I Can .have
the floor again to submit my report.
