2968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not say " ought
to be investigated." I said they had had the
Government for twelve years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; he says there
have been twelve years of Republican rule.
In one sense my friend is right. If you
refer to a controlling rule over the making
of the law, then the Senator is right. If
you refer to what we are talking about, the
conduct of the executive administration of
the Navy Department, then he ij wrong. For
four unlucky and unhappy years, from 1865
to 1869, I do not know anybody hei-e (if_I
shall not offend anybody whose politics is
doubtful just now) who would say that was a
very Republican rule.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. STEVENSON. Congress, which the
Republican party have had so large a control
of, could have stopped both the Executive and
the Navy Department by refusing to appro-
priate a dollar until the information had been
received. Therefore, they are responsible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be. The Re-
publican party 1 admit has not, like any other
people in this world, come up exactly to the
standard it has set up for itself. It has not
accomplished all the good that it intended to
do and that it intends to do ; but it means to
keep on ; as fast as it sees a wrong it intends
to correct it. But it was not easy for the Re-
publican party, busied as it was with the dis-
turbances in the southern States fomented by
the Executive, to devote itself to an investiga-
tion of his Navy Department at that time, even
if an investigation was necessary. 1 do not
say that it was necessary; but J say that I
think a great many of the acts of the Navy
Department and of its head during those four
years were not defensible. I think, in the light
of recent experience and recent observation,
a great deal of the money that was spent dur-
ing those four years was wasted, and some of
it that was spent ostensibly for the public
good was devoted to political purposes in aid
of the Democratic party.
So that, Mr. President, 1 am not defending
the Republican party for not having made war
sooner upon the administration ot the Navy
during the four years of Mr. Johnson's ad-
ministration. There is no doubt that during
that period of time there was a horde of peo-
ple who were determined to seize all the money
that was there and to make themselves rich
by it. Some of them succeeded; others did
not. I do not defend it. I do not defend the
Republican party for not having found it out
then, and punished it or stopped it. I only
say that as fast as we can we endeavor to cor-
rect every abuse which is brought to our
notice and every abuse that we can find.
But now, to return to the present condition
of affairs; the Senator says that we do not
kuow what the expenditures of the Navy De-
partment are. The Senator says that we have
no official statement on the subject. Now the
Senator is mistaken. I hold here 
Mr. STEVENSON. The honorable Senator
misapprehends me. I said that we had esti-
mates and reports of what the annual expend-
itures of the Navy Department were ; but until
we got information as to what had become of
the proceeds of the sales of materials sold by
the Navy Department we could not say whether
the expenditures had been confined to those
estimates; and I spoke in that respect on the
authority of oue of the highest Republican
officials in this Government, for I quoted from
him on that very subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very true that you
cannot add up a column of figures until you
put them together. Therefore, you cannot
tell how much has been received from the
sale of old stores until you look to see. You
cannot tell how much is turned into the Treas-
ury until you look at the accounts or reports
of accounts and see. That was the very rock
on which my honorable friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Schurz,] now unfortunately absent,
split when he set out on this grand arms invest-
igation. He had discovered that here was a
great want of putting figures together, and
there was a terrible fraud committed upon the
Treasury of the United States in a way that I
will not take time to go over; but it turned
out to his own satisfaction that his little trouble
was that in his enthusiasm he had forgotten to
read the reports upon which he relied, and to
deduct one column of figures from another in
reaching his results. That was all.
Now, Mr. President, if all that the Senator
means to say is that we cannot know how
much the sales of the Navy Department are
until we look at the figures which show them,
he is perfectly right. That is a proposition
which I cannot dispute, and that is all there
is to it. I repeat that from year to year the
reports of the Treasury Department and of
the Navy Department do show the sums of
money received from sales of stores, and
what has become of them; but you cannot
cart a dray-load of books into the Senate
Chamber, nor can you have that report from
any of these Departments unless you mean to
overload the Treasury Department by making
out things over and over again which will show
every item and every detail, because it is too
voluminous.
There is a statute now in force which says
that a detailed statement of all the receipts and |
expenditures of the Government shall be pub-
lished from time to time. What have we done
about that? The Departments have furnished
here and the Committee on Printing have—I
believe they are up stairs now—cords of books
in which all these accounts in detail appear ;
and what have we done ? On account of the
enormous and useless expense of making these
publications in detail, gentlemen on tile other
side of the Chamber connected with the duty
of seeing about printing have been inquired
of whether they wished to have these things
printed. They say no, of course they are of
no possible use to anybody. So that there has
been nothing kept back from any Department;
there have been full reports all the time. In
this particular instance you now have a spe-
cial report made weeks ago to the House of
Representatives giving at an expense no doubt
to the Government of five thousand dollars
and upward, in respect to these sales, a de-
tailed and minute account, and the Senate is
informed that to save $5,000 more and six
weeks more delay we are referred to that re-
port ; and now the great complaint is that it
is not printed !
Now, Mr. President, to inform my friend
from Illinois what have been the expenditures
oi the Navy Department, not the appropria-
tions, but the expenditures, 1 will read from
the official statement, where it is all brought
together. I will begin with the year 1860,
because that was the year when, as we all
know, in pursuance of the conspiracy to break
down th'e Government, all the expenditures of
the Departments were extremely small, and
everything was suffered to go to rack and ruin
in order to leave us defenseless when the re-
bellion should come.
In 1860 the total expenditures of the Navy
Department were $9,632,896 33 ; in 1861 they
were $27,541,431 01; in 1862 they were
$45,085,093 01 : in 1863 they were $83,722,-
141 50; in 1804 they were $105,573,725 46;
in 1865 they were $87,018,720 99; in 1866
they were $32,970,104 82; in 1867 they were
$27,789,300 22; 1868 they were $24,432,507 93;
1869 they were $19,947,096 65 ; in 1870 they
were $19,779,969 90 ; for 1871 the figures are
not brought up.
There you have a statement of the ordinary
current expenditures by calendar years, not
by fiscal years, up to the 31st of December
annually. During the four years of the war
that the Senator has referred to, there were
$300,000,000 appropriated and spent for the
expenses of the war ; but since that time yon
have a constantly decreasing expenditure, be-
ginning in round numbers with $87,000,000 in
1865 and running down to $19,000,000 in 1870.
I hope nobody will complain of the fact that
the expenses of the Government in this De-
partment have been constantly and rapidly
decreasing until we have reached almost the
pitch where in the years before the war (ex-
cept that of 1800, which I have specially ex
plained) the expenditures of the Navy then
stood.
Now, Mr. President, I agree with the Sen-
ator from New Jersey that instead of diminish-
ing the expenditures of the Navy Department
they ought to be largely increased, and that
we ought to appropriate double the money in
this bill for the purpose, as he has stated, of
strengthening and rebuilding our Navy, dis-
posing of the old material and having new, so
that we shall be at least respectable. That is
my opinion; hut at the same time I concur
with the Committee on Appropriations and
take the ordinary estimates ; but I do not think
the Navy Department merits any criticism in
respect to its conduct as to the expenditure
of money.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I should like
to ask the Senator from Vermont a question
which I did not ask while he was speaking,
as I did not wish to interrupt the order of his
remarks. I understood the Senator to say
that he had no doubt that during the four years
which elapsed from 1865 to 1869 the adminis-
tiation of the expenditures of the Navy De-
partment was wasteful, and its funds, in some
instances , misapplied for political purposes.
Did I understand him aright ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was about the sub-
stance of it.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. During this
peiiod, Mr. President, the Navy Department
was administered by a citizen of my State, in
whose personal integrity, although I have
differed from him very greatly on political
topics, I have always had the highest confi-
dence : arid I have felt from knowledge of rnv
own that his services as the head of that De-
partment during the war have never yet been
suitably appreciated by the country. Upon
hearing what the Senator from Vermont said
against that gentleman, I think it should be
made a little more specific, and I therefore
ask the Senator to specify in what way. or to
what amount, orat what time, or where, during
the period which elapsed from 1865 to 1869
the funds of the Navy Department were mis-
applied for political purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state as far as 1
have any knowledge, and will leave the rest to
my belief. In the first place, I wish to correct
my friend. 1 did not allude to any particular
person,_ and by no means did I allude to the
head ot that Department, who I have no rea-
son to believe was personally dishonest; but
he. like the head of every other great Depart-
ment in this Government having many opera-
tions, many bureaus, and many oliicers, can-
not personally know all the performances that
are going on inside of his Department. There
may be^ frauds in the Treasury ; there are no
doubt frauds in the Treasury every day, and
have been since the Government began, of
some little and petty character of one kind
and another that the Secretary of the Treasury
does not know and cannot know. There are
frauds by disbursing officers in the Army, and
have been since the country began its exist-
ence, in various parts of the country where offi-
cers were stationed, which the Secretary of
War is not responsible for. Therefore, as far
as 1 have any knowledge, I am willing to ac-
quit Mr. Welles of what I said, as it respects
any personal guilt on his part. But we had a
little investigation during that time into some
of the affairs of the Navy Department respect-
ing the sale of some of those ships that are
now making such a fuss in this debate, and it
did appear in that investigation (and if Sen-
