228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
done. There is no inquiry as to how many
votes a man may have received or may not
have received, so that he had a majority of
each house. They simply declare that Mr.
whoever it may be is elected Senator, and
that is the certificate with which a Senator
comes here. It simply declares that he is
duly elected; nothing about the number of
votes received. That is the declaration which
the statute requires, and nothing more. I
only mention this for the purpose of showing
how we may comply with all the provisions to
complete an election.
Scan the language:
"each house shall openly, by a viva voce vote of
each member present, name one person for Senator
in Congress from said State, and the name of the
person so voted for who shall have a majority of the
whole number of votes cast in each house shall be
entered on the journal"—
and shall be declared elected.
Will you tell me that Mr. Abbott had a ma-
jority of all the votes east in the two Houses?
He certainly had not. Then how was he
elected? Because, it is said, the majority
voted for an ineligible man. Be it so. That
does not make any difference to Mr. Abbott
whom they voted for. They did vote, but did
not vote for him. Whether the person voted
for can take his seat or not, certainly he
(Abbott) was not chosen by the majority.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me at that particular point to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose on the elec-
tion on the first day a constitutional quorum
of both houses was present, and suppose when
the roll was called only ten men in each house
had voted, and they had all voted for Abbott,
would not Mr. Abbott then have had a majority
of all the votes cast in both houses ?
Mr. LOGAN. But that is not the case.
They did vote.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then if the votes they
east were cast in the face of the Constitution,
and are therefore void in a legal sense, there
were only ten votes cast in each house.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the gentleman is
mistaken. If there were only ten votes polled
in each house you would have had no quorum,
and could not have had an election.
Mr. CARPENTER. But I am supposing a
quorum to be present.
Mr. LOGAN. How do you tell that a quo-
rum is present except by their votes?
Mr. CARPENTER. The constitution of
North Carolina requires that a quorum of each
house shall be present. It appears that a
quorum was present. That is conceded.
Mr. LOGAN. Conceded where ?
Mr. CARPENTER, In your report.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course we concede that
a quorum was present, because their votes are
recorded. We concede the record, in other
words. That is all. The record shows that a
quorum voted; but in the ease the Senator
puts, if there were but ten men voting there
would not be a quorum. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin pretend to say that if only
ten men in this Senate vote when thirty-seven
are required to make a quorum those ten
men can pass a law?
Mr. CARPENTER. What I do pretend is
this: that if the Senate were to proceed here
now to the election of a clerk by ballot or
viva voce, and ten votes were cast, a quorum
being present, those ten votes would make the
election.
Mr. LOGAN. Where the names were
called and the record made?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes.
Mr. LOGAN. Ten votes?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes.
Mr. LOGAN. A quorum being present?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes.
Mr. LOGAN. Being present how? Do jj
you say that a man is present here who, when
his name is called, does not answer? No, sir ;
he is constructively out of the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the word
"present" just as I suppose everybody else
does, to mean an actual, physical presence in
this Chamber; he may be sick or well, drunk
or sober, but he is here.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose they are present
and do not vote at all, what kind of a proceed-
ing would you call that?
Mr. CARPENTER. I should call it an
election made by the minority, the majority
acquiescing. That is what the books call it.
Mr. LOGAN. I should call it a revolution-
ary proceeding. You can call it what you
choose. Suppose Senators here should refuse
to vote on any bill for days, should sit here in
their seats and absolutely refuse to vote, would
not that be in violation of the rules: would not
that be a revolutionary proceeding?
Mr. CARPENTER. Take the ordinary
proceedings of this body on the passage of
bills; the question is put from the Chair;
those Senators who are in favor of the bill are
invited to vote for it; two naen in the whole
body answer, and nobody votes against it; does
any one doubt that the bill is legally passed,
there being a quorum present?
Mr. LOGAN. Of course not when there is
no record; but if the roll is called, I say it
requires thirty-seven answers yea or nay before
you can pass a bill. If you call the roll there
must be a quorum answering, and if a quorum
does not answer your bill is not passed. So
this very section of the statute provides that
a majority of the votes cast (a quorum being
present of course) constitutes an election. A
quorum was present, a majority did vote, and
they did not vote for Mr. Abbott.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to put a question? If 1 annoy him by
doing so I will not do it.
Mr. LOGAN. It is no annoyance to me.
Mr. CARPENTER. I put the question
because it is the quickest way to get at this
point. Suppose you call either house of this
.Legislature to elect a Senator; there are a
hundred men present, being a quorum. When
you call the names ninety men get up and say
"music," and ten men vote for Abbott. Now,
the question is whether the ninety men who
have said '■ music" have cast ninety votes, or
whether they have simply waived voting, and
by their answer shown their presence? "Mr.
Abbott, then, under that act of Congress has
a majority of all the votes cast, not a majority
of all that were present, not a majority of the
quorum, but a majority of all the votes cast.
That 13 all the act requires.
Mr. LOGAN. But the language of the stat-
ute is "by viva vooe vote of each member
present."
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator means
to give that construction to that phrase, that
would put it in the power of a single member
of either house to defeat the election. If the
statute requires that every man must answer,
then one man in either house can prevent the
election of a Senator forever.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no
Mr. CARPENTER. Why not? There is
no escape from the conclusion.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no. One man cannot
do it because the majority of those present
would be the majority that would elect, and
that is the language of the statute. The ma-
jority of those present and voting, casting votes,
give the majority of the votes cast, a quo-
rum being present and voting. That, I pre-
sume, the Senator concedes.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. You cannot proceed without
a quorum,
Mr. CARPENTER. Of course not.
Mr. LOGAN. Then a quorum being pres-
ent, a majority of the votes cast elect, the
record showing a quorum voting.
Mr. CARPENTER. But the quorum we will
say is sixty, and there are only ten votes cast.
Mr. LOGAN. The record must show a
quorum voting, as we can only be governed by
the record of votes; ten votes is not a quorum,
nor can you proceed to business with ten votes.
But I am not going to discuss a proposition
that there is nothing in. That is not a parallel
case. There ia no such thing existing in this
case as only ten members voting. They all
voted. It is unnecessary to discuss the point
as to what would be the effect of a case that
has not occurred. It amounts to nothing.
The whole Senate might refuse to vote, and
nobody would be elected. The result would
be that the State would be without representa-
tion. If the State Legislature by any improper
action fails to eleet, the State is without rep-
resentation. That is its punishment, and that
is all the punishment that is provided for.
You do not provide any punishment for a stub-
born man who will not vote. I do not know
what rules the North CarolinaLegislature may
have made on that subject. They may have
a rule that when a man sits still stubbornly
and refuses to vote he may be censured or he
may be expelled. I do not know anything
about their rule in that respect. That is to be
settled by themselves.
But so far as the question under this statute
of the United States is concerned, I do insist
that a quorum being present, which is a majority
of all the members elected, no man can be
chosen Senator unless a majority of the votes
cast are cast for him. All your talk about
ineligibility makes no difference unless your
man has a majority of a quorum. It is non-
sense to talk about a man being elected with-
out a majority of a quorum under this statute,
which requires the person elected to have a
majority of the votes cast when a quorum is
present and every member voting. If there
were one hundred and five members in the
house, fifty-three made a quorum, and he
must have had a majority of that quorum, there
being only a quorum present. It in the senate
forty-eight were the number of members,
twenty-five would constitute a quorum, and he
must have had a majority of that quorum, there
being only a quorum present; Mr. Abbott did
not have this ; he bad but eleven votes in the
senate. If a bare quorum had been preseut,
his ?ote would not have been sufficient to elect
him. Besides, when you call the seventy votes
in the house and the thirty-seven in the sen-
ate that were not cast for Abbott nullities,
you have no quorum. You cannot count the
votes given for Mr. Vance for the purpose of
making a quorum and then call them nullities
for the purpose of electing Mr. Abbott; if you
refuse the record made of these votes for
Vance as evidence you must refuse it for all
purposes; then you will have no record to
show that Mr. Abbott had any vote at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will permit
me at that point (as that is the only issue be-
tween us) to state that I say you can ; but if
yon cannot, of course that ends it.
Mr. LOGAN. I have as much right, to say
you cannot as the Senator lias to say you can.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. You need not be so positive
about it unless you allow others the same
privilege.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want you to con-
vince me if I am wrong. If there is a single
decided case sustaining the Senator's position
' on this point, I will yield.
Mr. LOGAN. Interruption does not bother
me at all, but I would not undertake to con-
vince the Senator. I have argued cases before
juries, and before courts, but to undertake to
argue a case before the Senator from Wiscon-
sin and eaavince him is a thing that no man
