280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
tavern-keeper the State in which he lives;
every manager of a theater the State in which
he lives; every conductor of a railroad the
State 111 which he lives; and under an amend-
ment of the Constitution that only authorizes
you to deal with States it undertakes to say
that every conductor of a railroad, and every
manager of a theater, and every little hotel-
keeper or inn-keeper in the United States is
the State in which he resides. I shall have to
get blind and be unable to read the Constitution
before I can ever go for such a bill as that.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out the
last section merely that I may have an oppor-
tunity of replying to my friend from Ohio.
He seems very sensitive. He says that I
would make every hotel the State. The Sen-
ator knows well that a hotel is a legal institu-
tion; I use the term advisedly, and the Sen-
ator is too good a lawyer not to know it. A
railroad corporation is also a legal institution.
So is a theater, and all that my bill proposes is
that those who enjoy the benefits of law shall
treat tho^e who come to them with equality.
It takes advantage of the eondiiion of these
different institutions—I will so call them—and
insists upon bringing them within the domain
of law and of equal rights. They are already,
to a certain extent, within the domain of law.
I insist upon applying to them the principle
of equal rights. Whoever seeks the benefit
of the law, as the owners and lessees of thea-
ters do, as the common carriers do, as hotel-
keepers do, must show equality. How can
they claim the protection of the law unless
they accord equal rights to all? I insist that
everything that they do and all their regula-
tions shall be in conformity with the supreme
law of the laud which is the Declaration of
Independence. The Senator cannot answer
that. He may smile. I know, but I commend
that to his thoughts during our vacation. Let
him consider the binding character of the
Declaration of Independence in its annuncia-
tion of fundamental principles. The Senator
does not believe in it. Very well. There are
some others who do, and my biil is simply a
practical application of it. Now, I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. With the
consent of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] I move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I thiuk thatis a breach
of the agreement entered into yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The agreement has been
violated by the friends of the bill xor two
hours.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
for the Senate to judge. The Chair has no
power to enforce the agreement, which is
merely an honorable understanding binding
on Senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make an inquiry
whether by the motion of my colleague it is
intended that we shall go into executive ses-
sion merely for the purpose of opening the
doors again after we finish the executive busi-
ness, or for the purpose of then adjourning ?
My vote will be guided by that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say that
the Senator from Illinois suggested to me that
it was no longer of any use to remain here, as
the House of Representatives has adjourned.
There is a certain amount of executive busi-
ness which really ought to be done to-night,
and 1 therefore move that we go into executive
session tor the purpose of adjourning when we
get through with that.
Mr. IHURMAN. Will my friend withdraw
that motion for one moment? I offered this
morning a resolution that touches the constitu-
tion of the Senate, membership in it, and its
consideration was objected to by my colleague.
He now does not insist oil that objection" I
know of no objection to it, and I hope that it
may be taken up and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I said to my col-
league 1 will repeat to the Senate. I will not
stand in the way of the exercise of a personal
right by any individual, by my own solitary
objection. I shall vote against the resolution
and shall oppose it, but I will not by my arbi-
trary veto prevent the consideration by the
Senate of any resolution affecting the rights
of an individual.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
relative to the Senator-elect from Alabama.
Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What has become of
the motion for an executive session ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Momull] moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the honorable Sen-
ator will withdraw his motion for a moment,
that I may say a word, I do not know that I
shall then offer any objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from South Carolina will renew the motion
I withdraw it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I see plainly that the
amendments nowtaebed on this bill are calcu-
lated to defeat it, and the amendments have
been voted on the bill by friends of amnesty,
by men who have heralded themselves through-
out the country as the friends of amnesty. I
merely wish to call the attention of the country
to their votes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I renew my
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business is not debatable.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 25, noes 27.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays S3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Fenton, F'relinghuysen,
Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont.
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Kice, Robertson,
Sehurz. Scott, Stewart, Sumner, and Win.lom—'23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Brownlow, CasserJy, L'onkhng, Cooper.
Davis of Kentucky. Davis 01' West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan. Flanagan. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Jolmston, Kellogg,Kelly,
Lewis, Norwood, Isye, Sauisburv, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spencer, Stevenson, Thurman,Tipton, Vickers,W esc,
and Wilson—33.
ABSENT—Messrs.Cameroo, Chandler,Cole,Cragin,
Ferry of Connecticut. Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Morton. Ooborn, Ramsey, Sprague,
Stockton, Trumbull, and Wright—10.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. NYE. To show that we are all in favor
ofamnesty, Inow move that the Senate adjourn.
That seems to be the only course.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 23, noes 2o.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say one word
in reference to the course pursued on this bill
by some of its friends. My colleague has seen
fit to say that 
The PRESIDENT protemj)ore. Itis neces-
sary for the Senator to move an amendment if
the understanding prevails.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask what the pending
question is?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to strike out the
second section of that amendment. I was
about to remark that my colleague hat? seen
fit to say that the friends of amnesty, or those
who claim to be its friends, have slaughtered
the bill by moving amendments, or by voting
for amendments. Now, Mr. President, I am
one of those who believe that an amnesty bill
when passed should be a proper one. There
are many features which 1 would be willing to
waive in this bill which are nevertheless very
objectionable; but lam uot one of those whose
love for amnesty ia such that it cannot wait a
very few days for a certain verdict on the part
of Congress in regard to it. 1 have no more
question that this Congress in a very short
tune will pass an amnesty bill than 1 have that
the time will come about when we shall assem-
ble again.
I am not one of those who wish in aDy
amnesty biil at the same time to put into any
better position than they now occupy ihose
who in defiance of the law and tiie Constitu-
tion have accepted office under the Govern-
ment, or have been elected to office under the
Government. I am uot disposed to pass a hill
which is so framed as especially to protect the
cases of men who are very obnoxious to Con-
gress, and I do not understand the doetiine
which compels roe, because I am in favor of
the main object ofthis bill, toswallowany and
every objectionable feature there may b- in it
because, forsooth, I cannot get to-day what I
may just as well have two or three weeks
hence. J do not believe the country asks
us to do anything of the sort. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew theamendment, and
I do it merely for the purpose of doing what
others have done, making a few remarks in
referei^e to it. I am very sorry to hear the
remarks made by the Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Sawyer] in reterenc* to waiting,
after the desire that he exhibited here to have
this bill passed. I am free to confess that my
attempt to help pass this amnesty bill is the
first one I have ever made Since I have been
in Congress I have universally voted against,
such bills. I have been induced to change my
opinion by the statements of the g-ntli-man
from South Carolina, and the gentleman from
North Carolina and other gentlemen from the
South representing southern constituencies. I
came to suppose that I was wrong in the opin-
ion I had entertained, 'lime and again they
have talked to me in reference to this matter
and given me reasons why an amnesty bill
should be passed. 1 acceded to their views,
and I have persistently to-day voted against
every amendment that has been offered here,
for the purpose of accomrnoda' ing those gentle-
men and carryingout what tht-y insisted was tin;
.proper thing to be done in order to benefit
them and the Republican party. They said it
was good policy for the Government. I havu
so voted also in accordance with the message
of the President of the United States, though
not particularly for that reason so much as
because these gentlemen had induce.! me to
believe that it was light to do it.
But on this floor to-day the very trentU-men
who have induced men entertaining the same
opinion that I didentertain to vote priv,stonily
against every amendment, have bf(-n par'.iai y
the cause ot the defeat ot th:s b;il. \\ hiie we
have voted persistently against amendments,
some of them have voted for amendments,
when those amendments were presented !or no
purpose (not in their mind, but in my judg-
ment,) than todeleatthis bill; and until when?
Until a certain thing shall transpire ; and what
is that, sir? It is uutil a committee shail re-
port on the right of a Senator to a seat in this
body; it has been lor that purpose, in my judg-
ment, and none other. Gentlemen have been
seen around this Chamber button-hoiiti'.; mem-
bers to get thetu to vote for an amendment iu
order to postpone this biil until certain things
shall have transpired; I have witne.-sed it
myself.
Now, I maintain that that question hiis noth-
ing to do with this. The question as to the
election of a Senator who claims a scut here
cannot be affected by thi# bill, whether it passes
without the amendment of tb<? Senator from
Indiana or with the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana. When gentlemen persistently
will attempt to amend such a bill, go as to post-
pone it, for the purpose of striking oue man
and affecting nobody <;! <*, and every one can
sec that that is the effect of this and the iuten-
