1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No..327) to establish the collection district of
Duluth, and to create St. Paul, in the collec-
tion district of Minnesota, a port of delivery,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 539)
authorizing the construction of a railroad
bridge across the Ohio river at or near Evans-
ville, in the State of Indiana, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to put that bill on its pas-
sage now. It provides for the construction of
a bridge across the Ohio river at Evansville,
and it is important that it should be passed at
an early day. I understand the committee
have reported an amendment, which is agreed
to by the engineer department, with a view
of protecting the interests of navigation. I
should be glad to have the consent of the Sen-
ate to put the bill on its passage. I think it
will give rise to no debate at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at the
present time. Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, and also the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. MORTON. On the reading of the
amendment I think 
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the thing is to be dis-
cussed the bill had better go over and be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY. If it was a bill for a single
bridge I would not object; but it is a general
law affecting all bridges on the Ohio.
Mr. MORTON. I was not fully advised of
the matter, and I am willing it shall pass over
until to-morrow morning.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the last clause
has been embraced in some previous law with
regard to the Paducah bridge; I thmk that is
not necessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made, and the bill is not before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 662) authorizing the construction of a
railway bridge across the Ohio river at Mount
Vernon, Indiana, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1657) to amend section two of the act of
August 30, 1852, in relation to the transporta-
tion and exportation of imported goods, wares,
and merchandise in bond through certain ports
in the State of Texas, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. _ The same committee, to
whom was recommitted the bill (S. No. 577)
to reestablish the branch mint at New Orleans,
and to restore the same to the city of New Or-
leans, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report it back with an
amendment. It is a very short and very just
bill; it has passed the Senate once, and I ask
unanimous consent that it be considered at the
present time. I feel sure there can be no
objection. The effect of this bill is to reestab-
lish the branch mint at New Orleans, and if
it cannot be reestablished to surrender the
building and grounds to the city according to
the terms of the original grant.
Mr. WEST. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill will go over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
that bill in relation to the mint at New Or-
leans referred to the Committee on Finance.
That is the committee that has always had
jurisdiction of the subject. I am surprised
that it should be acted upon by any other com-
mittee. I move that the bill be committed to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will state that this bill
proposes that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall transfer to the city of New Orleans the
building and grounds of the branch mint
which has been vacated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No matter
what it proposes, if it concerns the Mint it
should be considered by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let it go over. That
matter can be considered hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Finance. The
question is on that motion.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does this motion require
unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
cannot betaken up to-day, as it is just reported,
without unanimous consent.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
bill will go over.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution for printing five hundred addi-
tional copies of the bill reported the day before
yesterday from the Committee on Finance, to
report it back without amendment; and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the uso of the
Senate five hundred additional copies of the bill (H.
11, No. 173) to repeal the duty upon salt, as reported
from the Committee on Finance, February 21.
CHICAGO EIllE.
Mr. LOGAN. If it is not out of order, I
ask the consent of the Senate for the recom-
mittal of what is known as the Chicago relief
bill. I have spoken to most of the members
of the committee. I do it for the purpose of
giving the committee now here from Chicago
an opportunity of appearing on Monday, or
such day as may be fixed upon, before the
committee to be heard. I hope there will be
no objection to the recommittal for that pur-
pose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. It. No. 555) for the
relief of sufferers by fire at Chicago, with a
view to recommitting it.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on recommitting the bill to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vsrmont. I ask leave
to introduce a bill which has been presented
to me by a committee representing a conven-
tion that recently assembled at the Agricul-
tural Department, a convention of a body of
men of high character, and hardly ever sur-
passed in this country for their intelligence.
While I have not examined the bill in detail,
I cordially approve of its general scope and
purpose.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 693) to provide for
the further endowment and support of colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts, and the liberal and practical education
of the industrial classes in the several pursuits
and professions in life as established under an
act of Congress approved July 2, 1862; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 694) to relieve John A. Pledger, of Tyrrel
county, North Carolina, and others, from legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 695) to extend the right of citizenship to
certain persons born within the Territory of
Oregon previous to the year 1846; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit
tee on the J udiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
696) to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at Boonville, Mis-
souri ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 697) for the relief of Andrew B. Battelie,
of Marietta, Ohio; which was read twice by
its title, and with the accompanying papers
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE. I ask unanimous consentto take
up Senate bill No. 528. It is a very short bill,
and there can be no objection to it, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have been waiting half
an hour to introduce a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
in the nature of an objection.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 698) relating to certain lands in the State
of Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimou-i
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 699) fixing the salary of the United States
attorney and United States marshal for the
district of Nebraska; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 700) for the relief of William Todd ; which
was read twice by its title, and with the accom-
panying papers referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 701) extending the time for
the completion of the Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-canal; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 702) for the relief of William H. Retlier-
ford and George Kaius, of the first Michigan
cavalry volunteers ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to bo printed.
HARBOR OF EVANSVILLE.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Pe^oJvrd, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish the report of Major TV". E. Merrill, of the
corps ot engineers, upon the sutvey of the harbor at
Evansville, Indiana, if consistent with the interests
of tho public service.
NEVADA COLLEGE GRANT.
Mr. NYE. I move now to take up the bill
indicated by me a little while ago.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 528) to continue ia
force a grant to the State of Nevada for sun-
dry purposes. It provides that the grant nnda
J to the State of Nevada under section three of
the act of July 4, 1866. entitled " An act con-
cerning certain tends granted tt> the State of
Nevada." shall not pease by reason of the fail
ure of that State to provide ai least one col
