,
1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2969
; ators are very curious I think I can look up
- the testimony and have it read) that, not to
spend any time in detailing them, some very
; extaordinary performances in tbe way of ad-
■ vertisiug ships for sale, and then taking pains
to have them awarded to the lowest instead of
the highest bidder, took place in that Depart-
. roent. One of them we stopped and broke
i up : one or two we were unable to ; the thing
had gone too far : and from all the circum-
stances that appeared before the committee,
I believed we all thought—I think there was
one Democrat upon it, but I have forgotten at
this moment—and I am sure my friend would
think if he were to see tbe testimony 
Mr. KERRY, of Connecticut. I read, it and
am perfectly familiar with it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe my honorable
friend would think it was altogether probable
that the margin which was to be made between
the highest bid and the lowest by certain peo-
ple. and 1 do not know but that those gentle-
men were citizens of Connecticut 
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. No; citizens
of New York. But 1 will ask the Senator
another question: if anything in that testi-
mony indicated a misapplication of any funds
of that Department for political purposes ? I
speak of the whole testimony to which the
' Senator now refers, with regard to the result
of which my opinion is different and always
has been from his own.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 say, and I am willing
to repeat it over and over again, because 1
believe in the right of expressing my opinions
founded upon evidence which is satisfactory
to me, that in the course of that investigation
tbe very circumstances to which my friend
and myself are now alluding convinced me,
as 1 am sure they did many other gentlemen
of the committee, (and I think I am right in
saying all, but 1 will not be certain about
that,) that this performance was not designed
for the sole and exclusive benefit of one man,
whose name I forget, but that he having got
the ostensible benefit of it, certain, grand
operations in the way of supporting Mr.
Johnson and his policy and carrying on the
campaign were to be contributed to out of it.
A great many other things came to my knowl-
edge in the course of that investigation which
I admit would not hang a man. 1 should not
send a man to prison upon that evidence, but
we sometimes in this world act, so far as
expressing our opinions is concerned, upon
moral evidence. We must do so; and I am
speaking of moral evidence. I am not charg-
ing anybody. I said that I was convinced,
and 1 repeat it, that a great deal of the funds
and property of the Navy Department was
obtained in one way or another by excessive
contracts and undei-bids and all that sort of
chicanery which can be resorted to and the
chiel of the Department still be ignorant of
it or be deceived about it, and the benefit of it
was carried to the propagation of the party,
whatever name you give to it, of which An-
drew Johnson was the then head. That I
believe; 1 say I believe it upon moral evi-
dence and circumstances that have come to
my knowledge, and did then.
Ve must act upon moral evidence. I be-
lieve tnat my honorable friend from Connecti-
cut is a man above reproach. I would trust
uncounted money in his hands ; I would trust
ray honor in his hands as iar as one man may
trust his honor in any other man's hands; and
1 should not fail. How do I know? 1 only
do it upon moral evidence, which convinces
rae that it would be a safe thing to trust; and
'tis just so with our belief touching operations
jhat are carried on in the departments of the
government, or in political affairs everywhere,
rrorna certain connection of men and facts
together, you cannot always avoid the conclu-
sion that there are cats under the meal; and
so in respect to the Navy Department, without
impugning Mr. Welles in the least, who, 1 be-
lieve, was a man who intended to do right,
but who had several subordinates who were
very sharp, and I may get into a quarrel with
somebody else if I sav very unscrupulous, but
who had somesubordinat.es and people around
liim who were very sharp, and who did not
always tell him what was going on. 1 say that
1 felt justified in declaring, and I feel justified
now in repeating, that I believe a great deal
of the public property and money was wasted
and the ultimate benefit of a large portion of
it went to carry on the political objects of the
party that was then resisting the Congress of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL._ Mr. President, when I
made a few remarks in reply to what was said
by the Senator from Rhode Island, now occu-
pying the chair, I had no expectation that
they were to be seized upon with the excite-
ment that was manifested by the Senators
from Indiana, New Hampshire, and New Jer-
sey, who, in reply to an inquiry as to how
much money had been expended upon the
Navy, and why it was that we had no Navy
after the expenditure of so much money, went
off into a burst of patriotism. I had said
nothing adverse to having a proper navy; I
had said nothing that justified the speech
made by the Senator from New Jersey when
he referred to me as making an attack upon
the Navy. My inquiry was to know how
much money had been expended upon the
Navy, and why it was with this vast expend-
iture of money that we had no results.
I know, Mr. President, that when you touch
a sore upon the human body, the patient
squirms under it; and it seems this was a sore
place upon the body-politic to make an inquiry
as to what had become of all the money appro"
ptiated for the Navy Department in the last
seven yeais. The Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamux,] cool, dispassionate as he ordinarily
is, became very much excited, ana there was
a great deal of impassioned eloquence ex-
pended in the Senate ; and after awhile, no one
at the time being able to give us the inform-
ation as to how much had been appropriated
in the last seven years for the Navy Depart-
ment, we have the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] coming in and undertaking to give
us tbe information. I do not know l'rom what
he read ; I tried to interrupt him to ascertain,
but he declined to be interrupted and went on
to read certain figures. I should be glad now
to know from what the Senator read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator had told
me that he wished to ask a question instead of
making a speech, I should have yielded with
the greatest pleasure. The thing- is entitled,
and it has been furnished to every Senator,
''Statement of receipts and expenditures oi
the Government by warrants, from July 1,
1855, to June 30, 1871, prepared in the office
of the Secretary of the Treasury by J. H.
Saville, chief clerk." It has been sent to
every Senator; it contains a very interesting
table of the whole expenditures of the Gov-
ernment from the beginning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Senator was
reading it for me for information, having pre-
viously sent for the finance report communi-
cated to this body at the commencement of
this session by theSecietaiv of the Treasury,
I looked over the statement given us by that
officer of the amount expended on the Navy
during the very years that the Senator from
Vermont undertook to inform the Senate about;
and 1 state to the Seriate that not one of his
figures is correct. The expenditures as stated
in the pamphlet from which he reads differ
millions from the expenditure given to us in
the finance report of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, may I ask the
Senator from what page of the finance report
ho reads ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The eighteenth and
nineteenth pages of the finance report. I
believe the years referred to by the Senator
are on the nineteenth page of the finance
report for 1871; and he will find the figures
entirely different. On looking at these figures
it will be found that we expended in the six
years ending the 30th of June, 1871, more
than one hundred and sixty-one million dol-
lars on the Navy. More than one hundred
and sixty-one millions have been expended
on this Navy in these last six years. What
has become of it?
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. How much was expended
on the Army for that same time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have to add
up the figures. It is stated here, but I do not
know what that has to do with the subject
which I am discussing.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator thought it was
very strange that we did not know every-
thing. I put the question to him partly on
that account. I want to know how much has
been expended for the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs desires to come
to me for instruction as to how much was
expended on the Army, about which I am not
supposed to be specially advised; I am not
chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs; but the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire is chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and he is supposed to have some
information in regard to the appropriations for
the Navy Department.
Then, Mr. President, there has been ex-
pended in the aggregate more than one hun-
dred and sixty-one million dollars, that is,
nearly twenty-seven million dollars a year, on
the Navy since the 1st of July, 1865. What
has become of it? The Senator from Rhode
Island told us that our appropriations were
niggardly. More than tweuty-six million dol-
lars a year have been appropriated, on an
average, for the last six years, and that is a
niggardly appropriation ! I think it is a large
appropriation.
Now we have got some other information
from the Senator from Vermont. He tells us
the Navy is no larger now thau it was beforo
the war. Then the pay of the Navy is no
larger now than it was before the war, unless
we should have increased it, which I think wo
have to some extent; but that would not make
any very considerable difference m this large
amount which is appropriated for the Navy.
Before the war the largest sum of money ever
appropiiated for the Navy in any year was
$14,OUO,000. We have appropriated i>12,000,-
000 a year on an average since the war closed
more thau we ever did before it began, and
we have got a navy of the same size. What
has become of this 812,000,000 a year ? What
have we to show for it? The Senator from
New Hampshire says we have built no new
vessels. Weil, but you have undertaken to
repair old ones, and the appropriations have
been very large for materials. I find by the
appropriations made in 1870, that there was
$1,250,000 appropriated for materials, and
$2,000,000 for labor.
As 1 said when up before, millions have
been appropriated in procuring new material
and for labor upon our vessels. What has
become of this vast sum of money? And why
is it that we have no Na%y? Why is it that
our Navy is in the disgraceful condition spoken
of by the Senator from New Jersey ? Is it for
the want of appropriations, or is it for the
want of a proper expenditure of the money
which we have appropriated? Why are these
millions put into old vessels that are worth
nothing? There must be fault somewhere. If
these vessels are worth nothing we should not
be appropriating money by the million to
expend upon tliem.
Now, there is no party matter about this.
The Senator from Vermont seems to suppose
that it is an attack upon the party. By no
means. It is no matter whether it was done
