282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decen.ber 21.
million people were engaged in it, because they
established a government with its president,
congress, legislatures, and all civil officers of
a complete government, and for four long years
expelled the Government of the United States,
and themselves held supreme control over all
their territory; yea, not only this, but they were
able and did invade one of the great States of
the North, and there fought battles but little
excelled in. the world's history. Could these
people, then, with their government de facto,
be guilty of treason? Could eight million
people be guilty of treason? If so. then eight
million people would pay the penalty, and all,
all be executed on the scaffold or under the
guillotine. Mankind revolts at the thought.
The savage would fall back aghast at the
bloody scene. The tyrant of the Dark Ages
could not sleep on his bloody pillow. The
more enlightened of the Middle Ages would
spurn the thought, while the civ ilization of the
nineteenth century would, with a common voice,
cry aloud against the barbarous act, and expel
from all enlightened countries the Government
which would so far forget the laws of nature
and humanity as to perpetrate a deed so hor-
rible and shocking to the feelings of mankind,
and so repugnant to all the laws of God and
man. This view the United States entertained,
hence no one has been tried or executed for
treason.
But suppose those at whom this law was
aimed were guilty of treason, still this joint
resolution is unconstitutional; for view it how
we will, it is an effort on the part of Congress
to punish for treason without the forms pre-
scribed by the Constitution and the laws made
in pursuance thereof. The Constitution of
the United States, article three, section two,
says:
" The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall bo by jury."
Section three:
"No person shall be convicted of treason unless
on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt
act or on confession in open court."
Now, this law does virtually adjudge the sev-
eral parties guilty of treason, without indict-
ment, without trial, and without specification
of any overt act. Not only this, but it affixes
a punishment not known to the Constitution or
laws made in pursuance thereof, and without
even giving notice to the parties intended to be
affected thereby. Where is the authority or
precedent for this? None can be produced,
because none exists. It is, therefore, to my
mind,palpably and manifestly unconstitutional,
and the sooner the American Congress shall
blot it from its statute book the more to the
credit of the Government.
Moreover, this law, reversingallthegreat car-
dinal principles of legal jurisprudence, which
assume the innocence of all men until the con-
trary appears, actually starts oat with, the
guilt of the party, and requires him to prove a
negative, to prove that he was not guilty. It
requires him to prove that he opposed the re-
bellion, and that he was distinctly in favor
of its suppression. It requires him to prove
an impossibility. For if perchance a citi-
zen of the South—and there were such—was
opposed to the rebellion and in favor of its sup-
pression, is it to be presumed that he would,
in the midst of thousands of confederate sol-
diers, have uttered such a sentiment? If he
had been the only Union man in his neighbor-
hood, the presumption is irresistible that he
would have kept such sentiments to himself,
and therefore cannot prove he was " distinctly
in favor of the suppression of the rebellion."
The said joint resolution is unconstitutional
-'in another point of view. It says:
"And no pardon heretofore granted, or hereafter
to be granted, shall authorize the payment of such
account until this resolution is modified or re-
pealed."
This last extract shows the true character
of the law. It proves Congress regarded the
act for which it punished in the nature of a
critninal offense, else why provide that " no
pardon" was to restore those brought within
its scope? Neither Congress nor the President
has power to pardon for any act except crim-
inal, and if the framers of this resolution had
not regarded it in the nature of a criminal law
no provision would have been made against
pardons. This being conceded, as it must be,
by the very terms of the resolution, I again
hold that it is in violation of the Constitution
in this: that pardons, when unconditional, are
absolute, and restore the party to all his rights
in every respect as he exercised and enjoyed
them before the commission of the supposed
offense for which he was pardoned. It makes
him a new man, it wipes out all the crime and
its consequences attached by the laws. It
places him in the same situation as if he bad
been regularly tried and acquitted by a jury
of his country. There is no partial relief by
an unconditional pardon ; it is full, and not by-
piecemeal. To sustain this position, sir, I
beg to read from the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the case of ex
parte Garland, 4 Wallace. Mr. Justice Field,
delivering the opinion of the court, says :
"The Constitution provides that the President
shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses aaainst the United States, except in cases
of impeachment. The power thus conferred is un-
limited. with the exception stated. It extends to
everyoffenseknown to the law, and may be exercised
at any timo after its commission. This power of the
President is not subject to legislative control. Con-
gress can neither limit the effect of his pardon uor
exclude from its exercise any class of offenders.
The benign prerogative of mercy reposed in him
cannot be fettered by any legislative restrictions.
When the pardon is full it releases the punishment
and blots out of existence the guilt, so that in the
eye of the law the offender is as innocent as if ho
had never committed the offense." * * *
"It removes the penalties and disabilities and
restores him to all his civil rights."
Here then, sir, is the plain, clear, and un-
equivocal declaration of the Supreme Court
that the pardon wipes out all penalties and
restores the subject to all his former rights,
and that Cpngress has no right to abridge or
curtail his rights thus restored by reason of his
pardon. Yet Congress does, in the face of this
exposition of the Constitution by the highest
judicial tribunal known to the Government,
declare that "no pardon heretofore or here-
after to be granted shall authorize the payment
of such accounts," thus setting at defiance
the Constitution as expounded and interpreted
by the only tribunal authorized to do so.
The Government was wisely divided into three
departments, the legislative, executive, and
judicial. It is made the duty of the judicial to
pass upon the constitutionality of the various
acts of the legislative department. It is the
great balance-wheel of the Government, in-
tended by its framers to be placed above passion
and the excitements of the hour. Yes, sir, it is
even placed above the people, the source of all
power, in order that at least one of the three
great departments should sitas an umpire upon
the judgment of those who, however honest,
may be influenced by the excitement of the day
to do great national wrong.
Sir, to have a Government we all love and
respect we must have a power to pass on all
disputed questions—a power to whom the peo-
ple cati look with reverence and respect;
otherwise we have no fixed laws or principle
of government. If the legislative department
is to absorb all power, and absolutely control
its coordinate branches of the Government,
then indeed will our boasted liberties be but
an empty name and a burlesque on repub-
lican government. Cardinal principles of one
Congress will be upturned and set aside by the
next, thus changing the construction of our
Constitution and the laws professedly made
under it, as the varying and shifting scenes of
party may produce new actors upon the great
stage of our national Legislature. This ought
not to be. Our only safety is in quiet and
implicit obedience to the decisions of the
Supreme Court. When it speaks let all good
citizens submit, and execute the laws as it ex-
pounds them. We will then have quiet, peace.
good order, and good government. Otherwise,
disrespect for the Government, disorder, dis-
content, and want of confidence will surely
follow.
Did Congress respect the decision of the
Supreme Court in the case to which I have re-
ferred? I think not. That decision was pro-
nounced in December, 18W>, in which the clear
opinion is announced that pardon works full
restoration. In the face of this, on the 2d of
March, 1807, Congress passed this joint reso-
lution, saying pardon should not work restora-
tion of all rights. So we find Congress over-
riding the law of the Constitution as expound-
ed by the Supreme Court, and doubilpss made
that very provision in consequence of and to
annul that decision.
Not only this, sir, but Congress reaches out
its strong arm and grapples the executive
department of the Government by laying down
the law by which it shall be governed in the
payment of debts which it contracted, and savs
to it in effect, "You shall not execute the
law as it was when you made these contracts,
nor shall yon execute it because of the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court, but you shall be
governed by the resolution of Congress, with-
out regard to the will of either of the other
departments of the Government."
Congress thus assumes and centralizes tho
whole Government in itself. It absorbs the
other departments, and becomes the center
and whole controlling power of the Govern-
ment, leaving the other coordinate depart-
ments to carry out its will and execute it3
orders.
But the Treasury Department goes a step
further. It requires the claimant and creditor
to takean oath in accordance with the joint res-
olution, and, in addition, to produce two loyal
witnesses of the same county of the creditor,
who can testify that they knew "he conducted
himself during the late rebellion as a loyal cit -
izen of the United States." Let us now, Mr.
Speaker, test the constitutionality of this law
and the oath prescribed in conformity with it.
The Constitution says:
"No bill of attainder or #>-r pnni farlr, law shall be
passed."
A " bill of attainder" is the attempt of the
Legislature to punish persons without the in-
tervention of trial by the courts. It takes on
itself both the functions of the law-making
power and the judiciary. It pronounces the
party guilty, without giving him an opportunity
ofbeing heard, and wholly disregards a trial be-
fore any proper tribunal, butassnmes his guilt,
and by its test-oaths and otherwise punishes
without trial. This obnoxious practice had
obtained in England, and it was the object of
our forefathers to avoid it here and ibrover
prevent such laws from being enacted. The
bill passed in the reign of Henry VII1 enacted
that—
"All persons which be or hereafter have been
eomforters, abettors, partakers, confederates, or
adherents, i-c.." « -   # "shall stand
and be attainted, adjudged, and convicted of trea-
son."
So, by an act of Parliament, the Earl of
Clarendon, in the reign of Charles 11. was for-
ever banished the realm. It was with a full
knowledge of the acts of the British Parlia-
ment that the fratners of our admirable form
of government provided that "no bill of at-
tainder " should ever be passed. The object
was to prevent Congress from doing what the
British Parliament had done, punish without
trial, and by classes as well as individuals.
Therefore the Constitution provided that trials
for crime should be by jury. Such legisla-
tion and power were considered incompatible
with a republican form of government and
the free institutions guarantied by our organic
law; hence the authors of our Constitution
provided against the recurrence of the acts of
the mother country.
I shall now show, by the opinion of tho
Supreme Court in the can- referred to, that
said joint resolution, and the oath prescribed
