2970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
during Andrew Johnson's time, President
Grant's time, or Mr. Lincoln's time. That
makes rio difference to the country. The ques-
tion I ask is, why with these vast apprecia-
tions we have no Navy?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question just there?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him, just to test
his knowledge of naval affairs, which I know
is great, to take the appropriations contained
in this very bill of $17,000,000, to take out
the pay and the subsistence of the Navy, the
expenses of ships that you must have on for-
eign stations, and then let him tell me how
many new ships, always providing for those
that have to go out to take the place of those
broken down, yon can build, or whether you
can "build one ship even, supposing the law
would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
build a ship, which I believe it does not with-
out special authority of law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have already shown
how ranch in round numbers ought to be left, i
The whole expenses of the Navy in the year {
1861 were, in round numbers, §12,000,000;
in 1860, §11,000,000; and the largest sum that
was appropriated to the Navy at any time be-
fore the war was in 1850, when the expendi-
tures of that Department of the Government
were something over fourteen million dollars.
Now, take the very laigest, sum which was ever
spent on the Navy before the war, and it. is
only $14,000,000. For the last six years it
has averaged nearly twenty-seven million dol-
lars. What litis become of the difference be-
tween the $14,000,000 and the twenty-six or
twenty-seven millions? What has become of
the §12,000,000 in round numbers that has
been in the hands ot the Navy Department?
_The Senator says lake out the expenses
of paying the oQicers and seamen and every
necessary expense and what have you got
left. It cost very little less to pay the officers
and the seamen and the ordinary expenses
before the war than it does now. it costs
something more now, but nothing like $12,-
000,000. Here is a large surplus that ought
to be sufficient to put the Navy in good con-
dition, as it seems to me. 1 he Senator may
answer then by a sneer, that the Senator from
Illinois knows all about naval affairs. That
may bo a satisfactory answer to him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not made any such
answer.
Mr. TKUMBULL. The Senator did refer
to the knowledge of the Senator from Illinois
about the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because I was going to
ask hitn a question about it.
Mr TRUMBULL. . No one could misun-
derstand the tone or the manner or the object
of the remark of the Senator. That does not ,
answer the question as to what lias become of i
this large amount of money. 1 think we ought j
to have something more to show than we have I
got. If the money was put upon vessels to I
repair them, as the Senator from Kentucky has '
stated three quarters of a million upon some
vessels, it ought to have made them good ves-
sels, it seems to me. '
The Senator from New Hampshire in his
zeal went on further to say that not a dollar
of money had been used for any other pur-
pose than that for which it was appropriated,
or without authority of law. Did I under-
stand him aright?
Mr. OR A GIN. That is the supposition. I
suppose that is true. I have no doubt it is true.
Ot course I do not know as to all the details.
Mr. TliUHBVLL. It may be the Senator's
supposition, and he may believe it to be true ;
but did the Senator ever hear of the Secor
claim ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I have heard of it.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. Does not the Senator
know that after by act of Congress that had
been settled and paid the Secretary of the
Navy paid $98,000 more?
Mr. CRAGIN. Does the Senator want an
answer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, I want an answer.
Mr. CRAGIN. I know, in the first place, that
the $93,000 was never settled for by law. I
know that a settlement was authorized by the
lav/ of 1868 of the particular claims reported
upon by the board that was appointed by the
Navy Department, simply claims for the in-
creased cost, of labor and materials; and that
the claims for extra work were not considered
at all by that board, and that the claim more
recently paid by the Secretary was for extra
work not included at all in the report of that
board.
Mr. ANTHONY. And expressly excepted
here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, out of
the mouth of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and of the Senator from Rhode Island,
if he indorses it, 1 will undertake to show that
this money was paid contrary to law. They
; are both parties to a report made by the Naval
Committee of this body in 1870, in which they
say expressly that the act of 1868 appropii-
ating %>11S,000 was a perfect discharge of all
[ claims to these parties. When did new light
[ dawn upon these gentlemen? And such is the
i fact..
! Mr. CRAGIN. Will the gentleman allow
j me?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state the case
! now. In 1862 the firms of Seeor & Co. and
Perine, Secor & Co. undertook to build cer-
i tain vessels for the Government at a contract.
I price of something; over twelve hundred thou-
j sand dollars. They proceeded to build those
vessels. The Government of the United States
i made some change in the plan of the vessels,
and they claimed that they were delayed,
i They were paid for the extra work done on
j those vessels more than half a million dol-
I lars. The vessels were completed in 1804.
I They were paid the whole contract price, and
I received it. They were paid more than half
; a million dollars for extra work, and received
; it.. They then came to Congress m 1807 com-
1 plaining that they still ought to have some-
i thing more; that in consequence of the inter-
j lerence of I he Government with their contracts
they had been delayed, that during the delay j
| the piices of materials and of tabor went up, .
j and that they bad m consequence suffered loss,
} and they a;-k Congress to relieve them. Con-
gress in 1807 pasbed a law authorizing the Seci e
tary of^the Navy to investigate their claims.
Mr. CRAUiN. I suppose the Senator wants
to be accurate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAGIN. Congress did not pass any
law—
Mr. TRUMBULL.
in 18(57.
Mr. CRAG IN. The Senate in executive
session passed a resolution.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. Well, we shall see. I
say Congress passed a law in 1867, and I am
sorry that the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs is so ignorant of the action of
the Oongiess of the United States. Congress
passed an act 
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 wish to correct my state-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought
want to correct it.
Mr. CRAGIN. Congress did pass a joint
resolution. I referred to a resolution passed
by the Senate before, requesting the Secretary
of the Navy to call a board.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Congress passed a law.
A. joint resolution is a law. There is no escape
irons it.
Mr. CRAGIN. Ther,
that.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Congress passed a law
in 1867 authorizing the Secretary of the Navy j
to ascertain whether anything was due to these j
parties, ot whether they were entitled to any- j
thing on account of their claims. Under that i
Congress did pass a law
you would
law the Secretary of the Navy organized a
board to examine into the whole matter. That
board made a report, the next, year, in 1868, to
the Congress of the United States. Thereupon
the Congress of the United States, in 1868,
passed another law appropi iating the amount
of money which this board found that these
parties were justly entitled to, and provided
in that law that the same should be in fall dis-
charge of all claims on account of these vessels.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is that the Lan-
guage ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the langnage.-
Here is the law :
"Shall be in full discharge of all claims against
the United States on account of the vessels upon
wliick the board made the allowaoc-e."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is a differ-
ent thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No,
account of the vessels upon
made the allowance."
Mr. FRELINGHOYSEN.
vessels" or " the claims?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is
account of the vessels."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN.
sir; it is "on
which the board
say-
Is it " on the
' all claims on
But I wish to
The Senator wiil have
is no doubt about
Mr. TRUMBULL,
an opportunity.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not know
that 1 will hare an opportunity ; I do not
know that. I shal! desire one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You may speak now,
then.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. All I wish to
say is ihat the reason ot my asking the ques-
tion is that the Senator certainly stated only
part of the ianguage and unintentionally omit-
ted a v'.ry materia! part of the language of
that statute.
Mr. i'RUMBULL. I did not. state the
whole statute, but I stated ail of the statute
that is applicable to this case. It shall be
"in full discharge of all claims against the
United States on account of the vessels upon
which the board made the allowance, as pet
their repoi t, under the act of March 2, 1867."-
Do.es the Senator mean to say it was not in
full discharge of the claimson which the board
acted? Then why did the statute say it was
in full discharge of all Claims on account of
the vessels?
Mr. tRELINGHUYSEN. Does the Sen-
ator wish an answer ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if the Senator
chooses to make ao answer.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Idonotwishto
intrude but 1 am leady to give one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this received a con-
struction by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire 
Mr. CRAGIN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And by the Senator
frotn Rhode Island. 'Ihe Senator from New
Hampshire is very fierce to contradict me; he
is ready to deny a statute until 1 have to turn
to it and convict him; and he is ready to deny
his report, but I hold it in my hand, and these
denials will not lelieve him from the official
documents. I hold here in my hand a report
made^in the Senate of the United States, May
12,1870, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
lhere is no dissent from that report by the
Senator from New Hampshire, andnowletme
read what it saysi
Oil the 13th of July, 1868, an act was passed
directing tne payment of these amounts o these
parties —
Referring to the case of Secor & Co., and
Perine. Secor & Co.—
by which^aot it was declured that these payments
snouJd be in fnll discharge of all claims against
tae buited fetates on account of the vessels upon
wtncti the board made the allowance, as per their
report, under tho act ot March 2. 18G7.'
Under tae stress of an overpowering necessity,
as ttiey allege, these parties received those amounts,
inat m law such receipt is a complete bar to all
inrther recourse, cannot be denied."
