THE CONGRESSIONAL
May 25,
suits heteafter instituted against persons reading
in said -northern district, or suits concerning lands
situate^ in tho same$in. the courts of the United
States, shall be in said district; and there shall be
held annually, in said district, two stated sessions
of the court, to wit* &fc Monroe, on the first Mondays
of May and November in each year; and a person
leirrifediii the law; residing in said northern dis-
trict, shall be appointed by the President of the
Un^ed States, by and* with the4advice and consent
of the Senate, judge thereof, with a salary of $3,500
jier aniium; payablfe semi-armusUly, with the sdme
power's and duties as the district judge of the United
States, for the district of Louisiana as-it now exists,
and such as are codierred upon him or required of
him by this act, #ho is re^Uiffed to hrild said terms,
and authorized and required to hold special sessions
of the saidotmrt m the said northern district, for
the trial of civil and criminal cases, whenever he
iMy dbeni it ekfcedieht; that all (processes, Writs,
antt recognizances of evefy kind, whether respect-
ihg juries, witnesses, ba^l, or otherwise,4which relate
to cases to be triecj at said, special sessions, shall be
considered as belonging tb Sflid session^, in the same
manner as if they had been issued or taken with ref-
erence thfereto ? that any special sessioh may be
adjourned to any time or times previous to the next
stated meeting of the distHct cduti for said districts;
that all business pending for trial at any special court
sh^ll, at the <?lo§e thereof, be considered as of course
removed to the next stated term of, the court; that
the district coiirt iri said rioRnerri iiistHct shall pfer-
fdrm all the duties and possess all the powers of cir-
c^uitcourts of the jUnited States for the State of Louis-
iana, except in oases of appeal and writs of error,
and the said jiidge snail appoint a clei-k of the court
in th& northerh district, who shall reside and keep
the records of the^court at that place, and, shall
receive for the services performed by him the same
fees ahd Comitensatiori tiiiil are allowed.UJ the tflfcrk
of said court holding its session, in NeW Orleans; m
Ijliq same Stat.e, and ^hall be subject in every respect
to the same restrictions arid responsibilities. And
thb aistrJbt cohrtforthe edstern district shall be held
in New Orleans as heretofore, and it shh.ll be tho
duty of the clerks of the district and circuit courts
of the United States in New Orleans to transmit by
soip.o safe conveyance, or deliver to the clerks pf the
northern distnot, or to their drder, the original
papers in all such cases 8S properly beiytig to thb
eolirtiu the northern distHct by the provisions of
this act, together with a transcript of the proceedings
had therein.
Sec. —. That the Prerfid'eht of the United States bb,
and hereby is, authorized, by and with the consent
and advice of the Senate, to appoint one person as
marshal arid ode as district attorney for tho said
northern judical district of Louisiana, created by
this n,ct; rind t^itt the terms of appomtijientau(a ser.
vice, together ■frith the dutifes and responsibilities
of said-marshal and district attorney, respebtively,
for the district aforesaid, be in ail respects the same
witnin their said district, as to the tfernis Ofappoint-
inent and services, the duties and responsibilities of
the uiarshal ahd district attbrh'ey.respefctlrety, of the
present district of Louisiana; and said marshal shall
fec.eiVo shch feesand emoluments <is ar.e received by
the marshal of the United States for the State of
Louisiana; and the said attorney shall receive an
auuual^compensation of $250, and the,same fees and
etoolumonts as are allowed to the attorney of the
Umtcd'SfatejJfor the district of Louisiana.
Sec.— . That this act shall not affect the completion
of .the census of the State of Louisiana for the jear
1870, ahd nothingiicrein shall Affect eiistinff lavfrsor
existing officers ekcept &s herein modified and pro-
Tided.
Mr. WEST. I know of hb reason that can
be advanced in favor of a division of the State of
Nfrrth Carolina into two judicial districts that
will not apply to the State of Louisiana. The
chairman of the Judiciary Committee has re-
ported adversely in one casd, and'the com-
mittee has reported favorably in tlie dther.
But bei-liaps an . hdditibnal rfeasdn irhy we
should have two judicial districts in Louisiana
is thafc we hare & more extended population
than the State of North Carolina* and before
tb<3 war we had two districts, and the nature
of the judicial business there ig such as would
make it very desirable to our cdnirtounity. At
the same time I am apprised by the Senator
from Nortii Carolina that this ig a special
fea^* feht I 'cduld h'ot kit Still ahd s&e dctioh
By Congress in favor of.one State and not
raise my voice for that which I in part repre-
sent J not conld I ctiii§eiit tci tvithdrdfr this
amendment. I therefore submit ifc to the
judgtn^ht of the Senate whether they con-
sider it advis&blfe to attach it to the bill or
not, . „,
Mr. THURMAN; If an amenQifaent were
offered withbut eVei* having bfeferl bfefore the
committee, I imagine.no one would think
Of putting it on thb bill > but on the con-
trary therfe *dUid be etid&at impropriety ac-
cording to the universal practice of the Senate,
in attaching' it. But it seems that if a bill is
referred to a committed and the comthlttee
report against it, then it stands ih a much
b'etter position than if it had never been re-
ported upon at all. That is a little odd. I do
not mean to say that the report of & commit-
tee ought to be conclusive against a iiieasu/e
any more than it should be in fafor of a thfedb-
ure; but 1 do think it is not a very good wdjr
to load dovfai a bill that is.repeated upon
favorably by attackihg to it bills upon fthicH
an adverse repdrt has been made. I under-
stand very well that Ihfe chairEtUiu of the corh-
mittee desires this amendment, to be made j
he so avowed, and he nas laid tke foiiridation
for it by some very singula!* rbmarks or insin-
uations about the committee itself. He has
said that perhaps if the Seti&t'or from TndiaH&
had been on tlie committed his bill^ohld naV'e
been reported favorably, arid I Stippo6e He
might have gone on to say that if thfe Sdn&tbr
from Louisiana had been ori the committee
his bill would have been reported favtitably.
I confess that these observations struck fcue
with something of surprise. I did not expect
oiie of the oldest Senators in this body, arid
the chairtftan of one of the' most important
dorhmittees, to make insinuations of that kind
against the c'omtiuttke over which he presided.
Mr. TiltfMdULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to incfuire if he can give any
reason on earth frhy the State of Louisiana,
with the great city of Nefr Orleahs and all its
business, is not as kuuch Entitled to two dis:
tricts as North Carolina? ,
Mr. THtjRMAN. That is altogether a dif-
ferent thing, sir. Tbe Senator might suppose
that the members of the committee who voted
against the Louisiana bill had treasons for it
that were entirely satisfactory to themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator From
Ohio, who is one of that committee, would
state what, the reason i?.
Mr. THURMAS. If we must go into a dis-
eusKion of all these bills, well and goodand if
the Senator wishes to drkg the Committee on
tjie Judiciary, over which he presides, before
the Senate for trial, I am ready to go to trial
with him on that question whenever the Sen-
ate has ample time and opportunity to hear the
discussion ; and, if he wishes, to take up these
bills one by one and bring up the evidence be-
fore the committee in reference to them and
sec whether the committee was justified in its
action or not. But, sir, would that be right ?
I take it that the respect that is due to mem-
bers of this body forbids any such imputation
as that or any such insinuation as that, itere
is a bill which the committee lias reported in
favor of. Suppose it be admitted that Louis-
iana is equally entitled. That, 1 take it, is no
reason wny this bill should be defeated by be-
ing loaded down with the amendment. If it
is to be amended in this particular, then every
other, bill of the kind is to be attached to it;
and that, I fancy, is exactly the object of the
Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays ujion it. I should like to know upon
what principle this is done.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POOL. I must appeal to the Senate
to vote this amendment down. If it is adopted
it will send tjie bill back to the House and be
a defeat of the measure.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 32; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Caldwell, Casserly,
Clayton, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Perry of
Connecticut, Elanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Fome-
rpj>, Robertson, Sehurz, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers.
West, Windom, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Cam-
eroh. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkliiig, Corbett,
Cragin, Frelinghuysen, (Hlbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Howe, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt; Ramsey, Jtansobi, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Seott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurraan, and Wilson—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
bam, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, ierry
of Michigan, Goldthwaite, llamlin, Hill, Johnston,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Bice,
Spencer, ana Sprague—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAYTON. I offer the following
amfendment as additional sections to the bill:
That thfere shall be held by the judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the western dis-
trict of Arkansas, two terms of said court in each
year, on the first Mohdays of April and October, at
Foft Gribson, in the Indian territory ; and that such
public,,buildings at said place as the judge of said
eojnt shall designate, be, and are hereby, set apart
for tlife use of said court; ind terms of the circuit
and district courts shall cohtinue to be held at Fort
Smith),as now prqvided by law.
Sec. 2. That all male persons over twenty-one
yfears of age residing in said district shall be cornpe-
telit to Serve as jurors in said court held in said ter-
ritory: Provided, That the judge may, in his discre-
tion, strike from the jury list or exclude Irom the
panel any person deemed by him Unfit to &erve,
either on account of bad character or for Other
cause.
Sec. 3. That hereafter, the counties of Benton,
Boone, Carroll, Pope, Newton, Washington, Madi-
sbn, Johnson, Fratiklin, Crawford,Sebastian, Sarbe,
Scott, Polk, Pike, Sevier, and Little Kiver, in the
State of Arkansas, and the Indian territory west of
said State, shall be deemed and be the western dis-
trict bf Arkansas, and tlie residue of said State shall
be deemed and be the eastern district of Arkansas;
and the judge of the eastern district shall hold the
ifefms of the United States district court now re-
quired by la\V to be held at the city of Helena, in
said State.
.Idfefeii-fe to say that this is the amendment
reported by the Judiciary Committee to Sen-
ate bill 628, find it is in conformity with a
message ^eht here by the President. In addi-
tion to thai I desire to say that the western
distHct bf Arkansas, as now constituted, is
nearly eight hundred miles in extent from east
to west, and the expensfes of the tsresiern dis-
trict notv constituted amounted last year to
&bdtit Mro Kuiidred ahd sixty thousand dollars.
Thfes'e figlirfeS I havfe from the Department.
This prOpbfeiti'oh is to establish a cburt in the
Itidiarf tetritoi-J', and at the satfae titne tc-
change th& tferiitbf-ial district go as to reduce
expehsfes; It is vtery important that this amend-
ment shduld bfe.passed.
Mfr. TRUMBULL. I Will inquire of the
Setifctbr iS this in the precise form lii which it
was t-epbrted By the cbtnmittee?
Mr. CLAYTON. It is tbe prfecise amend-
ttifent teported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. "TRUMBULL. I hope thfe Senate will
consider this, if it is the bill I have so fre-
quently tried to get the attention of the Senate
to. It establishes a court ih the Indian coun-
try. I stated to the Senate, but perhaps it
may have been forgotten, that there have beeti
great disturbances ih the Indian country. Some
ten persons were killed there a few weeks ago,
and among them some two or three United
States marshals. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, who w?as in that region of country at the
time, telegraphed here in regard to it, and we
had a communication from the President in
reference to ii. It is a difficult subject to deal
with. We have received many papers in regard
to it, and have had a correspondence with the
Attorney General. I have called personally
at the Department of Justice to get the views
of the Department ih regard to the best mah:
ner of dealing with this subject. The trouble
is in trying persons who commit crimes iri
the Indian country. The State of Arkansas
is divided into jtwo judicial districts, and the
western judicial district of Arkansas is ex: '
tended over this Indian country ; but no court
is held in the Indian country. Strange as it
may seem, the judge of the western district
of Arkansas is required by the present law
to hold a. court at Helena, on the Mississippi
river, fiis district reaches clear across the
whole length of the State of Arkansas, froni
the Mississippi river, and then over the whold
Indian country. The expense—-I hope Sena-
