1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2971
Where is the Senator from New Hampshire
now?
Mr. CUAGIN. I did not agree to the report
at the time and do not now.
Jlr. 1RUMBULL. Ah, did not agree to
it; the record shows he did. Show me your
disseut on the record.
Mr. CRAG1N. The majority of the com-
mittee always carry reports and bills in my
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL If I dissent from a re-
port, I generally make it known. The chair-
man of the committee, it seems, now repudi-
atesthe report of his own committee. I wonder
if the from Senator Rhode Island will repu-
diate it, too. This was the report made by
the chief justice of the Court of Claims, then
a member of this body. It was the report,
and the unanimous report, of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, so far as appears. Now,
Mr. President, the Senator wants to know if
any money was illegally paid ; I tell him yes.
It is no matter whether the money v/as due to
these parties or not. Why, Mr. Px-esident, it
had been settled in the Gist place, settled by
a former Secretaiy of the Navy. Not satis-
fied with that, these parties come to Congress.
Congress passes two laws 011 the subject, and
says in so many words that the money it ap-
propriates, one hundred and fifteen thou-
sand and some odd dollais, shall be in full
discharge of their claims. The parties take
it, and receive it, and the committee of this
body say that in law such a receipt ii a com
plete bar to all further recourse; and yet
your Secretary opens it and pays ibem $93,000
more. He might as well have paid tliern
$93,000,000 more if he could have got it.
it is a bald, naked case of viola1 ion of posi-
tive statute, and so stated by the Naval Com-
mittee that now undertakes to palliate and
excuse it through its chairman.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the Senator from Illinois in his openiug re-
marks said that thirty or forty millions had
been expended by the Navy Department and
there was nothing to show for k. A Senator
holding his position to the Administration
should not wonder that a charge cf that kind
attracted attention. It is impossible that we
should not listen to it. It is nothing less than
a charge of haud against the Administration.
It comes from the Senator who has made
repeated charges of that character, and after
tedious investigations have been gone through
with. It comes at a ciideal time in the pass
ing events of the day, and it is astonishing to
me that the Senator tiom Illinois should say
that there is undue sensitiveness because his
remark attracts attention. It is not that he
had as lie suggests touched a sore spot in tue
party, but because the position of the Senator
to that party is now peculiar.
l am free to say that I observed with regret
while one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment was being investigated before a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, that
one who is under sanctions of his office and
whose constitutional duty in event of the
charges being maintained it would neces-
sarily become to sit in judgment and try the
officer accused, should, upon a political plat-
form, in a neighbciiug citj, before thousands
ofcitizcns, pronounce his judgment of the guilt
of that high official. I have known that gen-
tleman from his boj hood. The Secretary of the
Navy is my friend, he is honorable, and he
isnonest. His character will bear compari-
son with thai of any member of the Senate,
and I was grieved that one who has taken upon
himself an office whie'11 involves the duty cf
trying the truth or falsehood of the charge
which a coordinate branch is in a preliminary
way investigating in re'ation to that officer,
should, in hot haste, before the country, pro-
pounce a judgment against him, which, were
it accepted, would tend to stamp his character
With infamy.
And I am but little better pleased with the
judgment on the law which the Senator in
this oS-hand manner strives to give to this
question. It is possible that question may yet
come before this tribunal. I do not intend to
be tempted to follow the Senator's example,
but simply to read the law as it is in the statute-
book. If'that vindicates the Secretary it ishis
due. What is this case ? The Messrs. Secor
had contracts with the Government involving
hundreds of thousands of dollars. It became
the interest of the Government to check and
delay the performance of those contracts for
months. During those delays the prices of
materials and of wages greatly advanced, so
that vessels which might have been built for
three or four hundred thousand dollars, per
haps,j:ost $.500,000. The Messrs. Secor made
claim to be indemnified by the United States
for the damages occasioned by these delays.
They justly insisted that they should receive
compensation for the loss which had accrued
to them in performing those coutracts by rea-
son of the delay which the Government had
occasioned. It was that, and only that, which
a board was called upon to adjudge and de-
termine.' Now let us see what the Govern-
ment did in the premises. Was the payment
the United Stales made 011 the award of the
board in full for all claims against the United
States on account ot these vessels? That is
not what the Secors claimed or the board
considered, and is not the reading of the law.
The statute says the payment must "be iu
full discharge of all claims against the United
States on account of the vessels upon which
the board made the allowance as per their
report."
Now, the question is one of construction.
Does the statute provide that the payment
shall be in full discharge of all claims on ac-
count of the vessels, or m full discharge of all
claims upon which the board made the allow
ance as per report? These aie two very dif-
ferent propositions. The law says the latter,
and we know that what Congress was author-
izing to be paid and satisfied was the result of
the finding of the board, and what the board
found «as the damages occasioned by the Gov-
ernment's delay, that was what the Seeors
were, according to the finding of the board,
to be compensated for. What is this other
claim of the Secors that has been since paid?
Why, sir, perhaps $20,000 to one vessel and
$20,000 to another, for extra work actually
performed and not included in the contracts.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator whether, iu the claims considered by
the board, ther° was anything for construction,
or simply for damages resulting from deten-
tion ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Nothing else in
the world but indemnification for the damage
the detention ot the Government occasioned.
Mr. ilORTON. The construction account
was not embraced ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will read
the act of 1807 he will see that it was "to in-
vestigate the claims'' that the board was
appointed for.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We are not
dealing with the statute of 1807. My simple
desire for the truth prevents me frcm being
diverted from the point. The question is
whether the Secretary of the Navy has vio-
lated the law which said that the payment
which was made was in full discharge, &c.
We have nothing to do with the statute of
1867, but with the statute of 1S68. That is
the statute on which the Senator bases his
charge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was based on the
act of 3867. Does the Senator mean to say
they are not be construed together?
Mr. FRELINGHQYSEN. My purpose is
to show the two different constructions claimed
for the statute, one which the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
seeks to give it, and the other which is appar-
ent on the face of the law. Just here is the
whole case. These contractors had a claim
against the Government for the delays the
Government had occasioned. This board
found the amount of the damage for these
delays. A statute is passed saying that that
award shall be in full tor the claims on which
the board passed. After this it appears that
there were charges amounting to $93,000 for
extra work peiformed to various vessels, with
which this board or their award had nothing
to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Half a million had
been paid for extras.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very probably
that is so. It is not the practice of the De
partment to wait until a vessel costing two or
three hundred thousand dollars is completed
and then pay for it, but the Government pay
for extras and pay on the contract as the work
progresses and as it is required, and that
$500,000 had been paid for extras has no
more relevancy to this question than to say
they had paid for some other vessel. There
is the case. After this Government had paid
for the damage which had been occasioned by
their delay, were these contractors and builders
to throw m for nothing, to receive no compen-
sation for the extras actually ordered by the
Department to be done to those vessels'? As
well claim that the vessel was to be built for
nothing. I think that it is exercising great
freedom for the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate to pronounce his
judgment on such a case against one of the
Departments ot this Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dt-sire to come back
to the figure question with my friend from
Illinois, it he can stick to one point long
enough to have it finished. He says 1 read
from a pamphlet. So I did, if a book that
has a paper cover is a pamphlet; but an
official pamphlet. He was probably thinking
of something else far, far away, and did not
hear me say to Ilim that I was reading a state-
ment of the expenses of the Government by
calendar years commencing 011 the 1st of
January, 185-5, and going up to the year last
past. Then the Senator, in order to show his
millions of differences, took, without intend-
ing it, of course, and without making any
explanation about it, the statement of the
finance report showing the expenditures by
fiscal years beginning at a different peiiod of
time, and ending at a different period of time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not agree with
the calendar yeais.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does the Senator
! know that?
j Mr. TRUMBULL. Because the calendar
j year of 1859 and 18fi0 is given.
\ Mr. EDMUNDS. The calendar year of
! 1859 and 1860. the Senator says, is given.
' Let us see. 1 have the book open at the place
! he read from, if he will pay attention to his
i own authority perhaps he will get a little
i lig'"t:
| "Statements of the expenditures of the United
! States from March 4, 1789, to June 30, 1371, by ual-
j endar jearc to 134o, and by fiscal years ending Juno
j 30, from that time."
; Does the honorable Senator understand
! what that means? Does that mean 1859 and
j 1SG0? It may to him. It's not my business
[ to undertake to furnish consttue'ior.s lor him.
• He is in a situation where the same thing may
j mean a good many different things. He may
| be in a clay or two where it «. ill tie necessary
j that the same p'iatfoim shall mean one thing
! in the West, another in the Ea-t, another in
| the North, and another in the South; but I
1 do not believe thai, even the Cinemrati plat-
form will go as far as 10 hold that 1843, stated
in a book, means 1S59. That would be ask-
ing too much.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator will find,
:f he will take the trouble to read this official
report from the Treasury, which shows the
whole operations of the Government—and it
has been sent to him—that the statement that
