1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2075
C. Smith, Snyder, Spragne, Starkweather, Steven-
son, Stonghton, Stowetl, Thomas. Turner, Xwiebell,
Tyner. Upson, Wnkemsm, Watden, Waldron, Wal-
lace. Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indi-
ana, a n<3 John X. Wilson—99.
NOT ArOTING—Messrs, Adams, Ames, Barnura,
"Bell, Bmiiiam, Bird, Austin Blair. James 6. Blair,
Bole*, GeorgeM. Brooks, J.imesBrooks, Roderick 11.
Butler, William T. Claik. Freeman Clarke, Comingo,
Dawes, Dickey, Dueil, Ely. Farwell, Porker,
Garlield, Getz. Goodrich, Hambleton, Hoar, Kelloeg,
Ketcham, Killmger, Kinsella, Leach, Lynch, Mc-
Clelland,Mi Kce,Merrick, Mitchell, Morgan,Packer,
Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Peters, Potter, Pi ice, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeley, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, Sloeurn, Slo&s, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Ste-
vens, Storm, Strong. Sr. John, Sutherland, Sypher,
Taffe, Washington Townsend, Voorhees, Waddcll,
Walls. Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and Young—68.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. SfORM stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Townsend, who would vote
in the negative, while he himself would vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, stated that he was
paired with his colleague, Mr. Price, who
would vote iri the affirmative, while he him-
self would vote in the negative.
Mr. ARCHER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hambleton, who would vote in the affirmative,
was paired with Mr. Perce, of Mississippi, who
would vote in the negaiive.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired.
horace b. shepard, of indiana.
Mr. NIBLACIC. Mr. Speaker, some ten
days ago the Committee of Claims reported a
bill (II. R. No. 357) for the relief of Horace
B. Shepard, of Indiana, which, on the point of
order that it contained an appropriation, was
sent by decision of the Speaker pro tempore—
not the regular Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives—to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar. Iam satisfied
it was a mistake, and I am authorized by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
who made the point of order, to say that he
now withdraws his point of order. 1 move
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indi
ana [Mr. Niblack] asks that the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of Horace
B. Shepard, of Indiana, and that the same be
now brought before the House for considera-
tion. The bill will be reported for information,
after which objections, if any, will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that there
shall be refunded and paid to Horace B. Shep-
ard, late collector of internal revenue for the
first collection district of Indiana, the sum of
SI.000 75 for beer stamps, amounting to that
sum, intrusted to him for sale while acting as
such collector, and destroyed by fire by the
burning of his office on the 29th day of March,
18(57, and which were charged to and have been
accounted for by him in the final settlement ol
his accounts with the Government.
Mr. NIBLACK. This bill was reported by
the Committee of Claims. 1 ask unanimous
consent that it he brought before the House
for present consideration.
There was no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move a sus-
pension of the rules to pass a bill to confirm
the action of the board of aldermen and com-
mon council of the city of Washington, desig-
nating a depot site for the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
shall have the right to extend its tracks from
Virginia avenue along Sixth street to the open
grounds between Sixth street, B street north,
and the canal, described as follows: beginning
at the southwest corner of Sixth street and B
street north, running west one hundred and
fifty feet along B street north ; thence south
eight hundred and two feet on the present
line of the canal; thence east one hundred
and fifty feet to the line of Sixth street; thence
north by the line of Sixth street to the place
of beginning; and the said company shall, so
far as the United States can provide, have the
right to hold, use, and occupy the said grounds
for the purpose of constructing thereon a pas-
senger depot, to be used by the said company
for passengers and express freight traffic, and
for no other purpose.
The bill further provides that the said prop-
erty so occupied by the said company, together
with the improvements which may be put
thereon, shall be subject to taxation by the
District of Columbia, the same as other prop-
erty in the District of Columbia, and to be
used exclusively for the support of the -public
schools of the District.
It provides further that the company shall'
lay no more than two tracks along Sixth street,
as near as practicable m the center of the
street, and as close together as practicable lor
trains to pass over them. The rails used for
this purpose are to be constructed as flat rails,
like those used by the street railroads, so as to
facilitate wagon and carriage travel over the
same, and the track and the spaces between it
are to be kept paved with some suitable mate-
rial by the company, which is also to pave with
proper material at least two feet outside of the
track.
It is further provided that upon the opening
of a carriage-road through the public reserva
tions and crossing Sixth street the company
shall be required to construct., at its own cost
and expense, a handsome iron bridge of ample
width and height to enable carriages to pass
over the street freely and without danger, in
such manner and at such place as the officers
or other persons charged with the duty of
opening the reservations or connecting the
same as a public park shall direct. The com-
pany are further required to adapt the grade
of its tracks to that which may at any time be
determined upon by the Board of Public Works
or other authorities having control of grades ;
but such change of grade shall not be made
as will practically interfere with or destroy the
use of the depot by the trains of the company;
provided that the company shall pay the own-
ers of private property along the line of Sixt h
street and Virginia avenue, by which the said
railroad passes, any damages which said prop-
erty may sustain by reason of the laying of
this track along Sixth street, and the assessed
damages, if any, shall be ascertained m man-
ner and form as provided by the act of Con-
gress approved February 5, 1867, entitled '"An
act to authorize the extension, construction,
and use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
It is provided further that it shall be un-
derstood that the question of damages referred
to in the bill shall be confined to the question
of the appreciation and depreciation of the
value of property owned along the said street,
and also that the railroad company shall pay
all damages for which the city of Washington
or the District of Columbia or the United
States may be liable to private property-hold-
eisnow occupying the site described in the
bill growing out of their being required to
remove their property from the same and sur-
render their right of occupancy.
It is further provided that while trains are
moving to and from Virginia avenue along
Sixth street to the depot, the company shall
keep flagmen at the several street corners to
warn people of danger, and that all provisions
of the board of aldermen and common coun-
cil of the city of Washington not inconsistent
with the bill are ratified by it.
It is further provided that the act of Con-,
gress approved March 3, 1871, granting a site
for a passenger depot to this railroad company
on Virginia avenue is repealed, to take effect
when the company obtain possession of tha
depot property on Sixth street. The bill fur-
ther provides that the United States, by act,
of Congress, shall have the right to repeal or
modify the provisions of this act, and that the
track of the company shall turn out of Sixth
street, and enter the depot with suitable curva-
tures at the south end thereof, and that the
depot shall not extend beyond B street north,
nor shall the track ever extend beyond B
street north.
The question recurred on suspending the
rules and passing the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BE ATT Y. I move that the House do
now adjouin.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope my colleague
[Mr. Beatty] will not insist on that motion
until I make a suggestion to the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather.] I
wish to suggest to the gentleman that with a
view to breaking the dead-lock in which the
House has been placed for some time he
modify his motion so as to suspend the rules
merely in order to bring the bill before the
House with the understanding that the amend-
ments to be considered shall be confined to the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] and that of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Orebs.]
Mr. KANDALL. Does the gentleman mean
without debate?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest that to
the offerer of each amendment there be al-
lowed, say, thifty minutes to present his view.
With that understanding, speaking only for
myself, I am prepared to vote for a suspension
of the rules, and I am satisfied quite a num-
ber of gentlemen who have been in the Oppo-
sition will vote likewise. Without that the
result will be that we shall only go through
again the whole process of last week.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The friends of
the bill think they ought to have a vote on
suspending the rules and passing the bill as
it is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I understand that
the overture I have made is rejected ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 madethatsame
proposition on Thursday, and gentlemen on the
other side refused it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Propose it again now.
Mr.' COX. I am prepared to object.
Mr. AMBLER. 1 object to debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the proposition is not
accepted, let us have the yeas and nays on the
adjournment,.
Mr. COX. I will not object to the arrange-
ment, provided the amendment of my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] is admitted to be
voted on.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] will
listen to the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] so that the majority
of the House may again offer to the minority
the same proposition as I submitted on Ihuis-
day, namely, that we shall vote on the^ two
amendments of the minority of the committee.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I do not think tbe
time proposed to be allowed for debate is
sufficient.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
Connecticut will accept my proposition, we
would have the whole subject disposed of m
two hours.
