1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
283
under it, are in the nature of, if not" a bill of
attainder." The court says:
"The exaction of the oath is the mode provided
for ascertaining the parties upon whom the act is
intended to operate, and. instead of lessening, in-
creases its objectionable character. All enactments
of this kind partake of the nature of bills of pains
and penalties, and are subject to the constitutional
inhibition against the passage of bills of attainder,
under which general designation they are included."
The court further says in regard to these
test-oaths:
"The statute imposes a punishment for some of
the acts specified which were not punishable at the
time they were committed; and for otheractsitadds
a new punishment to that before prescribed, and it
is thus brought within the further inhibition of the
Constitution against the passage of an ex post facto
law."
Try the constitutionality of the said joint
resolution and test-oath by the light of this
decision. It is both a bill of attainder and an
ex post facto law. It is a bill of attainder
because it undertakes to and does attach a
penalty to an act, and assumes it to have been
committed, and punishes for the same with-
out a trial. It is ex post facto because it
attaches a penalty which did not exist at the
time these several contracts were made between
the Government and its citizens. When the
contracts were made to which this law is in-
tended to apply there were no such conditions
as those now imposed. The contract was that
the employe should render the service, and in
considera'ion thereof the Government would
pay the price agreed on or fixed by the law.
The service was rendered. The Government,
instead of paying as per contract, seven years
afterward passed a joint resolution affixing
new conditions-precedent to payment, condi-
tions which it was known could not be com-
plied with, therefore virtually and in fact
repudiating a debt which it honestly and fairly
owes. The Government claims the right to
repudiate the debts which it owes to individ-
uals for labor performed, yet if repudiation
of the bonded debt is hinted at, the whole coun-
try is shocked at the thought, while Congress
is cari'ying on repudiation on a smaller scale
with impunity.
Sir, suppose Pennsylvania or any other north-
ern State should pass a law of similar import
to be. applied to debts between man and man,
will any lawyer pretend to say that upon a suit
by a creditor on a plain bond the defendant,
would be allowed to plead such statute in bar
of the action? Certainly not; for it is a daily
occurrence that men who were engaged in the
late war on the southern side arc collecting
debts in the North which were due them before
the war. Then, if the States cannot and do
not resist the collection of debts which their
citizens owe. has Congress the right, or is it
manly and becoming a great Government to
assume lo itself such unwarranted and unen-
viable powers? It is a strange position for the
debtor to attach subsequent conditions to the
payment of a debt because it has the power to
execute them whether right or wrong.
The people of the southern States hold the
bonds of the loyal States, and no question
has been made that the same will not be paid
because the holder was disloyal. No loyal
State has passed any law to protect its citizens
against prosecution by the disloyal creditor,
nor has any State passed a law requiring its
bondholders to take an oath of loyalty, yet
the Representatives of all those States in Con-
gress assembled, unlike their constituents,
apply test-oaths and subsequent conditions to
the creditors of the Government. It was to
avoid the oppression of the weaker by the
stronger that Governments were instituted, and
in order that all might share a common fate,
yet the Government goes back centuries and
assumes the anomalous position of deciding
for itself not to pay its honest debts.
I am aware, sir, that those who cannot take
this oath have but little sympathy at, the hands
of Congress. From the standpoint of this
law those men deserve punishment. If so, why
not give them a fair trial and there let the mat.-
terrest? Why doa thingwhichseemssosmall
and savors of petty revenge? It is not com-
patible with the dignity of the American Con-
gress, or in consonance with the principles of
republican government. This law falls most
heavily upon the old mail contractors and
those who took the census of 1860. Many of
them are old men who took no part in the war,
who opposed secession and clung to the old
flag as long as they could; yet when the war
had commenced in earnest, and their children
and grand-children were in it, did give them
aid and comfort, and did clothe the sick and
feed the hungry. Therefore they cannot take
the required oath, and therefore the Govern-
ment, forsooth, refuses to pay them.
The Government should be just, should be
honest, should do its duty; then it may require
the same of its citizens. Sir, I hope it will
be the pleasure of Congress to vote for the
repealing resolution which I have offered, and
thus take one step in the right direction, one
step toward reconciliation, one step toward
assuring the people of the South and the whole
country that the General Government will not
repudiate, will not receive the services of its
people and refuse to pay them, will not lay
down one standard for itself and another for
the people, but in the spirit of national justice
it will step boldly to the front, and say t,o the
American people, "We know no past, except
to draw lessons of wisdom from it; we will
throw the vail over all that has occurred and
do justice to the people of the whole country.
We will repeal and blot out all humiliating
and degrading test-oaths, and recognize a per
fectequality among all the States of the Union,
and we will respcct the reserved rights of
each, among which is their unlimited pre-
rogative to control their internal polity as to
them shall seem best, without the interference
of Federal authority, civil or military.1' Then,
with a " union of hearts and aunion of hands,"
we may yet make this country the freest,, the
grandest, and proudest on earth.
LEVEES OF TUB MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. SHELDON. Mr. Speaker, it occurs to
me that this may be regarded as an auspicious
time for Congress to give attention to the devel-
opment of the material resources of the country.
The unity of the Republic is assured, the largest
liberty has been conferred upon all the citizens
through the fundamental law of the land, and
the means of protecting all in the enjoyment
of this liberty have been provided by appro-
priate and ample legislation. It seems proper,
therefore, that there should be added to these
blessings the greatest possible facilities for
promoting the material welfare of the people.
The public debt is large, I admit, but integrity
and efficiency in the collection and economy in
the expenditure of the revenues, together with
the increase of wealth in the country, have con-
duced to its rapid extinguishment. When we
objectify this debt it has huge dimensions, but
when considered in connection with the re-
sources of the nation its formidable appearance
is greatly modified. When the means to pay
are ample no liability is onerous. An increase
of public wealth is equivalent to a reduction
of the debt itself. The proposition which I
shall present will, if adopted, have the effect
to largely increase the national resources, and
will open up homes for millions, and con-
tribute immeasurably to the happiness of man-
kind.
On the first day of the sess;on I had the
honor to introduce a bill to incorporate the
Mississippi Valley Levee Company. That its
provisions may be more easily understood it
is well to state a few facts. The west or right
bank of the Mississippi river is low, and liable
to be overflowed nearly the entire distance
from Cape Girardeau, in the State of Mis-
souri, to Port Jackson, in the State of Louisi-
ana. A few miles of bluffs exist about sixty
miles above Memphis A continuous levee
,ia necessary between the designated points.
If a crevasse takes place at any point the coun-
try below it is more or less injured. If there
are no levees in Missouri damage is done to
Arkansas, and if the latter State neglects those,
within her limits Louisiana suffers. Hence,
it is not only necessary that the levee should
be continuous between the points specified,
but it should be skillfully constructed and care-
fully watched and preserved. To place this
single levee, which runs through two States
and into the third, under three jurisdictions
and control, the systems adopted and the
management may, and probably will, be dif-
ferent, and in such event evil consequences
cannot be avoided by a State which employs
the most perfect system and practices the
greatest vigilance. It is important, therefore,
that, this levee should be placed under one
control, and that this control should be coupled
with an interest which will be sufficient to
guaranty the exercise of proper skill and care.
The levees heretofore constructed are not
uniform in height or of ample strength,-and,
as might be expected, reflect a great variety
of ideas as to the measures which are neces-
sary to protect the country. During the con-
tinuance of the war the people were unable to
take care of the levees, and to natural deteri-
oration has been added the destruction inci-
dent to the conflict. Hence, the whole coun-
try is in danger of being submerged, and the
people are too poor to pay the expense of
repair and construction of the levees without
grievous oppression. Nor is there in exist-
ence any plan or system by which the ade-
quate laboring force can be concentrated in
case of threatened danger. "The business
of everybody is the, business of nobody," is
a rule which applies here. The low bank on
the east side is not continuous, and does
not,, except in a single instance, extend into
two States. The alluvial lands are small in
extent as compared with those on the west
bank. There are several tributaries on both
sides of the Mississippi, which must, be diked
for some distance from their mouths, but the
embankments need not be so costly as those
on the main river. If the main levee on the
right bank is placed under one management,
with proper means to communicate informa-
tion and to transport men and materials rapidly,
the levees on the leftbank and tributaries may
be advantageously committed to the same
management.
The objects of the bill are threefold: first,
to create a system which will apply to all the
levees; second, to place them under the con-
trol of asingleand interested head : and third,
to obtain pecuniary aid from the Government.
The bill proposes to create certain gentle-
men therein named a body-corporate, with the
usual powers and privileges of similar corpo-
rations, and prescribes the method of organiza-
tion. It, authorizes the company to construct
a levee and line of telegraph from Cape Girar-
deau to Port Jackson, and to lay a railway
track on the top or along the line of the levee.
The telegraph line is essential as a means of
transmitting information from point to point
rapidly. A railroad will afford a more speedy-
means of concentrating men and materials than
that furnished by the river. Moreover, it is
believed that when there is a reasonable cer-
tainty that the country is secure against inun-
dation emigration will tend thither, and that
in the early future it will become one of the
most populous and productive of the rural
districts, and that a railroad will be a great
convenience to the people and a source of
profit to the company. Whether the track can
be safely laid upon the levee is a question for
engineers, and one upon which there are dif-
ferences of opinion, the weight being adverse
to the proposition. The bill is so framed that
the track may be laid upon or along the levee,
as shall he directed by the engineer therein
mentioned. The building of the railroad is
permissive, and not obligatory.
The Secretary of War is required to detail
