386B
THE. COlNTGPtESSIQK:AL GLOBE.
May. 25,
is known as the Indian' country, all contain
a,provision authorizing, the establishment of.
eourts in the Indian country; and we. are not
now extending the jurisdiction. The In-
dian country to-day belongs to the western
district of Arkansas. This bill does not,pro-
pose to attach it. The jurisdiction of the west
ern district of Arkansas has extended for years
over the whole Indian country ; but we have
livid no courts in the Indian country. We
have brought all. parties charged with crim-
inal ofFeases from the Indian country into the
western district of Arkansas extending .over
to the .Mississippi river, and at a very great
expense.
•Why, Mr. President, it uses up a very con-
siderable portion the whole judiciary fund to
bear the expense of this western district of
Arkansas. I did not know that it amounted
to so.large a sum as was stated by the Senator
from Arkansas this morning. He says $200,-
000. I knew that the expense was very great.
Now this is a simple thing that can be ended
and can be ended this morning. There seems
to be a disposition in the Senate—I do not
know what the vote may be—to create an ad-
ditional judicial district in North Carolina,
and to give them seven places for holding
courts in the Stale of North Carolina, with
two districts and only a million of people. If
they are disposed to do it, let us certainly
atiach to the bill this important measure, which
ought to have been passed weeks ago, which
the public peace of that country requires should
be enacted iuto a law. Let us pass it, and the
House can concur in it as an amendment to
this bill, and then we shall have this out of
the way.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask a
question of the Senator from Illinois, with
his permission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. He may be entirely
right, but 1 should like to have a little doubt
cleared up in my mind in reference to the
proviso, which is as follows:
Provided, That the judge may in his discretion
strike from the jury list or exclude from the panel
any person deemed by hiin unfit to serve, either on
account of bad character or lor other cause.
That seems to tne to give the judge the
power of selecting the whole panel if he
chooses, and absolutely to abolish trial by jury
if the judye should be so disposed. I simply
want to as-k the chairman of the committee it'
that has been carefully considered by the
commit tee, and what precedent there is for it?
Mr. TRUMBULL, it was carefully con-
sidered and the subject of a great deal of dis-
cussion. and it is one of the troubles involved
in the case. If the Senator from New Jersey
will observe, that applies only to the court
which is held in the Indian territory at Fort
Gibson. No white people reside properly in
the Indian country unless they are attached to
the Indian tribes ; but more or less white peo-
ple are there. They are building a railroad
through that country, and the railroad con-
tractors with their hands are there, and diffi-
culties arise.
This court does not have jurisdiction under
the treaties of causes between the Indians;
but only where white people are concerned.
Now, suppose a white man is indicted for mur-
der in the Indian territory, and he is brought to
trial at Fort Gibson, where are you going to
get the jury? There are some Indians there,
half-breeds, educated men, who would make
good jurors; and this is an anomalous case.
To bring the jury from the State of Arkansas
would be very expensive. Still we have left
to this district a few of the counties in west-
ern Arkansas, so that as a last resort jurors
may be summoned from Arkansas if they
cannot be found m the Indian territory. We
thoughtthat under the peculiar circumstances
we might authorize the Indians to serve as
jurors, but that it would be necessary to give
the judge a discretion; and if the Senator will
look he will see this proviso is carefully warded.
It authorizes the judge for causej specifying
unfitness, to discharge.any person from, the
panel or any of the jurors.
labor commission.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois Will please suspend. The morp-
ing hour has expired, and the Housfe' bill
(No. 374) establishing a labor commission is'
before the Senate,'on which the Senator from'
South Carolina' [Mr. Sawyer] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. POOL. I ask the Senator to yield.
Mr. SAWYER. I will yield to the Sen-
ator from- North Carolina for a vote on his
measure, not for debate.
Mr. POOL. I move that it be laid on the
table for the present, for the purpose of con-
tinuing House bill.No. 2192, for the purpose
of taking the vote.
Mr.1 CON KLING-. Let it be done informally.
Mr. POOL. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina asks that the pending
business, the labor commission bill,'be inform-
ally passed over to allow the Senate to con-
tinue the consideration of the bill in regard
to the North Carolina judicial districts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice that I
would call up the tariff and tax bill to-day,
and 1 am quite sure, from the character of the
amendment now pending, this hill will lead
to debate, and we shall only waste time. If
it is in order, 1 move to lay on the table the
pending measure, with a view to take up
House bill No. 2332, to reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order
unless the Senator from South Carolina claims
the floor to speak. He yielded the floor to
the Senator from North Corolina that consent
be asked for a vote on the North Carolina
bill. That is objected to by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if
there can be a vote on the billof the Senator
from North Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not state whether there will be or not.
Mr. POOL. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not urge his bill just at this point. Let
us go on and get a vole on this North Carolina
hill. It cannot occupy much more time.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business for the purpose of completing
the business which has been before us for the
last couple of days. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] will be as
gracious as he has been for a couple of days
-past.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The-Senator
from South Carolina is entitled to the floor.
If he surrenders it the Chair will recognize
others.
Mr SAWYER. I am perfectly willing to
yield the floor for a vote on the pending
measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unani-
mous consent for the vote to be taken on the
pending North Carolina bill and amendment
thereto?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is when we get
through the discussion.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator from Ohio,
who seems to desire very much to make his
motion to take up the tariff bill, insists upon
it. I shall not attempt to resist it, but will sim-
ply suggest that I shall consider the propriety
of amending the tariff bill by adding to it the
labor commission bill, it being an entirely
cognate subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit a motion
to lay on the table, and I tell the Senator
from Pennsylvania that after the tariff bill is
taken up I am then perfectly willing that the
question may be decided by the Senate on his
motion whether we shall proceed with the
treaty or with this bill. I wish to get a vote
of the Senate without wasting time in discuss-
ing the order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the labor -commission
bill be laid on the table.
Mr., WILSON. On that motion I ask the
yeas and nays. I consider it bad faith.
Mr.POOL. I hope tne Senator will not  
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object to
debate.
The VIC.E PRESIDENT. The motion
to lay on the table is not debatable. It is
moved for the express purpose of preventing
debate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. May I ask
a question of the Chair? If we take up the
tariff bill, will that be the unfinished business?
The VICE'PRESIDENT. It will be. The
Senator from Ohio moves that the labor com-
mission (jill be laid on the table for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the tariff
bill. Upon that motion the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays and ask for a division.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the bill is taken up, the
motion for an executive session can be made
afterward.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
tax and tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take up
the tax and tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said a moment ago that
I would yield to let the sense of the Senate be
taken on the question of whether we would
proceed to executive business; and as that is
a non-debatable question, I will simply say
that I will not take advantage of the fact that
I have the floor, to prevent an expression of
the opinion of the Senate. I shall vote against
the motion myself.
executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of exeeutive busi-
ness.
Mr. POOL. I ask the Senator to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; I want this
motion decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion ia
not debatable.
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the Senator from
Pennsylvania on behalf of a matter which I
assume will not occasion a moment's debate,
and on which early legislation is necessary.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way for that if
it does not cause debate. [''Nol" "No!"}
Senators object. I prefer to have a vote on
my motion, and then let the motion be made
by the Senator from Wisconsin before the
doors are closed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object, because
if the Senate refuse to go into executive ses-
sion I wish to go on with the tariff and tax
bill, which is now ready.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business, unless the Senator from
Pennsylvania withdraws it.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not withdraw it.
The motion was agreed to—ayes forty-one,
noes not counted.
