284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
an engineer of the United States, whose sole
duty while so detailed shall be to plan and
superintend the construction, repair, and pres-
ervation of all the levees which shall be placed
under the management of the company by the
bill, or by virtue of arrangements with the sev-
eral States, or with individuals, and his plans
and directions are to be followed by the com-
pany.
The company is required to have a domicile
in each of the States where there are levees
under its control; and it may be sued upon its
contracts and for its torts in the State where
the injured party resides, so that the people
may not be required to go beyond their States
to assert their rights.
The bill specially provides for the building
of one levee and telegraph line, and does not
contemplate Government aid for any other.
This levee is situated within three States, and
is fully one half of all the work to be done, and
it will constitute the main protection against
overflow for three fourths of all the alluvial
bottom lands, and the accomplishment of this
will be all that the Government ought to do.
The States interested can bear Ihe burden of
doing the balance without severe taxation.
No direct advantage will be derived by Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Mississippi in lessening
their expenses, but Louisiana and Arkansas
will still have as much to do in building levees
on the tributary rivers, and in the repair and
preservation of the main levee, as the other
States will have in the construction, repair, and
preservation of all their levees. There will be
a general advantage to all these States arising
from the conception and adoption of the best,
and a uniform system, which, if properly exe-
cuted, will cause the plan of levees, as a means
o-t protection, to be a practical certainty; and
as it is hoped the company will be responsible
and efficient, and one which can perform all
the work of construction, repair, and preserva-
tion, less expensively than it can be done other-
wise; the States or individuals whose duty it is
to keep up the levees will place all their work
in their bands. Hence it is provided that con-
tracts may be made with the States or indi-
viduals upon such terms and for such consid-
eration as may be agreed upon.
The States are not interfered with, but the
power is expressly reserved to them to fix the
liability of the company in oases of overflow,
and to prescribe the remedies for the injured
persons. The right of way for the levees and
the railway is to be acquired in conformity to
State laws, and the company is prohibited from
acquiring any levee or the ground on which it
may be situated any further than may be neces-
sary for levee purposes, and when the charter
of the company shall be declared forfeited in
the manner pointed out, the levees are to be
turned over to the States to be used or disposed
of as they shall direct.
The bill grants a subsidy in bonds to the
amount of §16,000 per mile. The precise ag-
gregate amount to be thus granted no one can
at this time state, but it will not var^ much
from eighteen million dollars, being a sum as
nearly as can be estimated adequate for the
construction of the levee and line of telegraph.
The bondsare tobe issued in installments as the
work progresses, and after a board of inspect
ors, composed of disinterested citizens of t.he
United States resident in the States interested
in the levees, to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, shall certify that the levee is
constructed according to the plans and direc-
tion of the engineer, and the engineer i3 re-
quired to see that it, shall bo of sufficient height
and strength to prevent inundation. Further-
more it is provided that the bonds issued be-
fore the work is completed shall be void in
the hands of everybody until the whole shall he
accomplished. Hence the company cannot do
the cheaper part, obtain their bonds, and then
abandon the project. The company cannot
complain of this, because the bonds are issued
as the work progresses
Subscriptions to the stock of the company
cannot be received except upon payment of ten
per cent., and certificates of block cannot be
issued until the full amount of the subscription
has been paid, so that tiashy stocks cannot be
put upon the market to swindle and defraud
the public. It was designed, in drawing the
bill, to make the enterprise a genuine one, and
of value to the people, without defrauding the
Government, and at the same time afford the
company, in carrying out the whole scheme, an
opportunity to obtain a reasonable remunera-
tion. The subject is too great to bo loosely
managed, and the interests involved are so
momentous that the capitalists of the country
to be especially benefited must invest in the
project and be satisfied with fair compensa-
tion.
It may be asked, why not donate this money
directly to the States ? I answer that the Slates
have squandered too much already upon ill-
advised plans and upon speculative contractors.
Under Government supervision works are too
apt to be expensively and defectively con-
structed. This is a common experience, and
nowhere has it been more grievous than in the
States where levees have been built under
Government auspices. I am not tenacious
about any particular plan, but shall cheerfully
and earnestly support any tEat shall seem to be
the best, and especially such a one as shall
be most acceptable to Congress. But any plan
that does not embody liberal assistance from
the Government, at this time especially, will be
of little practical value.
Mr. Speaker, no man can appreciate more
fully than I do the arduous labors to be per-
formed by those of us who represent the States
situated in the lower Mississippi valley in
obtaining Government aid for our levees.
Many objections must be encountered and
overcome. In this opening presentation of
the subject, it must not be expected that I
shall be able to anticipate and answer all that
may be interposed. But some, I think, I may
anticipate and dispose of.
I already hear it said, as has been said
many times before, that levees will not afford
the protection necessary; that there are other
less expensive and more efficient methods of
avoiding inundation. This, however, is no
new idea; for I have heard of sages who, hav-
ing taken a short steamboat ride upon the Mis-
sissippi river, have formed such convictions,
based upon arguments as vapid as their observ-
ations were cursory.
I hear also the strict constructionists inter-
pose the objection of want of constitutional
power, when the very spirit which pervades
the Constitution conveys the idea that it was
formed and is to be administered to promote
the general welfare.
I know, too, that in the presence of this
proposition the national purse-strings will
be strengthened and tightened—that the
bondholders will make haste to examine the
latest foreign and domestic bond quotations,
and the Treasury Department will calculate
how much longer it will take to pay off an
addition of fifteen or twenty millions at the
rate of $150,000,000 per annum.
I see, also, the selfish and miserlyshrug their
shoulders and assume looks of astonishment,
and local interest^ and prejudices put on the
face of indifference, while many thousands of
our fellow-citizens are making preparations to
fly, before an inundation they are powerless
to successfully resist, from a soil more fertile
than that in the ancipnt valley of the Nile,
and the cultivation of which will contribute
immensely to the wealth and happiness of the
nation.
But those who have investigated and are
interested in this question are not to be
deterred by these formidable obstacles. They
only ask a candid and careful consideration of
the subject by the Congress and the people,
and they will then contentedly abide by the
result which may be attained.
Whether levees are the proper means to be
employed to prevent overflow ought not at
this late day to be a controverted point. The
Nile, the Volga, and other rivers have been
successfully diked for a long period of time.
Holland in large part has been reclaimed from
the sea by the same means. This plau has
been successful as to the very river in ques-
tion for a century. If it has ever proved de-
fective, faults in the system or negligence in
execution have been the causes. If precedents
and experience are to have weight the plan of
levees, as superior to all others, ought to have
been declared stare decisis long ago To pre-
cedents and experience wo may add philoso-
phy and science. This subjeethas been made
a patient and long-continued study bv many
of our most learned and practical engineers,
and I challenge denial of the assertion that
among such there is no division of opinion.
All concur in the opinion that levees are the
least expensive and most sensible and effective
means of reclaiming and preserving this sec-
tion of our country.
The attention of the Government was at-
tracted to this subject several years ago, and
so much interest was felt that a learned com-
mission wasappointed to investigate and report
upon it. That investigation was the wmk of
years, and combined arduous and persistent
labors with the highest scientific attainment
and greatest scope of mind. Xo subject of a
similar character has ever been so'oxhansi-
ively considered in this country. The report
has been published by the Government, and
has become a text-book for engineer;. and men
of science. 1 he subject of levees is ! here pre-
sented philosophically and practicailv, and
eyery other plan is exploded and ali ob-o'-tions
to this annihilated. The practices under sim-
ilar conditions and the arguments in 'hat report
ought to put an end to cavil and remove every
doubt. The finale of the whole matter is thus
stated:
" The preceding discussion of the different plnn«
of protection has been so elaborate, arid the conciu -
sions adopted have been so well established that
little remains to be said under the head of recom-
mendations. It has been demonstrated that no
advantage can be derived either from diverting
tributaries or constructing reservoirs, and that the
plan of cut-offs and of new or enlarged outlets to
the Gulf are too costly and too dangerous to be at-
tempted. The plan of levees, on the contrary, which
has always recommended itself by its simplicity and
direct repayment of investment may be relied "upon
for protecting all alluvial bottom lands liable to in-
undation below Gape Girardeau. The works, it is
true, will be extensive and cosily, and will exact
more unity of action than ha* thus far been a trained.
The recent legislation of ilisshsipi-i in orgr^nizin^
a judicious State system of operations, however,
shows that the nece,--itv of moreconeertisbetrinnin;?
to be understood. When each of the other States
adopts a similar plan, and all unite in a eeneral
system ot protection of each part the nihn ial volley
of the Mississippi may be protected against inunda-
tion.'
If any doubt exists upon this point I com-
mend him in whose miiul such doubt rests to
a thorough study of the report of General
Humphreys upon "the phytic.-. and hydrau-
lics of the Mississippi river, and upon the pro-
tection of the alluvial region from overflow.1*
It will bo seen from the repm t that levees are
not only practical and necessary, but that con-
cert of action is requisite to make die protec-
tion a certainty.
Dismissing thispoint, I shall address myself
to the question of constitutional power to enact
this bill. Upon this brunch of (he subject i
do not expect to be able to anticipate ait the
technical and captions objection* that may
be urged. It has grown to bo a hah;!, if not
a disease, of some minds to meet a legislative
measure with the stunning objection of uncon-
stitutionality. It mutters linie whe'her the
measure be to enlarge the liberties or ame-
liorate the condition of the people, the same
opposition is interpose d. Sometimes I have
thought thai it was really a fact that the fathers
made the Constitution with the sole view of
Seeing how completely power could be denied
to a people to do good to themselves, and how
