1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2077
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the communication of the President, with the
accompanying documents, will be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection : and it was ordered
accordingly.
GEORGIA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY-LINE.
On motion of Mr. McINTYRE, by unani-
mous consent, the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. II. No. 48} to settle and quiet
the title to lands along the boundary line
between the States of Georgia and Florida,
was taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment was read as follows:
In line seven, after the word "confirm," insert "so
far us the United States has title thereto."
There being no objection, the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. McINTYRE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PASSKNGBKS ON STEAMSHIPS, ETC.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee
on Commerce a bill (H. R. No. 2186) to
amend an act entitled " An act to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and
other vessels," approved March 3, 1855;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides for the repeal of the thir-
teenth section of the act named in the title,
and enacts that hereafter each and every col-
lector of customs to whom shall be delivered
the manifests or lists of passengers prescribed
by the twelfth section of the act aforesaid,
shall make returns from such manifests o.' lists
of passengers to the'Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, in such manner as shall
be prescribed by that officer, under whose
direction statements of the same shall )e pre-
pared and published.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INFORMERS.
Mr. MERCUR. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that a bill which I now presen t,
entitled "An act to dispense with informers in
the internal revenue service," be passed.
The bill, which was read, provides for the
repeal of all laws which give to informers any
portion or share of fines, penalties, and for-
feitures imposed for a violation of the internal
revenue laws.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Thismatteris now
under consideration by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. MERCUR. It has been before the
Committee of Ways and Means for two or
three Congresses and has never been acted
upon.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania ought to make a cor-
rection in his bill by striking out " and," and
inserting " or," so it will read *' fines, penal-
ties, or forfeitures."
Mr. MERCUR. I will modify the bill by
Striking out ''and" and inserting " or."
Mr. COX. I hope the bill will be again
read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. COX. Why not include the customs
service as well as the internal service, so as to
include all the moieties granted to informers ?
In other words, why not make a general law ?
The great thing to be reformed is the customs
service of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I do not like to interfere
with the business of iny triend from Pennsyl-
vania, and really the Committee of Ways and
Means have been spending considerable time
on this very question. They have had com-
munications with the Secretary of the Treasury,
not only in reference to fines and forfeitures
in the internal revenue service, but also fines
and forfeitures in the customs service. I sug-
gest, therefore, to the gentleman, unless there
be some imperative need for the passage of
this bill, to let it go over for the present.
Mr. MERCUR. I would be glad to oblige
the gentleman from Massachusetts, but this is
a bill I presented and had referred to that
committee during the Fortieth Congress, and
I have tried to get action on it ever since, hut
have failed to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I am not responsible for
what the committee did in the Fortieth Con-
gress, but in the Forty-Second Congress, where,
unfortunately, I am a member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, they have devoted a
good deal of time on this subject, holding vei-y
many conferences with the officers of the Gov-
ernment as to the best course to be pursued.
If my fiiend does not see any special objection
he will oblige me very much by allowing the
bill to go over for the present. I do not wish
to interfere any more than I can help with his
management of the business of the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. MERCUR. With the very kindest feel-
ings toward my friend, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I must decline
to yield to his suggestion.
Mr. COX. I wish to call attention to the
mistake in this bill. This would repeal all
laws.
Mr. DAWES. That will not do much hurt.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. COX. I wish to go further; I wish to
repeal all internal revenue laws.
Mr. DAWES. This repeals all laws, and
the gentleman from New York wishes to go
further. I do not know where he would go.
Mr. COX. Here it is proposed on a suspen-
sion of the rules, without discussion, to wipe
out some two hundred pages of our legislation
on this subject.
Mr. DAWES. Having made my appeal
unsuccessfully to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, I now make it to the House, hoping the
rules will not he suspended, but that this hill
will be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. MERCUR. I hope not.
Mr. COX. I hope the bill will be so amended
as not to repeal all these laws, but merely to
repeal all provisions of these laws allowing
moieties to informers.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
86, noes 51.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 127, nays 48, not
voting 05; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Averill, Barry, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Austin
Blair, Braxton, Bright, Buffinton, Roderick R. But-
ler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carrol), Coghlan, Conger,
Conner, Crebs, Creely, Critcuer, Crocker, Crossland,
Dox, I)u Bosc, Duke, Dunnell, Karnes, Fddredge,
Ely, Farwell. Charles Foster, Ilenry L>. Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey,
Hancock, Handiev, Hanks, llarmer, Harper, George
K. Hams, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Kendall, King,
Laimson, Lansing. Leaeh, Lewis. Manson, Marsha 11,
McCrary, McIIenry, Molntyre, McJunkin, McKin-
ney, McNeely, Mercur, Merrick. Benjamin F.
Meyers, Moore, Moiey, Morphis, Leonard A1 yerv,
Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Peck. Pendleton, ti l
Perry, Peters, Porter, Pilndle, Rainey, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, \\ il-
liam R. Roberts, Rogers, Sargent, Seeley, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, John A. Smith,
R. Milton Speer. Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Steven-
son, Storm, Stoughton, Sutherland, Swann, lane,
Terry, Tuthill, van Trump, Vauahan, Voorhees,
AV lden, Waldron, Wan en, Wells, Whi_tthorne, John
'T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Barber, Beatty, Bigby,
Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin 1. Butler,
Cobb.Coburn, Cotton, Dawes, De Large, Farnsworth,
Fink elnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Hale, Hays,
Houghton. Kelley, Kerr, Lowe, Maynard. MeGrew,
Merriam, Monroe, Orr, Packard, Isaac C. Parker,
Poland, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sessions, Shanks, H.
Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Sprague,
Starkweather, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, and Wil-
liams of Indiana—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Ames. Barnum,
Bingham. Bird, James G. Blair, Boles, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, William T. CI;trk. Freeman
Clarke, Comingo,Cox, Darrall. Davis, Dickey, Don-
nan, Duell, Elliott, Forker, Goodrich, Hnmbleton,
Havens, Hoar, Kellogg, Ketcham, Kdlinger, Kin-
sclla, Lamport, Lynch, McClolland, McOorrniok,
McKee, Mitchell, Morgan, Negley, Packer, Palmer,
Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Potter, Price, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker. Sloss, Snapp. Snyder, Stowell, Strong,
St. John, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight lownsend, Wash-
ington Townsend. Waddell, Wallace, Walls, Wil-
liams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Young—65.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended, and the bill
(H. R. No. 2188) was passed.
During the roll-call the following statements
were made:
Mr. COX. If nobody objects I should like
to say one word. 1 introduced a bill at the
beginning of this session repealing all moieties;
but I object to this bill because it repeals all
the laws upon the subject. 1 withdraw my vote
on the billi and shall not vote on it at all, lest
my vote should be misunderstood.
Mr. KERR. I ask the indulgence of the
House to permit me to say that 1 voted against
this bill because precisely the same subject is
pending before the Committee of Ways and
"Means, of which I have the honor to be a
member, and has been referred by that com-
mittee to me as a sub-committee. I have
been preparing with great care, and with the
assistance of the Treasury Department, a bill
on this subject to cover this precise ground,
which at the proper time, I have no doubt,
will be reported to the House. I am in favor
of the repeal of the moiety system.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to say, in re-
cording my vote, that I am in favor of this
bill. 1 am very glad to get rid of this corrupt-
ing influence, which I think grows out of this
system of employing spies, &c., for a consid-
eration. I vote "ay."
Mr. BANKS. 1 desire to say that I have
voted against the bill because I supposed that
my colleague [Mr. Dawes] would have it
referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. DAWES. I stated to the House as a
reason why this bill should not be urged to a
passage that the whole subject was being con-
sidered in the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that a bill is being prepared.
Mr. WOOD. If these explanations are in
order, T desire to make some remarks myself.
I desire to ask the Chair whether this is in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move a
reference of the bill to the Committee of Ways
and Means?
The SPEAKER. It would not pending this
vote, the result of which the Chair will now
announce.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
FORTS WILKINS AND HOWARD MILITARY liOAD.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the Committee on the
Public Lands be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 578) to
extend the time for the completion of the
military road from Fort Wilkins, at Copper
Harbor, in the State of Michigan, to Fort
Howard, at Green Bay, in the State of Wis-
consin ; and that the same be now passed.
The bill was read. It proposes to extend
the time for the construction and completion
of the military road from Fort Wilkins, at
Copper Harbor, in the State of Michigan, to
Fort Howard, at Green Bay, in the Stale of
Wisconsin, until the 1st day of January, 1874.
The bill, in its second section, provides that
