1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
§809
mississippi river bridges.
Mr, HOWE. Now I wish to make an
appeal to the Senate before the doors are
closed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
proceed if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWE. Yesterday the Senate referred
to the Committee on Commerce House bill
No. 2866. which is essentially a local measure,
and, as I understand, passed the House of
Representatives by the unanimous consent of
all parties interested. It is to give the Secre-
tary of War the same control over the loca-
tion of some bridges across the Mississippi
which he has under an act which was passed
a short time ago as to other bridges. I ask
unanimous consent of the Senate that the
Committee on Commerce be discharged from
the further consideration of it, and that the
Senate concur with the House.
THe yiCE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin, pending the clearing of the
galleries, asks that the Senate concur in the
bill (H. R. No. 2866) further regulating the
construction of bridges across the Mississippi
river, which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, the Coin mil tee on Commerce be-
ing discharged from its further consideration.
The bill was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that ought to
be examined. 1 think the Committee on
Commerce ought, to see the effect of it. We
have a good many bridges across the Missis-
sippi river now. There is one at Rock Island
built under special circumstances. Will this
affect lhat?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects, and the bill is not before
the Senate.
executive session.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope before the doors are
closed we may have a vote on the centennial
bill. ["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is morn-
ing business not touched during the morning
hour. Is theie objection before the reporter
leaves that current morning business may be
Tf'poivo<i i
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the doors
will be closed.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After eight
hours ami thirty minutes spent iu executive
session, the doors were reopened.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK HOUSE.
A message from the House, of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that, the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (EI. R. No. 2884) for the settlement
and payment, of the claim of Elizabeth S.
Brewer, executrix of John Brewer;
A bill (H. R. No. 2883) supplemental to the
act of February 9, 1821. incorporating the
Columbian College in the District of Colum-
bia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2885) for the relief of
John Milone, postmaster at Uhrickville. Ohio ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief of
David Sergeant;
A bill (H. R. No. 2886) for the relief of
Margaret Fillebrown;
A bill (H. R. No. 2887) for the relief of
William Johnson, of Ltipley county, Indiana ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2890) for the relief of
Dwighc. J. MeCann;
A bill (II. R- No. 2888) for the relief of
Simeon Stansifer;
A bill (H. It. No. 2889) to refund to Silas
P. Field certain moneys belonging to him;
A bill (H. R. No. 1310) for the relief of
George W. Sturtevant;
A bill (H. It, No. 400) for the relief of
Jaix^ Allen Birckhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, sole heirs at law of Alexander Watson,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 2893) for the relief of
Mary Love ;
A bill (H.1 R. No. 2212) for the relief of
Alonzo Snyder, of Livingston county, New
York;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas
C. Magruder certain moneys stolen from him
in 1859;
A bill (H. R. No. 2894) for the relief of
Nicholas Jos6 Merrimet;
A bill (H. R. No. 2900) for the relief of
S. D. Cochran;
A bill (H. R. No. 2259) for the relief of
James M. llagar;
A bill (H. R. No. 2895) for the relief of
the owners of the schooner Robert Corson ;
A bill (H. Li. No. 2896) for the_ relief of
Frances A. Robinson, administratrix of the
estate of John M. Robinson, deceased ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1383) for the relief of
James McGinnia;
A bill (11. R. No. 2897) for the relief of
C. C. Spaids;
A bill (H. R. No. 40) for the relief of Joseph
A. Clay, of Philadelphia;
A bill (H. It. No. 2898) for the relief of
John W, Phelps, of Vermont;
A bill (H. R. No. 2902) for the relief of the
estates of Abel Gilbert and William Gerrish,
late copartners in business under the style of
Gilbert & Gerrish ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2909) for the relief of
Joseph L. Heywood and oihers;
A bill (H. It. No. 2903) for the relief of
James F. Casey, collector of the port of New
Orleans;
A bill (II. 11. No. 2904) for the relief of
George l'eber.
A bill (H. R. No. 2905) for the relief of
John McMath ;
A bill (1:1. U. No. 2906) for the relief of
John H. Norman and Samuel Facer, of San-
dusky. Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 1382) for the relief of
Alexander McArthur, of the city of Corunna,
in the State of Michigan;
A bill (H. It. No. 2907) for the relief of
the Omaha National Bank;
A bill (H. It. No 2102) for the relief of
T. P. Robb, of Savannah. Georgia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2373) for the relief of
Edward C. Garliek;
■ A bill (11. It. No. 2910) for the relief of
Oi viile J. Jennings;
A bill (Ii. R. No. 2911) for the relief of
Moritz Augenstein ;
A bill (U. It. No. 2847) to authorize the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company to run trains and transport freight
and passengers within the District of Colum-
bia ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2882) relating to the
supreme court of the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2892) for the relief of
John Clinton, of Brownsville, Tennessee; and
A bill (H. It. No. 2881) to regulate the
collection ol taxes on t'eunented liquors.
The message also announced that the House
of Reoresentaiives bad passed the following
bills:
A bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Phoebe
Hepburn ;
A bill (S. No. 97) for the relief of William
Henry Otis;
A bill (S, No. 603) for the relief of the
United States Express Company ;
A bill (S. No. 614) for the relief of Albert
Wieland:
A bill (S. No. 200) for the relief of William
H. Colledge; .
A bil! (S. No. 509) for the relief of Thomas
B. Wallace, of Lexington, in the State of
Missouri ;
A bill (S. No. 687) for the relief of Charles
and Henry W. Spencer;
A bill (S. No. 196) for the relief of the own-
ers of the bark A 1 ;
A bill (3. No. 889) for the relief of Joseph
Segar, of Virginia; and
A bill (S. No. 905) for the relief of Harriet
Spring, the heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills, with amendments; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested : r
A bill (S. No. 908) for the relief of John
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department;
A bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of the
widow of D. Joy Brown, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 298) directing the conveyance
of certain lots of ground, with thfe improve-
ments thereon, for theuse of the public schools
in the city of Washington ;
A bill (S. No. 299) amending an act enti-
tled " An act directing the conveyance of a
lot of ground for the use of the public schools
of the city of Washington and
A bill (S. No. 159) conferring upon the
Court of Claims power to hear and determine
the claim of J. W. Parish & Co. for damages
for the alleged violation' of their contract with
the United Slates for the delivery of ice.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Charles A. Weidner.
The message further announced that the
House, insisted upon its disagreement to the
amend ment of the Senate to the bill (U. It.
No. 1343) supplemental to an act entitled "An
act for the apportionment of Representatives to
Congress among the several States according
to the ninth census," agreed to the conference
on I he disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Ulysses
Mkrcoii of Pennsylvania, Mr. Charles W.
Wiu.ard of Vermont, aud Mr. S, S. Cox of
New York, managers at the same on its part.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of May 18, 1872, a state-
ment of the amount of coin on deposit in or
to the credit of the Treasury on the first day
of each of the preceding four months; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
lands held for direct taxes.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 780) to pro-
vide for the redemption and sale of lands held
by the United States under the several acts
levying a direct tax ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. SCOI'T, it was
Ordered, That A. Gordon Mutlin havo leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
tho Senate.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, That A. B. Wilson have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. It.
No. 1003) to reimburse the State of Kansas
for moneys expended for the United St.ites in
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion,
reported it, without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary A (fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1112) for the relief of Captain Lyman I.
Hissong, of Henry county, Ohio, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1829) for the
settlement of the accounts of Major Abrara
Beeler, late paymaster of United States vol-
unteers, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harriet W.^Pond,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
