1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Protection of American Industry—Mr. Dwell.
Ho. of Keps.
assert what I most religiously believe, that any
material reduction of the duty will compel the
domestic producers to close their works and
discharge the fifteen thousand men who now
find steady and profitable employment in the
manufacture of salt. They are not only ex-
posed to competition from salt brought here
from Liverpool and Turk's Island, but also
from Goderich. The salt resources of Gode-
rich are ample to furnish the whole United
States and the whole world. Salt is produced
there with cheap labor and fuel at eighty five
cents per barrel. Transportation, as we are
informed, will cost only from ten to forty
cents to all the lake ports of the United States.
Withdraw the protection which the duty on
salt affords the American producer, and the
time will soon arrive when American salt
must yield the markets of the United States
to Canadian salt.
In this connection I read from a pamphlet
published a short time ago, entitled u Pro-
ceedings before the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives, Feb-
ruary 1 and 2,1872," at page 2:
"The chairman of the committee [Mr. Dawes]
placed before the committee a communication, re-
cently addressed to him from a person connected
with the G-overnment of Canada, inclosing docu-
ments exhibiting the good quality of the Goderich
salt, the strength and purity of the brine, the extent
of resources, and the cheapness of salt. In these
documents it is set forth, among other things—
" 1. That the Goderich salt territory extends over
an area of fully one thousand square miles, ' as
fully tested at this date, January, 1872.'
" 2. That the works now in operation manufacture
about fifteen thousand bushels daily, with capacity
equal to thirty thousand, and that by boring addi-
tional wells the manufacture is capable of expan-
sion to an unlimited extent, as the supply is inex-
haustible.
"3. That the price of salt at Goderich is from 85
cents to $1 per barrel of two hundred and eighty
pounds, barrel included, the barrel costing30 cents.
"4. That freights and transportation from Gode-
rich to the United States are as lollows: to Cnicago
and Milwaukee. 10 to 20 cents; to St. Clair river
ports, (Detroit, &c.J 10 to 15 cents; to Lake Erie
ports, 20 t« 25 cents, and to Lake Outario ports, 30 to
40cents. Ttiere is also every facility at Goderich for
shipping salt in bulk,'thus saving costot package.
"5. That Goderich possesses, in a high degree, all
necessary additional resources and facilities for the
manufacture of salt, and its transportation to all
the important western lake ports, and is, therefore,
the most important compektur the salt-works of the
State of New York have ever yet had to contend
with."
I need not ask the House whether it is the
true policy of the United States to rely upon
other countries for our supply of salt. We
may not always remain at peace. We have
been involved in four wars within the past
century, and may be involved in as many more
during the next. If the coming of war should
find us buying our salt abroad instead of mak-
ing it at home, we cannot expect to escape the
panic and distress, the high prices and priva-
tions which on that account weie precipitated
upon this country at the commencement of the
rebellion. One or two years of prices doubled
or trebled by a great scarcity in the presence
of a great demand, would take from the pock-
ets of the people tar more than ihe protective
duty sufficient to establish and maintain an
ample supply of home-made salt, besides gain-
ing ihe employment which ihe domestic indus
tries would afford to domestic labor. Had the
North, in our civil struggle, been as destitute
as the iSouth was of salt manufactories, her
population would have suffered even more
severely tban they did, both in purse and pri
vation. The possession of the much-maligned
salt-works at Syracuse is all that saved a large
section of the North from all the miseries ot &
salt famine of some continuance. Is it worth
while for the people of this country to run the
ri.-k of a like contingency for the paltry con-
sideration, spurious in its supposed realities,
ot saving three ceuts and one mill per year to
each person?
Mr. Speaker, I cannot conclude what I
have to say in relation to the duty upon salt
in any better way than by reading from the
very able speech of Senator Sherman, of Ohip,
delivered in the Senate on the 17th of March
last upon this subject. He says:
"Salt is largely produced in this country. It is
cliielly the product of interior sections where other
manufacturing industry does not exist. The chief
source of supply is at Syracuse. New York; Saginaw,
Michigan, and at Pomeroy, Ohio. It employs fifteen
thousand and ninety persons and $20,000,000 of capi-
tal. It is an absolute necessity of life. This indus-
try must be maintained in war, for our foreign sup-
ply would be imperiled by any maritime Power.
The domestic supply is ample and the product is
cheap. It is sold in every domestic market at less
than one cent per pound.
" Our fishermen, who must compete with foreigners,
have their salt in effect duty free, for they are paid
a drawback of the duty on all they use. It is a west-
ern product, and its production, transportation, and
use represents labor. Every part of it is labor. The
raw brine costs nothing but the labor of purifying.
It is labor in the form of salt. If labor is to be pro-
tected, why shoul d labor producing salt be excepted ?
There is now a duty on salt of eighteen cents per one
hundred pounds, or less than one fifth of one centper
pound. If all textile and metallic fabrics must be
protected, why not salt? If you look for revenue,
it yields over one million dollars, with little cost and
absolute certainty. If you look to protection to
labor, what duty gives protection more properly than
the duty on salt ? The duty on salt docs add to the
cost of the article on the sea-coast., butdoes not affect
the price in the West; but if duties are to be levied
only on articles, the manufacture of the East, how
long will they stand it ? The revision of the tariff
must be treated as a whole. General principles
must be applied. If special exemptions trom duty
are applied to one article of domestic produce they
must be applied to all. We may stand upon ex-
emptions from duty on articles that we cannot pro-
duce, but you cannot stand upon special exemptions
on any article that we can and ought to produce.
Free coal and free salt mean free iron and free wool-
ens. You may discriminate in rate ot duty by rea-
son of cost, bulk, capacity of production, and for
other causes, and for them you may properly reduce
the duty, but you cannot make the article free,
whether you adopt the theory of a revenue or a pro-
tective tariff. It is said that coal and salt are
raw articles. Every article is the finished product
of one industry—co.il ot the miner, salt of the boiler.
Every commodity is only the raw basis of other in-
dustries—cloth tor the tailor, tools tor toe farmer,
machinery for the manufacturer, and allof them are
the raw article of tne merchant."
wool.
Mr. Speaker, I feel a great interest as to
how wool shall be cared for m any revision of
the tatilf which may take place. A portion
of my constituents are largely engaged in the
wool-growing business, aud they are looking
wiih much anxiety to see what action Con-
gress may take in the premises. I hope the
present duty upon wool will not be disturbed,
for I believe it is well adapted to promote the
growth and development of wool-growing, aud
also the interests of consumers, and the public
revenue. The growth of wool in this country
is of national importance, and no industrial
interest is more entitled to the protection and
fostering care of the Government.
The present duty upon wool, enacted in 1867,
was assented io by the woolen manufacturers
of the United States, as appears by a letter
from Hon. E. B. B.gelow, late president of
the National Association of Wool Manufac-
turers,dated December 16,1871, and addressed
to Hon. Henry S. Randall, president of the
Wool-Groweis Association of the United
States. Mr. Bigelow says:
"The present woo! and woolen tariff—a result of
our alliance—has proved to beamost beneficent law.
A general prostration of the wool and woolen indus-
tries ot the country was averted by its timely enact-
ment. Had the large foreign surpluses or wool and
of woolen tabrics, produced to take the place ot cot-
ton, been thrown upon our market alter the close
ot the war, under tue provisions of the previous
tariff, these industries, these sources of national
wealth, would have received a shock from which
recovery wouid have been reached, if at all, only
through along period of distress and embarrassment.
"It appears also from what has been seen of its
operation that this tariff is a? well adapted to secure
the permanent prosperity and future growth of these
great industries as any tariff can be. Whether or
not it should be sustained rests very much with the
wool-growers and wool manufacturers themselves.
If they as heretofore candidly and unitedly present
to Congress the facts which surround their cause, I
have no belief that any opposition, howeverdoterin-
ined, will prevail against them. I can see no reason
why the same influences and thosameconsiderations ,
of sound public policy which led to the enactment of
this tariff may not be made effectual for its preserva-
tion."
I have read this letter, Mr. Speaker, because
several woolen manufacturers in New England
not long since united in a petition to the Ways
and Means Committee asking that the duty
upon wool should be entirely removed or ma-
terially reduced. The testimony of a gentle-
man so eminent and so well known as Mr.
Bigelow, that the present tariff "is as well
adapted to secure the permanent prosperity
and future growth of these great industries as
any tariff can be," should not be overlooked
by the House in considering this important
question. There are many reasons why the
present duty upon wool is necessary. It is an
interest worthy of preservation, and must not
be disturbed. If the manufacturers of woolen
goods expect to sustain themselves they must
stand side by side with the wool-growers of
the country, and not make war upon so import-
ant an interest.
I have before me the report of the second
joint convention of the wool-growers and wool
manufacturers of the United States, at Syra-
cuse, New York, December 20, 1871, and I
read from a report made by John L. Hayes,
esq., to that convention, showing the present
condition of the wool-growing interest in the
United States, and giving many unanswerable
reasons why the present tariff upon wool
should not be disturbed. Mr. Hayes says :
"There is ample reason fortaffirming that the du-
ties on competing wools prevailing during the last
. four years have saved the sheep husbandry of the
: United States from annihilation. This fact, if true,
has broader relations than those bearing upon the
immediate interests of wool-growers or manufac-
turers.
"It is no exaggeration to pronounce the culturo
of sheep as the most indispensable of national
industries. Every Government of Europe has ac-
knowledged it to be so by the special c.ire with
which each has nurtured its culture. The Pre.-adent
of the Ereuch republic, in declaring that 'the
agriculture of Erance cannot dispense with sheep/
uttered a sentiment applicable to every nation
which aims for the utmost development ot its inter-
nal resources. For clothing armies the chief pro-
duct ot this cultuie is a muniment of war, as essen-
tial as iron is for arming soldiers. It is indispensa-
ble as a precursor of general husbandry in new
territories, as it is the most important a^ent of
improving agricul ure in older States. It is the
surest means oi bringing up thesupplyol animailood,
otherwise diminishing or stationary, to the wants
Ot an increasing population, and even its waste
products turuish raw material lor other than textile
industries, dneep huj-bandry thus is scarcely of less
importance io its relations to the general pro&perity
of a country than as an adjunct to the textile man-
ufacture.
"But American sheep husbandry is not merely an
adjunct of the home woolen manufacture; it is its
very foundation. Nearly thr^e quarters of ail the
wool consumed in our mills is of home growth. Our
fabrics are desigued with reference to the peculiar
qualities of our own fiber, and derive from them
their soundness and durability. Our machinery is
adapted (or working our own wools, and our best
skill, founded on experience of these characters, is
exercised m manipulating them. Although we may
import limited supplies ot toreign wool, the ample
domestic supply regulates the cost ot such raw ma-
terial as we may import. The failure ot a domestic
supply of wool would be as fatal to our mills as the
diying up of the streains of water wnich move
them. As a resuit, of the economic law that no
nation does or can continue to import more than
one tenth of all it consumes, we could not import
and pay tor all the raw material which our machin-
ery is capable ot woikmg up ; neither could Amtri-
can consumers afford to import and pay for their
present abundant supply ot cheap and good cloth-
ing. The decline ot the national sheep husbandry
involves not only the arresting of immigration to
new territory, the continued impoverishment of old
lands, the diminution ot hoaltflful food, the stop-
ping of mills, and the dispersion of laborers, but it
involves the aoandonment or curtailment of the
vast clothing establishments in our great cities,
which are dependent upon American fabrics, and a
less abundant provision of comfortable clothing for
the great mass of our people."
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I lay down the
proposition that frequent changes of legisla-
tion on any subject are mischievous. They
argue a want of wisdom, stability, and good
judgment in our law-makers, and breed con-
tempt for the authority of their enactments.
