TIB COtffxBESSIOtfAk GLOBE.
May 27,
No. 1161) for the relief of Harriet W. Pond.
Tljj? $11 read and passed tq a sepon<}
reading, and the report was ordered tq be
printqd.
' $r. DAVIS, pf W'esfc Virginia, from the
Cornmittee pn Claims, to wljom was referred
the memorial of Edward N. Calvert, submit-
ted a rpport accompanied by a bill (S. No.
1162) for the relief pf Edward N. Ca)vert. TJie
bill was read and passed to a second readjng,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
ilr. ROBERTSON, from the select Com-
mittee qn the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties, reported a bill (S. No. 1163) to remove
the legal and political disabilities of certain
persons therein named; which was read> and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. JR.. No. 1547)
for the relief of Henry A. Messenger, asked
to be discharged from its further' considera-
tion, and moved ifs indefinite postponepient;
which was agreed to. "
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee an In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2264) to authorize the Cattaraugus
and Alleghany Indians in New York to lease
lands and confirm leases, reported it with
amendments.
tax and tariff bill.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, and by
unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That three hundred extra copies of the
bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports and
to reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes, be
printed for th# use of the Senate.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and sigued the following bills:
The bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of J. Ross
Browne, late minister to China ;
The bill (S. No. 654) for the relief of James
P. Joy; and
The bill (S. No. 674) for the relief of Wil-
liam Blanchard.
bill introduced.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1164) appropriating $10,000 for a statue
of General John A. Rawlins; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
printing of amendments.
Mr. OSBORN, Mr. RAMSEY, Mr. CALD-
WELL, Mr. ANTHONY, and Mr. CHAND-
LER submitted amendments intended to be
proposed to the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
80, 1873, and for other purposes; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. Ii. No.
2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes;
which was ordered to be printed.
washington gas-light company.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am directed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whQm was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2833)
to increase the capital stock and to extend
the works of the "Washington Gas-Light Com-
pany, to report it back without amendment,
and to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to increase the
capital stock of the Washington Gas-Light
Company to $200,000, with the privilege of
increasing it not exceeding $1,000,000, as the
same may be required from time to time, for
extending; (heir works in the District of Colum-
bia east of Rock creek; but this increase of
capital stocji is not to be made from undivided
profits Qf {.be company which have already
accrued, or may hereafter accrue, but from
capital actually paic{ in, s^nd this increased
capital gtppk i? to be subject to all the condi-
tions of the charter of the Washington Gas-
light Cotppaoy-
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time,,and passed.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read tvfiee
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia :
The bill (H, R. No. 2847) to authorize the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company to run trains, and transport freight
and passengers within the District of Co-
lumbia ;
The bill (H. R. No. 2882) relating to the
supreme court of the District of Columbia ;
Tlie bill (II. R. No. 2883) supplemental to
the act of February 9, 1821, incorporating the
Columbian College in the District of Colum-
bia; and
The bill (H. R. No. 2884) for the settlement
and payment of the claim of Elizabeth S.
Brewer, executrix of John Brewer.
The bill (H. R. No. 2881) to regulate the
collection of taxes on fermented liquors was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, (at eight
o'clock and forty niinutes p. m.,) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 27, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
reading of the journal.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
Friday last.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with. It is .very long, being the Journal of
the night session.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of
the Journal.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed the following
bills of the House of the following titles, with-
out amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 1416) for the relief of
Albert YV. Gray; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3833) to increase the capi-
tal stock and to extend the works of the
Washington Gas-Light Company.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendment to a bill (H.
R. No. 1390) for the relief of the sureties of
the late Jesse K. Simpkins, deceased, dis-
agreed toby the House, asked for a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed as managers
of said conference on its part Mr. Freling-
huysen, Mr Morrill of Maine, and Mr.
Johnston.
beadina'oF the journal.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of
the Journal.  
Mr. DAWES. I hope the further reading
of the Journal, which is a very long one, will
be dispensed with.
Mr. BIRD. I insist on my objection.
Mr. SARGENT. It is now twenty-five
minutes after eleven o'clock, and I move to
suspend the rules in order to dispense with the
further reading of the Journal.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish my friend from
New Jersey would insist on his objeption, so
that we may have the Journal resd.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia moves to s.uspeqd the ru}es to dispense
with the further reading qf the Journal.
Mr. BROOKS. How does he get the floor
when the Journal is beipg read, to dispense
with the further reading ? It is -9 dangerous
proceeding
fhe SPEAKER. It is quite within the
rules, and is pftei) done during the last part
of a sgssiof). Indeed, during the last two
days, if it were not witiiin the power of the
Hopse to suspend the rules, no business could
be.dpne. During the last ten days of a session
the rules may be suspended at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. Hovv does be get the floor
to make the motion 1
The SPEAKER. By addressing the Chair.
Mr. BROOKS. We have almost a consti-
tutional right to have the Journal read, and
this is a bad precedent.
The SPEAKER. That may be, but the
gentleman knows during the close of a ses-
sion, and especially on the last day, unless
the reading of the Journal could be dispensed
with, no business could be done. The Chair
agress with the gentleman as to the import-
ance of having the Journal read. At the
same time a motion to suspend the rules and
dispense with the reading of the Journal is in
order.
The question was put to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
two thirds have not voted in the affiimative.
Mr. DAWES. I demand a division.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
70, noes 51.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the further reading of the Jour-
nal was not dispensed with.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of
the Journal.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business ip order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of Slate and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing
and reference.
sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. Although the order of
business is as stated by the Chair, nevertheless
a motion to suspend the rules is in order at
this time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules be suspended during the remain-
der of thi3 present session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
two rules to which the resolution refers. They
seem to be put in for the purpose of having
them suspended at the end of each session.
The Clerk read as follows:
"16. No billthatshallhavepassedonelloTiseshaH
be sent for concurrence to the other on either of the
three last days of tho session.—January 30,1822.
17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
be presented to the President of the United States,
tor his approbation, on the last day of the ses-
fiion.—January 30,1822."
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose, from his offering
this resolution, that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr, Garfield] expects that Congress will
adjourn on the 29th.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can have
only the same effect, no matter what time
Congress adjourns. The rule applies in the
one case to the three last days, and in the
other to the last day of the session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the rules
had been suspended two months ago the effect-
would be the same.
Mr RA-NPAJjL. I suppose that this reso*
