2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
all grants, rights, and privileges contained in
the original grant be continued in full force
and virtue for said time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope some explanation
-will be given of this bill before the House is
called upon to pass it.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will state that this bill
has the approval of the Committee on the
Public Lands. There are reasons why it is
desirable that it should Be passed at the pres-
ent time. This road from Copper Harbor to
Fort Howard is two hundred and ninety-five
miles in length. It has been entirely com-
pleted save thirty miles. These were in pro-
cess of completion during the last season, but
the contractor on the road was interrupted in
consequence of the extensive fires and other
causes in the State of Michigan and along
the line where this completion was being made.
The board of public works of the State of
Michigan have petitioned that the time be
extended, and have requested the delegation
from Michigan to urge the extension. It is
but an act of justice. The State has done
everything it could do to complete this road,
and but thirty miles of the two hundred and
ninety remain to be completed. The time
'expired on the 1st of January last.
Mr. HOLMAN. The road is not con-
structed by the State, I believe ?
Mr. DUNNELL. The State has charge of
it. It contracts with a party who acts for the
State.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman ex-,
plain exactly how the grant is appropriated
and who has the benefit of the lands at this
time?
Mr. DUNNELL. The contractor, I suppose,
will be benefited by it. Although some ninety
miles of the road in the State of Michigan are
already completed, yet the lands have not
been patented to the contractor, who has acted
in good faith to complete the road, which is
already completed save thirty miles. He
would have done so but for the fire which
raged in that section of the country at the
close of last year. It is necessary that the bill
shall be passed early in order that the con-
tractor may be enabled to engage men and
go on with the work which he has heretofore
carried on in good faith.
Mr. HOLMAN. Have all the lands been
granted by the State to a single contractor >V
consirnct the road ; and if so, on what terras?
Mr. DUNNELL. I think on but two sec-
tions of the road from Fort Howard to tb?
State line of Wisconsin, and that portion of
the road iias been entirely built, and the lands
have passed out of the hands of the General
Government. Thirty miles of the road re-
main to be buill ; all the rest has been built
in the State of Michigan, and a portion of the
lands have been passed over to the parties
who have built the road. A certain portion
remains undelivered, the time having expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. When was tlie grant first
made, and was it ever extended?
Mr. DUNNELL. It was extended once
for two years. The gentleman should remem-
ber that there are but six months or five months
and a half in the year in the State of Mich-
igan when men can work on this kind of work,
and as a practical result the time has been too
short for completing the road. They are acting
in good faith.
Mr. HOLMAN. The grant was first made
in 1859.
Mr. DUNNELL. I think an extension of
the grant was made at that time.
Mr. HOLMAN. The grant was originally
made in 1859, and the extension was made
three years ago. I would be glad, for the
purpose of enabling us to see how the public
lands are being appropriated, to know what
kind of road is being constructed. It is called
a military road, but I suppose the term is in-
tended to express a thoroughfare. What kind
of a road is being constructed ? Is it a dirt
road, or is it a macadamized road ?
Mr; DUNNELL. The gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Sutherland,] I have no doubt, can
give thatinformation.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I have been over a
portion of that road. It. is a turnpike road ;
the contractors have done their work well, and
wherever rocks were to be had have actually
macadamized it. It is one of the best roads
in the State of Michigan, so far as it has been
constructed.
Mr. CONGER. The road, as far as built,
is built from the northern end of Lake Supe-
rior down to the unsettled portion of Wiscon-
sin, and is useless until it is completed to the
settlements. It terminates, so far as it has
been built, in a wilderness where there are no
settlements and no people.
Mr. DUNNELL. I call for a vote.
The question was taken, and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof,) the rules were sus-
pended, the Committee on the Public Lands
were discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill, and it was passed.
removal of political disabixitiks.
Mr. SHELDON. I desire to pass a little
amnesty bill. It is a bill to relieve certain
citizens therein named from their political
disabilities.
The bill was read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to add the name of J. B.
Hodge, of West Virginia.
Mr. SHELDON. I have no objection. My
colleague [Mr. Morez] desires to add some
names, and a number of other gentlemen.
Amendments were then offered by several
members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not, in any
event, permit an amnesty bill or an amend-
ment to be offered unless the same is dis-
tinctly read. The Chair desires to say that
in the case he referred to the other day he
was subsequently informed by the Clerk that
the bill als.o included the names of A. O. P.
Nicholson, of Tennessee, and Isham G. Har-
ris, of Tennessee. The Chair knows not who
put them in, though he doubts not it was done
inadvertently.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the names
of the persons contained in the various amend-
ments that had been offered. After several
had been read,
Mr. COX said: Mr. Speaker, is there no
way by which we can stop this mockery of
legislation ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not use
that expression, but he is very glad the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] has seen fit to
employ it.
Mr. RAND ALL. What is the plan proposed
in regard to this bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] offered an amnesty
bill, and several gentlemen have proposed
amendments thereto. The Chair had hoped
that alter the previous experience of this
House all these bills would be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, which commit-
tee is allowed a special clerk for the purpose
of alphabetizing and arranging the names in a
bill in due form.
Mr. RANDALL. Ihavenoobjectiontothat.
Mr. COX. It it is in order, I will move that
this bill, with the amendments, be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, ot Massachusetts. Allow
me to make a single suggestion. The Judi-
ciary Committee are preparing a bill with sev-
eral thousand names  
Mr. PETERS. Over five thousand.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league on the committee says ovrer five thou-
sand. We are at work as expeditiously as
we can to get the names of all who have ever
applied for the removal of their disabilities,
and incorporate them all in one bill, which we
propose to report to the House as soon as it
is prepared.
The SPEA KER. The Chair desires to give
notice that after to-day, unless the Committee
on the Judiciary shall recommend it, the Chair
will decline to give the floor to any gentleman
for the purpose of introducing a bill of this
character.
Mr. CALDWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to be heard for a few minutes
in reference to what has been said concerning
the names of A. O. P. Nicholson and Isham
G. Harris, of Tennessee.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted accordingly.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to say that on
a former day when many names were presented
to the House to be incorporated in a bill for
the removal of disabilities, I had prepared a
bill containing the names of Mr. Nicholson
ami Mr. Harris, for reference to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. On returning to my seat,
some gentleman, I do not know who, offered
an amnesty bill, or a bill for the removal of
political disabilities, and the Speaker an-
nounced that any member who wished to pre-
sent the name of any person—" any person "
was the expression, as I understood it—could
hand it in to be incorporated in that bill. As
I had the bill I hud prepared in my hand I
handed it in on that occasion. I will state
heie to the House that so far as those two
names were concerned, I did not know all ihe
names on the list that 1 then offered. It was
handed to me that morning. I did not know
that there was any objection from my portion
of the State to the name of Isham G. Harris,
or to any other name in the list; I did not
know that his name or the name of Mr. Nichol-
son was obnoxious to the House. Indeed, I
did not know that the name of Mr. Nicholson
was in the list. I knew that the name of Mr.
Harris was in it., and aft£r I had copied into
the list the names of those from my portion
of the State, I handed the list to my colleague
[Mr. Bright] for the names from his portion
of the State. I have never been one who would
endeavor to smuggle through this House, or
anywhere else, the name of any one. I was
so far, as all who know me will believe, from
attempting to smuggle through the House the
name of Mr. Harris, that I put it into the bill
I at first intended to have referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I did not know that
the name of either of those gentlemen was
obnoxious to this House. If I had thought for
a moment that there would have been any ob-
jections to either of them, 1 would have had
them read and reread. I understand that two
amnesty bills have passed through this House
removing the political disabilities from those
two persons as well as others, and I do not
see or know why their names should be kept
out of such a bill any more than the names of
any other persons.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
whatever that it was done inadvertently. But,
at the same time, he would state that the
House in passing two general amnesty bills
distinctly excluded, not by name, but by the
provisions of the bill, the case of ex-Senator
Nicholson.
The Clerk continued the reading of the
various names sent to the desk as amend-
men ts.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I would like to offer an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. SHELDON. I must object to further
amendments.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this proceeding by
unanimous consent? I think it has gone far
enough.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on a motion to suspend the rules ; and the
attention of the Chair has just been called to
the fact that one of the names sent to the desk
is that of Percy Walker, who was confederate
secretary of war.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Haxuley]
whether all the persons whose names he lias
