1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the ruling
on the question raised by the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit the point of
order.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The present
occupant of the chair has come into the chair
since the motion was made.
Mr. SAWYER. The motion is to open the
doors. That motion is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the motion was that when the Sen-
ate adjourns it be to meet on Monday.
Mr. SPENCEIi. The motion was to open
the doors for the purpose of submitting a
motion that when the Senate adjourns it be to
meet on Monday.
The PRESIDENT^??-*? tempore. Theques-
tion is, shall the doors be opened, shall the
Senate proceed to the consideration of legis-
lative business? Is the Senate ready for the
question?
Mr. POMEROY. The vote cannot be taken
until the question of order is settled.
The PRESIDENT pr-o tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable ; it is similar to a motion
to go into executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The doors
are now open.
Mr. SPENCER. I now move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. COLE. That question I believe is de-
batable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. COLE. The Senate, if they choose,
can apply the remarks I have already submit-
ted on the other motion to this. [Laughter.]
I am told by Senators about me that probably
the majority are against the proposition to pro-
ceed witk business to-morrow. If that be the
judgment of the Senate I should like to have
it expressed by a vote by yeas and nays, and
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler,
Clayton, Oonkling. Corbett. Davis of West Virginia,
Flanagan, Frelraghuysen.Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Morton,
Nye, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer,
Stockton. Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
West—32.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Edmunds, Ferry
of Michigan, G-ilhert, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Kellogg,
Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Pom-
croy, Pratt, Robertson, Sherman, Sprague, Steven-
son, Windom, and Wright—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of'Maryland, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Thurman, and Wilson—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That James C. Piekott be permitted to
withdraw from the files of the Senate papers relat-
ing to his claim for balance due him as charge
d'affaires to Peru.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to the claims of Durfee and
Peck for property destroyed by Indians, be taken
trom the flies of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. PBATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of L. Mer-
chant & Co. be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Daniel J. Browne,
appointed by the Commissioner of Patents to visit
various parts of Europe to investigate and report
on the productions, manufactures, and commerce of
those countries, praying a,n investigation into the
manner in which he lias discharged his official
duties, and the treatment he has received from his
superior m office, and that he be allowed compen-
sation lor his time and service, be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill (H. R. No. 635) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Lois to that of Sea
Witch; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1669) authorizing an
American register to the British brig Isa-
dore, owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of New-
ton, Massachusetts.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After eighteen minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and (at four o'clock and twenty-three minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 23, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
Wednesday last.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that the further reading of the Journal
be dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The Journal was then read and approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate, in the absence of the Vice President,
had chosen Hon. Henry B. Anthony, a Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, President of the Sen-
ate pro tempore.
stenographers for dnited states courts.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary the bill (H. R. No. 20) to provide sten-
ographers for the courts of the United States.
The bill was read for information.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the bill at this time ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Maine whether he will not have that
bill recommitted and printed, so that we can
examine its provisions ?
Mr. PETERS. It is already printed, and
we report only a few immaterial amendments.
The SPEAKER. It is in the committee
now, and of course, as the House refuses to.
entertain it, it will remain there.
bridges across the missrssippt.
On motion of Mr." SHELDON, by unani-
mous consent, the bill (S. No. 547) to author-
ize the construction of a bridge across the
Mississippi, at or near the town of Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, and other bridges across
said river, .and to establish them as post roads,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred t'o the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
shrevj3port, louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table
for consideration at this time Senate bill No.
550, to constitute Shreveport, in the State of
Louisiana, a port of delivery.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which objections to its present consideration
will be in order.
The bill was read, and provides that Shreve-
port, Louisiana, shall be constituted a port of
delivery, within the collection district of New
Orleans, and that a deputy collector of customs
shall be appointed to reside at said port, with
a salary not to exceed $1,500 per annum.
_ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think this
bill should be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SHELDON. That committee have
agreed to it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
its being considered now.
Mr. SHELDON. Then I ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
No objection being made, the bill was ac-
cordingly taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HOAR. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the House will resume the consid-
eration of the unfinished business of Wednes-
day last, being House bill No. 1323, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1873, reported from the
Committee of the Whole with sundry amend-
ments, and upon which the main question has
been ordered. The first question will be upon
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Swann] in charge of the bill, is entitled
to the floor to close debate thereon.
Mr. SWANN. 1 propose to divide the time
to which I am entitled under the rules between
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, [Mr. Garfield,] yielding first to
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. VOORHEES addressed the House in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. SWANN. I now yield to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
it has not been my purpose or desire that
these discussions growing out of appropriation
bills should lead us into general politics, and
in the main they have not done so ; but for
the purpose of saving time, the other day when
we had this bill up it was agreed that three
quarters of an hour should be so spent. It
was a sort of compromise which all parties
made in order to bring- this bill to a vote.
In regard to the very eloquent and invest-
ing speech which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Voorhees] has made, I have only one
word to say. I hope and believe he does not
seriously intend to antagonize this bill with
his notions of Cuban affairs. Whatever may
be the merits of that controversy, this bill is
not a part of it, except in the most remote
and indirect way.
Let me say one thing more before I dismiss
that subject. I suggest this is not the proper
moment to increase our complications with
foreign nations. Our relations with Spain are
already delicate. I fear our relations with
Great Britian are also very delicate. It would
be an unheard of calamity if these troubles
should result in breaking down that treaty
which is an honor to human nature and should
be the great exemplar in all future time for all
nations in settling great difficulties without
war. I hope our Government will be very
slow in taking any measures in relation to
Cuba, in relation to Spain, in relation to
Great Britain, and in relation to any other
nation with whom we are now at peace to
deepen the angry feelings which already exist.
For these reasons I was sorry that my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] thought proper
on this occasion to enter upon this question.
I would have preferred that the House should
follow still further the wise example that it
has already set, and attend to the legitimate
business of legislation, and leave it to other
bodies to make the entire business of the win-
ter political business, and the making and
unmaking of Presidents.
Having said so much with regard to the sub-
ject of debate this morning, I have but a word
further to say. The bill has come back from
the Committee of the Whole with three amend-
ments, made not by the recommendation of
the Committee on Appropriations, but by the
