1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2975
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to present one
consideration to the Senator from New York
and to the Senate. In what attitude or in
what light would Congress be left should the
construction claimed for the act of 1868 be a
correct one? Congress, by the act of 1857,
authorizes a board to consider certain claims.
This board when convened d'-rermines that,
it can consider and will consider only claims
of a certain class, not .claims for extras, not
claims for construction, but simply claims
arising out of delays brought about by
the action of the Department in the pros
ecution of the work. The board then pro-
ceeds to consider these claims, and awards
a certain sum to the Secors, which mus-t be
consideied as due to them on that account
Now, when that claim comes before Congress,
I ask what light, clues it present Congress in
if it were to say, ''You are awarded so
much for delay; now we will agree to pay you
what is due to you for delay upon condition
that you will give up all other claims on ac-
count of charges for construction.'' I ask
if that construction would not present Con-
gress in a dishonest, I might almost say a
contemptible attitude, before the country for
Congress to say, We will pay you what is
justly found due you for delays on condition
that you give up your account for con-,true
tioti; you have not brought in your account
for construction because the board would not
allow you to do it; you are not to blame
for it, whether the board decided correctly
or not in preventing you from bringing m
that account; you are not responsible: you
could not help yourself; the board refused to
let jon bring it in; you could not bring it
in ; and now we say we will pay you what is
due on (he other account it' you will give
that up ?''
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, Mr. President, I
think the suggestion of the Senator from In-
diana is just, and it. saves the necessity of
construing this statute at ail. Suppose, as
the Senaior says, the board from arrant, stu-
pidity, if you please, confounded and miscon-
ceived its jurisdiction; suppose the board in
the face of a plain statute, as the Senator
from Indiana suggests, Said to these contract-
ors, " Wecannotconsiderthis class of claims;"
take it as a blunder as bungling as you p'ease.
would it warrant Congress, or the Department
either, in refusing to pay these claims or in
paying them only to a party in duress, saving
to him, " We wii! not pay you anything uuless
you give a satisfaction for more than we pay
That is what it would come to. Certainly it
would be unjust.
But, the Secretary of the Navy is not driven
to the case as it would be merely upon its
merits; we have the case before us upon the
law in such wise that I think the Secretary of
the Navy will stand untii he falls before some
accusation more just than that which is now
leveled at him.
Mr. President, I want to make one further
remark about the Keokuk, which this board
found was not within its jurisdiction. The
Keokuk presented the s:mpic ca^-'O of a vessel
enlarged by the direction of the Department
after the contrast was made. The claim began
and ended whh a demand for increased mate-
rial and increased labor, amounting to about
$50,000. Tlie b >aru immediately brushed it
aside saying, '• That is not within the purview
Of Our authority.'' Why? "Because we are
compelled to confine oursilvestociaimsgrow-
ing out of damages inflicted by the Govern-
ment in consequence of delays imposed upon
contractors." For the presentpurpose, 1 need
not pursue the argument.
I was unwilling to suffer this act of 1807 to
be overlooked or taken up upon'hearsay; I
should hold myself guilty of a breach of duty.
8 poor appreciation of manhood, if 1 should
hear in silence the Secretary of the Navy
aspersed for following the construction of an
act which I believe the board quite excusable
for placing upon it, and under which they took
action leaving unsatisfied and outstanding a
class of claims which came up afterward, and
which by the adjudication of a subsequent
board were held to be due.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not intend, Mr.
President, to go into the discussion of the
Secor claim. Intelligent, able, and learned
lawyers have and roust always differ m the
construction of the law. From the time the
Constitution of the United Stales was ordained
to the present hour, how diverse its construc-
tion by the most eminent and patriotic states-
men of our country. The diversity of the
human mind necessarily leads to opposing
views and to antagonizing results. It is not
remarkable therefore that a difference of opin-
ion as to the true intent and meaning of the
statute under which the Secors were paid by
the Secretary of the Navy should have de-
veloped iiself in this debate. I am not satis-
fied that the honorable Senator from New
York [Mr. Coxklixg] is right in bis construc-
tion of this act. Without a more accurate ex-
amination of the acts of 1867 and 1868,1 prefer
to express no opinion now. I rose to answer
a question put to me while I was last up by
the honorable Senator from New Y'ork as to
whether I intended to say that the Secretary
of the Navy had not answered the resolution
propounded to hiin by the House of Repre-
sentatives touching the sale of vessels and
naval stores for the past five years. I have
now the facts, and it affords me great pleasure
to give them to the honorable Senator. On
the 22d day of Februa-y, 1872, the Committee
on Appropriations of tbe Senate asked the
Secretary of the Navy to inform them how
many vessels had been sold, at what price,
under what authority of law, and what distri-
bution had been made of the proceeds. To that
resolution no answer has ever been made to
that committee or to the Senate. But an
answer was made to a similar resolution of
the House of Representatives, which was com-
municated to thatbodyupon the 10ih of April,
1872, but which has not vet been printed.
Why I do not know. Certainly there would
seem to have been ample time to have printed
it.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the Senator speaking
now of what was sent to the House?
Mr. STEVENSON. I say the answer of
the Secretary of the Navy was seut_to the
House of Representatives on the 10th ol April,
1872.
Mr. CONKLING. May 1 inquire of the
Senator, did the House order it to be printed?
Mr. STEVENSON. So I am informed, but
it has not yet been printed.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if my honorable
friend will allow me, he and I understand the
fact precisely alike, that the glut of the work
at the Government Piinting Office has left, a
great many tilings in arrear. There are, I
think, documents, both briefer and longer than
this, sent to the printing establishment earlier,
and which have not yet come bjek. Surely he
does not mean to bi-tmethe Secretary for that.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, I do not blame
the Secretary for any delay in the printing;
but my honorable friend I think is somewhat
mistaken. He is correct, perhaps, in one re-
spect, and somewhat inaccurate in another. 1
find that the resolution of the House relative
to lawlessness in the insurrectionary States,
calling upon (he President f >r certain informa-
tion, was passed on the 2oih of January, and
that the President of the United States replied
to it on the 19th of April, ten days after the
answer of the Secretary of the Navy had been
communicated; and while the response of the
President has been panted several days since
and laid before the House, the information
which was asked for from the Navy Depart-
ment, and which was communicated to the
House ten days prior to the response of the
-President, has not yet beeu printed. I do not
blame the Secretary; but this delay in print-
ing his response is, under the circumstances,
extraordinary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend pardon
me a moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because I know the Sen-
ator intends to do justice.
Mr. STEVENSON. I try so to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He must be aware that
the work in the Printing Office is divided into
sections and classes, and work which is mere
letter-press like that message of the President
can be got up readily ; but where you get fig-
ures and tables it is natural and proper that
it should take more time to get them together
in a presentable shape. Withoutknowing any-
thing about it, I think it safe to suggest, to the
Senator that when he gets at the facts it will
be found that no person at the Printing Office
or elsewhere is to blatne for the delay in the
appearance of the report, unless it may be Con-
gress for ordering too much to he done.
Mr. STEVENSON. That maybe entirely
true, or it may not be true. I only know that
tbe response of the President contains eighty-
three pages, and that was communicated to
the House on the 19th of April, whiie the
response of the Secretary of Navy was commu-
nicated on the 10th of April, and one has been
printed some days since, while the other is not
yet in print. I cite the fact. The attempted
explanation of the Senator from Vermont may
or may not aceountfor theprintingof thelater
document first.
Mr. CONKLING. In what part of my state-
ment does the Senator s^y I was incorrect?
Mr. STEVENSON. You said you supposed
this had resulted from a glut of work, which
would not account for printing the response
of the President and neglecting that of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. CONKLING. I do suppose so now.
If the honorable Senator will allow me, he
said that I was incorrect in one part of my
statement. He thinks he has proved it by pro-
ducing a later document, a document received
afierward, and the printing of which has been
finished. The Senator from Vermont has
anticipated me in what I was going to aay,
except this: I repeat my statement that matter
has gone to the Printing Office which went at
a much earlier date than the Senator is talk-
ing about, and matter which nobody could have
any motive in retarding or advancing, which
has not yet been received from the Printer;
and that'the Senator does not answer at all by
producing to me, as he m'ght, bilis from his
table which were sent only a day or t'.vo ago
to the Public Printer and have been returned
already. Doubtless many things have been
printed since. But my statement is that many
other things in the glut of work and the divis-
ion of labor in the Printing Office, including
the testimony of committees, which they have
been anxious to get to draw up their leports
from, are belated, as is this communication to
which the Senator has referred. That is all
there is of it.
Mr. STEVENSON. It may be, Mr. Pres-
ident, that J drew an impropwrdeduction from
what the Senator from New York said. 1
inferred from what he stated that the work
had been regularly printed as it was received,
and that no preference had been, given over a
communication lirst received from ihfi Navy
Department, to one received from the Pres-
ident at a later period. By way of rebutting
that statement, I said the message of tne
President, which I exhibited, had been printed
although received ten days after the response
from the Secretary of the Navy.
I do not know, Mr, President, how the facts
are in regard to this seeming preference by
the Printer. I do not know how business is
conducted at the Printing Office, but it does
seem to me that we ought to have bad this
