THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
after specified, who, while in the military or
naval service of the United States and in line
of duty,-shall have lost the sight-of both eyes,
or shall have lost both hands, or been perma-
nently and totally .disabled in the same, or
otherwise so permanently and- totally disabled
as to" render them utterly helpless, or so nearly
so as to require the constant personal aid and
attendance of another person, shall be entitled
to a pension of thirty dollars per month ; and
all persons who under like circumstances shall
have lost both feet, or one hand and one foot,
or been totally and permanently disabled in the
same, or otherwise so disabled as to be inca-
pacitated for performing any manual labor,
but nor. so much as to require constantpersonal
aid and attendance, shall be entitled to a pen-
sion of twenty-five dollars per month.; and all
persons who under like circumstances shall
have lost one hand or one foot, or been totally
and permanently disabled in the same, or oth-
erwise so disabled as to render their incapacity
to perform manual labor equivalent to the loss
of a hand or foot, shall be entitled to a pen-
sion of eighteen dollars per month, the intent
of this act being to increase the rates of pen-
sion to the persons severally above described
twenty per cent, on the present rates from and
after the passage of this act.
No objection was made ; and the bill was
accordingly taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. MOORE. I move to amend this bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting vihat I send to the Clerk's desk, being
section three of a hill already passed by this
House, No. 231*2, to revise, consolidate, and
amend the hiws relating to pensions.
The Clerk read the substitute as follows:
That the pension for poruianeut specific disabil-
ities, and oilieis ot equivalent severity, shall, during
continuance in the degrees ppccilicd, be us follows,
namely: iho loss ot both hands, or total disability
of the same; the loss of the sight of both eyes, or
the log* ot tho aigbt of one eye,' the sight ol the other
eye having pieviously been lost; the loss of both
feet, or total disability of the same, or other total
disability tendering the person utterly helpless or
so nearly so ah to jequuo the aid and attendance of
another person, iorly doltats pqr momh ; the loss of
a hand and a foot, or total disability of the same;
or total disability, incapaeitatuig lor the peilonn-
iinev of any manual Jubor, but nor such us to require
personal aid and attendance, thirty dollars per
inont h ; the loss yf a hand or foot, 01 total disabil-
ity of ihe same, <>r any disability tendering the in-
ability to perform manual labor equivalent to the
]o>s of a hand or loot, twenty dollar per month ; and
the lossol hearmgot both oars, or any disability toa
degree for winch there is no other provision in this
act, shall be entitled to a pen-don of thirteen dollars
per month : J'rooided, That the pension for the loss
of both leet, both hands, or the sight ot bo'th eyes,
sh.ill not commence prior to the 4th day of July,
1804; that the pension lor the loss of one foot and
one hand shMI not commence prior to the od day
of iVIuich, lttG5, and tiiat the {tension for any other
disjibiliiy herein designated shall not commence
prior to the 6th day ot June, 18Gl3; and that the
pension lor loss ot hearing of both .ears, or other
equivalentrdieabiiuy, shall not commence prior to
the approval of this act: Provided further, That any
commissioned officer shall leceive as much pension
for the specific disability herein piuvided tor as a
private disabled in like manner: Aiid provided far-
ther, That in no ease shall the additional increase
oi pension provided for in this section take effect
prior to the passage ot this act.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordeivd to a third reading,
read the third time,, and passed.
Mr. MOO lib; moved lo reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was ageed to.
OltDliK Of BUSINESS.
Mr. DICKEY. I call lor the regular order
of business.
The SPliAKER. The.regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the Brazilian
steamship gub.-idy proposition, coming over
from the day session of b'liday last as unfinished
business. Upon it the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Buck] is eutitledto the floor.
Mr. .ELD UiiilJuK. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to yield to me to
offer a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. BECK. I will do so.
GEORGE C. TICK NOR.
' Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution tor con-
sideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior is di-
rected to inform this House at what time one G-eorge
C. Ticknor was appointed a second-class clerk in his
Department, to what bureau he is attached, and to
what service he is assigned: whether he is still in
such service, the amount of money paid to him up to
this date on account.ot' his regular salary, for travel-
ing: expenses, or as extra componsatisn, and it the
said Ticknor is on special service in the Pension
Bureau; and that he communicate to this House
copies of all reports made by hini in such special
service.
Mr. DICKEY. Is this the regular Order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I object.
brazilian steamship line.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the Senate amendment to
House bill No. 1070, makingappropriationsfor
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year 1870,
The amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows :
Strike out these words: "for steamship service
between tho United States andBrazil.$150,000," and
in lieu thereof insert as follows:
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to
increase the mail service with Brazil now in oper-
ation under the act approved May 28. 1864. so as to
provide tor deliveries ot the mails at New York and
JJio de Janeiro twice each month; and in the con-
tract therelor he shall require said semi-monthly
service to be performed tor the term of years pro-
vided by the original contract, and by steamships
wholly constructed in the United States, (two of
which shall be of not less than twenty-five hundred
tons burden, and the others of not less than two
thousand tons burden,) all of which shall be offi-
cered by citizens of the United States, or those who
have declared their intention to become citizens; and
the contractors shall be required to c:irry the United
States mails without extra charge on all the steamers
they may run upon said lino, or any part of it, or
any branoh or extension thereof: Provided, That
all steamships hereafter accepted for said service
shall beconstructedso as to be readily adapted to the
armed naval service of the United States in time of
war; and before acceptance the officers by whom they
may be inspected shall report to the Secretary of
tho Navy and the Postmaster General whether this
condition has been complied with; and tho Govern-
ment shall have th6 right, in case of war, to take
any of said steamers for its own use, and pay, in
such case, a reasonable compensation therefor:
provided. That the contract herein authorized shall
commence on tho 1st day of October, 1873. and shall
be awarded to the lowest resonsible bidder, after
sixty days' public notice ; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized and directed, pending the
commencement of the contract for permanent ser-
vice, to arrange temporarily with the present con-
tractors for the additional monthly service at the
rate of $250,000 per annum therefor; Provided fur-
ther, That the entire cost to the United States of
said service, performed twice each month, shall not
exceed S40(l,0l)(l per annum; and any sum of money
which may be hereafter contributed by the Govern-
ment of Brazil toward such additional service shall
be dedueted from the amount of compensation
authorized for such service.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion to concur in the amendment
of the Senate, upon which the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BECK. I have but little to say in
addition to what has been already said in -
opposition to this subsidy lor the Brazilian
line. I will remark, in the first place, that
gentlemen who voted against this subsidy the
other day owe it to themselves to explain the
reasons for their action if they intend to vote
in favor of it at this time. Six days have not
elapsed since this House by a vote of 112 to
64 rejected this subsidy. The yeas and nays
of the members on that question are recorded
pro and con. That vote was taken after full
deliberation and a thorough examination of
all the matters connected with the question
of subsidy. Of course every man who voted
then voted understanding^. When I tookthe
floor the other day it was with the view of ask-
ing that gentlemen who had voted against this
project "when by a vote of almost two to one
it was rejected should now explain their
reasons if they intend to record their votes in ,
favor of it. Men after voting against a propo-
sition of this kind to take millions out of the
Treasury (for, asthe subsidy is to run ten years,
it will amount to millions) are presumed, when
they change their votes within five days, to
have some reason for the change.
It was bad enough that this House having
after three days'discussion rejected by a vote
of 92 to 87 the subsidy for the Pacific mail
steamship line, should turn round and in less
than two weeks by a vote of 109 to 88 vote
that money away from the people. Men
who thus changed their votes had doubtless
good reasons for doing so, though none so far
as I know gave the reasons. But the fact
stands recorded that the House, after having
rejected that proposition by a vote of 92 to 87,
agreed to it in less than two weeks afterward
by a vote of 109 to 88. The fact also stands
recorded that five days ago by a vote of 112
to 64 the House rejected this proposed subsidy
for this Brazilian line, yet now, forsooth, we
are expected to pass it, and I hope the country
will demand the reasons of those who change
and vote for this proposition now, if they fail
to give reasons satisfactory to the House.
I have opposed all propositions of this kind
because I regard them as the entering-wedges
to a great system of subsidy. When the ques-
tion was up before, I referred the House to
an Executive Document (No. 50) in which
seventeen,great lines are recommended by tbe
Secretary of the Navy to be subsidized, every
one of these lines being, according to the
statement of the Secretary, as meritorious as
that now proposed, and some of them more
meritorious.. If we enter upon this system of
subsidizing steamship lines, ten or perhaps
twenty millions will before we get through be
taken out of the pockets of an already over-
taxed people to be put into the pockets of
private capitalists. If such measures are to
be enacted, the House and the country ought
to know why.
We are to day paying for. our postal service
about thirty-one million dollars annually—
$'24,000,000 out of the regular receipts of the
"Post Office Department, $6,000,000 to makeup
deficiencies, and nearly a million in steamship
subsidies. Gentlemen talk about what Eng-
land is doing in this matter. The difference
between England and our country in this re-
gard is that while she has more steamship
lines to send her mails to her people than
we have, she pays a great deal less for her
inland postal service than we pay. Her peo-
ple are scattered all over the world ; yet as the
official book of estimates, which can be always
seen in the room of our Committee on Appro-
priations will show, her subsidies to steamship
lines, about which so much has been said,
amount to only £924,000, or $4,500,000. The
British Government makes contracts, legiti-
mate contracts, with the lowest bidder for car-
rying the mails. Upon the contracts, which
embrace mail Rervice to Europe, Asia, and
Africa, only £927,OOOare paid, as the following
tables taken from the British book of estimates
show:
America:
Liverpool to New York or Boston £105,000
Southampton to New York, every Tuesday... 7,000
Queenstown and Halifax  8125
New York and Nassau  2,708
Halifax, Bermuda, and St. Thomas  19,500
Halifax and St. John's, Newfoundland  4 500
England and West Indie?  178 000
Turk's Isln nd and St. Thomas ..." '300
St. Kitts, Nevis, and Montserrat 490
St. Thomas and Havana, and intermediate
stations 
St. Thomas and Puerto Kico .." .*..7....'."'.*..'. 1 000
Belize and New Orleans 2^000
Liverpool and Buenos Ayres 6,200
xalmouth and Buenos Ayres 
Liverpool and Valparaiso, (two a month)  6,300
Liverpool t° Puerto Cabello.Tampico, and St.
Martha  2 300
Southampton and Brazils and Buenos Ayres, 35lu00
west coast of America between Panama,
ixr ant' Valparaiso ;  17,500
West coast of America, (third monthly ser-
vice,)   1,200
Iotal..„ ••  
