1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
action of the Committee of the "Whole. I will
call attention in a word to what those three
amendments are, and will then leave the House
to do as they think best in regard to them. The
first amendment strikes out several of the mis-
sions of Central America, consolidating them,
and thereby effecting a reduction of $30,000
on the salaries for these missions. Th e second
of the amendments raises the rank of the mis-
sion to Japan to the second grade and puts it
on a level with the mission to China. The
third raises our mission to Russia to the first
grade and puts it on a level with the missions
to England, France, and Germany. The last
two amendments increase the expenditures of
the bill by $7,500. There is then a decrease
of $30,000 and an increase of $7,500, leav-
ing a total decrease by the amendments now
pending of $22,500.
The Committee on Appropriations do not
desire to take any position of special antago-
nism in regard to any of these three amend-
ments. It is for the House to determine upon
them. The Committee on Appropriations
allowed these amendments to be offered with-
out resisting them on a point of order. It is
for the House to say whether the new and im-
portant relations that have lately sprung up
between us and Japan do not warrant us in
reaching across the waters, grasping the hand
of that Power and lifting up the Japanese
mission to the standard of a second-class mis-
sion. Personally, I believe we ought to do it.
And I would say the same in regard to the
Russian mission. It seems to be a matter of
good statesmanship, when there have been
some difficulties between us and Russia, to
show them that our friendship is not so slightly
founded as to be affected by any mere personal
quarrel with a minister.
In regard to the Central American Govern-
ments, I feel some doubt whether we should
strke out so many missions. But I know that
for the last seven years the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] with his accus-
tomed zeal and ability, has pushed this prop-
osition, which may or may not be a reform.
Hitherto he has been unsuccessful. Perhaps
it may he as well to let it go through, and
between the two Houses in the conference,
which I suppose may be had, something may
be determined which may settle the question
for the future. I yield the balance of my time,
which I believe is three minutes, to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a word in
regard to the reduction of the representation
of this Government in Central America. I
have resisted this for six or seven years. It
has been pressed by very many members of
the House and once by a majority of the Sen-
ate, or by the Senate committee. That has
been done for a long time, and 1 am satisfied
we cannot long defer a reform in this regard;
and therefore I was willing to yield the ques-
tion in the House and allow the final determ-
ination in regard to this representation to be
made in conference between the two Houses.
In regard to the question which has been
referred to by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations—the situation of this Gov-
ernment in regard to foreign countries—I have
this to say; I do not anticipate any conflict
with England; I do not anticipate any serious
difficulty with Spain; but I do believe that the
best way to secure peace between this country
and all other countries is the assertion of our
rights and the preparation to defend our rights.
I feel assured that the House will have an
opportunity of discussing our relations with
Spain upon a legitimate and proper measure,
where our votes will follow the discussion;
and it is for that reason that I have not intro-
duced this questiou in the consideration of this
bill. I have listened to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] with great pleasure,
and in most of hissuggestions I heartily concur.
But I trust that he will not undertake to defeat
the representation ofthis Governments Cuba,,
which is the most important of our represent-
ations with the Spanish Power. _ If we want
to dissever our relations with Spain we should
strike at the minister to Spain, not at the con-
sul at Cuba, who has, by the consent of the
Spanish Government, quasi diplomatic rela-
tions.
I say again, in behalf of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, that I feel assured we shall
have an opportunity, at such length as the
House will permit, to discuss this question
when our votes may follow our deliberations,
which is exactly what we want.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I do not
suppose the gentleman from Massachusetts
makes the criticism that I made a speech on
an illegitimate or improper occasion. I do
not suppose that he intended to convey that
impression. I do not desire to antagonize this
bill in its general features and details. I stated
when I rose that I desired to embrace this
occasion to lay before the House and the coun-
try some views whiph I entertain in regard to
our relations with Spain. I consulted with the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
and others, who" did not think it was improper
or out of order for me to do so.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will allow
me to say one word. I think the gentleman
from Indiana was perfectly correct in making
the speech he made. Every member of the
House knows that it is with great difficulty
we get opportunities, and we must take such
opportunities as present themselves.
TheSPEAKER protempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) The hour allowed the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Swann] for closing
debate has expired, and the question now is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] to strike out the enacting
words of the bill.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
19, noes 110.
So the House refused to strike out the
enacting words of the bill.
The question recurred upon the amendments
reported by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The first amendment was in line nine, to
insert, after the word "Germany," the word
"Russia," so as to place Russia among the
missions of the first-class.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
113, noes 16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
clause providing for the first-class missions, to
strike out " $52,500," and insert in lieu thereof
"$70,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve, to
strike out "Russia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
word " Mexico," in line twelve, "Japan."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
eighty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations that
there ought to bo a clerical correction in the
amount of the appropriations for these mis-
sions.
The SPEAKER. These clerical corrections
will be made so as to make the bill conform to
what the House has ordered. .
The next amendment was in line fifteen, to
strike out the word " Japan."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines nineteen,
twenty, and twenty-one, to strike out the words
"Guatemala, Costa Rica, Honduras, Salva-
dor," and to insert, after the word "Nica-
ragua," "also accredited to Guatemala, Costa
Rica, Honduras, and Salvador."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
sixty-fivo, to insert " and from and after the
close of the present fiscal year said appropria-
tions shall cease, and all acts or parts of acts
inconsistent therewith be, and the same are
hereby, repealed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was upon page 5, line
ninety-eight, after the word " Funchal," to
insert "Tien-Tsin."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert on page
6, after line one hundred and twenty-eight, the
following:
Provided, That none of the books published by the
Government, and usually known by the name of
" public documents," shall be supplied to the lega-
tions and consulates of the United States, except
such as shall have been first designated by the Sec-
retary of State, by a writing to be recorded in the
State Department, as suitable for and required by
the legations and consulates to which they shall bo
supplied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment recommended by the
Committee of the Whole was to add to the bill
the following:
The compensation of the chief clerk of the Depart-
ment of State shall be at the rate of $2,50(9 per
annum, beginning with the 1st day of July, 1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SWANN. I call the previous question
upon that question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was then passed, upon a division—
ayes one hundred and thirty-one, noes not
counted.
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the title by adding the words "and for other
purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, attwenty-five minutes past one o'clock,
and reports of a private nature are in order
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the Committee of
Claims entitled to the remaining portion of
their last morning hour?
TheSPEAKER. Not unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOAR. If the Chair will allow me, I
will state that I made an objection before to
the proposition of the gentleman that more
time be allowed to the Committee of Claims,
because I understood it to mean that they
desired an entire hour.
The SPEAKER. The time occupied by that
committee runs against them as an entire morn-
ing hour. The committees are called so rapidly
for bills of a private nature that it may not be
a week before the Committee of Claims ara
again reached.
AMERICAN REGISTER TO BRIG TSAnORB.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, House joint reso-
lution No. 6, authorizing an American registei
to the British brig Isadore, owned by Edwin
M. Fowle, of Newton, Massachusetts.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a report in this
case?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no report, but I
hold in my hand a communication from the
