1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
tives, all cases in which there is eligibility to
election, but not eligibility to hold the office at
the date of the election. Then, on the other
side, is the case in which there is no eligibility to
electioii; that is to say, no man can be elected
a Senator and no man can be eleoted a Repre-
sentative who is not at the time of his election
an inhabitant of the State l'rom which he is
elected. That was the precise question in
regard to the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Ames,] There was no question that when he
came here to take his seat he was an inhabit-
ant and citizen of the State of Mississippi;
and yet the Judiciary Committee of the Sen-
ate, by almost or quite a unanimous vote—six
out of seven, I believe—reported to the Senate
that he was not entitled to his seat because he
was not an inhabitant of the State at the time
of his election. They were overruled by the
Senate, not upon any question of law or Con-
stitution, but because in the opinion of the
Senate on the facts that were stated he was an
inhabitant at the time of the election.
The same distinction is found in almost all
the constitutions of the States. I refer, be-
cause [ am more familiar with it, to the con-
stitution of my own State, as every Senator
can readily refer to the constitution of his,
to see the distinction that is made between
eligibility to election or appointment and
eligibility to hold the office. In the second
article of the constitution of Ohio it is pro-
vided :
" Nor shall any'person holding public money for
disbursement or otherwise have a seat in the Gen-
eral Assembly until he shall have accounted for and
paid such money into the treasury."
He may be elected, but he cannot take his
seat until he has accounted for the money
and paid it into the treasury. Theie is a case
of eligibility to election, but ineligibility at the
time of the election to take his scat.
Again, in the same article it is provided,
"but a person holding office under the United
States, or any lucrative office under the State,
is not eligible" to election. There the people
of Ohio saw fit to prevent a man from even
being elected to their General Assembly if he
were an officer of the United States or held
a lucrative office under the State.
In the next article it is provided :
"No member of Congress shall execute the office
of Governor."
The effect of which is that a member of
Congress may be elected Governor, as mem-
bers have been, but they cannot execute that
office, they cannot take the office of Governor
until their membership in Congress has ceased
either by resignation or lapse of time. They
are eligible to election, but not eligible to hold
the office.
In the next article of the constitution is
another prohibition against eligibility to elec-
tion. It provides that " the votes for a judge
for any elective office, except a judicial one,
shall be void." Here the judge is rendered
ineligible to election to any office but a judicial
one. I refer to this for the purpose of showing
that the distinction between eligibility to elec-
tion or appointment and eligibility to hold the
office is one so well founded that it finds its
place both in the Federal Constitution and I
believe in the constitution of almost every
State of this Union.
Now let us turn to the disqualifying clause
of the fourteenth amendment and read it in
the light of the distinction I have just noticed,
and also in the light of the rule that all dis-
qualifying provisions are to be strictly con-
strued. I beg the attention of the Senate to
the language of the thitd section of the four-
teenth amendment:
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress or
asan offleer-of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
tlic United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds ot each House, remove
such disability.''
There is the whole of it, every word of it,
and now could language be plainer ? It does
not say that no man shall be elected Senator;
it does not say that no man shall be elected a
Representative ; it does not say that no man
shall be elected to office ; but it says " no man
shall be a Senator," and when is a man a
Senator? He is not aSenatoruntil he appears
on this floor, is admitted to his seat, and takes
his oath of office. Until then he is no Sen-
ator ; he has no official position whatsoever
more than any other man in the community.
He has a claim to an office, but he has no
office. He has a claim to the Senatorship, he
has a title to it, but he is no Senator until he
appears here and takes the oath of office and
his seat in the body. Now, what is it that this
constitutional provision says? Not that he
shall not be elected, but that he shall not be
seated ; not that he shall not be elected Sen-
ator, but that he shall not be a Senator.
Now, I put it to every lawyer in the Senate,
and I put it to every man who is not a lawyer,
(for it requires no legal knowledge to under-
stand it,) when you remember what I have
said before that every disqualifying statute is
to be construed stricrly, and that no case is
brought within it unless it is within its letter,
when it is the universal rule in all judicatories
that a case is not within a disqualifying statute
unless it is within the very letter of the statute,
that you cannot extend that statute by argu-
ment, or implication, or construction beyond
its letter, I appeal to you to say how any one
can maintain that under lhat provision in the
Constitution a man is disqualified to he elected
when the Constitution says no such thing.
"When you satisfy every word in the Constitu-
tion, give every word in it its full meaning and
effect by saying that he shall not be a Senator,
(without saying that he shall not be elected,)
and when you remember that the very section
which imposes the disqualification, as if to
meet the case of a man being elected before his
disqualification is removed, provides that that
disqualification may be removed, how can any
one say, with reason, that he is disqualified to
be elected?
If there were no such thing as a removal
of the disqualification, if the Constitution had
made it so absolute that no power in the Gov-
ernment could remove it, then the language,
"no man shall be a Senator," would certainly
have the effect to prevent his election, because
in that case, as he never under any circum-
stances could hold the office, it would follow
as a matter of course that he could not legally
be elected to it; but when the very provision
of the Constitution that imposes the disability
provides that it may be removed and the pro-
vision is not that he shall not be elected,
but simply that he shall not be a Senator. I
once more appeal to every man familiar with
the law to say how anybody can reasonably
contend that the election of a disqualified per-
son to be a Senator is absolutely void, and
that the minority man is elected.
But, next, how has this Constitution been
interpreted ? There is but one interpretation
that has ever been given to it either in the
courts or in Congress, but one single interpre-
tation, and that is the interpretation that the
disqualification applies not to the election but
to the holding of the office. In other words,
the distinction I have drawn is perfectly well
founded. Now I will show to the Senate, if
they have the patience to hear me, conclusive
and irrefragable evidence that both branches
of Congress, both by general and particular
laws, have placed this interpretation upon the
Constitution, have again and again decided,
when their attention was specially directed to
the case, that disqualified persons may law-
fully be elected, and that if their disabilities
be removed they may lawfully take their
offices.
The first general act removing disabilities
was the act of June 25, 1868, to be found in
the fifteenth volume of the Statutes-at-Large.
By that act disabilities were removed from
almost every white man who had been elected
to the Legislature of North Carolina, from
almost every white man who voted General
Abbott into that seat in the Senate which
he formerly held. Their disabilities were
removed after their election by that act of
June 25, 1868. That was the first general
act. I shall have occasion to refer to it more
particularly hereafter. But what did Congress
do immediately upon the passage of that act?
The test-oath act was still in force, and it was
necessary, therefore, to make some provision
that those people whose disabilities were re-
moved might take some other oath than that
prescribed by the test-oath act; and, therefore,
on the 11th day of July, only seventeen days
after the passage of the first general bill for
the removal of disabilities, Congress passed
the act to which I will now call the attention
of the Senate. Mark it, that before the pas-
sage of this act persons laboring under dis-
abilities by the hundred had been elected to
office; almost every man elected to office in
North Carolina, and they were all Republic-
ans ; there was not one Democrat out of five
hundred elected in North Carolina at the elec-
tion in 1S08 ; they were all Republicans ; the
Democrats for the most part stayed away from
the polls, and the Republicans had it their
own way all over the State, and elected the
Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and almost
every man in the Legislature, every judge in
the State, I believe, and almost or quite every
county officer. They had it their own way.
The election 'had taken place in Alabama and
some other States before the passage of this
act. Now, bearing that in mind, see what
Congress enacted on the 11th day of July, 1808 :
An act prescribing an oath of office to be taken by
persons from whom legal disabilities shall have
been removed.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofJicpresenl-
atiues oj the United States of Ainet-ica in Otjngress
assembled, That whenever any person who has par-
ticipated in the late rebellion, and from whom all
legal disabilities arising therefrom have been re-
moved by act of Congress by a vote of two-thirds
of each House-
Showing that it refers to the fourteenth
amendment, because no other disabilities re-
quire two thirds to remove them—
has been or shall be elected or appointed to any
office or placo of trust in or under the Government
of the Unitod Sta tes, he shall, before entering upon
the duties thereof, instead of the oath prescribed by
the act of July 2,1862, take and subscribe the fol-
lowing oath or affirmation.
Then follows the modified oath. Here is
an express act of Congress, a general act in
force to this day, and that general act in the
most clear and explicit language provides that
persons who were under the disqualifications
of the fourteenth amendment, and had been
elected before the passage of this act, should
be allowed to take their offices on taking the
modified oath prescribed by the statute, and
those who were elected afterward also.
Now, what can you say in answer to that?
Could there be a more solemn interpretation
of the Constitution than that? You have de-
clared by this act that the Constitution does
not disqualify a man from being elected, but
only disqualifies him from holding the office
until his disabilities are removed. If that
were not so, you have usurped power that
does not belong to you; yoa have put into
office men by your own fiat who under the
Constitution of your country were not enti-
tled to hold these offices at all; for, if the
