1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
Government of Great Britain? I want it dis-
tinctly understood, that although we had one
third of our population in the State of Mis-
souri in armed hostility to the Government of
the United States during the rebellion, I do
not believe to-day in that State there is any
man who will put himself on the record as
taking a position of this kind. I cannot ex-
plain my friend's position in any other way
than by attributing it to the enthusiasm of a
new convert. I do not understand there is
any gentleman on the other side of the House
who would maintain that rebellion against the
Government of the United States was no crime.
The gentleman does not seem to be willing to
put himself in that position by declaring that
it was no greater crime than that of our fore-
fathers against the Government of Great Brit-
ain; but he asks the question, thereby evidently
intending to convey the idea that one was no
greater crime than the other.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see how that was.
We all know that in 1861, when rebellion burst
on this land, when the people of the South
were dragooned into it—because I am willing
to concede, and I have believed all the time,
that the masses of the southern people were
led into this unholy and wicked strife for the
overthrow of the Government by their lead-
ers—immediately before Sumter was fired upon
on the 14th of April, 1861, every department of
this Government was in the possession of [he
southern people or of the party which had been
the champion of their cause. Allthepromiuent
offices of the Government were held by men
from that section of the country. They had
every department in their possession. They
had enjoyed the patronage of the Government
from the time of its formation to the time they
rebelled to a greater extent than the people of
any other section of the country. Then, did
they have any right on that giound to under-
take to tear down the Government and buildup
in its stead a great slave empire where slavery
would be the rule and freedom the exception?
Well, what other rights of theirs were in-
vaded? The gentleman said their slave prop-
erty was in danger. If there was any agitation
which grew up in this country and which sought
to endanger their slave property, pray tell me
who began it? This question was understood
in the political history of the country to have
been settled entirely by what was called the
Missouri compromise. Who sought to violate
that compromise, and to drag slavery before
the nation once more? Who opened up that
controversy and sought to violate that compro-
mise in order that other Territories might be
brought into the Union as States, which, in the
language of another, " should be compelled to
submit to the hateful embraces of slavery?" It
was the party which had its seat and center in
the southern part of the United States. The
slavery question was practically settled by that
compromise line. It was taken from Congress,
and it was taken, as an agitating cause of
trouble, from before the country. Yet it was
reopened; legislation was commenced upon
it again and by this very party.
Well, it might be said that in consequence
of a party that was unfriendly to slavery elect-
ing a President of the United States that in-
stitution was rendered insecure. I want to
ask the question whether or not that President
did riot in every declaration that fell from his
lips pledge himself to protect slavery under the
laws of the country ? I want to ask the ques-
tion whether or not that President, after he was
installed in office, did not in one instance
return to slavery men who were seeking free-
dom? I want to ask the question whether or
not the position was not taken by that Pres-
ident in his inaugural message that this insti-
tution was to be as safe as it could be made
under the laws of this country ? I want to ask
the question whether or not the American Con-
gress did not pledge itself to protect slavery
in the States where it existed ? Then, what
42d Cong. 2dSess.—No. 19.
reason was there upon that ground for this re-
bellion? There was no reason anywhere for
it. There was no reason that can be given
that was a true one, except that which has been
given so many times before to the country—
the desire upon the part of a few men in the
southern States who sought to build up a slave
empire; men who hated freedom and who loved
bondage; men who desired a government where
aristocracy and caste should rule; men who,
when they found they could not control the
American Government to such an extent as
to subvert it from the design of its original
founders, sought to build up a government that
should have in it an element of aristocracy,
which should recognize the rights of the few,
and leave unrecognized and unprotected and
uncared for the rights of the many. That was
the reason of this rebellion.
The fact that the southern people, or most
of them, were made to believe thatslavery was
endangered, was only one of the means that
was resorted to by those men who sought to
" fire the southern heart" and to precipitate
the cotton States into rebellion. Then, what
becomes of the inquiry as to the relative crim-
inality of this rebellion againstthe Government
of the United States and that of our forefathers
against Great Britain?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I would like to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I remarked that
the offense of those who rebelled against the
Government of England was that they had
violated the laws of the land, and that the
people of the South had done nothing more,
and that both were guilty of treason, aud that
those who rebelle'd against this Government,
so far as crime was concerned, could not be
any more guilty than our forefathers were. If
the gentleman can make a distinction or a
difference there I would like him to do it.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I can see very
little distinction between the position assumed
by the gentleman in the first instance and
that assumed by him now. There is a differ-
ence, however, between the cases he has men-
tioned. Everybody recognizes, the world over,
that there is an inherent right existing m
mankind to overturn established order aa a
dernier ressort for the protection of human
life and human liberty and human property.
But in this case we had a Government that
guarantied, theoretically and practically, pro-
tection to all these elements of human happi-
ness ; in the other case we had a Govern-
ment. that sought to degrade aud debase life
and liberty on this continent. In one ease we
had a Government, controlled by the very men
who lifted the wicked and impious hand of
treason against the flag of our country; in
the other ease we had a people whose inter-
ests were controlled three thousand miles
across the briny deep. In one case we had a
people secured and protected in every right
that they were entitled to under any system of
government; in the other case we had men
who were entitled to rights that were not pro-
tected by the Government. The simple differ-
ence and the simple distinction between the
two cases is that our forefathers had a just
cause to throw off the yoke of English tyranny,
aud those who rebelled against the Govern-
ment of the United States did it without a
shade of a shadow of a cause. Our foreiathors
struckfor God and liberty ; those who rebelled
against our Government struck for despotism
and slavery.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In your opinion.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Well, does
the gentleman think that they had a cause?^
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Iam not passing
judgment upon that. My argument is drawn
from the conscience of those who were engaged
in the rebellion. I did not involve myself in
it, for it is known that I have been anti-slavery
for years, but I was treating it from the stand-
point of those who were engaged in the rebel-
lion, who had held the institution for a century
or more, and I say that that people, so long as
they believed thatslavery was right, could have
no conscientious scruples, or believe they were
guilty ot'crime.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. That does not
answer my question. After I had assumed a
position here, my colleague said, "That is so,
in your opinion." Well, that is so, in my
opinion, and I hope to Heaven that it wili
always remain so. Now, I want the gentleman
to be equally fair with me, and to give the
House his opinion as to whether he thought
it right or wrong.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Slavery right?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. The rebellion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The rebellion ;
no, sir. I never believed it was right.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. That answers
my question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Bnt then I am
not the judge of their conduct. They are to
be held responsible for their own conscientious
views on that subject, and not mine. And so
it was with our mother country, England.
She regarded our forefathers in the same light
that you to-day regard the rebels in the South.
They looked on them as traitors, as rebelling
against one of the best Governments on earth.
They used the same arguments that you use
to-day.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. The gentle-
man auswers my question at last, and says he
does not believe the rebellion was right. I am
very sorry to see my colleague put himself in
the position of becoming an apologist in this
House for that which he believes was wrong.
There is a distinctive difference between right
and wrong, and whenever a gentlemau is sat-
isfied that a matter is wrong he ought never
to justify it or to become its apologist.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man say in what sense I am the apologist of
the rebellion?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I have been
very indulgent to my colleague.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will not make statements unless he gives
me the opportunity of asking questions by way
of explanation, at least.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I will answer
the gentleman by quoting on him the remark-
able speech that just fell from his lips, and if
that was not an apology and not an effort upon
his part to justify this crime against the Gov-
ernment then I fail to understand the meaning
of the English language. Why, even our col-
leagues upon this floor, the honorable gentle-
men who have been admitted here, who were
disfranchised under the laws of the country,
and who are now entitled to sit here with us,
and who are our peers here, are not found jus-
tifying this rebellion by any means. They are
nat doing it. No man upon this floor does it,
except as it has been done by the gentleman
here to-day. And the time has come, I think,
in this country, if we dpsire peace and harmony
and prosperity throughout the whole extent of
this broad domain, when gentlemen should not
only cease to justify the rebellion, but should
commence to denounce it as a crime, and not
only as a crime of ordinary extent, but one
that was extremely wicked, one that caused
the destruction of hundreds of thousands of
the bravest and best men in the land, one that
destroyed millions of property, one that still
leaves its scars upon the institutions of this
country, one that came nigh tearing from
beneath this noble governmental fabric of
ours the very foundations upon which it rests.
And I want to say here that as the gentle-
man has become suspicious of the Republican
party, the party he has been acting with in
the past, the party he claims that he fought on
the side of during the ivar, I want to say here
-that so far as that party is concerned, although
