2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
county, praying the repeal of the duties on tea,
coffee, and such other articles as cannot be
produced in the United States, and remon-
strating against any change in the duties on
articles successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. SWANN : The petition of Mrs.
Laura C. Nicholson, of Baltimore, widow of
the late Commodore Joseph James Nicholson,
praying the restoration of a reduced pension.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York: The
petition of merchants and letter of G. N.
Elder, vice president of Old Dominion Steam-
ship Company, relative to the replacement of
the wreck of the Scotland light-ship.
Also, the petition of Henry A. Bowman, for
arrears of pension.
By Mr. WHITTHORNB: The memorial
of William J. Ramage and others, of Knox-
ville, Tennessee, for removal of duty on type.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of J.
Wilder and others, of Rupert, Vermont, pray-
ing for the passage ofHouse bill No. 1738.
post route bill introduced.
The following was introduced under the rule,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. ADAMS: A bill to establish a post
road from Whitesburg, Kentucky, via Trouble-
some, to Prestonburg, Kentucky.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 2, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. PRATT. I rise for the purpose of ask-
ing that the reading of the Journal he dispensed
with, in order to enable me to call up the bill
to which I drew the attention of the Senate
yesterday, which I wish to discuss before its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I give notice to the
Senate that hereafter I shall object every morn-
ing to this mode of doing business, for the
reason that very important bills are passed
during the morniDg hour, in which the whole
nation has a common interest, without proper
and due consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina objects, and the reading of the
Journal will be resumed.
Mr. ROBERTSON subsequently said : I
did not know that the Senator from Indiana
wished merely to make a speech. I object to
passing important bills in the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana now asks that the bill alluded to
by him yesterday may be considered as taken
up, subject to the ordinary morning business.
Mr. COLE. I thiuk we had better go through
with the morning business first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business will commence with the call of peti-
tions.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
citizens of the United States, asking for a con-
stitutional amendment excluding from Federal
office all persons addicted to the use of intoxi-
cating liquors as a beverage ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
citizens of Ohio, remonstrating against a re-
duction of the duties on wool and woolens;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in manufacturing establishments, citizens of
Newburg, Ohio, remonstrating against any
change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country, and for a
repeal of all duties upon tea and coffee ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Morrow county, Ohio, asking that such dis-
criminating duties be levied on all imported
manufactures as will render substantial pro-
tection to American labor ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a mem-orial of
the heirs of Gibbs & Channing, deceased,
late merchants of Newport, Rhode Island,
praying indemnity for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1800 ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CALDWELL presented resolutions of
the Leavenworth Law Library Association,
urging the holding of terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the
district of Kansas, at the city of Leavenworth ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. LEWIS. I have received a memorial
from citizens of Virginia. I have riot had
time to examine it or really to look over it
carefully. I do not know what to do with
it or to what committee to ask that it be
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the sub-
ject?
Mr. LEWIS. A memorial 
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rule a
brief statement must bo made.
Mr. LEWIS. It is something about the
Iiu Klux bill, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
presents it, it will be referred to the select
Committee on Alleged Outrages in the South-
ern States. It is so referred.
Mr. LEWIS presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of Virginia, praying for the
establishment of a clerk's office of the United
States circuit and district courts at Alexandria,
in that State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE. I present a resolution of the
Legislature of California, appealing to Con-
gress to pass a law increasing the service of
the China mail line, and instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives from
that State to use their best endeavors to secure
the passage of such a law for the reasons set
forth in the resolution. I move that it be
printed and laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
received by telegraph the same resolution, and
would suggest that the telegraphic copy be
primed in the Globe, and that when the docu-
ment arrives officially it be printed in the regu-
lar form by the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
The resolution is as follows :
Capitol, Sacramesto, California,
April.!, 1872.
To Senators Cole and Cassf.uly, Washington;
Whereas an application is now pending before the
Congress of the United States for an increase of the
ocean mail steamship service between 3a it Francisco
and Japan and China from a monthly to a fort-
nightly service of 61,000,000 in support thereof; and
whereas we, the Legislature of the State ot Califor-
nia, are desirous of promoting the commercial pros-
perity of our State, the increase of our traffic with
the opulent and overflowing markets of Asia, and
the subsequent enlargement and emichmeut of our
national commerce: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concur-
ring,) That we do hereby earnestly solicit the Con-
gress of the United States to grant said proposed
increase of said ocean mail steamship service and
said annual subsidy of $1,000,000 in aid thereof: and
wc do hereby instruct our Senators and request our
Representatives in the Congress of the United States
to use their best endeavors to procure the imme-
diate passage of Federal statutes cftectuating these
objeots' . J.T. FAIItLEY,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
J. B. SHANNON,
Speaker of the Assembly,
Attest: MILROY DRURY,
Secretary of Scale,
Indorsed :
Concurrent resolution No. 9 passed the Senate
April 1,1872.
ROBERT FERRALL,
Secretary of the Senate,
Passed the Assembly April 1, 1872.
GEORGE W.DIXON,
Assistant Clerk of the Assembly,
The paper was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING- presented a petition of
citizens of New York, late soldiers of the
Army of the United States, praying Congress
to pass an act giving to all soldiers, sailors,
and marines who enlisted in the service of the
United States $8 B3J per month for the entire
time served, deducting all Government bounty
heretofore paid ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Lucas
Hager and others, late members of the thirty-
third New York volunteers, and other two-
year regiments, asking Congress to give them
a bounty commensurate with their term of
service ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALCORN. I present the petition of
Cornelius Byrd, of Franklin county, Missis-
sippi, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities. I have had a great number of these
petitions sent to me, but I have withheld them,
and have not thus far presented them, for the
reason that I felt that it was manifestly proper
to pass a general amnesty bill, and believing'
that the judgment of Congress would be in
that direction, I have not presented any peti-
tions of this character up to this time; but
others have, and lest my constituents should
hold that I am indifferent to their appeals, I
now present this petition, and I also ask leave
to present informally and have referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities all petitions of a like character
that have been sent to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi presents a petition to be
referred to the Committee on Disabilities. He
states that he has quite a number of similar
petitions not at this moment with him in the
Senate Chamber, which he desires also to
have referred to the committee. If there be
no objection, the Senator will be allowed t 
do this, and he will furnish the Secretary the
names of the parties whose petitions he pre-
sents in this manner.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN presented the
memorial of William H. Sloan, in behalf of
his wife, heir, and for the coheirs of Thomas
Canty, late of Philadelphia, deceased, praying
indemnity for -spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route between Hillian's Store
and Collinsville, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented the petitions of L. B.
Parker, Albert McNeil, and Thomas W. Sad-
ler, of Autauga county, Alabama ; of Newton
L. Whitfield, of Tuscaloosa county, Alabama;
and of E. A. Powell, of Tuscaloosa county,
Alabama, praying the removal of their politi-
cal disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of the
convention to frame a constitution for the
admission of Utah into the Union, with the
constitution of the State of Deseret, as adopted
in convention and ratified by the people;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
reports op committees.
^ Mr. PATTERSON". The Committee on
Foreign Relations have had under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 1194) directing the
proper officers in the Treasury Department to
credit John Seys, of Ohio, the sum therein
mentioned, and have instructed me to lepoit
favorably thereon. If there is no objection,
as it is only a few lines, I should like to hai e
it acted on now.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to any bills
being passed in the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
