238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJ2.
[April 15,
Senate.
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
argument of my friend from Wisconsin be
true, not one of these men liad any title to
the office; on the contrary, the minority men
were entitled to the offices, and Congress, in
violation of the rights of the minority men,
and in usurpation of a power that does not
belong to it, and in flagrant violation of the
Constitution of the country, has put men in
office who had nc right or title whatever.
Mr. President, one would think this ought
to be quite conclusive, and so it would seem,
but it does not stand on this alone. Let us
go to some particular cases. - How was it in
North Carolina on this subject? I cannot
do better than refer you to the report of
the committee in this case, at page 11. I
ask the Clerk to read what I send to the
desk from the report of the committee or the
evidence accompanying that report. See how
Congress put those men in office, every one
of whom was elected before his disabilities
were removed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" On the 20rh of April, 1868. an election took place
in North Carolinafor all the State officers, Governor,
Lieutenant Governor, secretary of Sute, treasurer,
judged of the supreme court, judges of the superior
courts, the probate judges, members of the Legisla-
ture, and all county officers, sheriffs &e.
" On the 25th of June, 186S, two months after this
election, Congress removed the political disabilities
of most of these officers, nearly all of whom were
under disability when elected.
" Governor W. W. Holden, and Mr. Thomas Ashe,
and Mr. I). R. Goodioewere the candidates for Gov-
ernor; Holden, Republican, Ashe, Democrat, and
Goodloe, Republican. Goodloe was eligible, and
he received only three hundred out of one hundred
and seventy thousand votes. The fact that he
(Goodloe) only was eligible, and the others not, was
fully discussed in the papers and canvass.
" On the 25th of June, as aforesaid, Todd R. Cald-
well. Lieutenant Governor, was also relieved.
" And so were Richmond Pearson, chief justice;
Robert P; Dick, associate justice; Thomas Settle,
associate justice ; Edwin G. Read, associate justice
supreme court. And so with manv of the judges of
the superior eourts; Daniel L. Russell, Anderson
Mitchell, C. R. Thomas, (now member of Congress,)
Judge Logan, &e.
"The superintendent of public works, C. L. Har-
ris; W. L. Adams, auditor of public accounts;
Joseph W. Holden, speaker of the house of repre-
sentatives, and nearly every white member of the
Legislature of 1868. which actually elected Mr.
Abbott to the Senate when he was admitted ; and,
as before said, nearly if not all of the county officers
in the State—all, all had their disabilities removed
after the election.
"And in this same act of June 25, 1868, it is
declared, in section two, page 581, (Congressional
Globe, part 5, second session Fortieth Congress,)
* * * « ■* 'And also all of&cers-elect at
the election commenced the 4th of February, 1868,
in said Stateof Alabama, and who havenotpublicly
declined to accept the offices to which they were
elected.'^
" This is the concluding sentence after the enumer-
ation of a long list of persons in Alabama."
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President,
let us turn to the act of June 2-5, 1868, the
first general bill removing disabilities, and we
find that that act which removed the disabilities
of a large number of persons, those just men-
tioned in the State of North Carolina, a large
number in Georgia, some in other States, also
removed the disabilities of a large number of
people by name in the State of Alabama, and
then after removing their disabilities the sec-
tion closes as follows:
"And also all ofiicers-elect at the election com-
menced the4thday of February, 1868, insaidStateof
Alabama, and who have not publicly declined to
accept the offices to which they were elected."
What reason in the world can be given for
that removal of disabilities from all the officers
elected in the State of Alabama, except that
it was to enable them to hold their offices?
Yet, according to the argument of my friend
from Wisconsin, not one of them had the least
shadow of right to his office. The minority
men were elected, according to the argument
in favor of Abbott, and these men whose dis-
abilities are removed, without even naming
them at all, without their names being known
to Congress, had this removal for no other
reasou iu vhe world than that they jjiight be
allowed to hold the offices to which they were
elected. Could you have a more clear and
distinct declaration by both branches of Con-
gress that the disqualification is not a disquali-
fication to be elected, but only a disqualifica-
tion to hold the office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What construc-
tion does the Senator put oa the act of the
31st of May, 1870? .
Mr. THURMAN. That is not at all diffi-
cult to understand. I am quite familiar with
that statute. I made a speech against it, and
tried to prevent its enactment. It does not
make it a penal offense to be a candidate to
be elected; but it makes it a penal offense to
take the office or attempt to take it; that is all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
Senator's argument was that Congress con-
templated that people could take and hold
office notwithstanding the disability.
Mr. THURMAN. Congress contemplated
that they might be legally elected, but not that
they could legally hold the offices before their
disabilities were removed. But some persons
did so illegally hold them, as was said, and
hence the act of 1870?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This election
was subsequent to 1870.
Mr. THURMAN. That makes no difference.
That act does not prevent disqualified people
from being elected; but if they are elected
and undertake to hold the office without first
getting' their, disabilities removed, then that
act applies, to punish them, not for being
elected, but for holding the office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not wish
to draw any inference on the subject, but to
call the Senator's attention to the act to learn
whether the election of persons under dis-
ability was not prohibited by that act.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no such prohi-
bition. There is nothing in the act that is
inconsistent with my argument. It does not
say you shall be punished if you are a candi-
date for office. We have removed disabilities
from men since that act was passed, again and
again, who were elected before their disabili-
ties were removed. We have done that again
and again. Butwhattheactsaystoeverybodyis
this; "If you see fit to be elected or appointed
to office, and then undertake to hold that office
before you get your disabilities removed, you
shall be punished." This is not at all incon-
sistent with the argument I am making as to
the interpretation of the Constitution.
Only last week we passed, as I hear it said on
my left, an act removing the disabilities of a
judge in Georgia who had been elected before
his disabilities were removed. We removed his
disabilities that he might hold the office. But I
want to call attention more particularly to the
language of this section in the aot which I have
read:
"And also all officers-elect, at the election com-
menced the 4th day of February. 1868. in said State
of Alabama, and who haye not publicly declined to
accept the offices to which they were elected."
That is the language. Here is a case in
which Congress says expressly that these per-
sons, though under the disabilities of the
fourteenth amendment, were elected to those
offices. But now the argument in favor of
Abbott is that they were not elected at all,
and that the minority candidates were. Could
there be anything more unreasonable than
that argument, when Congress has declared
positively that men under the disability by the
hundred, nay, by the thousand, if you look at
that bill, were elected although under dis-
qualification, and their offices were given to
them by removing their disabilities ? By what
shadow of reason can it be said that they were
not elected, but that the minority men were?
But, sir, I want now to show some special
cases in which the attention of Congress was
called to this subject, I ask the aueatioa of
the Senate to several cases, and first to the
case of Judge Moses, of South Carolina,
which came up December 8, 1808. I direct
the Senate to the yeas and nays on that bill
as showing how Congress understood the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution, and
what was the practice of Congress upon which
the General Assembly of North Carolina had
a right to rely. What was the case of Judge
Moses? I read from the Congressional Globe
of December, 1868, page 27;
" Mr. Robertson. If it be in order, I move to
take up tor consideration the bill (S. No. fioSj to re-
lieve from disabilities Franklin J. Moses, a citizen
of South Carolina.
"The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which proposes to remove all political dis-
abilities imposed on Franklin J. Moses, a citizen of
South Carolina, by reason of the third section of the
fourteenth article of the Constitution of the United
States.
"Mr. Edmunds. I objected to the consideration
of this bill the other day, because I was not advised
of the facts upon which it rested. I have since been
informed, from a source which entirely satisfies me,
that this gentleman is deserving of this clemency,
and that the loyal people of that State desire it
should be extended to him; and I have therefore
now no objection to the passage of the bill."
I read these remarks of the distinguished
Senator from Vermont simply to show that he
had made himself acquainted with the facts
of that case aud understood perfectly what ha
was about when he advocated the passage of
the bill. Then the facts of the case were
detailed by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Robertson,] who said: •
" Mr. Robertson. I desire that the bill should
pass "—
Why?
" for the following reasons : Judge Moses was a Sen-
ator in South Carolina for twenty-five consecutive
years before and during the war. At the end of the
war he was elected one of the circuit judges of the
State. His decisions were satisfactory to both par-
ties; so much so that upon the reassembling ot the
Legislature, after the passage of the reconstruction
act, he was elected by a large majority chief justice
of the State of South Carolina, and this by the
Union men of the State. That courtis in session at
this time; and I may say that the ends of justice in
the State of South Carolina are blocked in conse-
quence of the court not having the proper presiding
officer. X hope, therefore, that the Senate will eon-
sent to pass this bill at present without objection."
There the Senator stated fairly the facts that
Judge Moses had been elected chief justice of
that State while he was under these disabili-
ties, and that he could not take his seat until
they were removed, and he asked that they be
removed in order that he might take his seat.
What did the Senate do ? Mark it, the re-
moval of his disabilities was asked for the
express purpose of enabling him to take the
office as declared by the Senator from South
Carolina. What did the Senate do? I will
tell you what they did. It was then under-
stood that the yeas aud nays must be taken
on such bills. That was before we got iu the
way of passing them nern. con. The yeas and
nays were taken on this bill, and the vote on
removing Judge Moses's disabilities was—yeas
46, nays 6. By a vote of 46 to (i the Senate
removed the disabilities of Judge Moses in
order to enable him to take his seat as chief
justice of the State of South Carolina, a seat
to which he had been elected before his dis-
abilities were removed, thus recoguizing, in
the clearest way in the world, in the case of a
chief justice of a State, that the election was not
void; that the minority man was not elected,
but that Moses was legally elected, and that if
his disabilities were removed he would be en-
titled to take and hold the office. How were
the yeas and nays on that question ? Who were
they that voted "yea" aud thereby recognized
his right to the seat of chief justice of the State?
They were as follows :
" Yeas — Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conlcling, Conness, Corljett, Cvugin,
Drake, Edmunds. Ferry. lYssendcn, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, JJarlan, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, SI organ,
Morrill ot MojriJJ uf Vermont! Alorwu,
