1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
and that is about the view we take of this mat-
ter ; and, speaking as liberally as we can while
there is patriotism existing in the country,
while there is love of country in the breast of
man, I hope there will be a majority of the
people of the whole land who will hate any
attempt to subvert the Government, of our com-
mon country.
It is as well gentlemen should recognize the
fact that there are other things to be taken into
consideration besides emancipation from this
cloud which hangs over Jefferson Davis. There
are a few humble people in the southern States
whose rights are as sacred to th£ Republican
party as the rights of the most powerful in
the land, and I think we ought to be able to
guaranty protection for life, liberty, and prop-
erty to those people before we grant amnesty to
men who are still striving to fan the flames of
hatred, and to cause them to burn with more
intense heat against these people than ever
before.
I yield now for five minutes to my colleague,
[Mr. Burdett.]
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Speaker, I had no
purpose whatever of asking the attention of the
House to-day until accidentally I was a listener
to the speech of my colleague [Mr. Blair] who
addressed the House a short time ago. But
the propositions of that speech seemed to me
to be so unusual and its purport so extraor-
dinary, that I thought justice demanded of every
Representative of Missouri upon this floor that
it should be repudiated on behalf of the people
whom they represent.
Mr. Speaker, anew Daniel hascometo judg-
ment. We are informed here to-day in set
phrase, and as a legal proposition, thattreason
carries with it no moral turpitude. If I recol-
lect the teachings of the sages of the law, they
are that the essence of treason is perjury; that
its name means falsehood; that its derivation
is from a word which means treachery. And
if perjury and treachery carry with them no
turpitude, then I bid my colleague reconstruct
the mother tongue which we learned to lisp
together.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will my colleague
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BURDETT. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask him what
author, in giving a definition of treason, makes
perjury a part of it?
Mr. BURDKT11. I will refer my distin-
guished colleague to almost any text-book
which is held in respect among the lawyers of
the land.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Name one.
Mr. BURDETT. My colleague is persist-
ent for a name. He does not seem to question
the theory, now that he is reminded of it; and
in reply to his demand for a name, I think I
may refer him, with some confidence, to that
ancient sage called Blaekstone. I have not
read his pages for many a year, but I think I
am not mistaken ii stating that one of the
assertions he makes as a teacher is thattreason
has its essence in perjury. And, although the
days have long gone past since I conned his
pages over, I seem to recollect that he gives
this instance, or rather this illustration of it:
that all who are admitted into the citizenship
of a nation are required to make oath of alle-
giance ; that treason is a violation of that oath,
and that every native-born citizen is born with
the obligation of an oath o/ fealty restingupon
him, and that that obligation continues from
his birth to his grave. If he did not say that,
he ought to have said it, for that is the phi-
losophy of the law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will my colleague
again permit, me to ask him a question?
Mr. BDRDETT. Certainly.
Mr. 'BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to ask
my colleague whether or not perjury is taken
into account in the Constitution of our coun-
try in the definition of treason?
Mr. BURDETT. I do not know how my
friend reads the Constitution of my country;
but I read it in the light of the common law,
the common teacher of us all, and reading it
in that light, I have no difficulty in finding
perjury in treason to our Constitution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my con-
stituents, I have also risen to protest against
the ignominy and the shame of attempting upon
this floor to gild the treason of 1861 by any
reference to the great names and the great
fame and the great patriotism of 1776. I
will cast no such shadow over the glories of
the past. And on behalf of another class of
our common constituency, who read the book
from which my colleague so flippantly quoted,
I will say that the Christian men and women
of Missouri have learned the newer and the
better way. They find within its goodly
pages that justice and humanity and love are
God's law; and they repudiate the barkings
of those false dogs of the pulpit, who, before
the war, and that they might serve a cause,
did wrest the Scriptures to make God the
chief of the taskmasters. On behalf of the
Christian people of Missouri, I say they will
have none of that doctrine at this late day.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will my col-
league permit me to ask him another ques-
tion ? I want to know if he places himself on
the platform of Wendell Phillips, for an anti-
slavery Bible and an anti-slavery God?
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Speaker, the plat-
form of the Scriptures is wide enough for me,
as it is wide enough for my colleague. Mr.
Wendell Phillips shall make his own com-
mentaries. But I will say to my colleague
that if he could but once instruct the world
into the belief that God was the taskmaster
of his people, there would be many more
Wendell Phillipses than there are.
The exigencies of a pretentious liberalism
may seem to my colleague to call for that pro-
bationary warmth of confession which has led
him not only to palliate the wrongs and to
gild the purposes of the rebellion, but to
sanctify by appeal to Holy Writtlie institution
of American slavery which he himself parades
as the sacred thing for which blood was shed ;
but I may assure him that adecentself-respect
will for all time justify the withholding of am-
nesty if by its gift we are to be compelled to
assent to the grounds upon which he argues its
propriety, for if my ear has not deceived me
the summary of his position is that the moving
cause of the rebellion was defense of a Heaven-
born institution, its conduct without the taint
of moral wrong, and its actors entitled to that
civic deification which in the forum of the
world's conscience has, with one consent, been
accorded to the patriots of the Revolution. By
what effort of restraint upon utterance iny col-
league refrained from giving tongue to the
necessary corrolary of this position, and de-
manding ample apology for unlawful obstruc-
tion of virtuous purpose as well as the form
of amnesty, is past all comprehension.
But, Mr. Speaker, I did notrise to debate tlie
question of amnesty. I desired only at the mo-
ment ofthese utterances to perform the perhaps
unnecessary task of assuring the House and
the country that we of Missouri are more than
content to permit the rebellion and its mem-
ories an undisturbed repose, and that my col-
league will there be permitted to pursue alone
the task of its attempted deification.
Mr. BIRD. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at two o'clock and thirty-six minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned until twelve o'clock noon
of Monday. January 8, 1872.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com
mittee:
By Mr. WHITTHORNE: The petition of J.
W. Curry, mail contractor, for pay due him for
services performed in 1861.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 8, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
The Journal of the proceedingsof Thursday,
December 21. 1871. was read and approved.
The VICfi PRESIDENT resumed the
chair.
personal explanation.
Mr. SCHUKZ. Mr. President, I rise to a
personal statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri asks the consent of the Senate to make
a personal statement. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none. The Senator will proceed.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, this is the
first opportuni'y I have had to take notice of
a series of statements concerning myself, made
some time during the Christmas vacation, in
the New York Times newspaper, and reprinted
in many other journals of the United States,
upon which I desire to make a few remarks.
Before doing so, I ask the Secretary to read
the article which I now send to him.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
New York Times of December 28, 1871:
" Senator Schurz.—We have already called atten-
tion to otio curious feature in the opposition now
arrayed against the Administration. It is that
while the leaders of the opposition demand the great-
est lieense for themselves and oxeroise the right of
aspersing character to any extent, they howl with
rage when their own conduct is passed under review.
They must be sacred from criticism. The moment
you speak of them they turn round with an aggrieved
air and say, 'Arc Ave to be abused because wo con-
demn the Administration ?' They are always acting
the parts of injured innocents. They stick them-
selves on a pedestal, and claim the privilege of flinsr-
ingmud at anybody who happens to offend them;
but you inustnoteven east a disiespcetful glance at
them in return. Senator Schurz, tor instance, has
not hesitated to invent tho most, outrageous calum-
nies agamst President Grant. He has accused him,
by mean insinuation, of keeping up tho general
order system of Now York for his own profit. He
has insulted tho peoplo by intimating that tho Presi-
dent, is shamefully corrupt. What light has a man
who doalsin sfnndersof this kindtoclaim immunity
from criticism? Who is ho that ho should bo pro-
tected from those comments which his reckless career
naturally provokes ?
"Wo believe that Senator Sciiurz has no claim
whatever to public confidence or public respect.
Let us go briefly over the chief incidents of his life,
and sec if he will stand the test which he invites.
He came to America an involuntary emigrant from
his native Uermnny m 1852. Ho was naturalized as
a citizen in 1857, at the ago of twenty seven. Two
years later he was a candidate before the Repub-
lican co n veil tionol "Wisconsin for Governor, but fa i fed
of a nomination, and was tendeicd tlio nomination
of Lieutenant Governor. This offer, highly compli-
mentary to one so young in years and citizenship,
he spurned contemptuously, and refused to support
the ticket nominated by the convention. In the
presidential campaign of 1S60, having already ac-
quired some reputation as a stump orator, he entered
into a con tract with tho national Republican commit-
tee to canvass the country wherever he might be cent,
at a stipulated price, perhaps $2oO per week and his
expenses. Undcrtliatcontracthe wasassigned toduty
in some of the western States. When be reaelied his
field of labor, however, ha struck for higher wages,
and refused to make any speeches unless he was paid
an additional sum for each speech by the loc.il com-
mittees. Further sums were paid him by such com-
mittees, varying from fifty to one hunfired dollars
for each speech. In this manner ho realized a very
handsome sum from his labors in the canvass.
"But he did not deem himself fully paid, for on
Mr. Lincoln's inauguration he came at once to Wash-
ington and demanded additional compensation in
the position of minister to some foreign court. By
his persistent efforts he suceeedcd in procuring the
appointment of minister to Spain, where lie remained
but little more than a year. He constantly repre-
sented to Mr. Lincoln that he had supreme control
of the German vote of tho country, and any refusal
to comply with his demands would be piomptly re-
sented by that clnss of voters.
"In 1862 Mr. Schurz resigned the Spanish mission
and returned to Washington, where ho again ap-
plied to Mr. Lincoln, thi.J time for a major general's
commission in the army. This Mr. Lincoln declined,
bccausc of the number of inea then m service who
had earned promotion in the field. He then gave
Mr. Lincoln to understand, in tho most emphatic,
manner, that if he were not given at least a briga-
dier general's commission, with a major general's
command, then he would at once 'withdraw bis two
hundred thousand Germans, and oppose the Admin-
istration.'
" Mr. Lincoln, harassed as he was atthat time
with tho cares of his office and tho nation's great
troubles, gave way to Scjiukz's persistent pressure
and threats, gave him a brigadier's commission, ana
he was sent to the Shenandoah valley about the
