292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
cYosq of General Fremont's campaign against Jack-
son, in June, 1862. Whatever may have been
the tenor of the instructions relative to General
Schurz's command, it is nevertheless true that the
corps was at once organized, veteran officers were
displaced, and he was immediately placed in com-
mand of a division. He continued in the army,
participating in the battlea of Bull Run, Chancel-
lorsville, and Gettysburg, without manifesting any
striking evidence:? of military genius. Of this,
however, we do not now propose to speak, for it is
already a part of our niiikary history. At the close
of the war. instead of being at once mustered out,
as other officers of far superior ability and more
efficient serviee were, he again made use of his
alleged influence with the German element to con-
tinue in commission for a considerable time after
there was any use for him.
" In 1866 Schurz went to Detroit as the editor of
the Post, where, however, he by no means favorably
distinguished himself. His next move was to Mis-
souri, which, he imagined, offered a most promising
field for his versatile talent. There h« assumed the
leadership of the extreme Radicals.himself a Radical
of the most proscriptive type. Mr. Henderson, a true
Republican, and a man of many sterling qualities,
was representing Missouri in the Senate, and Schurz
at once determined to succeed him. To accomplish
this, it was necessary to defame Mr. Henderson be-
fore the people of Missouri, and destroy their con-
fidence in him. For this task General Schubz was
peculiarly fitted, and he succeeded thoroughly in the
enterprise. Henderson was denounced as too liberal
toward the rebel citizens, which at that time was
enough to condemn him before his constituents.
Henderson withdrew from theeunvass, and the con-
tent was between General Schubz and jlr. Loan, and
each strove to 'out-radical' the other, in which
strife Schubz won, and was elected as the represent-
ative of the fiercest. Radicalism of the State.
° Secure in his sear, he at once began to court the
more liberal element in the State, and succeeded so
far as to bring about the election of General Blaib to
the Senate, and to effeet a thorough demoralization
of the party in the State.
"In 1S68 General Schukz was a delegate to the
Chicago convention, andwentthere with revolution-
ary intent. He was considerably mollified by being
chosen as temporary chairman of the convention,
the duties of which he managed to discharge in an
apparently satisfactory manner, by the aid of two
prompters well versed in parliamentary rules and
the usages of conventions.
"General Scsuuzhas much to say about the re-
form of the civil service, thecharacter of the Presi-
dent's appointments, nepotism, &c. Let ns see what
his own conduct has been toward further corrupting
that service.
"In the early days of the President's term Mr.
ScHURzwasoneof the most persistent bores in Wash-
ington for appointments in the civil serviee. Xorwas
he at all careful as to the character and qualification
of tho men whom he pressed lor appointment. In
one notable cas.e he advocated the cause of a citi-
len of Missouri, who had neither social nor political
standing, for a foreign mission. He mnde frequent
visits to the Executive Mansion, and through much
importunity he was finally successful. The name
was sent to the Senate, where Schurz had a free field
to button-hole his colleagues in favor of the con-
firmation of his friend. Tn the course of the struggle
pending the confirmation all the disgraceful instru-
mentality of Schcez in favor of the appointment
and "confirmation wa.- fully revealed by the chairman
of the Commi tteeon Foreign Relations—His offensive
and long-continued boring of the President for the
appointment. His labors with individual Senators,
and the utter unfitness of the man for the place.
"Seldom or ever before was so persistent an effort
made by a Senator to foist upon the country a man
totally unfit to discharge the dutie; of a great posi-
tion. General Schubz might ornament one of his
eloquent lectures on civil service reform in a most
entertaining manner by giving a detailed hibtory
of the case we have referred to. and by telling bis
audience the consideration which prompted him to
press an unfit appointment so strongly in opposition
to the will of his people, and to the neglect of tne
more deserving friend? in his State, to whom he was
directly indebted for his election. One instance, to
illustrate his practice with regard to the appoint-
ment of relatives to office, and we will have done
with the subject for the present. General Schcrz
pressed upon the President the appointment of his
brother-in-law. Mr. Jus?eo, as collector of the Chi-
cago district, thy most remunerative office in the
revenue service; and he was appointed, and enjoyed
the emoluments of the office lor about two years.
He was appointed simply because General Schcrz
asked it, and Schurz asked it simply because Jussen
was his bror.her-m-law.
''We have said enough to convince any one of
General Schurz's fitness to appear in the field as a
champion of civil service reform. In politics lie
belongs to the extreme revolutionary type of some
European societies. He now seeks to destroy an
Administration which he has sought in vain to
corrupt,'*
Mr. SCHTjRZ. Mr. President, I desiruto
make a few remarks upon this article, in the
first place because the paper which published it
is reputed to be the special metropolitan organ
of the national Administration,and in the sec-
ond place because this attempt forms part of a
&ysteruar.ic warfare which has been carried on
for some time on some members of this body,
the paper having recently announced that h is
going to continue its attacks. I shall go over
these charges one by one and exhibit them in
their true light.
First, it is asserted that in 1859 I was nom-
inated for Lieutenant Governor in Wisconsin,
spurned the nomination contemptuoitsly, and
refused to support the ticket nominated by the
convention. That I declined the nomin&tionis
true, although certainly witboutcontempt; but
the other charge is a falsehood. I riot only
did not refuse to support the ticket nominated
by the Republican convention, bu-t, after hav-
ing rendered some aid in a campaign in Min-
nesota which elevated ray friend from that
State [Mr. Ramsey] to the Governorship in
1859, I returned to Wisconsin and spent three
weeks in canvassing the State for the then
nominee for G-overnor, the late Postmaster
General, Governor Randall, having several
joint debates with the Democratic candidate
for the Governorship.
And I wish to say, in connection with tbi3.
that another slander, scattered abroad by the
New York Times and several other papers,
that I had actively used my influence against
the election of Mr. Washburn, the Republican
candidate for Governor in Wisconsin last fall,
and in promotion of the interests of his oppo-
nent. Mr. Doolittle, is equally false in every
sense.
The second charge is that in the national cam-
paign of 1860 I refused to make any speeches
unless I was paid $250 a week, and then an
additional sum by the local committees varying
from fifty to a hundred dollars for each soeech.
This is a falsehood again. 1 commenced can-
vassing the United States in that campaign on
the 1st of July, having already made several
speeches previously, and continued till the day
of election, the 6th of November, with the ex-
ception of about ten days, when I was utterly
broken down by fatigue and had to take some
rest. I spoke in the States of Wiscons-n. Illi-
nois, Missouri. Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania.
New York. New Jersey, and Connecticut,
traveled a great many thousands of nines, and
made, if I remember correctly, between one
hundred and sixty and one hundred and seventy
speeches: and when I had returned home from
tnose labors I found that all the compensation
I had received from committees fell guite per-
ceptibly short of my actual expenses, railroad :
fare and those incidental outlays connected ;
with traveling of that nature.
Moreover, having given myself entirely up
to the labors of the campaign, completely neg-
lecting my private aSairs, I found myself
surrounded by disagreeable embarrassments,
which resulted finally in painful sacrifices, and
if I had received only one fifth part, of what
th° Time* charges me with, I should have
overcome those embarrassments easily. I do :
not hesitateto say, however—and I refer to this ■
because mention has been made of this subject I
in debate in the Senate—that, as a prudent j
man, I ought to have done something like that ■
which the Times charged upon me, although, ,
of course, in a more moderate degree; for I i
believe that gentlemen may be expected to go
our at 'iiea- own expense, and make a speech
now and then in promotion of apolitical cause: i
but when they tire called upon to go from cam- :
paign into campaign year alter year, for sev- ;
era! mon'hs at a time, utterly neglecting their j
private affairs, givng themselves wholly up to !
the work, unless they are entirely independent ;
in fortune they cannot afford to do so without |
reimbursement and compensation. I will say !
further, that in a few subsequent campaigns, I
when list? of appointments covering weeks and '
months were sent to me. 1 did to some extent i
protect mjseit" m that respect, in a moderate i
way. however, while id other campaigns 1 neg- ;
leered, even after my previous experiences, to |
look after my private interests. ;
Moved hy curiosity, alter having read the
Times's article. I undertook lo figure up how '
much time I had spent in public speaking for |
the Republican cause tinee and I found
it to be from seventy to 'X-venty-two w ,-eifs. or
about a year and live months ; and adumg up
also all that i received from cuuini ttees diir
ing that whole time, 1 find tha' it amounts
in the aggregate to less than a popular lec-
turer will earn in three weeks
I mention this subji-c" merely although it ia
a very humiliating one. beciuse it shows the
meanness of the warfare which is earned on
against certain members of this body. It isbu
miliating, I say, to make such a statement: but
it is still more humiliutn-g that a paper, the
organof an administration which stands at th«*
head of a party thut ha*- been b'i'lt up in it"
power gradually and laboriously by just such
labors as those is) which 1. with n.any others,
was engaged, should make such explanations
necessary
The third charge is. that when I returned
from the Spanish mission I asked from Mr.
Lincoln a major general'" eoinmisMon in the
Army atid threatened him if he would not give
it. This i« a falsehood again. 1 did not ask
of hitn a msjor general's commission when I
resigned the Spanish mission, but he offered
me a brigadier's commission. The assertion
which I fir.d in this article, in quotation marks,
that I threatened I would at once " withdraw
my two hundred thousand Germans and oppose
the Administration," is so supremely ridicu-
lous. it is so childish atl absurdity, that I do
not think it requires any serious com menu
The next charge is. that, going to Missouri, I
assumed at once the leadership of the extreme
Radicals, myself a Radical ot the raos1 pro-
scriptive type. This is a fal-el.',od ajrvin. for
it is well known that iti the national com en-"
tton of 1868 I had the honor to inroOuce the
resolution in favor of a general amnesty.
The next charge is. that'I took it upon my-
self to defame Mr, Henderson before the peo-
ple of Missouri, and to destroy their continence
in him so that 1 might be elected to the Sen-
ate. This is a falsehood again, and it is well
known that Mr. Henderson's defeat at that
time was owing to his attitude in the impeach-
ment trial, as the public mind then stood.
The next charge is, that in 18C8 I was a dele-
gate to the Chicago convention "and went
there with revolutionary intent."' What that
means I do not know exactly; but one thing
I do know: that for my action in that conven-
tion 1 was highly praised by the New York
Times.
The next charge is. that in the early days of
flffe President's term I was "one of the most
persistent bores in Washington for appoint-
ments in the civil service " If that were true,
then the President must have haJ u particular
liking for being bored, for I remember very
well a time during the eariy days of the Admin-
istration when I met him otit.-ide of the White
House and he atked me vpiv kimbv why I did
not come to visit, him raoi" frequently.
It is further stated that ui one notable case
1 advocated the cause of   citizen of Missouri
fur a prominent position who was entirely
incompetent and until to discharge the duties
of a great position. I suppose tins re'ers to
the case of General Pile. who. having been
a member of ('oagre-s, was fi:s> pn- eired
for the post office a; St. Lou;-, men for the
pension agency  t St. Loui-. by the <iele e<-
tionfrom Missouri, then n ■ni.r.u'e't for ttie mis-
sion to Venezuela, and then nmiamui.d tor the
mission to Brazil, when the Senate declined
to confirm his appointment. I oid, to a Cer
tain extent, support Mr. Pile for some of thec«
nominations. 1 did it with the detestation
from the State of Missoun wish tin- exception
of one or two members *, I thick only ime.
Being a young Senator, I had indulged soillf -
what in the idea thai it was to sumo extent
proper to take care of constitue: t>. \\ hen
the Times says that this is one of the ca.^es
which in my " eloquent lectures on civil
service reform"' f might, mention, and give
a detailed history of them, I beg to say dial
