3 BIS'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27',
and she subsidizes her commercial marine and
cvpends motley for that purpose from a mil-
itary motive, just as the continental countries
of Europe expend their money upon their
standing armies. We are happily removed
from all these causes. Wc are away from
that political cauldron of Europe, and we have
no such motive for subsidizing a commercial
marine in this country. France has always
been trying to emulare England in her naval
power, and has entered on the subsidy policy
from these motives.
But, sir, I maintain that here when you sub-
sidize vessels ■ it can only be done upon the
naked principle that you will aid a private
business which confessedly cannot be carried
on without such aid, which is in itself unprofit-
able, and you take the people's money to keep
up a private undertaking under the general,
glittering, vague idea that they aregoingto re-
turn some good to the people at large. That
system I believe to be radically wrong, and
what is more, it cannot stop there. As the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has
said, there are a number of other linesthat are
going to apply for subsidies. I go further than
that; when once you enter upon this system
of assisting private business upon the ground
that it will benefit the public you cannot, stop
with steamship lines. It is bound to be ex
tended to other projects, other matters not now
before us, and 1 dread to think where it will
land the American Congress. I shall give my
vote now and forever against anything that is
based upon the idea of subsidy to private par-
ties for the purpose of carrying on Llieir busi-
DGSS.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, happily I
have no occasion to explain any vote which I
have given touching tins section or any other
section of the bill. I am not in the habit of
voting one day for a measure and the next
against it without some good reason for it,
but in this particular instance there is no
occasion for any explanation about it. As
a liepresentative of the people I am here this
morning to protest against the proclamation
made on every hand that every contract made
for carrying the mails is a subsidy in the offen-
sive sense of that word, meaning thereby a
"bounty," as one gentleman calls it, and
meaning thereby, as another gentleman calls
it,, a " voluntary donation or gift." The gen-
tleman from Kentucky, in the heat and tor-
rent of his excitement, referring to the manner
in which Great Britain has been in the habit of
supplying her mail service, said that she let it
out to the lowest bidder, forgetting that in the
very section under consideration the language
is that this contract is to be let to the lowest
bidder, it is nothing more nor less than a
provision for increasing twofold the United
States mail service with Brazil upon a contract
to be let after sixty days' notice to the lowest
bidder.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is something more
in this section that commends it to my favor-
able consideration, and ought to commend it
to the favorable consideration of this House,
and that is, that like the section in relation to
the Pacific mail service which was passed the
other day, it will tend to secure the speedy
supply of the American Government with
one of its greatest wants, a sea-going navy.
This section provides expressly ttiat the
ships that are to be employed in this service
under this contract must be of twenty-five
hundred or two thousand tons burden, and
must be so constructed as, after inspection,
to be deemed fit for the naval service of the
United States; and by the very terms of the
section they are to be at the service of this
Government in time of war.
Gentlemen come here and argue against this
proposition, and if we were to follow their
arguments to their just conclusions, we would
repeal from our statute books all those stat-
utes which it has been the uniform custom of
this Government to adopt from the time it was ,
instituted to the present day, upon the ground,
as they claim, that it was a plunder and rob-
bery of the people. We should be obliged to
write upon our banners, "No duties at all
upon imports; no payment of money for the
transportation of mails ; no tonnage duties ;
no light-house duties," because they are all
equally robbery. In short, you must have
free trade in ships, in woolens, in cotton, in
iron, and in everything.
Gentlemen who talk this way point to the
example of England and ask us to follow it.
I trust in God the'American people will never
follow that example; that is, plundering and
robbing nine tenths of the English operatives
who to-day work Out England's shame and
England's story by being compelled, men and
women, to work a thousand feet below the
surface of the earth by the jiale light of the
lamp in mines for the poor pittance of thirty
or forty cents a  day, and in her mills for
seventy or eighty cents per day.
Sir, I point proudly as an American to that
system of legislation which began ih the begin-
ning and continues to this hour, and which
has resulted in making American operatives
and workers the imperial controllers of the
destinies of this great Republic. Talk to
me about the system of legislation which has
resulted in commanding the admiration and
homage of the operatives, and workers, and
builders in all lands, drawing them by the
hundreds of thousands annually to our shores,
chiefly for the reason that by your legislation
which you call robbery, which you call plunder,
the arm of honest toil is energized, whetherthat
arm is employed at the plow, the loom, the
anvil, in the mine or the mill, or before the
mast.
Sir, the legislation proposed by this amend-
ment is in accord with all your legislation. It
is a proposition to maintain the commerce
of the United States, especially in the west-
ern hemisphere, by paying, for carrying the
mails, such a reasonable amount as may be
proposed in open market by bidders, after
sixty days' notice, the lowest responsible bid-
der to have the contract. That is all there
is of it. But if we are to take the lessons
that are from hour to hour uttered upon this
floor, there is nothing left for us to do but to
turn our backs upon all the brilliant record of
our past legislation and repeal every cent of
duty that is laid upon imports, repeal every
law upon our statute-books in favor of Amer-
ican tonnage, repeal every law providing for
light-house money, repeal every law providing
for the payment of one cent for carrying the
mails to any foreign country whatever, and to
open your ports to the unpaid pauper labor of
downtrodden Europe. That is the question
presented.
I do not propose that these positions as-
sumed so earnestly and so defiantly by gen-
tlemen shall go before the American people
unchallenged. It is a sufficient answer to
all they have said for ,me to say that what is
proposed to be done here to-day stands in
perfect accord with all the past legislation of
this country under every Administration and
under the control and direction of every party
organization from the day when Washington
with uncovered head first took the oath to
support the Constitution of his country to
this hour. I am not ashamed of the American
record in this behalf if other gentlemen are.
I promise to follow in the future, as in the
past, the footsteps of the illustrious men who
have gone before us, and who by their wisdom
in national legislation have demonstrated to
the, world that men, high-minded men, are
capable of self-government, and of managing
the affairs of a great nationality covering a
continent, which is equal to-day to any nation-
ality upon the face of the whole earth. The
record of my country is the vindication of the
vote that 1 shall this day give. lam for the
amendment without qualification.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. It is always with pro-
found regret that I differ with my colleague,
[Mr. Bingham,] who has just addressed the
House, not only oil account of the esteem I
bear him, but because he is the master of
eloquence, and whenever he speaks draws new-
streams from its purestfountains.' But before
we enter on the magic invitation of that or
any other eloquent gentleman upon this great
business, let us consider where we go. It is
extraordinary that such propositions as these
come before Congress witbout the recom-
mendation of the committees having the subject
in charge, and without the recommendation
of some Departmentofthe Government having
jurisdiction. We have no such recommenda-
tionin this case, and theonly official document
bearing upon the subject is the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy to the Senate, Execu-
tive Document No. 50, containing a plan
for the revival of American commerce, it is
a grand scheme. The Secretary appears in
imagination to have mounted the mast-head of
the Ilag-ship of the world and looked over the
waters rolling about the continents in order to
determine what we should do to seize the trade
of all regions; and he lays out a programme
comprising seventeen lines of steamships, five
of which he says should be immediately estab-
lished as pioneer lines. These five pioneer
lines would, if established, require an expend-
iture of fifteen or twenty million dollars. How
much the entire seventeen lines would cost, he
seems himself unable to calculate—probably
from fifty to one hundred million dollars.
They run all around the world, circling the
shores of all civilized lands.
Yet this magnificent scheme cannot be con-
sidered wild, because if this great nation is to
enter upon the conquest of the commerce of
the world, valued at $10,000,000,000 ayear, we
should adopt a comprehensive and liberal sys-
tem. Shall we enter upon this enterprise of
drawing to ourselves the world's trade by
bounties to steamship lines? There is no
concealing the fact that this is a bounty, a
subsidy. Gentlemen may gild the grant by
calling it a contract. If it is a contract it is
one by which we give hundreds of thousands
of dollars for nothing. A grant without ade-
quate consideration is a subsidy; and we bad
as well follow the example of my honorable
colleague, [Mr. Shem,abarger,] chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, and call these
things by their tiue names. It is a subsidy;
it is a bounty; it is a gratuitous grant; it is
asked in the interest of commerce ; and if we
are to begin Wfe have no right to exhaust our
bounty on one line or on two. That would
add partiality to bad policy.
Before we grant these subsidies let us exam-
ine all the facts and consider the claims of all.
Let us consider whether we are able to aid
All the lines which might properly be estab-
lished by private enterprise between Ameri-
can and foreign ports; and if we are to aid
them, upon What scale we can do so. The
Secretary of the Navy has laid out the oniy
scheme before us. VVe have not yet en-
tered upon it, though we propose to double
the bounty to the Pacific line. It may be too
late to defeat that project; and to pass it and
reject this may leave us in the dilemma of
aidu'ig a line which does not need assistance,
and refusing aid to one which does need it,
and of making this discrimination purposely.
Some gentlemen avowedly refuse to give to
this line because it is a poor pauper line, while
they give to the Other because it is prosperous.
Singular logic which persuades members to
vote for a rich line because it is rich, and refuse
to vote for a poor line because it is poor! If
the principle of subsidies were right we should
reverse this rule and grant aid where it is
needed ; but I vote for none, because the prin-
ciple seems to me unsound and the policy bad.
Why should we leave our continent and put
our treasures on to the seas. Gentlemen
point to small nations, insular Powers, such as
