2980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
of 1867. Nobody pretended that, it was. Sen-
ators rise here and say that the board did not
construe that law correctly. Well, sir, suppose
they did not construe it right, they construed
it so as to leave this claim out. Did thpy de
stroy the claim because they did nottake it into
consideration ? Is not the Government respon-
sible for it as a just debt? It was not paid
under that act. Nobody pretends that it was.
This board of men said, " We will not examine
it under this law," and they did not examine
it, but left it out. The Secretary did not want
their examination. He had the law on his
side, and he had the money in the Treasury
appropriated for the purposes of construction.
These are the facts—plain, clear, unmistaka-
ble—and what did he do ? He appointed a
board of officers, examined the whole claim,
and allowed the $93,000. It came to the
Treasury, went before Mr. Brodhead, one of
the most competent men this country ever had
in the public service, a man who lias given
over two thousand written opinions on claims
against this Government. There is a large
volume published containing over sixteen
hundred written opinions by the Second
Comptroller. There is not probably a man in
America who understands this matter of claims
so thoroughly and so well as Mr. Brodhead. You
may say that the Secretary and Mr. Brodhead
had not authority to construe the law ; but I
say here, and 1 say it in the face of gentle-
men who claim great legal knowledge, that the
law of this country made the Secretary of the
Navy and the Second Comptroller the judges
of the law in the case. Nobody else bad au-
thority to judge of it. The law was passed
by Congress; the power was put in their
hands, and they are the aulhonzed otiietis.
It.does not do to go anywheio and tell us that
these ollicers have not a right to construe
the law. They ate by the law itself authorized
to do that particular tiling. It is their busi-
ness, their every-day business, and this very
officer, Mr. Brodhead, lias written hundreds
of opinions in which laws were construed and
facts considered. He has published in one
volume constructions of law and statements
of facts in eases arising before him. And yet
we have Senators rising here and telling us
that it is not proper for high ollicers to con-
strue the laws when they have been doing it
from 178!) down to this time.
Mr. President, we are told there was no
money to pay it. The money was paid out
of the fund for construction, appropriated by
Congress for that identical purpose, and noth-
ing iuis been said here to day in regard to
law, equity, or (act that shows the contrary.
The Secretary had the law and the praeiice
ot the Government, on his side, and so had the
Second Comptroller. The money has been
paid.
1 want to say right, here that the doctrines set
up in regaid to this matter would make the
Congress of this nation the basest of all God's
creatures if they were to act on any such theo-
ries. Why, sir, are we to cheat men out of
their honest dues because some board has not
included their claim in their construction of
the law ? Suppose you and I, Mr. President,
have a settlement; we owe each other; and
we leave out a sum of money: though we pass
receipts "fully received." You and I pro-
fess to be honest men. What, would we do if
it is shown that. I owe you a large sum not in-
cluded in the settlement? You would expect
me to pay it. My neighbors would expect me
to pay it. The world would expect me to pay
it. God in His word and works commands
me to pay it. I would be no gentleman if I
did not do it. I should be a dishonest man if
I did not pay it. I should expect to be con-
demned whiie living and be condemned in that
higher tribunal where we cannot have these
little technicalities pleaded at the bar.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to state one fact that
I omitted to-day. Whatever may be the con-
struction of this law of 1867 it is perfectly true,
as a matter of fact, that the board construed
it as I suggested to-day.
I would say, further, that that was the first
question that the board considered. They
spent considerable time. I think more than a
day, in arriving at the construction of this law
or what it, meant, and they came debbeiately
to the conclusion that they had nothing to do
with any claims that the Department could
pay; that is, they had no business wiih any
claim for extia woik or extra materials, and
their duties only related to the question of
damages, as the Senator from Massachusetts
has said.
But what I rose to say was that a member
of this board, Chief Engineer King, who is
now the head of the Bureau of Steam Engi
neering, before the Secretary allowed the
claim of the Secors, wrote a letter to the Sec-
retary (and I regret that I have it, not here ; I
shall have it to morrow morning if the bill goes
over) in which he states positively and directly
what, classes of claims that board of which he
was a member considered, and how they con-
strued the law ; that they did not consider any
claims of any contractor for extra work and
extra materials, but sitnplv paid for the extra
price of labor, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,, the Sen-
ator from New York has attempted to avoid
the force of the act. of 1868 by commenting
upon the statute of 1867, which, in a remark
made by me while the Senator from New Jer-
sey was discussing this subject, I had stated to
be in pari materia with the statute of 1868,
and he says thai, the act of 1867 is referred to
us a justification foi the assertion made by me
thai the action of the Secretary of the Navy
in paying $93,000 upon this old Secor claim
Wcis a bald and illegal act,. 1 repeat the decla-
ration, it was a bald and illegal act, notwith-
standing what, the Senator from Massachusetts
has said, and I will show that the Senator
from Massachusetts is altogether mistaken
about the law, and has misconceived what the
law is.
Mr. President, I did not refer to the act of
1867 as the justification of the declaration
which I made; it was not in that connection ;
but 1 referred to the act of 1868, which in
language as plain and as distinct as human
ingenuity can devise provided that the amount
of money appropriated by that act to Secor
& Co., and IVrine, Secor & Co., should be in
full discharge of all claims. The Senator from
Massachusetts says " damages." Does the
Senator from Massachusetts mean to misrep-
resent the law? The law says " claims." tie
says " damages." Which states it correctly ?
it was competent, I judge, for the Congress of
the United States to say that a payment, should
be in discharge of all claims. They said so;
the Senator from Massachusetts says they did
not, that it was for damages? How will the
Senator from Massachusetts escape from the
position that the law puts him in when he says
it, was in payment of damages. The law says
it, shall be in payment of all claims.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not deny that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not deny it.
Then with what face can you rise in the Sen-
ate and say that this payment was for dam-
ages, not for. claims? Sir, you may pervert
the very language of the law-book and saythat
"claims" means "damages," and does not
mean "claims." The authority upon which
I stated that this claim was settled was the
law. The statute said it should be "in full
discharge of all claims against the United
States on account of the vessels upon which
the board made the allowance, as per their
report under the act of March 2, 1867." N ow
the Senator Irom Massachusetts says " Oh, this
was a payment for damages." The Senator
seems to have forgotti n what this claim was.
Does the Senator know, when he gets up here
and says this was for materials and exira work,
that this claim grew out of work performed
between 1862 and 1864, and that while the
work was being done there was a board in
sessioji under Admiral Gregory, and that these
parties presented all their claims under the
contract and for extra work as it was done?
Does be know that they were paid twelve
hundred and odd thousand dollars on the
contract? Does he know that they were paid
more than $500,000for their extra work? He
knows all that well. Does he believe that
they did not present this claim?
Mr. WILSON. I know they did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They did present it
and could not get it allowed.
Mr. WILSON. No; it was never acted
upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They presented it and
it was not acted upon?
Mr. WILSON. The board did not reach it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is your authority
for that,?
Mr. WILSON. I have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have it; but we
have the Senator's statement that "claims"
means "damages." Nov/, the Secretary of
the Navy at that time has testified in regard
to this matter that it was closed, and there
was no right whatever to open it. These par-
ties were paid before 1864. They presented
their claims, and they were paid before 1864,
and the matter was closed up. First, their
claims were presented to a board of which
Admiral Gregory was the head, afterward suc-
ceeded by Admiral Ringgold, Admiral Greg-
ory having died; and the matter being fin-
ished, they having obtained for their work and
their materials not only the contract price but
more than half a million besides, they come
to Congress, and Congress authorizes a board
to inquire whether they shall have anything
more. The Secretary of the Navy tells you
it was closed; and then, Air. President, that
board examines their case, reports in their favor
an amount of one hundied and fifteen thou-
sand and odd dollars, and Congress in 1868,
on that report being brought to their notice,
appropriate this $115,000 and say it shall be
in full discharge of all claims.
"Ah!" says the Senator, " that is only dam-
ages, and it was according to law for the Secre-
tary to pay itand he says there is a perfect
right m the Secretary of the Navy and this
Comptroller to pay what they please. Why,
Mr. President, so far from its being the law, it
is a violation of the law for them to use the
money appropriated for construction in 1870
for any such purposes. If you will look into
the statute-book you will find that the appro-
priation is tor construction for the fiscal year,
not for construction in 1864. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts mean to say here that
the contractors for building a vessel dining
the war of 1812 can go to the Navy Depart
ment and use the money that we vote in 1872
for construction and repairs and get pay on a
claim arising in 1812? They have just as
much right, to do it as they have to take that
money to pay it on a claim arising in 1864.
Why, sir, this account had been settled ;
there was no authority in the present Secre-
tary to open it; and the Senator may eulogize
the Second Comptroller as much as be pleases,
but I understand that this was done by the
Secretary of the Navy, and that when the claim
came to the Comptroller he paid it. He
probably did not want to put, himself in antag-
onism to the Secietary. I know not whether
he ever examined it. I know nothing about
his action in reference to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He had to approve it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 believe these accounts
go through the Second Comptroller's office ; I
suppose they do, but that does not make it
any better. The Second Comptroller has no
right to violate the law any more than the Sec-
retary of the Navy, but the Secretary of the
Navy is the responsible party. It was he that
directed this payment to be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senators
question, -because I know he does not mean
