240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
Senate.
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
thus shown that he was a proper man, it be-
came the duty of Congress to remove his dis-
abilities and let him hold the office. And, sir,
that principle which you have seen acted upon
in particular cases, which was acted upon
by wholesale in regard to the elections in Ala-
bama and in North Carolina, and in the pas-
sage of the law already mentioned, of July 11,
1808, which was then announced by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee in the Sen-
ate as a fixed rule of action in the body, has
been its rule of action ever since. Now, I put
to my friends here this fact, which I believe
they cannot successfully answer: i say to them
that it is my belief, and I am very confident
of it, that no man elected to office or appointed
to office has ever asked Congress to remove
his disabilities that they were not removed
except this very man Vance. He is the only
man, so far as I know, elected to an office whose
disabilities were not removed when he asked
it to be done. And Congress has never voted
thai his should not be removed. Had the bill
for their removal been taken up. and Congress
adhered to its principle of action, it would
have passed.
Now, how can it be said, with this record
before us, that those who voted for Vance
threw away their votes knowingly, willfully,
contumaciously, wickedly, when the very Gov-
ernor who sat in North Carolina, when the
chief justice of that State, when every judge
in that State; when two thirds of the Legis-
lature of that State, when almost every county
officer in that State, had been elected before
their disabilities were removed, and had them
removed afterward and were allowed to take
their offices; when Congress had passed a law
which said in so many words that men elected
before their disabilities were removed were
elected, and if their disabilities were removed,
they could take the office upon taking a modi-
fied oath; when act after act, removing the
disabilities of not one, two, or three men, but
hundreds, many hundreds of men, (I speak
without exaggeration,) have passed Congress,
in order that they might take offices to which
they had been elected ? In the face of such a
record as this before us are we to be told that
this iron English rule that is applied to indi-
viduals there is to be applied to representa-
tives of a State acting under oath, and that we
are to impute to them that, they willfully threw
away their votes as much as if they had not
voted at all, and that, therefore, this man
Abbott, who did not receive one third of the
votes cast, and little more than half of those of
his own party, is to be seated in the Senate of the
United States'? What kind of a character for
consistency, for respect for the Constitution
"as they have themselves interpreted it, respect
for republican institutions, can the Senate ex-
pect to have in the country or in the world if
such a wrong as this should be perpetrated?
But, sir, we have had case after case besides.
Congress removed the disabilities of Roderick
Random Butler, who was' elected a membei
of the House, and did it after his term com-
menced, did it for the purpose of enabling him
to take his seat. Since I have been a member
of the Senate, since my friend from Wiscon-
sin has been a member of the Senate, at the
instance of' the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Pool] the Senate unanimously removed
the disabilities of Mr. Shobbe, elected while
under disability, in order that he might take
his seat in the House of Representatives.
But, sir, that is not all. In analogous cases
we have done the .same thing. What did we
do in the case of Miller, of Georgia ? He
was not, tmder the disability of the fourteenth
amendment, but he was under disability. He
was under the disability of the test-oath act,
which Congress has declared again and again
to be a disability ; aad I can show my friend
from Wisconsin that that is expressly declared
to be a disability again and again in the debates
of Congress. It is so declared in the debate
on the bill of July 11, 1868, and it is a disabil-
ity, because if a man could not take that oath
he could not take the office, and therefore he
was disabled from holding office. What did
we do with Mr. Miller, Senator from Georgia?
He could not take the test oath. He could not
take it when he was elected ; he could not
take it a year afterward ; he could not take it
eighteen mouths afterward ; and finally, when
it was determined by the Senate that the Sen-
ator from Georgia on my left [.Mr. Hill] was
entitled to his seat, and that Miller was elected
at the same time, what did Congress do?
What did the Senate do? They prescribed
that Mr. Miller might take his seat upon tak-
ing a modified oath which he could take. If
this doctrine asserted in Abbott's behalf were
true, Miller was not elected at all; if this doc-
trine were true, some other man, Foster Blod-
gett, I believe, was elected, the man who re-
ceived the minority vote. That was the state
of the case; and yet the Senate by a unani-
mous vote, my friend from Wisconsin with the
rest, voted that Miller should take the seat,
although he was under disability when he was
elected.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will do me
the justice to say that I rested my vote in the
remarks I made in support of that case upon
the stJle and exclusive ground that that test-
oath act was unconstitutional.
Mr. THURMAN. I know my friend did,
and I shook hands with him on that. I was
perfectly delighted to hear my friend make
that remark. I considered that act unconsti-
tutional, and I do so yet.
Mr. CARPENTER. Therefore it was no
disability.
Mr. THURMAN. I grant that is a perfect
defense for my friend's vote; but the majority
of the Senate did not think that. The major-
ity of the Senate thought the test-oath act was
constitutional. They made me take it when I
took my seat. The courts made me take it in
the courts before that. I have seen it taken
in the Supreme Court of the United States
again, and again, and again; and although
the Senator from Wisconsin and I agree that it
is unconstitutional, we cannot say, acting as
judges in this case, that it was.
Mr. CARPENTER. We cannot?
Mr. THURMAN. No. We can; but it
would be obiter dictum. Now, what did my
friend in his argument say in answer to all
this ? I declare I was sorry to hear that an-
swer, because he is a lawyer, and an able
lawyer, as everybody knows, and he likes to
argue like a lawyer, and it is a pleasure to
hear him, and it is even a pleasure to answer
him, too, because one has always something
to answer. What does he say in answer to all
this record which I have laid before the Sen-
ate? That this action of Congress was a ne-
cessity under the reconstruction acts; that is
to say, that in a time of profound peace, five
years, six years, seven years after the war had
closed, there was a necessity for construing
the Constitution one way, and now there is a
necessity for construing it another. I have to
say to him that if there was a necessity for so
construing it in 1870, after every State was
admitted to representation, after reconstruc-
tion was complete, and if Congress has con-
strued it as I say it has and as it ought to be
construed, that necessity exists yet, and it will
be a very happy circumstance that the con-
struction it requires will keep Joseph C. Abbott
from occupying a seat in this body to which
he was never elected.
But, sir, the answer of the Senator will not
do. The Constitution is not to be construed
one way at one time and another way at an-
other time. I can understand the argument
that I heard my friend once make, that " inter
arma silent leges;" that in time of war the
Constitution is in abeyance. I can understand
how a supreme necessity may in the minds of
men justify going outside of the Constitution
and saving the Republic even though you have
to trample upon the Constitution for a time.
I do not say that there ever was a case of such
necessity in this country—I do not think that
there has ever been—but I can understand
how men may reason in that way. But how
any man can reason in the year 1872 that there
was in 1871, or 1870, or 1869, any necessity
whatsoever to disregard the Constitution on
the part of Congress is what I cannot compre-
hend at all. From 1868, when the fourteenth
amendment' was adopted, to this time—1868,
three years after the war had ceased—from
that time to this there has been but one con-
struction given either in the courts or in Con-
gress to this amendment to the Constitution,
and that construction is that the election of a
person under disability is not void, but only
voidable, and that it is only avoided by Con-
gress refusing to remove the disabilities.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all that it
is really necessary to say on this case, but yet
I feel bound to call the attention of the Sen-
ate, very briefly indeed, to the precedents in
this body on this subject, and also in the House
of Representatives. The first precedent is
that of the case of Mr. Gallatin in 1793. The
petition against him was a petition of the
minority members of the Pennsylvania Legis-
lature, and the ground upon which he was
sought to be ousted from his seat was that he
had not been nine years a citizen of the United
States when he was elected. The facts were
found to be so, and he was ousted from his
seat. In respect to that case I simply call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that there
was no one in that day to say that the minority
man was elected.
But, said the Senator from Wisconsin, it
did not appear that it was known to the Legis-
lature that Mr. Gallatin was disqualified. I
am not going into the evidence in that case to
show that there was sufficient known to the
Legislature to put them on inquiry about the
facts. I say this: that in a time of high ex-
citement, such as there then was in politics,
as every one familiar with the history of the
country knows, and with the strong opposition
to Mr. Gallatin that then existed, so strong
that the minority members of the Legislature
petitioned the Senate to oust him from his
seat, and employed counsel to represent them,
and were represented by counsel on the floor
of the Senate, who were allowed to argue the
case; when there was such a determination to
oust from this body that eminent and gifted
man, if there had been a chance to seat the
minority man, if anybody had believed that
he had a shadow of a claim to the seat, the
evidence would have been hunted up to show
that those who voted for Mr. Gallatin did it
with knowledge that he was ineligible.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
permit me, the evidence in that case abun-
dantly shows the reverse, abundantly shows
that the representatives in the Legislature
believed that he was eligible.
Mr. THURMAN. I disagree with the Sen-
ator ; but each Senator must read the case for
himself. 1 disagree with him entirely that it
abundantly shows any such thing. Mr. Gal-
latin had entertained different opinions on the
subject himself, and finally the Legislature
agreed to leave the matter to his own judg-
ment ; and while the evidence was not clear at
all on the subject, I take it it was owing to the
simple reason that nobody imagined the Sen-
ate of the United States would seat the minor-
ity man, no matter how clearly it was proved
that those who voted for Mr. Gallatin knew
that he was ineligible. But I shall not take
up tiiae to discuss that.
