1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
is just tho thing which I am doing, for when-
ever I do speak on civil service reform I give
as one illustration of the absurdities of the
system, and of the cmious consequences to
which it may lead, the case of this gentleman,
who was presented for a post office, for a pen-
sion agency, for a minister resident's place,
for a minister plenipotentiary's position, then
landed in the Governorship of a Territory, and
then was taken out of that to be put into the
minister resident's place for which he was
originally nominated. And I always mention
my personal connection with the case. But,
considering that recently General Pile was
appointed by the President for the position
of minister resident in Yenezuela, this time
certainly without any suggestion or solicitation
on my part, I beg leave to say that if that gen-
tleman be entirely unfit for public employment,
as the Times asserts, it is the President who
ought to bear that reproach, and not I; and I
might suggest to the Administration that they
be a little more careful in the selection of their
organs, and instructthem to abstain from indis-
creet statements.
The last charge is this:
"General Schurz pressed upon the President the
appointment of his brother-in-law, Mr. Jussen, of
Chicago, as collector of the Chicago district."
This is a falsehood again. I never pressed
that appointment upon the President or any-
body else. As my friend from Illinois who
sits by my side [Mr. Trumbull] will distinctly
recollect, Mr. Jussen was originally recom-
mended, without my knowing anything about
it, by a delegation coming from Chicago, and
by the then .Representative of his district, Mr.
'Judd. These gentlemen came to me with the
request to go to the President, and press his
appointment. I positively refused. But, after
urgent solicitation on their part, I at last con-
sented to indorse their paper, with an additional
remark to this effect, that the large German
Republican element of Chicago was entitled to
consideration; thatlhad frequently been called
upon to aid the Republicans there, and could
testify to that fact. This was my whole con-
nection with the case. And later, when arumor
spread through the newspapers that Colonel
Jussen was to be removed, the President ex-
pressed himself to a friend in conversation to
the effect that he had never known that there
existed any connection between Mr. Jussen
and myself. But I asseverate that I never
spoke to the President about this appointment
in a single instance, nor to the Secretary, or
the Commissioner of Internal Revefiue, and
absolutely refrained from pressing it in any
sense, just because Mr. Jussen, a very able
gentleman, was a brother-in-law of mine.
I had almost forgotten one of the charges,
where I am again accused of having made use
of my alleged influence with the German ele-
ment to benefit myself by continuing in com-
mission for a considerable time after the war.
A friend had the curiosity to investigate that
case, and I have now an official report from
the War Department before me. The surren-
der of the rebel general J. E. Johnston took
place on the 26th of April, 1865. I was then
in General Sherman's army in North Carolina.
As soon as that surrender had taken place I at
once applied for leave of absence to go to
Washington for the purpose of offering my res-
ignation ; I did so, and this official report cer-
tifies that the first two resignations of major
generals after General Johnston's surrender
were those of Major General Franz Sigel, ac-
cepted May 4. 1865, and of Major General Carl
Schurz, May 6, 1865; from which it appears
that after the virtual close of the war of all
the major generals in the Army General Sigel
and myself were the very first to resign their
commissions instead of using their alleged in-
fluence with the* German element to continue
in the pay of the Government.
So much, sir, for these charges. You will
admit that this is perhaps one of the most re-
markable cases of cumulative, intrepid, and
shameless lying that has disgraced American
journalism for some time.
Now, sir, why are these slanders heaped
upon me? The Times itself states the reason.
Because I, as the Times alleges, have " not
hesitated to invent the most outrageous calum-
nies against President Grant, having accused
him by mean insinuation of keeping up the
general-order system of New York for his own
profit." I pronounce this another falsehood.
What do they call "slandering'" the Presi-
dent? Let us see what I did say, and whether
it can be construed as a slauder. I did state
that the general-order business in New York
was a great abuse and a system of plunder. I
was borne out in that statement by the offi-
cial report of the Retrenchment Committee.
Was that a slander on the President? I did
state that the merchants of New York had
protested against it as an outrageous abuse,
which is a matter of record also. Was that a
slander against the President? I did state that
the Secretary of the Treasury sent a commis-
sion to New York to investigate the matter,
and that that commission reported against it,
which is a matter of record again. Was that
a slander against the President? I did state
that the Retrenchment Committee investigated
the matter and found it to be a great abuse,
and reported in favor of its abolition, which i3
a matter of record again. Is that a slander
upon the President? I did state further that
the Secretary of the Treasury had written to
the collector of New York two letters pro-
nouncing against the abuse, and urging that it
be done away with. This is a matter of record
again. Is that a slander upon the President?
Then I drew a conclusion, and I ask whether
there is any member of this body who will
say that it was not most natural, nay, a
most imperative conclusion, that if, in spite
of the remonstrance of the merchants of New
York, in spite of the reports of investigating
committees, in spite of the letters and pro-
nounced opinions of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that abuse was still kept up, as it
actually was kept up, then there must be a
power stronger than a decent respect for pub-
lic opinion, and stronger than the Secretary
of the Treasury himself, to sustain it; for if
that power was not stronger than a decent,
respect for public opinion, the abuse would
have succumbed to the remonstrances of the
mercantile community of New York; and if
that power had not been stronger than tiie Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the abuse would have
succumbed to the adverse opinion of that offi-
cial. 1 asked the question, who and where is
that stronger power ? I asked the question; I
did not answer it; and I respectfully submit
that the gentlemen who indulge in the pitiable
business of villil'ying the Senator from Illinois
and myself for asking it have not by their
slanders furnished an answer to it that will bo
satisfactory to the country. 1 believe that
when nothing else can be brought up against
those who denounce the abuses of the Govern-
ment than personal vilification the country
will understand the reason.
Thus, sir, I have shown you the character of
the statements contained in the Times; and, as
to the character of those who have invented
and propagated thern, the Senate and an intel-
ligent people may form their opinion for them
selves. I will simply add that after this I shall
not again consider it necessary to take any
notice of such slanders. The limes and its
coadjutors will have a free field, but if attacks
should come as thick as locusts they will not
frighten me away from that course which I con-
scientiously believe to be the course of honor,
truth, right, and duty.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 374) to provide for the
appointment of a commission on the subject
of the wages and hours of labor, and the divis-
ion of profits between labor and capital in
the United States, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before tie
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in obedience to law, inventories of
public property in the possession of the War
Department and its bureaus; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of. War, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December 14, 1871, information in relation to
the improvement of the Columbia river, near
and below the mouth of the Willamette river,
and the removal of obstructions in the
Columbia river above Celilo, Oregon; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, transmitting a communica-
tion from the Governor of Utah, in relation to
the establishment of a military post in the
southern part of that Territory, and recom-
mending an appropriation for that purpose;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND .MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a resolu-
tion of the Legislatm-e of Texas in favor of the
passage of an act granting a pension to the
widow and minor children of Captain William
W. Montgomery; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, and a memorial of citizens
of Missouri, in favor of an appropriation for the
improvement of the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis
lature of Missouri, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the survey and improvement of the
navigation of the Gasconade river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, in favor of an appropriation
for the improvement of the Osage river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of sur-
vivors of the war of 1812, praying an amend-
ment to the act of February 14, 1871, granting
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812, so
that soldiers who served fourteen days in that
war may be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Maine, praying that the sale of stamped en-
velopes by the Government be discontinued ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of Joseph L.
Stevens, of Castine, Maine, praying that he be
granted a pension for services rendered in the
war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
Rachel Rhodes, of Atlantic City, New Jersey,
heir of Servoise and Shoemaker ; and also the
memorial of the heirs of Edward Jones, de-
ceased, of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for
the passage of a bill providing for the payment
of damages on account of French spoliations ;
which were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Absolem J. Wilson and one hundred and sixty-
five others, of Williamsport, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth outrages and abuses to which they
are exposed as colored persons, whenever they
travel, and in common schools, and asking for
the passage of the supplementary civil rights
bill now pending before the Senate. I move
that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
