18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
42b Cong. ...-2d Sess.
Senator from, North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
sekauei
The next case in the Senate is the Shields
case. General Shields was elected to the Sen-
ate from Illinois. Mr. Breese was his com-
petitor, aud received a minority of the vote.
General Shields' seat was contested on the
ground that he bad not been nine years a citi-
zen of the United States, and the fact was so.
The general had an idea that he might be
elected, and at the expiration of the nine
years, although that would be after his term
had commenced, he might take his seat in the
Senate. That was the idea on which he was
slsctfid.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask my friend
if there is any escape from that on his theory
that a man may be eligible to be elected who
is not eligible afterward to hold the office? Is
there any escape from that, that if he was
elected and waited long enough until his ineli-
gibility expired by the lapse of time, he would
be entitled to a seat, supposing it was only a
year and he was elected for six?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 do not mean to say
that it is so at all. I do not undertake to
decide that, because the decisions on that sub-
ject in Congress are contrary, and I know" it is
not necessary in this case to argue it; and I
have not the strength to argue what I have to
argue, without considering so unnecessary a
question as that.
The Senate of the United States voted that
General Shields could not hold a seat. On
motion of Mr. Calhoun,the resolution reported
by the committee was amended so as to show
the reason of the decision, and as amended and
passed it was that General Shields, when
elected, and at the time when his term com-
menced, not having been nine years a citizen
of-the United States,was not entitled to a seat
in the body. That was the ground, and the
Senate, ,by an almost unanimous vote, sus-
tained thatground. Did anybody pretend that
Judge Breese ifras entitled to the seat? It
there had been a question, if anybody had sup-
posed so, would there not have been some
inquiry into the question whether or not the
Legislature that voted for Shields knew that he
had not been uine years a citizen of the United
States? And yet no man .made any such
inquiry ; no man thought of setting forth any
such preposterous claim.
But at length the direct question came up.
Mr. Mallory was elected by the Legislature of
Florida, and Mr. Yulee contested his election,
and claimed the seat upon exactly the ground
upon which Abbott now claims his seat; that
is, he claimed it upon the ground that he,
Yulee,. was elected, although he had not re-
ceived a majority vote. The facts of the case
were these: on the first ballot, for they
elected in joint convention, the votes were—
for blank, 18; for Yulee, 18; and the Legis-
lature said there was no election, and they
proceeded to ballot again. After several bal-
lots, Mr. Mallory received a majority of the
votes, and was declared to be elected, and the
certificate was given to him and he took his
seat. Yulee contested it on the ground that
he was elected on the first ballot; that those
votes that were blank were thrown away, and
he being the only person voted for was there-
fore elected. What did the Senate do in that
case ? The committee raised oil it sat in the
old Supreme court-room. I well remember
it. I happened to be in Washington -at the
time. It was argued there for days and days.
They reported against Mr. Yulee'a claim. Mr.
Yulee asked the privilege of the Senate to be
heax-d at the bar. He spoke four hours in
defense of his claim, and then, with scarce a
word said oa the other side, the Senate voted,
and by a unanimous vote said he had no claim
at all. There never was such an instance in
this world of ft man's labor being all lost.
Bight at the end of a four hour's speech with
scarce a word said in reply, the unanimous
42 D 2l> iSfSSS.—No. 16.
vote of the Senate was given against him,
every Democrat in the Senate voting against
him, although Yulee was a Democrat and
Mallory was a Whig.
What answer, pray, is given to that case?
There, you will observe, there could not be
any question about knowledge. The men who
voted blank knew they were voting blank, just
as much as the men who voted for Vance knew
that Vance was disqualified; they knew that
perfectly well. Bat what is said in answer to
this? That .a resolution had been passed by
a previous Legislature of Florida that in all
elections by the Legislature no man should be
considered elected unless he received a ma-
jority of the votes of all the members elected
to the Legislature, and that Yulee had not
received a majority, but only just one half, of
all the members elected; and it is said that
that settled that case.
It is very true that the committee did re-
port that that was a sufficient, ground; but the
committee did not report, and they could not
report, that that resolution was binding on the
Legislature. How could one Legislature bind
another Legislature by any such resolution as
that? It was not a law of the State; it-was a
simple resolution that had been passed in some
previous year, and it could have no binding
effect upon a subsequent Legislature. But
more than that, it was a resolution that had
not been observed by the Legislature itself, as
was abundantly proved in that case. But
what did the committee report about it? The
committee reported that those who voted
blank had a good right to believe that that
resolution Was still in force, aud that if they
so believed, and that their blanks would be
counted against Yulee, Yulee was not elected,
although it should be found that in point of
fact the resolution was not in force and bind-
ing upon the Legislature.
Now I apply that very doctrine to this ease.
The Legislature of North Carolina had a right
to believe that the interpretation of the four-
teenth amendment-for which 1 have contended,
and which has the sanction of the Senate from
the adoption of that amendment down to this
day, was the true interpretation of the Consti-
tution, and that therefore the votes for Vance
would not be rejected in the count, that his
election would not be void, bat only-voidable.
Even if they were mistaken in their interpret-
ation of the Constitution, that mistake is not
to inure to the benefit of Abbott; it is not to
result in destroying the power of the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina to elect a Senator. The
very doctrine of Yulee's case settles it that if
there was this mistake, it is a mistake which
prevents Abbott being elected. It was an
innocent and honest mistake on their part
if they misconstrued the Constitution, and it
would not be justice, but flagrant injustice, to
say that by reason of this mistake into which
you yourselves, Senators, led them, they have
lost their votes, and a minority man, who did
not receive one third of the votes of the Legis-
lature, is to be seated here as their Senator.
Then comes the ease of Thomas, of Mary-
land. The Senate was of opinion that Thomas,
of Maryland, could not take the test-oath.
What did they do? He was therefore under
disability. I defy any man—I do not care if
Locke would arise from the dead with all his
genius for metaphysics, or if old Hobbes could
stand before us with his power of analysis and
hair-splitting, 1 would defy them to show that
the effect of this test-oath act, if it is constitu-
tional, is not to create a disability. Then,
according to the vote of the majority of the
Senate, Thomas, of Maryland, was under dis-
ability. What did the Senate do ? They would
not 1st bim take his seat; but did any Senator
pretend that the minority man was elected ?
You Bepablicans had an overwhelming majority
in the Senate. You were seven, eight, or nine
to one Democrat. The man voted for bythe
minority of the Legislature of Maryland was
an influential Radical, a man of power, an<3
ability. He is bow Postmaster General'—Gen-
eral Creswell. He was the man for whom the
minority voted. Did General Creswell clairii
that he was elected because Thomas was under
disability ? Did any Senator on this floor listen
to such a thing? No, sir; not one. No man
dared to get up and say that because Thomaa
was disqualified, Creswell was elected. It was
reserved for Mr. Abbott to make that claim.
Now. going back to other cases, away back
in Mr. Monroe's administration 1 think it was,
is the case of Bailey in the other House. He
was elected a member of the House from Mas-
sachusetts. His election was contested on the
ground that he was not an inhabitant of Massa-
chusetts, but an inhabitant of the District of
Columbia. The House decided that he was an
inhabitant of the District of Columbia and not
of Massachusetts, and therefore his election
was void. Mark it, there was a ease in which
he was not eligible to election, for unless -he
was an inhabitant 6f Massachusetts the Consti-
tution expressly said he should not be elected ;
for it says that a Representative must be an
inhabitant of the State from which he is elected
at the time of the election, and therefore Mr.
Bailey's ineligibility to election. Did anybody
pretend in that case that the minority man was
elected ?
The residence of Mr. Bailey in this city was
as notorious as anything could be. He had
resided, if my memory is correct, twenty-four
years in the city 'of Washington, and he was
elected while his family were still here re-
siding in the city of Washington. His absence
from Massachusetts reached to almost a quar-
ter of a century, if my memory is not at fault.
It was as well known in his district as it was
known that there was such a man as Mr.
Bailey. Those who voted for him kn«w it
perfectly well; and yet did the minority man
claim the seat, or did anybody pretend that
the minority man had a right to the seat? No,
sir; in those honest days there was no man to
make such a claim.
I have already spoken of the cases of Sho-
ber, of Butler, and of Young. The Senator
from Illinois who opened this case has re-
ferred the Senate to the able report of the
Committee of Elections in the House upon
Brown's case, I believe it was, in which tney
consider this whole question of the claim of a
minority man to be elected, and answer by
irrefutable argument, showing that it is not,
and never was, the law in this country.
But it is said in reply to that, that the House
of Representatives may have one rule for itself
and we might have another rule for ourselves.
It is very true it might so happen ; but it would
be a very great misfortune, and not at all cred-
itable to the two Houses if it did so happen,
for on a question that depends on an interpret
ation of the Constitution, the two Houses ought
if possible to agree; and above all things oaght
we not to overrule the decision of the House
when we have drawn the House by our own
action into making that decision;by our owa
interpretation of the Constitution? The char-
acter of Congress and the certainty of elec-
tions require that if possible the decisions oi
the two Houses should harmonize, Sp fat
they have harmonized "perfectly; but this at
tempt on the part of General Aobo>t is an
attempt to produce discord where heretofore
there has boon harratmy, to have one rule of
decision in the Senate and another rule of
decision in the House.
Now, Mr. President, 1 desire to say a very-
few words upon the adjudicated ca^es. f
affirm-with the utmost positiveness that there
is not a judicial decision of the highest court
in any State in this Union except the Indiana,
decision that gives the slightest countenance!
