294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition from
R. H. Nuby, jr.. and ninety-one others, of
Mount Pleasant, Oliio, praying for the passago
of'the supplementary civil rights bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of James Jef-
ferson and sixty-nine others, of Rhode Island,
praying for the passage of the supplementary
civil rights bill; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented the petition of W. H.
MoBtagne and eighty-two others, of Spring-
field, Massachusetts, praying for the passage ;
of the supplementary civil rights bill: which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of R. J. :
Mortimer and forty-one others, of Winfield, •
Iowa, praying for the passage of the supple- :
mentary civil rights biil; which was ordered :
to lie on the table. i
He also presented the petition of James F. !
Sprigg and thirty-two others, of Miliington, i
Kent county, Maryland, praying for the pas- ;
sage of the supplementary civil rights bill; I
which was ordered to lie on the table. .
He also presented the petition of Peter Ross 1
and thirty others, of Rhode Island, praying for
the passage of the supplementary civil rights ;
bill; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of C. M. .
Brown, and many others, of Harrisburg, Penn- ;
sylvania, praying for the passage of the supple- ;
mentary civil rights bill; which, was ordered ;
to lie on the 'able. ,
He also presented the petition of Rev. Berry ,
W. Arnett and one hundred and ninety other ;
colored citizens, of Toledo, Ohio, praying for
the passage of the supplementary civil rights
bill; which was ordered to lie on the table. j
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a similar
petition, which the Senate will see is of some ,
length, with, as I am told, two thousand signa-
tures of colored citizens of Philadelphia. I
move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.. SUMNER, I also present a petition
from colored citizens of Newport, Rhode
island, in which they set forth at some length
their reasons in favor of the supplementary
civil rights bill, and say :
""Wedo not ask for legislation to regulate social
intercourse, which undeniably regulates itself. \Ve
petition legislation in our behalf only where the
civil law may control, We demand admission into i
any and all public conveyances, hotels or inns, the
common schools, and licensed places of amusement,"
I move that this petition also lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present resolutions
adopted at a great public meeting in the city
of Washington, oq Friday, the oth of January,
which are in the nature of a petition to the
Congress of the United States, as they contain !
this resolution: ' ]
" Jlewleed, That the address and resolutions con- !
sidered and adopted by this meeting, duly signed by i
the president end seccrary thereof, be presented
through Hon. ClURLrs Scmxer to the Senate of ;
the United States, as expres-iv-e of the sense and
judgment 01 the colored people of the country with
respect to the -u'jjeer ,-ef rre,t to therein, and as
containing- our prayer ia that regard.''
Thisofficial cot.y of these resolutiotisand the
address is signed by the president of the meet- ;
mg, John M. Lang-ton. and countersigned by .
the secretary, Henry Johnson. Among the ;
resolutions are the following :
" Ilesoh-t-J, That we earnestly requeK and ur^e all '
Republican senators, members of toe House of Rep-
resentatives, the Republican press throughout toe
eountiy, and all friends of equality b^h ro the law,
white ur colored, not only to give their influence,
but then mo«t earnest support end vo-o   i ..".or
of the biil now pending in the Senate, ynu known
as^a bill Mipniementdiy to the civil rign's a.'t.
" ItefJvcl, fnat we e.iil e--s,eoiaUy upon u'l Sen-
ators and member of Congress elected to their' v-
eral positions n! >n tne votes of white and colored
Republicans of the Bouth to she their influence,
their fUPDort, an.i their i otc.i'o this measure, which
is sustained by eon-iderations of humanity, justice,
and the plainest principles of tao common law, and .
which is demanded by the interests of the entire
country, the conservation and stability of republican
institutions."
As these resolutions, with the accompanying
address, represent the sentiments of tho col-
ored people of Washington assembled at a
meeting, which as described by those present
was remarkable both for its numbers and its
intelligence, I think that I shall be justified in
departing from the rule that I have laid down
to myself generally in presenting petitions, by
asking that this be printed. I do not know
that I have ever made such a request, at least
not for many years, but I ask that this lie 011
the tuble and be printed ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from j
Massachusetts asks that the memorial and reso-
lutions of citizens of Washington alluded to by
himself, and just presented, belaid on the table
and printed. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none, and that order will be made.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of Williamsport and Sunbury, Penn-
sylvania, protesting against the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Government: which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Charles J.
Davis, of Philadelphia, administrator of Cap-
tain John Davis, an officer of the army of the
Revolution, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of George W.
Bradley, of Pennsylvania, a soldier of the late
war, praying for relief to him by Congress on
account of certain diseases contracted by him
while in the late war ; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Claims.
He also presented a petition signed by a
large number of paymasters' clerks and other
persons employed by paymasters of the Army,
praying the enactment-of a law granting them
additional compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens
of North Arkansas, praying that townships
thirteen to twenty-one north, of ranges eight
to seventeen west, both inclusive, which now
forms a part of the Little Rock land district,
be attached to the Harrison land district;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN presented the
petition of Arm H. Jones and Gertrude P.
Smith, heira of James H. Kearny, deceased,
of New Jersey, praying indemnification for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented the
petition of Samuel Harper, of Texas, praying
to be relieved from liability for the loss of
revenue stamps while agent of the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Texas,
asking for the grant of a pension to Marv Arm
Montgomery, widow of William W. itont-
gorner}, and her children; which was referred
to the Comm'ttee on Pensions
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri residing in rural districts and
engaged in the business of brewers or manu-
facturers of beer and lager beer, praying Con-
gress to so modify and amend the revenue
ia.vs as to allow those of their vocation to
make affidavit to the civil officers in their
midst as to the quantity of beer brewed per
month, instead of being compelled, as they are
now. to incur heavy expenses in traveling to
and fiorn the revenue officer to make their
monthly returns; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEKOY presented the petition of
S, N. Wood, of Cottonwood Falls, Kansas,
representing that he has been despoiled of a
larga amount of personal property by bands of
Indians, and praying that he niav be compen-
sated for his loss; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY presented a letter of W. A.
Shannon, addressed to hira, inclosmg a state-
ment of the sales of lands at the land office at
Augusta, Kansas, for the months of October
and November, 1870, and recommending that
all fees of legistersand receivers be abolished,
and that an adequate compensation be fixed
by law; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
John T. Norihington and otheis, of Montgom-
ery, Alabama, representing th it the cotton
tax collected in the years 1865,18G6. 18C7.and
1868 is, in their opinion, unconstitutional and
unjust, and praying the enactment of a law
refunding the money thus paid by them: which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a petition from citi-
zens of Link river precinct, Jackson county,
Oregon, in which they set forth that under the
act for the admission of the State of Oregon a
large amount of land was given to that State
for certain purposes, and under the statutes of
the State of Oregon this land was to be sold
only to actual settlers, in quantities not exceed-
ing three hundred and twenty acres to each
settler, at the rate of two dollars per acre. The
applicant is required to make oath " that he is
living upon such land, that he intends 10 make
it his home, and that he knows of no prior
settler claiming any part thereof," thereby pre-
cluding the possibility of the lauds being bought
up by speculators.
The present board of commissioners for the"
sale of these lands, it is alleged, have set aside
the above statute law, giving to speculators the
chance to make applications with fictitious
names attached, and thereby monopolize all
the lauds. As this ruling of the board was
made shortly after the passage of the odious
'•swamp-land bill"' of Oregon, and as the filers
on the swamp lands in this section are the per-
sons through or for whom the applications on
State lands have been made, these petitioners
say they believe the board of commissioners to
be in collusion with the swamp laud speculators:
and, as patents have not been issued to the State
for these lauds, they ask that some remedy be
given by Congress. I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
to this petition, and I move that it be referred
to that committee.
The rfotion was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON presented resolutions of
the common council of Trenton, New Jersey,
in favor of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of navigation in the Delaware' river
between Trenton and Bordentown; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of S. C.
Madeira and E. F. Cabada, asking for com-
pensation for injury done, growing out of
alleged illegal proceedings in a case of seizure
of a cargo of molasses by the custom-house
officers at the port of Philadelphia; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of Joseph A. Chamber-!, prayi'ig to be
allowed the military bounty due his minor son,
who died in the service of the United States
iu the late war; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
BILLS I.VTKODUCKD
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce 11 bill (S.
No. 4'2fi) for the relief of '1 homos Allen ; which
was read twic« by its title, referred to tho Com-
mittee on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked. and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S, No. 127)
to further regulate the appellate jurisdiction
of the Sup re me, Court, ami to prevent delays
therein ; which was road twice by iu title,
