2982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
parties herein respectively named by the Secretary
of the Navy, under an act of Congress entitled,'* (fee.—
The act of 1867—
" which shall be
These are the words upon which the Senator
originally relied—
" whioh shall be in full discharges of Jill claims
against the United States on account of the vessels
upon which the board made tlic aJlowniu o, as per 1
their leport, under the yet ofMarch2, 1807."
What are the claims covered by these latter
words? Plainly they are the claims "upon
which the board made the allowance, as per :
their report, under the act of March 2, 18G7."
I but repeat the veiy words of the statute.
This is the point made by the Senator Irom
Massachusetts. I care not whether he be
chaffered with about the word "damages" or
the word •'claims." The honest pomt of the
Senator from Massachusetts, which has not
been answered and cannot, be answered, is
tha,t this act of 18(18 operates as a, i eeeipt. in fail
only for claims which the board adjudicated.
Here is the report of the board, the very ie- i
port referred to in this act, and the Senator
from Massachusetts says truly, as tho report
shows, that the boaid expressly excluded
all claims for extra materials and deviation
from the contract. That was the point put by
the Senator from New Jersey. Could the
Senator from Illinois answer it'/ Had he the
courage or ingenuity to rise and argue that
when the act said it was to be in full of the
claims passed upon by the board it did not
mean that, but did mean something else? No,
sir, the courage of (lie Senator failed at (hat
point; and how did he seek escape from the
Senator from New Jersey? By saying, 4' Why,
the act of 18(57 covers it."
All ! but we turn to the act of 1807 and we
iind it open to two constructions. We lind that
when it comes to be considered, as it was very
critically by the Senator from California, the
only prop by which he can uphold the con-
struction contended for is (^.discriminate with
subtle nicely in regard to words in the pro-
vision at the eixl of the statute, and which
were never relied upon at all in (lie original
reading. So that it appears that, the act of
1808 has not been violated, and that when the
Senator goes back to the act of 1807 we lind it
open to two constructions, and we lind no room
for pretense (hat even a blunder has been made
under one construction of the statute ; and yet,
in the face of all this, the Senator Irom Illinois,
rises and informs us that lie repeats again that
the action of the Secretary of the Navy is an
utterly bald and inexcusable transaction !
"Judge not, that ye be not judged ; for with
what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged ;
and with what measure ye men:, it shall be
measured to you again." Should the Senator
from Illinois ever attain an executive posi-
tion, higher or lower than that of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, f pity him if bis judges
shall be inspired by the spirit he has mani-
fested in this debate. With a statute upon
the definition and meaning of which the law-
yers of the Semite divide; with a statute which
confessedly the board honestly interpreted in a
certainway; with a statute under which it is not
pretended that jurisdiction of this $0:1,000 was
taken, is it seemly that in the highest tribunal,
iu the forum of last resort in case of official
accusation, a judge who may be, is to rise in
passion and say that the action of an officer
is not only without warrant of law but utterly
bald and admitting of no extenuation ?
Sir, if the Senator from Illinois can afford
the position in which lie has placed himself,
t.he Secretary of the Navy may content him-
self with the position in which he stands, and
he might be content even were the Senator
a,ble (an ability which he has not yet evinced)
to convict the Secretary of a mistake on a
question of law.
This is a Christian country ; we live iu the
last half of a Christian century, and political
animosities, madness, aud blindness have not
yet gone so far that you can hang a man or
blast his fame by proving that he has made a
mistake on a question of law. If you could,
we might weil give new application to the
injunction, "Let him that thinketh he stand-
eth take heed lest he fall."
The case does not give a sane mind the
possibility of suspecting anybody of anything
more than an innocent error as to the mean-
ing of a statute. It seems to me this is the
widest door opened to critical supposition.
And yet a citizen of-unblemished honor, a,
citizen upon whose private character no tar-
nish of suspicion has ever rested, a high officer
who,having been subjected to an inquiry which
this 18 not the place to characterize, has come
out of it unspotted and vindicated,is arraigned
here as if he were a common malefactor upon
an allegation with no broader, honest founda-
tion than that a Comptroller of the Treasury,
the officer himself, and a board of officers
and other persons possibly misunderstood or
mistook the meaning of a statute!
[ said once bel'oie that this was not the ap-
propriate time or place to commit myself to
any construction of this statute. 1 took part
in the debate without wishing to argue or in-
sist upon any construction as against all others.
1 attempted simply to show that the statute
was open at least to the construction which
had been given, and to suggest a suspension
ol judgment, a halt in that haste which took
form in the allegation that an unwairantable,
an inexcusable, a bald violation of law had
been committed, so naked of all possibility
of erroi, that charity itself could suggest no
extenual ion.
Mr. President, the Senator from Massachu-
setts, whether he chooses to use the word
"damages" or (he word " Claims," will not
discredit himself as a lawyer if lie says that
taking the act of 1808 as a receipt in full it
was a receipt only of those claims which had
been passd upon by the board. 1 undertake
to insure that honorable Senator against ever
being disbarred for ignorance iu Westminster
Hall, or the Supreme Court of the United
States, or anywhere else if he makes no worse
mistake of law than that. The act of 1808
will not do for the Senator from Illinois, and
when he looks for an enlargement of the act of
1808 in the act of 1807 he (alls upon different
constructions, under one of which no man
would deny that the proceedings had were not
only innocent, but technically aud strictly
right according to the statute.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we read m
God's holy Word the command, "Thou sliatt
not steal." The next command that follows
it is, "Thou slialt not bear false witness." I
believe in the binding obligation of both of
those commands. I have no sympathy with
any man m public life or in private lile who
violates this commandment, "Thou shalt not
steal," and I have quite as little sympathy with
that man who bears false witness against his
neighbor. I think in theSenate of the United
States, in the House of Representatives, among
men who are intrusted with high responsibil-
ities, there should be some care before hurl-
ing against, associates in the Government un-
just accusations. We all know that we live m
a time ol'accusation, of fault-finding criticism ;
and we here, at any rate, ought to be very care-
ful before we hurl these accusations against
honorable men.
Sir, I know the Secretary of the Navy; I
believe him to be a man of capacity, of indi-
vidual honor and personal character. I have
known for many years Mr. Brodhead, the
Secoud Comptroller. I know lum to be a man
of the highest integrity, a man of large admin-
istrative ability aud experience. Now, sir,
before I could believe anything against either
of these gentlemen affecting their integrity as
men and as public officers, I should make the
most searching investigation. We know how
honorable geutlemen are accused. The Sen-
ator from Illinois should be a little careful, I
think, in this matter as well as the rest of us.
1 heard him not long since repel an accusation
made in the public press upon himself with
indignant eloquence, and my sympathies were
with him. I have known that Senator many
years. I have believed him to be a just man,
but in this c ise be has "one altogether beyond
what the facts will justity.
I wish to restate biiefly my position in this
matter, which I have endeavored to investi-
gate with some care. Por the credit of the
public service, I do' not wish t,o shield any
man who has done wrong intentionally, or any
man who has made a mistake.
The first point I maintain is that the Secre-
tary of the Navy had a right,, and had the
money to do it, with, to pay for any increased
labor or materials; and he did it all through
the war. He did not need to come to Con-
gress for any such power. He did not come
here for any such power, and no such power
was given.
But this act was passed, and' the gentlemen
appointed under it construed it iu the light of
the practice ol" the Department. They knew
what the practice had been; they knew what
the usages of the Department were; they
knew that the Secretary had power to ex-
amine every one of that class ol claims, but
that he had no power to examine the claims
intended to be covered by the act of 1867.
Therefore they confessedly excluded every
other claim but that class of claims. The law
of 1808 provided for paying these claims. I
said they were damages. They were damages,
damages incurred by the action of the Govern-
ment in extending the time, and oilier causes.
But, sir, you may call them damages or call
them claims or claims for damages. There
were claims for these damages done to these
contractors, and the law of 1S08 provided for
the payment of what had been reported and
nothing else.
Sir, the Senator from Illinois accuses the
Secretary of violating law by paying the award
of the board to which Secor & Co.'s claim was
referred. In this he is mistaken. The Secre-
tary has made this clear in his testimony before
the committee of investigation.
Now 1 want to say a word ill regard to the
Second Comptroller. I went to that officer and
asked him if he had carefully examined this
case. I had undoubting faith in his judgment,
and there is not a man living in whose integ-
rity I have more confidence. He has a grand
record, and 1 believe his inflexible integrity
and his knowledge have saved to this country
millions upon millions of dollars. His reply was
that he had given it a careful consideration,
that he believed the law was with the Secre-
tary and the equity with him, and that he had
power to pay it in law and he had the money
to pay it with. There cannot be any doubt
about the one or the other. The money has
been paid.
Now, it may be that the sum paid was too
much or too little; of that 1 know nothing,
lhe claim that came befoie the board was not
one for damages, but it was a claim for work,
for labor, for materials. I think it ought to
have been paid if it was a just claim. If the
Secretary has erred m judgment in this matter,
it he has paid more than he ought to have paid,
he has made a mistake, but I do not believe
the Secretary of the Navy has intentionally
done anything thjit is wrong in this case; 1
am confident he has violated no law of the
land. I believe the same of the Second Comp-
troller. And,* sir, I deeply regret that there
should be anywhere in the country this dis-
position so hasten to accuse men who are
intrusted by the laws of the land with high
administrative duties, unless upon the clearest
evidence of an intention and purpose to do
wrong, or a clear and palpable mistake of
judgment.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I hope, now that
there is a quorum present, we may get a vote
upon this bill.
