242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[•April 15,
Sexate.
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
to this claim of a minority man being elected,
while it has been decided again and again, as
I shall show, notwithstanding the criticism of
my friend from Wisconsin, that the minority
man is not elected, although the majority man
may be under disqualifications. The only two
decisions in America in favor of the minority
man are the Indiana decision and the decision
of an inferior court, a common pleas court of
the city of Philadelphia, which has been re-
ferred to, and that pushes the- doctrine to its
necessary logical eousequence. There it was
held by that court that a man who received
but one vote—mark it—was elected, although
there were twenty-four cast, I believe 
Mr. CARPEN fER. Eleven.
Mr. THURMAN. They decided that the
man who received but one vote was elected
if the jury found that the man who voted for
him voted by ballot. That is what it comes
to. Let me ask the Senator what this will
come to upon the very doctrine contended for.
Suppose on the first day when this Legislature
mei, the Senate by itself and the House by
itself, General Abbott had received but one
vote in the Senate and but one vote in the
House, and the other votes had been scattered
among other persons, so that no person had a
majority of the whole in either House, then
prima facie there would be no election ; that
is perfectly clear. Now, suppose that all the
votes that were given for these other persons
were given to disqualified persons. Take that
case. Each house meets on the day appointed
in the act of Congress. The senate proceeds
to vote, and one man votes for General Abbott,
a qualified person ; the rest vote for three,
four, or five disqualified persons; nobody has
a majority, and the senate records the fact
that there is no election pursuant to the act
of Congress. In the house the same thing
takes place; so that in the whole Assembly
General Abbott gets but two votes, one in the
senate and oneiu the house, and all the other
votes are cast for disqualified persons. The
next day they meet m joint convention, and
the entire Assembly unanimously vote for a
qualified man. In such a case, General Abbott,
who did not get a vote, would, according to the
logic of my friend, be elected.
Mr. CARPENTER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I put it to the Sen-
ate whether that is common-sense or law ?
Mr. CARPENTER. It is law.
Mr. THURMAN. The law is said to be the
perfection of reason. If that is the perfection
of reason, then God help me to unreason. I
do not want anv such reason as that.
Mr. CARPENTER. In this case.
Mr. THURMAN. No; nor in any other.
The Senator is right in conceding what he
does; he sees where he is driven ; and he has
undoubtedly  
Mr. CARPENTER. I was not driven there.
I went there voluntarily. The doctrine of the
cases being that all votes cast for disqualified
candidates are no votes, and that the man,
being qualified, who receives the highest num-
ber of votes east, even one out of twelve, or
one out of five hundred, is the only man who
got the vote, the cases say he is elected. I
read the cases, and the very case which illus-
trated the rule. I was not driven to it. I
went to it as cheerfully as a devotee.
Mr. THURMAN. I really did not think
that. I thought he was driven to it by these
cases in a panic or stampede; that he mis-
apprehended them and fled from them, and
was driven into that corner. I never did sup-
pose that he hugged such a monstrous doctrine
to his bosom. [Laughter.] I had too much
respect for his intellect to suppose that. But
as there is no disputing about taste, de gustibus
iioh est disputandum, if my friend loves these
cases, so be it; I cannot help it. I am only
sorry that such is the fact.
Now, in regard to the cases against this doc-
trine, my friend says they are all obiter dicta.
They are the- opinions of judges sworn to de-
cide the truth and not to give false opinions
whether they are obiter or whether they are
not obiter. But the question of whether a
thing is obiter dictum or not is a question
that may arise in a court where the decision
is authority, but it cannot arise in the Senate,
for none of these cases are authority. They
are only the opinions of men learned in
the law, and whether the opinion is obiter
dictum, or whether it was necessary to the
decision of the case, in either event it, is enti-
tled to weight in the decision of this question.
Would my iriend take me to task if 1 were to
read to him from Kent's Commentaries on
these questions? Why not say that all Kent's
Commentaries are obiter dicta ? Why not say
that Coke upon Littleton is obiter dictum ?
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me a single remark on that point as he does not
wish to misrepresent me. I was examin-
ing in this connection the question whether
the rule was settled in this country as a judicial
one. All the first part of the Senator's argu-
ment here drawing the distinction between
authority and precedent is a mere question of
philology between him and me. We under-
stand the thing precisely alike. I do not under-
stand here that if every decision in England
and every decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States, and the decision of every
State in the Union was in favor of General
Abbott, that that would compel the Senate to
admit him. I was simply trying to show that,
examining the cases upon judicial principles,
they did not judically settle the law as they
were claimed to have done by the Senator
from Illinois. Now, if we were in a court of
justice and were inquiring simply what is the
law in the courts, that is to say, what is the
rule judicially established, then, of course, it
would become material to inquire whether a
certain opinion is a judicial opinion upon
which the judgment in the case rested, or a
mere obiter dictum, expressing an opinion on
the question, the question being of that class
that decided either way the judgment would
have been just as it was. pronounced.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it is suf-
ficient for me that these are the opinions of
learned men. As we would read a chapter
of Coke, or a chapter of Story on the Consti-
tution, or Rawle, or Kent, or the like, I may
read the opinion of a judge delivering an
opinion under the solemnities of an oath and
from the seat of justice itself, whether it is
obiter or not obiter; but the truth of it is that
my friend was never more mistaken in this
lite than when he calls this obiter. There is
not one single case in which the opinion was
obiter.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me one remark and I will not interrupt him
again. I call his attention to this fact, that
there is not one single case read which Would
not have been decided just as it was decided,
if the judges had expressed the opinion that
in case the other man was disqualified the
minority man should take his place in an elec-
tion like this by a limited number of electors
voting viva wee.
Mr. THURMAN. And that may be said
of every case that ever was decided by a court
in which more reasons than one were given
for the decision. You may turn it right around.
Take, for instance, the case from the Sena-
tor's own State where we may see the value
of the Senator's criticism on that subject:
The relator and defendant were opposing
candidates for sheriff of J efferson county. The
defendant received a majority of the votes,
and was commissioned. A quo warranto was
issued to oust him and give the office to Off
on the ground that the defendant when elected
"was not, nor hath he ever been, and is not
now, a citizen of the United States," and that,
consequently, the votes cast for him should
be disregarded and Off declared elected.
What did the court say? The court held,
first, that Smith was ineligible, but, in the
second place, that did not elect Off. What in
the world do you want more than that ? Is that
a case of obiter ? If they held that Smith was
eligible, you might have said there was no neces-
sity to go any further. There was no neces-
sity then to decide that the minority man was
not elected ; but when they decided that Smith,
the commissioned man, was ineligible, then
they were obliged by the quo warranto to
decide whether the relator was entitled to the
office, and the court held that he was not.
Was that obiter ? They could not decide the
case without deciding it; it was the very point
in the case; it was the very ground and the
only ground of the decision, and you call that
obiter, and in that case, which is later than
the State vs. Giles, the court affirmed the
decision in the State vs. Giles.
But, again, let us see what the State vs.
Giles was. In that case, which was also a
quo warranto, Giles was elected sheriff of
i)ane county. His election was contested on
the ground that he was ineligible, being at and
having been lor some time before his election,
sheriff of the same county. And the relator
claimed the office on the ground that the votes
given for Giles ought not to be counted,
because under the constitution of Wisconsin a
man could not be elected to tbe office of sheriff
twice in succession. What did the court say?
The court held, first, that Giles was not ineligi-
ble ; and my friend says that disposes of the
case, and therefore, that disposing of the case,
what they said about the relator not being
elected was obiter. Now,' suppose the court
had turned right around and begun at the
other end, and said first that, this man being
ineligible, Dunning, the majority man, is not
elected. If they had said that the Senator
might just as well have said that the court was
under no necessity to decide that Giles was
eligible, and that all they said about that waa
obiter dictum. That is all there is of it.
Either one of these decisions made it unne-
cessary to decide the other point, for either
point being decided in favor of the incumbent,
the quo warranto had to be dismissed, and you
may just as well say that one point was obiter
as that the other point was obiter. It is simply a
case of there being two good reasons, each one
of them being sufficient, for the judgment; and
you cannot say in such a case that either one
was obiter. If either one of them decides the
ease it is not obiter. If either one of a dozen
points will decide a case you cannot say that
any one of them is obiter, for the opinion of
no point which of itself is decisive of the case
is obiter; and if there area dozen points, each
one of which would decide the case, there is
no obiter dictum.
I have shown what the decision in the Sen-
ator's o^n State was. _ Now let us look at the
other cases that are cited in the report of the
committee: first, the State vs. Anderson, 1
Coxe. I cite this because it is an old cose,
1795, two years after the Gallatin ease in the
Senate. My friend from Wisconsin said that
the court in that case only decided that in the
exercise of their discretion they would not
turn Anderson out of office. It is not so at
all. The court delivered a solemn judgment
in the case, and they never could have come
to the exercise of that discretion unless they
had arrived at that judgment. They had to
come to that judgment before they could ever
take into consideration the question whether
they would exercise discretion or not; for if
Anderson bad an indefeasible right to the
office, then there was no case for the exercise
of discretion; and it was only, therefore, by
