1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Walden, Waldron, "Wallace, Wheeler, Willard, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Archer,
Banks, Barber, Barnum, Barry, Biggs, Boles, Bur-
dett, Bonjamin I1. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Car-
roll, William T. Clarke, Coghlan. Conner, Cox, Do
Large Dickey, Dox, Elliott, Farwell, Forker, Charles
Foster, Frye, Garrett, Hale, Halsey, Hancock, Har-
mer. Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Killingor, Kin-
sella, Lansing, Leaeh, Lowe, Lynch, McICinney,
Merriek, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Negley, Pendle-
ton, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Randall, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Sessions, Shanks, Slater,
Sloeum, Worthington 0. Smith, Stevenson, Stowell,
St. John, Swann, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Tut-
hill, Voorbees, Wakeman, Walls, Warren, Williams
of New York, and Young—70.
So the motion was agreed to.
leavjs op absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Stokm for one week from Mon-
day next; to Mr. Ritchie, for one week from
Monday next; to Mr. Davis, for five days from
Monday next; and to Mr. Rogers indefinitely.
f. e. gaknbtt.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
F. E. Garnett,
texas contested election.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House, papers in the coutested-
eleetion case of Whitmore against Herndon,
from the first congressional district of Texas.
session foit debate.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
there will be session to-morrow as in Com-
mittee of the Whole for debate only, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
order of business.
Mr. PERCE. Before moving to go into
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, I move by unanimous con-
sent that the time for general debate be ex-
tended to an hour and a half.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. P10RCE. T move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
seventy-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. FARNSWOllTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. PERCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Perce and
Mr. Faunswoktii were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 40, noes 70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question Was taken on Mr. Perce's
motion to go into Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 59,
not voting 74 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Beek.Bell. Jamos
G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M.Brooks, James
Brooks, Buffinton, Caldwell, Campbell, Cobb, Co-
burn, Comingo, Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Crossland,
Davis, Du Boso, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eldredge,
Ely, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Gotz, Golladay, Grif-
fith, Haldeman, Hale, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hays,
Horclord, Herndon, Hibbard, Hooper, Houghton,
Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, McCrary, MeGrew,
Mollenry, Mclntyre, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan,
Morphis, Nib lack, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Platfc,
Porter, Potter, Price, Raines Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood, Slater, Sioss,
H. Boardman Smith, It. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Speer, Sutherland, Sypher, Terry, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twich-
ell, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman,
Walden, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteloy, Whittliorne,
and Wood—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Buckley, Burehard,
Coglilan, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Donnan. frames,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Havens, Hawloy, Gerry W.
Hazelton, llolman, Kciley, Keteham, Lamport,Mc-
Cormick, McJunkin, Mercur, Memam, .Monroe,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Poters, Poland,
Prindle, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, John A. Smith,
Sprague. Starkweather, Storm, Stoughton, Strong.
Upson, Waldron, Wallac«, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, and John T. Wilson—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Archer,
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair,
Boles, Burdett. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Carroll, Freeman Clarke, William T. Clarke,
Conner, Cox, Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Diekey,Dox,
Elliott, Farwell, Forker, Garfield, Halsey, Hamble-
ton, Ilarmer, Hay, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lamison. Lansing, Lowe,
Lynch, McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Pcndloton, Randall, William R. Roberts, Rogers,
Sessions, Shober, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Stevens, Stevenson, Stowell, St.
John, Swann, Taffe, Tulbill, Tyner, Voorhees,
Walls, Warren, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, Winchester, and Young—74.
So the motion was agreed to.
william and malty college.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Com mittee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, (Mr. L. Myers in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 1338) to reimburse the College of William
and Mary for property destroyed during the
war of the rebellion.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is lim-
ited to an hour and a half. The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Blair] is entitled to the
floor for one hour.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield for ten
minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Strong.]
Mr. STRONG. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that this bill deserves very serious and
careful consideration, because not only does it
involve the not very small sum of $65,000, but
it involves considerations which will seriously
affect the public Treasury if it is favorably
acted upon by Congress. The enthusiasm
produced by the eloquent speech of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is not
perhaps best calculated to insure a cool con-
sideration and a deliberate judgment upon
the matter in hand. I fully indorse his glow-
ing eulogium on the patriots of the Revolution
and the distinguished men of the early days
of the Republic who were educated in the
College of William and Mary or officially con-
nected therewith—the Father of his Country,
the author of the Declaration of Independence,
the great Chief Justice Marshall, Randolph,
Monroe, and others. They lived and died
patriots, and we all honor and revere their
exalted patriotism. But, sir, with all due
respect for my eloquent friend, I am com-
pelled to say that this has little to do with the
question before us. Let us come down to a
recent period and inquire what has been the
late history of the institution to which we are
asked to make this donation.
Sir, while I most heartily concur in all that
has been said by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts in praise of the early history of this
college, I insist that its recent anuals should
have a much more important bearing upon
our action in deciding the fate of this bill. On
the 17th day of April, 1861, the State of Vir-
ginia voted to secede from the Union. The
report of the committee says that early in
May of that year the doors of William and
Mary were closed, and that far the following
year her buildings remained unoccupied save
for barracks and other military purposes. Bar-
racks for whom ? For the confederates, sir,
as we did not take possession of Williams-
burg until the spring of 18G2. A few days
after the secession ordinance passed, General
Ewell, then and now president of this institu-
tion, enlisted under the confederate banner,
and served under it during the whole war as
adjutant general of General Joseph E. John-
ston, Not only did president Ewell serve
through the war as a confederate adjutant
general, but the professors and managers of
the institution were during all that gloomy
period in full sympathy and harmony with the
views of the South. The students who had
been trained there were among the first to go
into the confederate ranks. Therefore, when
our committee tell us, the doors of the insti-
tution were closed by the exigencies of war,
they mean, I suppose, to say that the doors
were closed to enable president, managers,
and studeuts to take part against our Govern-
ment and to strike at the old flag.
That, sir, was the history of this institution
at the time the rebellion was inaugurated. It
was consecrated to the cause of secession and
rebellion by its authorities, and for a year the
confederates used its buildings for barracks
and other purposes. On the 9th day of May,
1862, the Union Army took possession of the
Peninsula under General McClellan, and con-
tinued to occupy it from that time forward
until the close of the war, with occasional
interruption by raids of confederate cavalry.
And on the very day when this institution was
destroyed a raid was made f\nd this property
was taken possession of by the confederates,
and held for two or three hours until driven
out by our forces.
The report of the committee finds, sir, that
there is no claim in this case against our Gov-
ernment just, legal, or equitable. It says there
is none except upon the charity of Congress.
Ah, sir, the memorialists appeal to the charily
of Congress! Can we entertain such an appeal
from such a rebellious source? It is agreed
that these buildings were not destroyed by
order of any Union commander. They were
not destroyed by any military order. They
were burned by a band of stragglers; the
report says " Union stragglers." Now, sir, is
there any precedent in history—and the learned
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
has conned over the history of this and of
other nations—and I ask him, is there any pre-
cedent for repaying or repairing damage dono
to an institution under circumstances similar
to those which exist in this case?
Sir, shall we repay the damage done by
" straggling soldiers," not only acting without
authority, but against positive orders? Shall
we pay for destruction committed by the rabble
which.followed the Union Army? The com-
mittee in their report say that soldiers of the
Union Army, contrary to the order of their
commanding officer, set fire to and burned
down this institution; that they were impelled
to do it by a feeling of revenge inspired by the
attack which had been made upon them that
day by the confederates, and that they were
further excited by the use of intoxicating
liquors. Is it not more probable, sir, that the
fire was set by bummers and disorderly per-
sons hanging around the Union camp ? I would
not believe that these buildings were ignited by
any of our soldiers except upon the clearest evi-
dence. But if the report is true, the burning
was simply an act of lawless violence. Can
we afford to pay in such cases?
Mr. PLATT. Will the gentleman permit
me to correct his statement?
Mr. STRONG. I do not yield. I beg not
to be interrupted when I have only ten min-
utes in which to address the committee. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt] will
have his opportunity hereafter.
Our commanders were distinctly enjoined
not to destroy institutions of this character,
as will appear by the following extracts from
General Order No. 100, Adjutant General's
officc, section two, paragraphs thirty-fear to
thirty-six:
" 34. As a general rule, the property belonging to
churches, to hospitals, or other establishments of an
exclusively charitable character, to establishments
ot education or foundations for tho promotion of
knowledge, whether public schools, utivcrsities,
academies oflearning, or observatories,"museumsof
the fine arts, or cf a scientific character,' such prop-
erty is not to be considerod public property in the
