1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
sense of paragraph thirty-one; bat it may be taxed
or used wlion the public service may require it.
"35. Classical works of art, libraries, scientific
collections, or precious instruments, such as astro-
nomical telescopes, aa well as hospitals, must be
secured against all avoidable injury, even when they
are contained in fortified places while besieged or
bombarded.
"36. If such works of art, libraries, collections, or
instruments belonging to a hostile nation or Gov-
ernment can be removed without injury, the ruler
of the conquering State or nation may order them
to be seized and removed for the benefit of the said
nation. The ultimate ownership is to be settled by
the enduring treaty of peace. In no case shall they
be sold or given away, if captured by the armies of
the United States, nor shall they ever be privately
appropriated or wantonly destroyed or injured."
The general commanding at Williamsburg
promulgated these orders, and the property
was destroyed in violation thereof.
Now a word or two concerning the prece-
dents cited by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoar] to show that property of
institutions of learning has always been re-
spected and preserved by military forces. I
admit the law, but I deny that it has any appli-
cability to the case now under consideration.
He cites the case of Tryon when he invaded
Connecticut and spared Yale college. Sir,
he might well have spared Yale; he was only
obeying the law of nations. But suppose her
buildings had been destroyed by a straggling
band of British soldiers, whose minds had
been inflamed by intoxicating drinks and by
the abuse they had received that very day at
the hands of our troops, does the gentleman
suppose for a moment that the British Govern-
ment would have rebuilt Yale?
Mr. HOAR. Let me say to the gentle-
man  
Mr. STRONG. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman for I have no time.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman asked me a
question, I thought, and I want to answer it.
Mr. STRONG. The gentleman can get the
floor when he pleases, and he can answer my
question after I am through. That case of
Yale college, as I have supposed it, would
have been a parallel to this, and not the in-
stance the gentleman cites.
The gentleman also says that this very insti-
tution was repaired by the French Govern-
ment on account of damages done to it by
unauthorized violence of the French soldiers
who were in sympathy with us during the Revo-
lution, and he asks if we shall do less than
the French monarch did to repair the damage
done to William and Mary. Why, sir, that
institution, as the gentleman says, was in that
day a patriotic institution ; as he eloquently
says, it was an institution where were taught
the great principles on which the rights of
man depend, and which inspired the statesmen
of Virginia during the period of the Revolution.
It was an institution that was in sympathy with
us, and in sympathy with the cause which the
French Government then espoused. That is
why the king of the French repaired the
damage done. It is not a parallel case to
this at all.
Again, the gentleman says that Princeton
college was repaired by George Washington ;
that he made a donation from his own funds
to Princeton for damages that were done be-
cause he was compelled to fire a cannon shot
through one of the buildings in order to take
them away from the British forces, in whose
possession they then were. Princeton was a
patriotic institution, and well might its injury
be repaired.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STRONG. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blair] to yield me a little
more time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have promised
to other gentlemen about all of my time that I
can spare.
Mr. STRONG. Let rac have five minutes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Very well.
Mr. STRONG. I thank the gentleman for
his courtesy. I cannot review the various
points made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] in his eloquent argument
in favor of this. bill. But I submit to every
member of this House that if they will care-
fully review it, they will find that no one case
that he has cited is parallel to this.
We are asked to pay William and Mary col-
lege $65,000 as an act of national charity, to
pay that sum to an institution which incul-
cated the principles of secession, and which
did more than  ny other institution in the coun-
try to plunge us into the wicked war of the
rebellion. We are askedas an act of national
charity to repair the devastation of war which
that institution invoked upon itself and upon
the people of that section of country where it
was located. Can we do it? What has been
the history of the institution since the war of
the rebellion ended? The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] and our friends on
this side of the House failed to tell us anything
about the loyalty of its managers to-day. I
was struck with rather a singular remark made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Storm.] He says:
"The gentleman from Massachusetts has been anx-
ious to bring this college within loyal ground. It
makes no difference to me whether it be established
in this debate that this institution happened to be
within ' loyal' territory or whether it was not, I
shall not vote for the bill." * * «. «
" If it was loyal, then I vote to compensate it for
the property that was destroyed, and thus reward
its loyalty; and if it was not loyal, I shall neverthe-
less vote for it upon the principles stated in the
report of President Eweil, that I may make it loyal
if it is not now."
Ah, sir, ho would purchase loyalty. It is
conceded that this institution was disloyal.
Has it done any works '' meet for repentance ?''
Has there been anything in its history since
the war which has not shown it still to be a
nursery of treason and rebellion? But the
gentleman says he would give it $65,000 to make
it loyal. Is he quite sure that when he has paid
his price he will get the commodity which he
seeks to buy?
Sir, when this House had under consider-
ation a fortnight ago the bill reported by the
Committee on Education and Labor to pro-
mote education all over the country—a bill
particularly designed to benefit the poor peo-
ple of the whole country by distributing
equally among the States according to their
population the proceeds of the public lands,
to be devoted to education by extending and
enlarging the common-school system—I re-
member when that bill was finally put upon its
passage only eleven out of the one hundred and
three Democratic members were found ready
to vote for it and give the proceeds of the public
lands for the purposes of general education.
The Democratic representation on this floor,
with eleven honorable exceptions, voted "no."
But we find them all voting solidly in behalf
of this treasonable institution. They are in
favor of giving $65,000 to an institution that
has for years inculcated nothing but treason,
while they are opposed to giving anything to
rebuild the school-houses and other institu-
tions destroyed by our Army in its march,
some necessarily, and some wantonly, perhaps.
They go solidly for rebuilding this old aristo-
cratic institution, and do not care whether it
is loyal or disloyal; but they oppose every
proposition to give anything for the purpose
of extending the blessings of the common-
school system to the poor as well as the rich.
The poor loyal Unionists of the South, whose
property was destroyed during the rebellion,
can get no compensation; for you know the
rale is that we cannot consider such claims.
Yet out of the Treasury, so nearly empty, it is
proposed to take $65,000, and by this expend-
iture establish a precedent which, if carried
out, will take hundreds of millions more.
I cannot give my vote for such an unreason-
able proposition.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Chairman,
I have had no disposition to antagonize the
Committee on Education and Labor upon the
bills they have introduced or may introduce
into this House. I should be exceedingly glad
to agree with them; and I will not yield to
them at all in my desire to promote the inter-
ests of education in this country, whether in
common schools or in colleges and univer-
sities. But, sir, when that committee brings
before the House a claim, (and this is nothing
but a claim,) I feel compelled by the position
which has been assigned me here as in some
sort the organ of the House to resist unfounded
claims, to defend the Treasury of the United
States against demands which law and justice,
I think, will not recognize, to oppose the bill
of the committee.
The Committee on Education bring this
measure here as a measure of grace, of gen-
erosity. They appeal to the House and to Con-
gress that we shall give the William and Mary
college $(35,000 as a generous 'contribution to
that institution; and to quicken our gener-
osity, our good feeling and sympathy toward
this institution, we are treated to a history of
its foundation, and we are shown what it did
long years ago. But I marked, as the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Strong] did,
that gentlemen advocating this bill told the
history of the institution only up to a certain
pomt. They told us that it was founded by
William and Mary; that it gave us Jeffer-
son and Washington and some others in the
time long past. But in the time of the great
struggle of this country, not for education
alone, but for everything we had—the Union
and the Government itself—where was Wil-
liam and Mary college then? The committee
did not tell us. I give them credit for their
modesty. It would not have looked well, I
fear, in the report if they had told us just what
this institution did preparatory to and during
the war.
Let me criticise for a moment or two what
has been stated by the committee in the report.
They say thatsoinedisorderly, drunken soldiers
burned this building. Ah, sir, but they were
soldiers of the Union, and they carried the flag of
the Union, and they were battling for its exist-
ence. I think the committee might have spared
hard words iu this report; they might have
spared this fling at the Union soldiers, while-
awarding all proper credit to William and Mary
college for what she did. But, sir, I do not
design to criticise too sharply in this direction,
but I think of one thing more in this connec-
tion. If William and Mary college gave us
Washington and Jefferson, did not Virginia
first give them to us, and, sir, when Virginia,
"the mother of States," seceded, trampled
upon the flag of this Union, the nation was
obliged to muster the mightiest armies that had
ever trod the continent and strike straight at
the heart of old Virginia ; and they laid her
low in the dust bleeding at every pore. They
trampled her fields with their marching squad-
rons, and the plow of destruction went over her
beautiful places. Will the committee tell us to
repair all these injuries now for the good Vir-
ginia did in the past? I am ready to say that
I will do all that I can for Virginia, but I must
remember that the Union itself has some rights,
and that in doing it we must not establish rules
we cannot abide by hereafter.
Now, sir, this bill seeks to strike down the
main defense of the Treasury, that broad
principle that the devastation and the waste of
war is not.to be paid for. That doctrine has
been well established, and in my committee
we are ruling Out claims every day upon this
principle; and I must say, also, that if the
House are ready to say that we are wrong, jf
they are ready to pass a measure like this, if
they tell us that we must pay for whatever
waste and destruction we have made, then,
sir, they must get ready for such a_ deluge of
bills as will shake the very foundation of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Yes; if it is a
single question.
