1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
Union? It was a right almost vital to the
existence of a State; a right guarantied by
the Ordinance of 1787; a right to employ the
sovereign power of taxation over the soil its
laws protected ; a right to resort for its neces-
sary revenues to the owners of that soil, the
men in an infant agricultural community, of
all others best able to bear the burdens of
Government as they share in largest degree in
its benefits.
At that time, sir, there was neither com-
merce nor manufactures in the country. The
State was mostly covered by heavy forests.
Much of it was fiat and marshy. Not only
was the forest growth to be removed, but
costly drainage to be accomplished before the
country was lit for cultivation and habitancy.
This was fifty-six years ago, when for the
paltry concessions made of uninviting lands,
held at ยง1 25 per acre, for education, for the
seat of government, for the use of certain
salt springs, and the promise of a road, the
people agreed to give up the taxing power for
the period of five years on nearly all the lands
in the Territory, and at a time, too, when they
most needed to employ it.
You must not forget, sir, that the same es-
sential political machinery is as necessary for
a young as an old State. The State must
have its Governor, its Legislative Assembly,
and its courts. The counties and townships
must have their proper officers, the same
classes, indeed, that obtain in the old States.
And all of these officers in the different de-
partments, in the State, in the counties, and
townships must, be paid, and they can be paid
only through taxation. Where are the taxes
to come from? For five years after the sale
every foot of the public lands is protected
from taxation, and protected by reason of
this compact. The whole weight of taxation
must fall mainly upon personal property, upon
stock and crops, upon the merchant's goods,
upon particular classes of business, and upon
the polls of the inhabitants. The poor man
must pay as high a poll-tax as the wealthy land-
owner. I speak as a witness, for I have seen
and felt the injustice of this exemption. For
years I saw farm after farm opened, from which
valuable crops were taken, while the owners
who were best qualified to bear the burdens
of taxation weie protected under this compact.
But I ain wandering from the point I wanted
to bring before the Senate, and that is, what
Congress committed itself to do in considera-
tion of this exemption. That was, as I have
said, to reserve five per cent., not of the gross
proceeds of the sales, bnt of their net pro-
ceeds, after all items of expense in extinguish-
ing the Indian title for their survey and sale
were deducted to make roads and canals.
Three fifths of this sum was to be applied to
these objects within the State. This part of
the compact has been performed. But two
fifths of this sum, or what is popularly known
as the two per cent, fund, was reserved and
was to be applied by Congress in making a
road or roads to the State. Herein the
compact differs from that made with Ohio.
In her case Congress was to make the road
not only to but through the State. Now, as
Indiana joins Ohio, it will be seen that the cov-
enant with the latter State could not be kept
without building a road to the Indiana line;
and thus Congress stipulated to do nothing
more for Indiana than it had already bound
itself to do for Ohio. It was in reality a
double covenant made with the two States,
for which double compensation was exacted
for doing the same thing.
Bat passing over this point for the time being,
I pause, Mr. President, to ask who was to be
most benefited by such roads leading to the
States as was here stipulated for? Was it the
General Government or_ the people of the
young States? At that time the public lands
were looked to as a means of revenue much
more than now. Then as now we had a tariff.
The customs duties were then as now the prin-
cipal source of revenue, but the proportions of
the yield from duties on foreign goods and from
the sales of the public lands were widely dif-
ferent from their present relations. In 1815
we collected in duties $7,282,942, while the
public lands yielded ยง1,287,959. Last year we
collected from customs duties $200,000,000,
while our cash sales of lands were $1,244,-
68:3 77, or less than one and a quarter mil-
lion dollars.
When Congress passed this enabling act and
imposed this hard condition, its purpose was
evident; it was to create a motive or induce-
ment for people to buy its lands. Here was a
1 onn of investment in which capital was secure
from the tax-gatherer for five years. It was
an open, public invitation to men of money to
invest their means, with the certain assurance
that whether they bought in small or large
quantities their lands should be shielded from
taxation in any form for such a period of time
that they could realize a handsome profit in
the demand that would spring up for their
lands before the five years expired.
But suppose a broader view influenced Con-
gress, that of promoting the actual settlement
of the country, the profit still inured to the
Government. Need I say, sir, that the Gov-
ernment is a gainer whenever the bold pioneer
pushes forward into the wilderness and sub-
dues the soil and brings it under his dominion?
Every new farm is a contribution to the na-
tional wealth and to the national strength.
Whether the settler be an immigrant irom
abroad, or has given place to one in his inarch
to the West, the result, is the same. His family
in the consumption of foreign goods helps to
pay the revenues, while his surplus products
go to swell the animal exports. But more
than all this, and far above these narrow con-
siderations, the settler has become an inde-
pendent freeholder, with a bit of ground he ean
call his own, and with a sense he is part of the
great body-politic, having a common interest
iu its prosperity and glory. Is this nothing?
It is the crowning glory of our country, sir,
that man may here attain the full measure of
his manhood in that sense of independence,
of just pride, which flows from being a free-
holder and mingling freely and upon equality
with his fellow-men in the management of pub-
lie affairs.
When Congress, therefore, at the expense
of the people of the territory, provided this
powerful inducement, it was legislating in the
interest of the whole country; it, was adopt-
ing the best method to sell the public lands
and to promote the population and wealth of
the whole country; it was opening up new
fields of enterprise and reclaiming to the use
of man what was wild, unproductive, and use-
less. Withontdemandingany such exemption,
how wise it would have been to second the
enterprise of the pioneer iu devoting a part
of the money he paid for his land, far remote
from settlements, mills, schools, and churches,
without roads or bridges, in furnishing him
some of these facilities.
We are wiser now than then. The whole
country has come to recognize the fact that in
giving a homestead to the actual settler we get
in return more than we give. Nay, sir, we do
notstopwith bestowing homesteads. Wa spend
millions in improving the navigation of our
rivers, in building wagon-roads, and opening
up great national thoroughfares, penetrating
vast and silent regions, with the view of pro-
moting emigration and the early settlement of
countries now waste and unproductive. We open
a pathway to the settler: we make roads to the
country where immigration tends; we recog-
nize the duty of Government to aid him in
every legitimate way rather than put burdens
on his shoulders.
Sir, the warmest sympathies of my heart go
with the adventurous pioneer of civilization
who plants his home in the remote wilderness
or far out upon the prairie. J see his cabin
on the edge of the grove, an illimitable sea
of verdure spreading around him. Look far
and near and you see the smoke of no other
chimney. But I know that others will follow
him, and soon there will spring up a settle-
ment there, the nucleus of a county. I know he
lias carried with him his language and religion,
his love of country and the knowledge and arts
that will soon convert the waste places into
fruitful fields. I know that churches and
schools will soon be planted there; that by and
by a new State from these feeble beginnings
will seek admission into the Uuion ; that a
new and bright star will ere long be added to
our flag, never to be blotted out.
Js it not our daily theme pf pride and satis-
faction that this nation has grown so rapidly
in numbers and expanded over and subdued
such a wonderful extent of country; that the
people have not stayed their progress until,
having traversed fifty-eight parallels of longi-
tude, they stand upon the borders of that ocean
which separates them from the cradle of the
human race? But this has been accomplished
under a system wiser than that which obtained
when Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois came into
the Union.
In the light of our later experience and more
beneficent legislation, I now come, Mr. Presi-
dent, to ask the Senate to give me its atten-
tion to what are the rights of Indiana under
the compact I have stated. Beginning with
1848, when a territorial government was pro-
vided for Oregon, and following the course
of legislation down to the present time, I find
that every new State since that year has re-
ceived the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
in every township for purposes of education.
Indiana received but half that quantity.
Beginning with the year 1835, when Mich-
igan and Arkansas came into the Union hand
in hand, 1 find that the settled policy has been
to give each new State the five per cent, pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands within
its limits, to be expended by itself, and that
no such cruel exaction has been made that
for this privilege the public lands when sold
should remain untaxable. For thirty-six years
past no such condition has been imposed.
Michigan and Arkansas, Iowa and Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Kansas, Nevada, and Nebraska
are here in this Chamber by their honored
representatives to challenge this statement if
it be not true. They are ehildivn of the Union
of later birth, and have been more fundly
endowed. I appeal to them to-day to give me
generous support iu the claims I urge. I
repeat, you have got your fiv? per cent., while
Indiana has got but throe per cent. You
have made no surrender of your right to tax
the public lands when sold, while Indiana
was retarded in her growth, and cramped finan-
cially because of this surrender.
But do you say that we have what you did
not: the promise of Congress to build a road
to the State ; a promise which I shall presently
show was never performed? I answer, you
have got what is far better than such a stipula-
tion. You have got the benefit of the road,
such as it is, without paying anything for it.
You have received ampler donations of the
public lands, not only in the interest of edu-
cation, but for internal improvements.
Acref.
Up to 1870 Wisconsin received in donations
of the pubiic binds  7,403,637
Iovro  7,002,075
Minnesota  7,08i,757
Oregon    5,741,860
Michigan.... 13,4d7,00o
Yet Indiana, whose population exceeds that
of any of these five Slates, has received but a
fraction over ihree and a half million acres ;
less than one fourth of fortunate Michigan;
half only of what Wisconsin, Iowa, and Min-
nesota have received. I have in this statement
included only such lands as have been patented,
to these States, and not the millions promised
in railroad grants, which, sooner or later, will
be called for.
I utter, no words of complaint for this
