2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
inequality, though none of these States ex-
perienced half the obstacles in their settlement
that was the fate of Indiana. I allude to these
facts only to show that the representatives of
these States on this floor can well afford to do
justice by their older but less fortunate sisters.
Mr. President, I have come nowtothepoint
to which all I have said tends, or rather was
necessary by way of preface. I wish to estab-
lish the single proposition that Congress has
not executed its part of the compact with Indi-
ana, and should in justice compel an account-
ingforthistwo percent, fund. If the promised
road has not been built, then the case is clear.
If the work was begun and abandoned, then it
is equally clear. If the road was even built,
and then surrendered by Congress to the sev-
eral States through which it passed, to be con-
verted by them into toll-roads, in which the peo-
ple of Indiana must pay tribute every twenty
miles, then the promise was not kept substan-
tially, for it ceased to be a free highway.
If Congress stipulated to do nothing more
for Indiana than it had covenanted already
with Ohio to do, then it obtained something
for nothing. It has retained onr two per
cent, fordoing what the United States were
already bound to do without any fresh stipu-
laiion. if beyond all this I shall show that
in 1857 Congress recognized its obligation to
settle with Indiana this two per cent, claim,
then I have demonstrated that this law should
pass; for the pending measure has for its
single purpose the removal of that ambiguity
which has produced conflicting opinions from
two Attorneys General,
Inverting the reasons, I will first take up
and analyze the act of Congress passed m
1857. it is as follows :
An act to settle certain accounts between the Uni-
ted States and the State of Mississippi, and other
States.
Be it enacted, &c., That the Commissioner of the
(xeneral Land Office be, and he is hereby, required
to state an account between the United States and
the State of Mibsissippi, fur the purpose of ascer-
taining what sum or sums of money are due to said
State, heretofore unsettled on account of the public
lands in said State, and upon the same principles of
allowance and settlement as prescribed in the act
to settle certain accounts between the United States
and the State of Alabama, approved March 2, 1855,
and that he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians within the
limits* of Mississippi, and allow and pay to the said
State five per cent, thereon, as in case of other
sales, estimating the lands at the value of $1 25 per
acre.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Commissioner shall also state an account between
the United States and each of theother States upon
the same principles, and shall allow and pay to each
State such amount as shall thus bo found due, es-
timating all lands and permanent reservations at
$1 25 per acre.
Tbe Alabama act, to which this refers, is as
follows:
An act to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Alabama.
He it enacted, &c., That the Commissioner of tbe
General Land Office be, and he is hereby, required
to state an account betwoen the United States and
the State of Alabama, for the purpose ot ascertain-
ing what sum orsums of money are due to said State,
heretofore unsettled, under the sixth section of the
act of March 2, 1819, lor the admission of Alabama
into the Union ; and that he be required to include
in said account the several reservations under the
various treaties with the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and
Creek Indiaus, within the limits of Alabama, and
allow and pay to the said State live percent, thereon,
as in case of other sales.
These two acts are to be construed together
Indeed the later one, the Mississippi act,
incorporates the former by its reference and
its declaration that the settlement is to be
made upon the same principles prescribed in
the Alabama act.
What, then, did Congress by this law require
the Commissioner to do? He was required to
state an account with Mississippi, and the par-
ties to that accounting were that State and the
United States. The object of that accounting
was to ascertain what sum of money was due
the State and not settled. What was to be the
subject-matter of that accounting? Itwus the
public lauds and her claim under the five per
cent, stipulation in her enabling act, which
was almost identical in language with that of
Indiana.
What rale was to govern the Commissioner
in stating the account? He was "to include
in said account"—I am quoting now the
language of both acts—-"he was to include in
said account the several reservations under
various treaties" with certain Indian tribes;
he was to estimate the lands at $1 25 per acre,
and he was to pay the State five per cent,
thereon as in case of other sales, deducting
what had been already settled. These are
the several provisions of the law. The Mis-
sissippi act contains one rule the Alabama act
did not, that which fixed the rate at which ihe
reservations should be valued. The Missis-
sippi act diiects that not only the permanent
reservations shall be valued at $1 25 per acre,
but that all the lands shall be valued at that
price. This fixed a basis for the computation,
and left out of the account what otherwise
would have been necessary, the ascertainment
of what the lands sold for in point of fact.
Now the second section of this Mississippi
act extends the law to the other States, and
requires an accounting with each of them.
Tins account is to be conducted upon the same
principle as in the caseof Mississippi, and then
follows the direction to the Commissioner, so
clear and explicit that I cannot.see how men
should have differed in its interpretation :
"And shall allow and pay to each State such
amount as shall thus be found due, estimating all
lands and permaneiitreservations at $1 25 per acre."
Is it not clear, sir, that the Commissioner,
in stating the account, was not to limit himself
to the reservations, as some suppose? The
language is he shall estimate all lands and
permanent reservations. No torturing of lan-
guage can make this mean reservations alone.
He could not do his duty under this law with-
out estimating all the public lands in the State
which had been sold, and then adding to these
all permanent reservations.
Hut, it may be asked, why do I make this
claim for Indiana under the second section
of the Mississippi act? I answer, because
Indiana was one of the other States referred
to in the law, one of the four States whose
enabling acts contained similar provisions
with those of. Mississippi, and which had simi-
lar claims with that State for balances due on
this five per cent. fund. The remaining States
were Ohio, Illinois, and Missouri. The pro
vision in the enabling act of Missouri is almost
identical with that of Indiana. That in the
Illinois act differs from it only in allowing
three fifths of the five per cent, to be applied
by the Legislature for the encouragement of
learning. But the stipulations of Congress in
the enabling acts of Indiana, Illinois, and Mis-
souri are identical as to the two per cent., and
that is that it shall be disbursed under the
direction of Congress m making a road lead-
ing to the State. In this respect that of Ohio
differs from all the others, for here, as I have
shown, the compact was to make public roads
from the navigable waters flowing into the
Atlantic, not only to but through the State.
I have said already, and repeat, that the
United States had committed themselves by
solemn covenant with Ohio to do all that the
enabling act of Indiana required them to do.
They could not make a road through Ohio,
leading from the Atlantic, without reaching
the line which separates that State from Indi-
ana. The honest execution of that covenant
with Ohio gave my State a road to her east-
ern line. When, therefore, Congress stipu-
lated in the enabling act of Indiana to make
a road to the State, it only repeated a cove-
nant made fourteen years before, which it was
bound in good faith to execute. But it did
something more. It exacted pay a second
time for doing the same thing.
I have said all that occurs to me in relation
to the construction of this act of 1857 save this:
it is said that provisions were made already in
the preemption law of 1841 for relinquishing
to Alabama and Mississippi the control of the
Government over their two percent fund : but
a careful examination of that law shows that
an important coudiuon was annexed before it
was to go into operation. That condition was
that these States should consent by legislative
acts to the application of the fund to particu-
lar forms of internal improvement specially
described. Whether such consent was ever
given I do not know; whether any money was
paid over, and if so, whclher it was applied
according to agreement, I do not know. That
it had not all been paid; that there were
unsettled accounts growing out of the five
per cent, fund, of which this was part, I
kriow full well, for it is conceded by the very
terms of the law. If Mississippi had got her
two per cent, fund, why did this law of 1857
compel an accounting of the entire five per
cent.? Why was it not limited to the unset-
tled three percent, fund? Why was the act
passed at all if tbe law of 1841 had taken effect
and been executed? If, as has been said, the
purpose of the act of 1857 was to compel an
accounting for the Indian reservations, why did
notthelawsay so? Its language embraces the
publie lands equally with the reservations. So
that, sir, view the law in whatever light you
may, it seems to me but one fair conclusion
can be drawn from it. The Commissioner was
to state the account with Mississippi both for
the public lands sold and the reservations.
And what he was to do for Mississippi he was
also to do for the other States. The same
accounting and the same payment were to be
had.
But, Mr. President, it has been urged, and
the argument will be repeated, that these three
Stales have got the benefit of their two per
cent, fund in what has been done by the Gen-
eral Government in building the Cumberland
road.
I admit, in the beginning, that this work
was begun and prosecuted for a series of
years with direct reference to the stipulations
of these enabling acts. I shall shortly refer
to the different appropriations for this object.
But, sir, in advance, I want to meet the argu-
ment by saying, first, that the road was never
completed; next, that it was abandoned in an
unfinished condition by the General Govern-
ment when more than six million dollars were
required to complete it, and surrendered
to the States through which the completed
portions passed, to be converted by them into
toll-roads ; and lastly, that in 1857 Congress
waived entirely any right of set-olf on account
of the money spent in building the road. As
to Indiana, I have already shown that Con-
gress agreed to do nothing it was not already
bound to do.
And now, sir, I come to sketch as briefly as
possible the history of the Cumberland road.
I do this because what has been done in mak-
ing it is relied on principally for denying to
these States the payment of this fund. If it
shall take Senators back through two genera-
tions and bring them in contact with the men
who occupied these Halls of legislation in the
beginning of the century, I trust the time will
be profitably spent.
I find, in the Annals of Congress, that on
the 17th of December, 1805, Mr. '] L'racy, from
the committee of the Senate to whom had
been referred the compact with Ohio, made an
elaborate report. He first showed the amount
of the lands sold in Ohio down to the 30th of
September, 1805, and estimated the amount due
the State on this two per cent, reservation.
The committee then proceeded to state the
various routes examined, and compared their
distances, beginning for the initial point at Phil-
adelphia, Baltimore, Washington, and Rich-
mond, and running westward to the Ohio.
They say that the mercantile intercourse of
the citizens of Ohio with the Atlantic States
is chiefly with Philadelphia and Baltimore;
and finally they fix upon Cumberland, situate
