296
THE C0NGKE9SI0NAL GLOBE.
January 8,
performed by the weighers, gaugers, and measurers
of merchandise at said port. And the Secretary of
the Treasury shall makesuch regulations as may be
necessary to carry into effect the foregoing provis-
ions.
Sec. 3. That the compensation of the appraiser,
assistant appraisers, and other officers and employes
in the appraisers' department, at the port of New
York, shall hereafter be as follows:
For the appraiser, $10,000 per annum.
For each of the assistant appraisers, $5,000 per
annum.
For each of the examiners, not to exceed $3,000
per annum.
For each of the clerks in said office, who may be
designated chief clerks, not to exceed $2,500 per
annum.
For clerks, verifiers, and samplers, not to exceed
$1,500 per annum to each.
For messenger, $900 per annum.
For openers and packers, tliree dollars per diem:
Provided, That tho assistant appraisers, examiners,
clerks, verifiers, samplers, messengers, and openers
and packers employed in said department shall bo
appointed and their salaries fixed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, on the nomination and recommend-
anon of tho appraiser.
Sec. 4. Thattbecollector at New Yorkshall detail
a storekeeper, and such number of clerks and other
employes as may, by the Secretary of the Treasury,
bo deemed necosary to perform the dury of receiv-
ing packages designated for examination at the public
stores,and of delivering the same after examination
theretrom, and that all suppl es, except stationery
for tho appraisers' department, shall be furnished
by the collector, on monthly estimates submitted by
the appraiser to tho Secretary of the Treasury and
approved by him; and all repairs or alterations
needed in the public srore and appraisers'depart-
ment, at said pert of New York, shall be made on the
recommendation of the appraiser, in such manner as
ihe Secret.! i y of tho Treasury may direct.
Sec. 5. That the salaries of collectors, naval offi-
cers, surveyors, aod other officers and employes in
the districts and ports oi Boston and San Francisco
r-hfill be as follows:
To the collectors of customs at each of said ports,
$10,000 per annum.
To the naval officer and surveyor of each of said
ports, S3,000 per annum.
To the collectors of the ports of Philadelphia, Bal-
timore, and New Orleans, each $3,000 per annum.
To the naval officer and surveyor, each $4,000 per
annum.
To the collectors of the port^ of Cincinnati, Chi-
cago, and St. Louis, each $6,000 per annum.
To the naval officer and surveyor, each $3,000 per
annum.
And there shall be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, at the ports named in this section,
upon the nomination and recommendation of the
collectors and naval officers respectively, such assist-
ants, deputies, clerks, inspectors, and other officers
and einr.loyes, and at such salaries as in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Trea«-urv may be proper.
Sec. 6. That instead of tho officers now employed
at the ports named in the last preceding section for
the appraisement of merchandise, there shall be one
appraiser appointed by the President, by and wirh
the advice and consent of the Senate, lor each of said
ports, whose compensation shall bo tho same as the
deputy collector of that port: that snch a'-sisstant
appraisers, examiners,clerks, verifiers,samplers, and
openers and packers, as may, m the (/pinion of the
Secietary of the Treasury, be needed for the proper
performance of the business of appraisement at each
of said ports, at salaries to be fixed bv him, shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, upon
the nomination of each of said appraisers. The
duties to be performed by the appraisers of the last-
mentioned ports shall be of the same character and
under the same regulations, as far as practicable, as
those in force in the appraisers' department at the
port of New York; that tho salaries of the officers
of customs at the ports and districts not herein
enumerated shall be fixed by the Secretary of the
Tiea&ury, atrates commensurate with thodufiesand
responsibilities devolving upon them, respectively,
in no case to exceed that now received by them from
salaries, perquisites, moieties, and other sources
whatever.
Stcc. 7. That all officers of cuHotns appointed by
and with tho ad\ ice and consent of the Senate shall
be appointed for the term of four 3'ears, and shall
hold their offices respectively until their successors
shall have been appointed and duly qualified; and
such officers shall not be removed duung the term
ot such appointment oxcept tor cause, and the re-
moval or suspension of such officer shall in all other
respccts bo governed by tho act regulating the tenure
of certain civil officers, approved April 5,1S69.^
Skc. 8. That all fines and penalties or forfeitures
and the proceeds of nil condemnations paid to, re-
ceived, or recovered by any collector or other officer
of the United States lor anv violation:- of the cus-
toms revenue laws of the United Stares, under or by
virtue of any seizure, complain?, or proceeding, shall
be paid into tho Treasury of the United States, and
no portion thereof shall be paid or distributed to anv
officer of the United States, except where s« izurc oi'
merchandise attempted to be smuggled n actually
made the officer or officers detecting such Mtmnpt
and making the seizure she'll be entitled to une
fourth of the proceeds thereof, after deducting all
costs and expenses of condemnation and tiio duties
accruing on tho goods to the United States; ;ind
where suchseizure, followed by condemnation,shall
be made mconsequenceof information given by any
person or persons other tfca,n the officer making such
seizure, and where fines, penalties, or forfeitures shall
be collected or recovered as aforesaid, in such cases
the said one fourth of the proceeds aforesaid shall
be equitably distributed between the officers actu-
ally making such seizure and such informer ar in-
formers, under such rules and regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
Sec. 9. That it shall be the duty of every officer and
employe of tho customs revenue service in the Uni-
I ted States, upon detection of any violation of the
i customs laws, forthwith to make complaint thereof
' to the district attorney of the district in which such
fraud shall be committed. Immediately upon the
receipt of such complaint it shall be tho duty of such
district attorney, to cause investigation of the fact3
to be mado before a United States commissioner, and
to initiate proper legal proceedings to recover the
fines and penalties in the premises, and to cause the
arrest of the offender or offenders, and to prosecute
with the utmost diligence and dispatch to final judg-
ment.
Sec. 10. That it shall not be lawful for any officer
of oustoms, special agent, or district attorney to com-
promise or settle any claim of the United States
arising under the customs laws, or relieve from any
fine, penalty, or forfeiture, and any officer or person
who shall so compromise orsettle any such claim, or
relieve from such fine, penalty, or forfeiture.shallbe
guilty of a felony, and, on conviction thereof, shall
suffer imprisonment not exceeding ten and not less
than one year, and be fined not exceeding $10,000:
Provided* however, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in accordance with general regulations, to
be prescribed by him, may remit any fines, pen-
alties, or forfeitures, upon sufficient proof that there
was no intention of fraud or willful neglect upon the
part of such person or persons against whom such
fines, penalties, or forfeitures shall have accrued,
or on the part of his agent or agents.
Sec. 11. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall,
from time to time, make such regulations as he may
deem necessary for the conduct and management of
the bonded warehouses, general-order stores, and
other depositories of the imported merchandise
throughout the United States: all regulations or
orders issued by collectors or eustoms in regard
thereto shall be subject to revision, alteration, or
revocation by him; and no warehouse shall be bonded,
and no general-order .store established without his
authority and approval: anditshall be the duty of
trie Secretary of the Treasury, in granting permits to
establish general-order warehouses, to require such
warehouse or warehouses to belocated contiguous to
or as nearasmay be to the landing-places of steamers
and vessels from foreign ports; and that no officer
of the customs shall have any personal ownership
of, or interest in, any bonded warehouse or general-
order store.
Sec. 12. That publiccartage of merchandise in the
custody of the Government shall be subject to the
regulations ar d approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 13. That all fees collected by officers of cus-
toms in the United States, shall be paid into the
Treasury, and returns shall be made to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury under regulations to be estab-
lished by him.
Sec. 14. That all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
with the provisions ol this act are hereby repealed.
That nothing herein contained shail affect existing
rights, or prevent a distribution, in like manner, as
if this act had not been passed, in all case? where
prosecution has been actually commenced, or inform-
ation given before tho parage of this act. This act
shall take effect July 1.1872.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President,in a discus-
sion of the provisions of this bill I propose to
take up the several points according to their
importance and proper relations, and without
reference to their printed order. The source
from which about two hundred million dollars
is gathered into the Treasury annually is a mat-
ter of grave importance, and fairly demands
the most careful attention from the national
legislature. Toward the close of the last
session of Congress I introduced the bill now
under consideration, hardly expecting there
would be time for action upon it then. In the
mean time I have not wearied of the subject,
and every succeeding inquiry has served to con-
firm me in the views I then expressed, and in
the wisdom of passing this or some equivalent
measure which shall tend to correct abuses,
avoid irregularities, adjust inequalities, sim-
plify complicated machinery, and render some-
what tenable official positions so important.
The Committee on Finance, to which this bill
was referred, have carefully considered every
section, and have unanimously instructed me
to bring it before the Senate, trusting that it
ma3r here also meet with approval Its main
te ttures may be stated in a few words :
1. To change and adjust positions and com-
pensations of the various officials oi" the cus-
toms service. with a vW'to fair remuneration
for 'abor and responsioility.
2. To adopt a uniform system of appraise-
ment of merchandise in all the important ports
of entry.
3. To create a separate department in the
port of New York in which to perform the
duties of weighing, gauging, and measuring.
4. To give the Secretary of the Treasury
supervision of the warehouse and general-order
business, requiring general-order warehouses
to be contiguous to the wharves where goods
are landed, and prohibiting officers of customs
from having an interest in warehouses of any
character whatever.
5. To place the business of the public carting
subject to the order and control of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
6. To protect in office and continue compe-
tent and faithful officials for a given period,
thusremoving them in some measure from the
seductive influence of partisan politics.
Perhaps the most noticeable feature of the
presentsystem is theenormous emoluments of
the collectors, naval officers, and surveyors,and
the peculiar, and, as it seems to me, pernicious
practice by which they are obtained. Nearly
three fourths of the importations of the country
are entered at the port of New York, and in treat-
ing of the practice and eSect there I shall best
present the errors, the abuses, and the wrongs
of the system itself, as the principle involved
applies alike to all other customs districts.
The officers 1 have named receive a certain
fixed salary, and in addition are entitled to
share in the proceeds of all fines, penalties,
and forfeitures imposed and collected in their
several districts. The report of the Secretary
of the Treasury of the 16th day of February,
1871, in response to a resolution of inquiry
passed by the Senate some time previous, pur-
ports to show the net amount paid into the
Treasury from these sources, from the 1st day
of January, 1808, to the 80th day of November,
1870. According to this exhibit, there was
received during this period from the ports of
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
New Chleans, and San Francisco, as the result
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the sum of
$1,163,577 08 j that of this amount the moieties
paid to collectors, naval officers, and survey-
ors, was $124,485 82 to the former, $56,287 21
tonaval officers, and $124,654 29 to surveyors;
making in all $305,427 32.
It appears, however, from careful examina-
tion, that this report does not give the full col-
lections into and distribution in moieties from
the Treasury during that time. The Secretary
says in his explanatory letter that—
" The headings at the top of each page show the
date of themonth m which the money accruing from
the coses therein stated was paid to the collector.
Of course the payment into the Treasury by covering
warrant, alter deduction of expenses. &cM occurred
in each instance some weeks subsequently."
It seems, therefore, that the money received
at the Treasury on this account, from the 1st
of January. 1868, which had been paid to the
collector before that time, but not covered by
warrant until subsequently, was not accounted
for in this report; nor sums which had been
paid to the collector prior to the 80th of No-
vember, 1870, for which warrants had not. been
drawn, it is known that some time previous
to this last date, at tho port oi New York
alone, nearly two hundred thousand dollars
arising from settlements, or upon decree of
court for fraudulent practice m weighing, was
paid to the collector, to be accounted for,
of course, but which does not appear in the
report.
In one case* the court decreed (as under*
f stood by confession of defendants) that there
| should be paid $120,817 C9 in this instance
| the amount paid by the court to the collector, on
j the 19ih day of November, 1870, after deduct-
i| log costs and fees of the district attorney, with
j his commissions, was $117,15') 27. Others
i; of great magnitude, as I am informed, were
* The case of Ezra Wheeler & Co.. for frauds in
weighing, and passing false invoices.
