1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2985
to the executors of the owner, who was burned
with his property and dwelling, April 5, 1870,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No.'1071) for the relief of the heirs
of Wil'ken Biesterfeldt, late of Spitzendorf,
Germany.
The bill was read ana passed to the second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ALCORN, from the select Committee
on the Levees of the Mississippi River, sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
SOLDIERS' BOUNTY ACT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print additional copies of the act in relation
to bounties, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage. I ask for its present consideration.
The resolution was considered, and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That five hundred add itional copies of
the act in relation to bounties, approved April—,
1872, be printed for distribution at the document
room for the use of the Senate.
arizona and nevada reconnoissance.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee
have instructed itie to report on the resolution
to print additional copies of the reconnois-
sance of Nevada and Arizona. We report
hack two resolutions as a substitute, one a
Senate resolution, and one a concurrent reso-
lution.
The first resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That nine hundred and fifty additional
copies of the " Reconnoistance ot Arizona and
Nevada " be printed in Quarto form and bound, four
hundred and fifty copies of which shall be for the
use of the Senate and five hundred for distribution
by the chief of engineers United States Army.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The second resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That four thousand additional
copies of the " Reconnoissance of Arizona and
Nevada" be printed in quarto form and bound, one
thousand copies of which shall be for the use bf the
Senate, twenty-seven hundred and fifty copies for the
use of the House of Representatives, and two hun-
dred and fifty copies for distribution by the chief
of engineers United States Army.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed, to.
smithsonian report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee
have instructed ine to report back the usual
resolution for printing the Smithsonian report.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to. as follows :
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That twelve thousand five hundred additional
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution
tor the year 1871 be printed; twenty-five hundred of
which shall be for the use of the Senate, five thousand
for the use ot the House, and five thousand for the
useof the institution: JPiovided, That the aggregate
number of pages of said report shall not exceed tour
hundred andfifty, and tliatthereshall be no illustra-
tions except those furnished by the Smithsonian
Institution.
iiomeb c. blake.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
952) to advance Captain Homer C. Blake
one grade in the Navy, have instiucted me to
report it back adversely.
Mr. President, this involves a principle
which is of very great importance in the
Navy, which has created a great deal of
interest and I may say apprehension, as
I suppose all the Senators are aware, cer-
tainly those of the Naval Committee are by
the numerous letters we have received, and
by petitions from numerous officers, headed
hy the Admiral. I should like, therefore,
to state the conclusion to which the com-
mittee have arrived on this subject, although,
of course it does not bind the Senate, much
less Congress; but, presuming that the same
reasons which brought the committee to the
conclusion will prevail with the Senate, I beg
leS,ve to state briefly what they are :
1. No promotion should be made out of
the regular course, except for extraordinary
and successful heroism, leading to valuable
results, and then only on the recommendation
of the President of the United States.
2. No officerdismissed the service by sentence
of court-taartial should be restored, except on
the ground that the sentence was unjust, and
on the recommendation of the President of
the United States.
3. No officer dismissed the service or placed
on the retired list on account of the habitual
abuse of spirituous liquors should be restored
to a position where he would be responsible
for the property of the Government, the lives
of officers and seamen, and the honor of the
American flag.
4. The law allowing the advancement of an
officer thirty numbers in his own grade for
extraordinary heroism during the war for the
suppression of tlie rebellion should be repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1065) granting a pension to Charles J.
Hansen ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1066) granting the right of way and lands
in aid of the construction of a canal for irriga-
tion and other purposes in the eounty of El
Dorado, and other counties in the State of
California; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1067) to provide for the creation and regu-
lation of railroad companies in the Territories
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1068) to provide for the appointment of secre-
tary of legation at the Court of Japan, and lor
other purposes; which was read twice^ by its
title, referred to the Committee on horeign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1069) establishing two judicial districts m
the State of Indiana ; which was read twice by-
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1070) for the relief of Commodore
William B. Whiting, United States Navy ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
jkthro wood.
Mr. NYE. I ask that the following order
be made:
Ordered That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
(S. No. 1007) for the relief of the heirs of Jetlno
Wood, the inventor of theuiodcrn plow, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that change
should not be made.
The VICE PRESI DEN T. The Senator from
Wisconsin objects to the change of reference.
Mr. NYE. I am a very innocent instru-
ment in this matter. I was requested to
introduce the order, and submitted it to the
chairman of the Committee on Claims, who
said it was right. 1 do not like to be put in
any fault about it.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is no question
of patent law involved in that case. It should
go to the Committee on Claims. It is a mere
appeal to the generosity of the Government.
That commhtee has jurisdiction over it if any
one has. Certainly the Patent Committee has
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a reso-
lution, and if it gives rise to debate, like other
resolutions it must go on the Calendar and lie
over.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
hayden's geological survey.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed and bound
with maps and other illustrations, twenty-four thou-
sand copies of Professor Hayden's annual report of
the United States geological survey of the Territories
for 1871, fifteen thousand copies of which shall be for
the use of the House of Representatives, five thou-
sand copies for the u&e of the Senate, two thousand
copies for the use of the Secretary of the Interior,
and two thousand copies for distribution by the
Smithsonian Institution.
order oj? business.
Mr. MORTON. I entered a motion yester-
day to reconsider the vote by which the bill
(H. R. No. 1030) to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories was passed.
It is important for several reasons that that
question of reconsideration should be determ-
ined this morning, and as the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Corbett] is paiticularly inter-
ested in it, I ask that that question may be
taken up and disposed of now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Indiana that it can-
not be taken up now, as the bilLJias not yet
been returned from the House of Representa-
tives. The bill must be here when the motion
to reconsider is taken up and acted upon, so
that when taken up it can be laid on the table,
rejected, or passed.
Mr. SCOTT and others rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senate to
take up House bill No. 1194, the benefit of
which accrues to a widow in the settlement
of the accounts of her husband. It is a small
private bill reported by the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the Chair will rec-
ognize the Senator from Pennsylvania.
hour of meeting.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise for the purpose of call-
ing up the resolution fixing the hour of meet-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania has on three different days given
notice of his desire to call up this resolution,
which is to perfect the business of the body,
and of course has priority. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether it is ex-
pedient for us to proceed to that now. I think
it is entirely premature, and I think the Senate
bad much better take up the bill, which is
neatly finished, with regard u> schools in the
District of Columbia, and I will move that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion can nut be amended. It is one ot the
independent motions that must be adopted or
rejected on their own merits.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I hope the Senate
will be good enough to vote down the prop-
osition of mv excellent friend from Pennsyl-
vania on two grounds: first, because it is
premature, precocious, if I may use the ex-
pression ; and. in the second place, because
there is anoiber measure which ia nearly fin-
ished, which it i« much mure important the
Senate should act upon; that is, the^bill: to
secure equal rights m the schools of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I hope my friend will not
interpose any objection to that. Let us take
up that bill and finish it. I hope we can finish
it before one o'clock. The Senator from Dela-
ware has some remarks to make upon it.
