1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
42d Cons....2d
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
Does Abbott come here with the journal show-
ing that he received a majority of the votes?
No. Yet the statute requires that as a muni-
ment of his title. Is there any such thing on
the journal of the senate of North Carolina?
No. Any such thing on the journal of the
house of representatives? No. Any such
thing upon the journal of the joint conven-
tion ? No. In his case not one requisite of
this statute has been complied with. Any
commission issued to him by the Governor?
No. Any certificate to the President of the
Senate that he was elected? No. Then not
one single muniment of title which the statute
requires exists in his favor, and it cannot exist
in his favor under this act, because this act
never contemplated the election of a minority
man. If this act had contemplated the, elec-
tion of a minority man, provision would have
been made for it. It contemplated no such
thing, and it is utterly impossible to execute
the act, upon the theory that a minority man
can be elected. It does seem to me, there-
fore, thatf if this case stood upon the "statute
regulating the election of Senators alone, it
wuuld be entirely conclusive of the case. I
never have seen anything in my life that
seemed to me a more satisfactory demon-
stration than this.
Then, Mr. President, on every ground on
•which you can place the case—upon the Con-
stitution, the interpretation of it given by
Congress, upon the weight of American judi-
cial decision, upon the doctrine that lies at
the foundation of republican institutions, that
a majority shall govern, upon the act of Con-
gress regulating.the election of Senators, upon
each and all of these grounds this claim is
found to have no validity whats'oever.
I thank the Senators who have been kind
enough to listen to me for their attention. I
regret that there were not more of them,
and I leave the case for the decision of the
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. CARPENTER,
of wisconsin,
In the Senate of the United States,
April 12, 1872.
The Senate bavins under consideration the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections relative to the claim of Joseph C. Abbott
to a seat in the Senate from the State of North
Carolina—
Mr. CAEPENTEE said:
Mr. President: Nothing can be more agree-
able to a lawyer than to discuss a complicated
legal question before a judicial court, where
the judges are compelled to listen with patient
mien and fixed attention to the various pro-
positions and details of propositions, connected
like the links of a chain, and constituting an
argument.. A law argument must be dry, and
is generally uninteresting, except to the pro-
fessional mind. It can only be comprehended
by close attention, because if a single step in
the process be lost the whole connection is
broken.
Eloquence has its own opportunities. The
flagging fortitude of a nation .may be revived,
the cooling patriotism of a people may be
warmed, and great national catastrophes may
be averted by harangues and appeals. And
oratory, on occasions, draws upon poetry and
taxes all the fine arts for illustration and orna-
ment. But a law argument, to quote from
Mr. Wirt, should not be adorned from the
millinery of the fancy, should not be decked
with flounces and furbelows, but should be
presented " as naked as asleeping Venus." In
such an argument embellishment is not orna-
ment. Hence, the argument of a mere legal
question in this body is a difficult and thank-
less task. We are so driven with employments,
so engrossed with cares, that it is next to im-
possible for any Senator to listen to a long
argument upon dry questions of law.
We are to consider to-day simply a question
of law, and nothing but a sense of duty can
imprison the Senate long enough to hear all
the points and weigh all the considerations
that should enter into our judgment. And yet
the importance of the case before us for our
decision to-day, a case which will serve as a pre-
cedent for all the future, ought to induce Sen-
ators to make it an exception, and they who
must decide it by their votes ought to give a
patient hearing to all the reasoning upon which
the judgment should rest; though Ivery much
regret that the management of this side of
the case has not fallen to some abler Senator.
Nevertheless, as the duty is cast upon me, I
shall not shrink from its performance.
The Constitution of the United States de-
clares that " each House shall be the judge
of the election returns and qualifications of
its own members." "The judge." That
brief phrase is very significant. We are to
pass on this question as other judges would
pass upon it. We are not here to-day to make
the law; we are not here to inquire what it
would be desirable to have; what the law
ought to be ; we are not considering any ques-
tion of public policy ; we are, not looking to
the interest of any party -, we are not to
inquire what will be the effect upon the coun-
try of a decision of this question one way or
the other ; but we are here exercising this con-
stitutional function to judge of the claim of
Joseph C. Abbott to a seat m this body. This
to-day is a court, and this is our consultation-
room, and we are here to matur&our opinions
and pronounce our judgment.
Discussions in a court of law often lead to the
wildest excitement and intensity of feeling,
but the disputants are fortunately.relieved from
the necessity of passing upon the question to
be decided. They may press one side or the
other of an argument, no matter to what ex-
tent or extreme. The tribunal that is to decide
it is not inflamed by the debate ; its members
have taken no part in it, and by the exercise
of cool judgment the court passes upon the
questions involved. But here we are not only
presenting different views on this question, but
we are to decide it. We are judges; not lawyers,
not partisans, not politicians, but judges ; and
the only object isto communicate to each other
our respective views with that deference which
in a judicial consultation-room always is, and
in this place should be, extended to conflicting,
opinions.
With this estimate of the duty before us,
Mr. President, you may well conceive that I!
was surprised, not to say astonished, at the
remarks submitted to the Senate by my hon-
orable friend from Illinois [Mr. Lo&an] yes-
terday. I shall take care not t.o imitate him
in some particulars. I shall take care not to
pronounce his argument ridiculous, nonsensi-
cal, absurd, or revolutionary. I shall not
attempt to perpetrate any joke at his expense
for the benefit of the galleries. I shall treat
his argument with perfect respect. But, believ-
ing it to be entirely unsound, I shall try to
demonstrate its errors, but I shall do so with
perfect respect to him and to his opinions.
We are here, I have said, sitting judicially
upon this question; we are judges to-day. And
what should a judge be? A great lawyer, now
in his grave, has sketched the character of a
judge in the following beautiful language, and
it cannot be repeated too often:
" He shall know nothing about the parties, every-
thing about the case. He shall do everything for
justice; nothingfor hiraseli; nothing for his friend ;
nothing for his patron: nothing for his sovereign.
If on one side is the executive power and the Legis-
lature and the people—the sources of his honors, Ihe
givers of his daily bread—and on the other an indi-
vidual nameless and odious, his eye is to see neither,
great nor small; attending only to the ' trepidations
of the balance.' If a law is passed by a unanimous
Legislature, clamored lor by the general voice of
the public, and a cause is before him on it. in which
the whole community is on one side and an individ-
ual nameless Or odious on the other, and he believes
it to be against the Constitution, he must so declare
it, or there is no judge. If Athens comes there to
demand that the cup of hemlock be put to the lips
of the wisest of liien ; and he believes that he has
not corrupted the youth, nor omitted to worship the
gods of the city, nor introduced new divinities of his
own, he must deliver him, although the thunder
light on the unterriffed brow."
I can well understand, Mr. President, that
looking simply to the interests of the iiepubli-
can party, it might be as well not to seat Mr.
Abbott. I can understand how clamor and
noise might be raised through the country, and
how our opponents in the next campaign
might perhaps take advantage of it to make
the people believe we had been disregarding
the Constitution and laws of the land ; because
the right of Mr. Abbott depends upon abstruse
questions which are not capable of popular
explanation and cannot be discussed at length
on the stump. But, Mr. President, we have lio
more right to consider the interests of our own
party in his respect than we have to reject a
Democrat who comes here duly elected, and
put a Republican in the seat, because it would
be desirable to swell our majority. We are to
"judge" this case, we are to pass upon it by
the exercise of our honest judgment and opin-
ion, without fear, without partiality, without
favor, without temptation of party interest,
and looking only, to the " trepidation of the
balance."
My honorable friend concluded his very able
speech yesterday by declaring that he always
bowed to" the"'people'; he said that he always
did, and he "trusted he always should. I trust,
not. In bis, Jegislative capacity he will; be-
cause as a politician he represents the people,
and is bound to execute their will and obey
their voice. But when he comes upon the
bench, when he sits in this body to judge a
case either as a member of a court of impeach-
ment, or to try the legal question here involved,
namely, the claim and legal right of Mr. Ab-
bott to a seat here, the voice of the people of
Illinois has no more to do with the question
than the whistling of the wind. It is immate-
rial what his constituents desire; the question
is,, what is the law? And if he disregards his
own convictions and bows to the popular will,
he degrades his office, he draggles his robes in
the dust, and comes short of the duties which
tho Constitution imposes upon him. I know
my friend would not do it. I know there is
not a man in the Republic that, placed on the
bench, would stand up with more firmness
and integrity against outside pressure and
popular clamor in rendering a judicial judg-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
right there? I had no reference to the people
of Illinois, or anybody else, except the people
of North Carolina. C mfeant that I must bow
to the will of that people as expressed in their
Legislature.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well; thatmerely
changes the venue, as we say in court. The
Senator certainly is under no more obligation
to bow to the people of North Carolina than
he is to the people of Illinois. I put the case
for him on the strongest ground it can be put.
If he is bound to bow to anybody it is cer-
tainly to his own constituents, and not to the
people of North Carolina. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, what niay this moment happen to be the
popular sentiment of North Carolina is no
more important than what may happen to be
the sentiment in Canada on this question,
if that Legislature legally conferred on Mr.
Abbott a right to his seat, can we unseat him
because the people of North Carolina do not
now wish him to occupy the place? No mora
