298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
vice. It was a grave crime, punishable with
imprisonment, and it would take no more evi-
dence to convict on a criminal trial, than
to obtain a decree of court that they should
pay this large sum of money, an equal por-
tion of which was to be distributed in moieties.
Yet a nolle prosequi was entered in the crim- i
inal proceedings a few days previous to this ;
large sum of money having been paid over to ;
the collector. Indeed, the report fails to dis-
close that one individual has been convicted,
but it does name twenty or thirty persons who
have never paid anything to the officers of cus-
toms, who are being prosecuted in the criminal ,
courts, but none are yet convicted. I leave
these facts without further comment, to make
their own inevitable suggestions to the minds
of those who are willing to receive the lesson
thus taught.
Section sixteen of the act of July, 1866, pro-
vides—
"That the Secretary of the Treasury shall have
authority to ascertain thefsctsupon all applications
for remission of fines, &c., incurred or accruing un-
der the revenue laws, when the amount in question
does not exceed $1,000* * * * "and
he may remit or mitigate such fines, &c., if in his
opinion the same shall have been incurred without
willful negligence or any intention of fraud."
It is apparent, therefore, that the law enjoins
a s'rict enforcement of the penalties in case of
its violation, even when thereexists no stronger
cause than wiiiful negligence, but where an in-
tention of fraud is manifest, full punishment
must follow. In my judgment, this section
should be amended so that if it be established,
by legal proof, there was neither willful negli-
gence nor intention of fraud, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary to remit whatever fines, penal-
ties, or forfeitures had accrued ; but if either
did exist, the law should be enforced without
power of relief in the hands of any official.
A word more, in reference to the baneful
influence of the customs service upon the sub-
ordinate officers. Upon them greatly the
efficiency of the service and the proper collec-
tion of the revenue depends. They receive the
entiies, attend to the landing of goods, handle
them after being landed, weigh, appraise, and
deliver them to their owners. In fact, the
whole business is largely in the hands of the
many comparatively poorly paid subordinates,
whose terms of service are precarious, to say
the least. The lesson is daily taught by the
practice of their principals that it is admis-
sable to compound felony; that it is common
to corrupt the service. Is it any wonder that
they follow in the footsteps of their official
leaders, and profit by the opportunities of the
hour? We need not further look for a reason
why inspectors pass dutiable goods without
the payment of a penny to the Government;
why weighers return false weights; why entry
clerks require pay for services for which the Gov-
ernment is supposed to compensate them, and
why smugglers go free. "Look at the testimony
of the inspectors who were summoned before
the Retrenchment Committee lastsession, and
it will be seen there wss not one who had not
been in the habit of taking pay from steam-
ship companies, travelers, and merchants for
service which it was his duty as a Government
officer to perform.
A noted divine, in a recent sermon on polit-
ical degeneracy, characterized "every custom-
house in the laud as a bribery shop." This is
strong language. For myself, I know there
are many honorable and upright men in the
customs service, but I also believe the enorm-
ous perquisites of the few have made faulty and
perverse very many; and to this extent, at
least, the •' civil service of the nation is a stand-
ing threat against the liberty of the nation."
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual
report for 180'J, takes the view I have en-
deavmed to pi csent in regard to moieties, in
the following language:
" Under existing laws, certain revenue officers and
other persons appearing as informers are entitled
to share in lines, penalties, and forfeitures?, L)urine t
tile fiscal year I86H)9 the Treasury Department dig- 1
tributed the sum of $286,073 61 to such officers and
informers in the various cases arising under the
customs revenue laws. A large additional sum was
also paid through the Internal Revenue office. The
reason on whioh the laws granting such allowances
are based is that officers of the Governmen tare stim-
ulated to greater activity in the discovery of frauds
and in bringing offenders to punishment. There can
be no doubt that such is the effeot of the policy,- but
the experience I have had in the Treasury Depart-
ment has convinoed me that the evils attending the
system are greater than the benefits derived from it.
It often occurs that revenue officers aro led to assert
claims in behalf of the Government which have no
just foundation in law or in thefaots of the respect-
ive cases; and where real claims exist it is often the
object of the informers and officers who share in the
penalties to misrepresent the case to the Depart-
ment so as to secure the greatest advantage to them-
selves. But a more serious evil is found in the prac-
tice. quite general, of allowing persons to pursue a
fraudulent course until a result is reached which
will inure to the benefit of the officers and inform-
ers, instead of checking criminal practices at the
outset. It is impossible to set forth in exact lan-
guage the character of the evils that grow out of the
present system. Iam, however, clearly of theopin-
ion that the Government ought to rely upon public
officers for the proper performance of their duties,
without stimulating them by any contingent advan-
tages. I have elsewhere recommended an increase
of the salaries of custom-houso officers; and the
abolition of the system of giving to them a share
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures, will be an addi-
tional reason for the increase of salaries in this
department of the public service."
The position that I indicated for myself upon
this important subject more than a year ago
lias the renewed sanction of the Secretary, and
the approval of the President in his recent
message. I thus felicitate myself upon inau-
gurating a plan for reform which, popular with
the people, has also now the support of the
President of the United States.
In this connection I must refer to the abuses
of the special agency system, which has now
become an extensive and expensive br&nch of
the customs service in New York, and, under
its present management, an abuse of authority
and power. As originally contemplated by the
laws, the special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment was a useful officer, attached directly to
the Department at Washington. It was his duty
to proceed to distant points and examine into
specified matters, as the occasion required, and
report to the Secretary. But within a fewyears
these agents, including officers who receive
six, eight, and ten doll-irs per day, have organ-
ized in New York a " Bureau of Professional
Informers," and upon a scale hitherto unpre-
cedented. Their ostensible avocation is to
detect frauds upon the revenue, and violations
of law andregulations, by customs officers. The
service is based upon the theory that the prin-
cipal officers of the customs are so absorbed in
the nourishment of their perquisite accounts
as to neglect their official duties. But it turns
out that this perquisite matter is contagious,
and their interests soon become identical with
those officers whose administration they are
supposed to watch, as illustrated in the present
management at the port of New York. They
receive an ample, fixed salary, and thus ren-
dered comfortable, can devote most of their
time to espionage upon the merchants. The
great power which the act of March 2, 18G7,
permits these men to invoke, by which the ac-
count-books and other records and papers of
any merchant or firm may be seized and indefi-
n itcly detained, renders them a source of dread.
Any commercial house is at their mercy. The
least that can be said is summed up in a reor-
ganization of these agencies, and tlie officers,
if retained, remanded to their original and
proper duties.
I am free to say that persons not in the
Government employ who may be instrumental
in the discovery of violations of revenue law,
and who shall assist in securing to the Gov-
ernment its just dues, should be entitled to
some reward as provided iu this bill. A like
plea may be instituted in behalf of officials
connected with the customs service who make
actual seizures and cause the arrest of crim-
inals. The salaries fixed by this bill are fair.
It cannot be urged that by the increase of
actual salaries the cost of collecting the rev-
enue will be enhanced; the abolition of tha
wide system of moieties will at once doubly
cover the amount of increase.
The next feature of the bill to which I invite
your attention relates to a uniform system of
appraisements and classification of mi'tchandise
at all the principal ports of entry. I need not
enlarge upon this point. Uniformity of practice
in any department of the public set rice must
be admitted as essential to a sound and suc-
cessful administration of its affairs. In ISGtJ,
Congress abolished theold system of appraise-
ment at the port of New Yoik, and provided
for the appointment of one chief appraiser
with assistants, examiners, and other subor-
dinates. Under the regulations since enforced
by the Secretary of the Tieasnry this plan is
found to be greatly superior to the practice
under theold board. In the other ports named
in the bill the old form of organization, to some
extent, still prevails, and great disparity iti the
modes of doing business is the result.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report
of 1869, says:
" It ought to be understood that the chief means
of collecting the revenue and enforcing the revenue
laws must be found in the administration of the
appraisers' department."
There the value of goods is fixed, upon
which duty is to be paid; theie the laws are
construed in reference to the different lates
of duty ; iu a word, there the 'bitnd-itinn is
laid for the entire collections. Simplification
and uniformity are all-important in this branch
of !he customs service. The salines fixed in
the bill, it is believed, are sufficient so induce
competent men to engage in the required
duties, especially if it shall be understood
that they are not to be removed for a given
term except for incompetency or malfeasance
in office.
Another change proposed in the bill for the
port of New York is the establishment of a
separate department for weighing, gauging,
and measuring the kinds and classes of goods
the rates of duty upon which are determined
by these staudards. I am very sure this pro
posed modification is in the direction of reform.
At present there are eighteen or nineteen weigh-
ers. each having charge of a district assigned
to him by the surveyor, and each exercising
the same powers and performing like duties.
The surveyor also has charge of the inspectors,
wiioseduty it is to attend to the discharging of
vessels, the landing, and examination of pas-
sengers, baggage, &c. This of itself is sufficient
to engross the time and attention of the sur-
veyor, if he is such an officer as will attend to
these important duties in person.
The business of weighing, gauging, and
measuring has reached v.tst proportions at the
port of New Yoik, and u seems to me best that
there should be one responr-ible head, as in ttie
appraisers' department. It is geneiaily be-
lieved that great frauds have been commuted
by the weighers, and it is said upon good au;'nor-
ity that merchants are compelled to pay these
officers in order to get their business done
promptly. This being so, it will be seen how
it is that the salary of a weigher—per
annum—does not embrace the whole i iciwie
of the office. Neither is there any divibt that
the cost to the Government of performing this
service is largely in excess of what it ought to
be, and what it would be under the system here
proposed. It will appear by reference to page
102 of the report ot the Retrenchment Com-
mittee, of the 3d of March last, where an ac-
countof weitshingby districts is, given from May
1, I860, to December 31, 1S7<>, that giuat dis-
crepancies exist between the cost of poiform-
ing this service by diffeient weighers in the same
and different districts. The percentage of fees
received by the Government, which it cost to per-
form thisduty, range, according to theabstract,
from twenty toone hundred and ninety per cent.
There can be uosuch variation upon any rs-a-on-
able estimate of the expense of weighing. I am
informed by those who have had experience,
