1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
of right or justice. In fact, sir, the law is so
well settled that there is no controversy upon the
point. It has been expressly decided in the
case of Respublica vs. Sparhawk, inl Dallas's
Reports, which I have before me, (and that
case has been considered a leading decision
from that day to this,) that whoever is within
the theater of war is subject to all the condi-
tions of a state of war, and cannot call upon
the eonqueror for indemnity. That remark-
able report grounds the claim upon the gen-
erosity of the Government. And now, sir, I
propose to call the attention of the House for
a single moment to some of its singular state-
ments. We are told that "in September, 1862,
Williamsburg was held by a detachment of
United States troops;" but this patriotic com-
mittee say this as if a ray of hope had then
broken in upon them.
" On the 9th of that month it was attacked and
occupied by a force of confederate cavalry"—
I regret to say, Mr. Chairman, that the com-
mittee is entirely correct in this statement,
What further do they say?
"who held the city until eleven o'clock of that
day."
The rebel cavalry; according to the report,
held the ciiy from nine until eleven o'clock, a
period of two hours. Now, the facts—and I
have before me an official letter from the War
Department which I will ask to publish, show
ing tho true state of the case were—that on
the Oth of September Williamsburg was held
by the fifth Pennsylvania cavalry. They
were attacked by the enemy, five hundred
strong, who drove out our troops. Two hours
afterward they rallied, came back and recap-
tured the town. That college was used as a
rebel stronghold, and our troops were com-
pelled to fire upon it in order to regain the
town.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] read the other day a telegram from
Colonel Campbell saying that the Government
ought to pay for the damage done to William
and Mary college, that he had not ordered its
destruction. 1 presume he did not. He was
captured the moment the rebels came in, and
was held as a prisoner of war during the time
of the destruction of these buildings by the
rebel raid. For his misconduct in not mak-
ing a bettor fight on that occasion he was dis-
missed from the Army. _ This is the man from
whom the committee bring in a telegram say-
ing that the Government ought to pay for the
damage inflicted upon a rebel college.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Who is the
officer to whom the gentleman refers?
Mr. STOUGHTON. Colonel Campbell.
Mr. SPB.EE, of Pennsylvania. Of Pennsyl-
vania?
Mr. STOUGHTON. Yes, sir; and I have
an official letter fully sustaining what I say,
which I submit for publication :
Adjutant General's Office,
Washingtos, February 12, 1872.
Sin : In reply to your note of tho 6th instant, re-
ceived this morning, I herewith respoetfally inclose
a copy of a report made by Major General John A.
Dix of the affair at Williamsburg, Virginia, in Sep-
tember, 1862, the only information on file in this
office. There is no official report -regarding the
burning of William and Mary college.
llu) rolls and returns of the fifth Pennsylvania
cavalry contain the following information:
" Williamsburg, Virginia, held by the fifth Penn-
sylvania cavalry, Colonel Campbell, was captured
byiive hundred rebel cavalry under ColonolShingles,
with three pieces of artillery, five captains, four
lieutenants, and a few privates, September 9,1862.
In a short timo the place was retaken by the Eed-
eraltroops."
Colonel Campbell was dismissed the' sorvicc, but
the order dismissing him was subsequently revoked,
and his resign ution accoptod.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant,
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
Hon. William L. Stoughton, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, 1). G.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Colonel
Campbell is a man whose body is riddled
with bullets received in the defense of his
country, and the gentleman's tongue should
palsy when he assails such a man.
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 have the report
of the general commanding the department,
and the facts are as I state. I will say for the
benefit of Colonel Campbell that he was after-
ward permitted to resign, but he was dis-
missed from the Army because he did not
make a proper defense at Williamsburg.
Now, let us look a moment farther at this
matter. What else do the committee tell us ?
"Upon the evacuation by the rebel cavalry"—
The place never was evacuated by the rebel
cavalry. They were driven out at the saber's
point by our men, who returned and charged
upon the town.
Mr. PERCE. An officer of the United
States Army testified before the committee that
that was not the fact.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I do not wish to be
interrupted. The gentleman can get the floor
whenever he pleases, and I prefer not to have
him take my time.
Again the report says :
" Upon the evacuation by the rebel cavalry and the
return of our troops, a body of stragglers from tho
United States forces, drunken, disorderly, and in-
subordinate, fired and destroyed tho college build-
ings."
They may have been disorderly, (they had
been driven out of the city in disorder, and
had rallied, came back saber in hand and re-
captured the town,) butthey were not drunken.
There was not a grocery within forty miles of
them. In two hours from their repulse they
recaptured the place. The statement that the
destruction of this college was the work of
United States troops, "drunken, disorderly,
and insubordinate," is an insult to the loyal
people of the United States and the patriotic
soldiery of the Republic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERCE obtained the floor and said: I
yield to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Donnell,]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I made the
motion that the time for debate should be
extended half an hour, and said to the House
that I did it that I might have an opportunity
to address the committee, because the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Blair] had the whole
remaining hour.
Several Members. That is so.
Mr. DAWES. Upon that motion, which, as
I recognized, it was the privilege of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] to take
out of my mouth, the House agreed to extend
tho time; and I ask the floor.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to state that I moved
an extension of the time for general debate by
the addition of half an hour, without regard
to the request of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. DAWES. It was after I had made the
motion.
Mr. PERCE. I have promised to divide
the time between members of the committee
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point
of order. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Perce] opened the debate and after
speaking for a time yielded the remaining
portion of his hour to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar. ] I make the point
of order, he is not entitled under the rules of
the House to speak again.
Mr. PERCE. I do not wish to speak again.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman -has taken
the floor again and proposes to yield it.
Mr. PERCE. I propose to yield it to the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dunneli,,]
Mr, DAWES. How can he yield the floor
again?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He cannot parcel
out what he has not got.
' Mr. PERCE. It seems to be the desire on
the part of the opposition to this bill to occupy
the entire time of the committee. The com-
mittee has had an hour in which to present
their wishes in favor of this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. PERCE. Now it is claimed on the
other side, although they have had as much
time as the friends of the bill, they are to
have the remaining portion of the time left
for general debate. I desire the House 
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a point of order;
it is impossible to hear what is going on.
The CHAIRMAN. There is one point of
order already pending, and the Chair will
decide that first. The fact having been brought
to the notice of the Chair that there was a
dispute as to who was entitled to the floor, the
Chair at once referred to the record kept by
the reporters. He ascertained that while the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
had asked that the time for general debate be
extended, the motion for that purpose was not
made by him, but was made some time subse-
quently by the chairman of the Committee on
Education and Labor, [Mr. Perce.] The
record does not show that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] asked for half an
hour for himself; but on the contrary, that
when it was adopted it was without any con-
dition whatever.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of
order 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has the right
to be heard first, and he will decide the pend-
ing jroint of order before another can bo raised.
He is now stating why he did not recognize
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. SARGENT. Has the Chair concluded?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has exam-
ined the reeord as taken down by the reporter,
and he finds nothing in that report to show
that the gentleman from Massachusetts, at the
time the motion was made, asked for the half
hour to which the time for general debate was
extended. Nor was the debate extended on
his motion, but on the motion of the gentle-
man from Mississippi. The Chair, therefore,
deemed it his duty to recognize first the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, who was about to
yield for a quarter of an hour to the gentle-
man from Massachnsetts. The point of order
is raised, however, that the gentleman from
Mississippi has already had his hour, and there-
fore has no time to yield further. That point
of order tho Chair decides well taken.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. I desire to ask of the Chair whether
it will not be in order to move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of extending the
time for general debate?
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man 
Mr. HOAR. I understand my colleague
yields to me.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will be in
order. Tho Chair will not entertain any motion
till the committee comes to order.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman,
my motion is in order, I know, that the com-
mittee rise. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. I desire to submit that motion
if it be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HOAR. Will my colleague yield to me
for the purpose of making the motion I have
indicated?
Mr. DAWES. I do for that purpose.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the fact that an hour has
been occupied by each side, and to give another
half hour to the other side will give them an
hour and a half of debate against an hour
allowed to the friends of the bill. I desire to
suggest there may be unanimous consent to
giving half an hour to the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Dow-nell,] as well as half an
hour to my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must decide
