3882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
enrolled bills.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled "Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 97) for the relief of William
Henry Otis;
An act (S. No. 159) conferring .upon the
Court of Claims power to hear and determine
the claim of J. W. Parish & Co. for dam-
ages for the alleged violation of their con-
tract with the United States for the delivery
of ice;
An act (S. No. 197) for the relief of the
widow of D, Jay Brown, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 200) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Colledge;
An act (8. No. 201) for the relief of Phoebe
Hepburn ;
An act (S. No. 514) for the relief of Albert
Wieland;
An act (S. No. 569) for the relief of Thomas
B. Wallace, of Lexington, in the State of
Missouri;
An act (S. No. 603) for the relief of the
United States Express Company ;
An act (S. No. 687) for the relief of Charles
and Henry W. Spencer;
An act (S. No. 889) for the relief of Joseph
Segar, of Virginia;
An act (S. No. 908) for the relief of John
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department;
An act (S. No. 998) relating to the creation
of new land districts;
An act (H. It. No. 1416) for the relief of
Albert W. Gray : and
An act (H. R. No. 2833) to increase the
capital stock and to extend the works of the
Washington Gas-Light Company.
final adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. I move the adoption of the
following resolution, on which I demand the
previous question.
The Clerk read as follows:
lieeolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the time
fixed by the two Houses of Congress for the final
adjournment of the second session of the Fortieth
Congreas is hereby extended to twelve o'clock
meridian on Monday the 3d day of June next, and
that at that time the President of tbe Senate apd
the Speaker of the House of Kepresentativea shall
adjourn their respective Houses without day.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman will
not insist, on the demand for the previous
question until we can ask some questions, in
order to understand the effect the resolution
_ will have on the action of the two Houses for
an adjournment on the 29th instant.
Mr. DAWES. My judgment about it is,
and I have no doubt, that until the Senate con-
cur in this resolution the resolution of the two
Houses for an adjournmenton Wednesday will
stand of full force and effect, and the two
Houses will be adjourned on Wednesday next
unless some other resolution is passed by both
Houses.
Mr. KARNS WORTH. If we do not pass a
resolution extending the time we will be
called together again, and be in the power
of tbe Senate to keep us here as long as it
pleases.
Mr. DAWES. We will be called here again
unless we extend the time to the 3d of June,
and that will prevent it.
Mr. BROOKS. A resolution like this ought
to come from the Senate ; we are far ahead of
them in the transaction of thepublic business.
I am opposed to putting the House in the
power of the Senate, as it seems to me this
does.
Mr. DAWES. The circumstances nnder
which we sent back, concurred in, the resolu-
tion of the Senate for a final adjournment on
the 29th of May lead me to think that it would
be highly proper for us to tender them an ex-
tension of tune, as an extension must take
place unless we wish to be called together
again by proclamation.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 would ask the gentleman L
if he has any assurance that the Senate will
concur in the resolution for an adjournmenton
the 3d of June? I do not intend, for one, to
oppose the postponement of the adjournment
until June 3, but I would not cortsent to any-
thing which would carry the session beyond
that.
Mr. DAWES. That is the very object of
this resolution. . Without an extension of the
time to the 3d of June, the result will certainly
be that by a proclamation calliug- us together
for an extra session we will be transferred to
a time beyond the 3d of June, and that without
limitation. This extension of the session to
the 3d of June it seems to me is the only way
in which we can secure what will really be a
final adjournment. I have np doubt that the
Senate can get through their business by that
time, and that they will desii e to do so.
Mr. BROOKS. I must express the opinion
again, and reexpress it, that the proposition in
my judgment ought to come from the Senate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Both Houses have
passed a resolution to adjourn on the 29th.
This resolution, as I understand, does not in
terms rescind that one. Will not the question
still be left open whether this does in effect
rescind the other or not?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's ques-
tion is a parliamentary question, and the Chair
will answer it. Almost uniformly at the end
of a- long session of Congress the session is
prolonged beyond the time at first fixed for the
final adjournment, sometimes to a different
day, and sometimes to a different hour of the
same day, by a resolution of this kind. It has
no effect on the final adjournment unless it is
concurred in.
Mr. BANKS. This resolution simply pro-
poses, with the concurrence of the Senate, to
extend the time a certain number of days
beyond the 29th. There can be no difficulty
about it; and it belongs to the House, I think,
under the circumstances, to initiate the exten-
sion.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the resolution be
again reported.
The resolution was again read.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to—
ayes 133, noes 24.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mints and coinage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call up the bill (H. R. No. 1427) revising
and amending the laws relative to mints, assay
offices, and coinage of the United States. I
do so for the purpose of offering an amend-
ment to the bill in the nature of a substitute,
one which has been very carefully prepared and
which I have submitted to the different gen-
tlemen in this House who have taken a special
interest in the bill. I find that it meets with
universal approbation in the form in which I
offer it. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the substitute be put on its passage.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to postpone his
motion until his colleague on the committee,
my colleague from New York, [Mr. Potteu,] is
in his seat. It is my impression that he does
not concur in this substitute.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is so
late in the session that I must decline waiting
any longer.
Mr. BROOKS. I would again suggest to
the gentleman that he should wait until my
colleague comes in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I can-
not do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose it is intended
to have the bill read before it is put upon its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be
read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
not. It is a long bill, and those who are in-
terested in it are perfectly familiar with its
provisions.
Mr.'JKEIiR. The rules cannot be suspended
so as to dispense with the reading of the bill?
Tbe SPEAKER. They can be.
Mr. KERR. I want tbe House to under-
stand that it is attempted to put through thi3
bill without being read.
Tbe SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. hoofer] move that the
reading of the bill be dispensed with?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
so frame my motion to suspend the rules that
it will dispense with the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts moves that the rules be suspended
and that the bill pass, the reading thereof being
dispensed with.
Mr. RANDALL. Cannot we have a divis-
ion of that motion?
Tbe SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules cannot be divided.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have the
bill read, although I am willing that the rule3
shall be suspended as to the passage of the
bill.
The question was put on suspending the
rules and passing the bill without reading; and
(two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the rules
were not suspended.
w. c. goodwin and company.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2930) for the
relief of W. C. Goodwin & Co.; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
keturn of bills from the sbnate.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Senate be requested to return
to the House bills-of the Senate of the following
titles:
Senate 196, a bill for the relief of the owners of
the bark A 1.
Senate 905, a bill for the relief of Harriet Spring,
the heir of C&ptain "Williams 8. Barker, deceased.
I will state that these bills were inadvert-
ently sent over, being still in the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The resolution was agreed to.
mints and coinage
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the rules be suspended, and the
substitute for the bill in relation to mints and
coinage passed ; and I ask that the substitute
be read.
The Clerk began to read the substitute.
Mr. BROOKS. Is that the original bill?
The SPEAKER. Tbe motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoopek]
applies to the substitute, and "that on which
the House is called to act is being read.
Mr. BROOKS. As there is to-be no debate,
the only chance we have to know what we are
doing is to have both the bill and the substi-
tute read.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts being to suspend
the rules and pass the substitute, it gives no
choice between the two bills. The House
must either pass the substitute or none.
Mr. BROOKS. How can we choose between
the original bill and the substitute unless we
hear them both read ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can vote
"ay" or "no" on the question whether this
substitute shall be passed.
Mr. BROOKS. Iamvery much in the habit
of voting " no" when I do not know what is
going on.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the question is
taken upon suspending the rules and passing
