1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
was disqualified and could not claim a seat
merely in right of the election they pretended
to confer upon him.
Mr. President, the Senator is a lawyer; he
is a good lawyer; and he knows that no man
can at the •same moment and in the same
sentence present both sides of a case. If I
do not accord full justice to the gentleman's
point before I get through, I am not the
man I take myself to be. I am now dwell-
ing, however, upon a fact which of itself is
important, and which I wish to have under-
stood by itself, and then we shall see what
can be said to lessen its force.
So, then, Mr. President, by the testimony
before the committee, by the frank declara-
tion of General Ransom before the commit-
tee, and here by the admission of the Senator
from Ohio, it is established that it was well
known to every member of that Legislature
who voted for' Vance that he was ineligible,
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment.
And I desire the Senate to bear this great
fact constantly in mind while we proceed to
consider the other facts of this case. I shall
assume that there is 110 longer any controversy
on this point.
Mr. 'JHURMAN. There never has been.
Mr. CARPENTER. The report certainly
controverted that fact, or I should not have
alluded to it. Mr. President, if the Senate
will now bear in mind the precise attitude of
the case, it will be a sufficient answer to three
fourths of the argument of my friend from
Illinois, and to every case that he read from
the books. And, at the risk of being tedious,
for I have not the slightest desire to make a
speech to-day, my only desire is to have this
case understood by the Senate, if I can, I
repeat that the precise case then is this: the
Legislature of North Carolina oh the da>y fixed
by law, having a quorum present in both
houses, were qualified under and required by
the Constitution and the laws to elect a Sen-'
ator. They proceeded to perform that duty,
with this result, that the majority of votes
were cast for Vance and the minority for
Abbott, with some scattering, and that every
man who rose in his place and voted for Vance
knew that he was prohibited by the fourteenth
amendment from sitting in this body.
Now, Mr. President, the only question re-
maining is, what was the legal effect of what
was done by the two houses on that day? My
honorable friend from Illinois yesterday read
the statute—I shall examine it particularly
hereafter—and he. says that the Legislature
were required to east their votes for "a per-
son-'- forSenator. Heasks, "Is not Mr. Vance
a person ?'' The statute does not say they shall
cast their votes for an eligible person. Why,
Mr. President, the fourteenth article of amend-
ment is in that act of Congress and forms a part
of it as much as though it were copied verbatim
into the act. The whole Constitution from
beginning to end is in every act of Congress,
and has the same effect upon it, both in regard
to its construction and effect, as though it were
copied into the body of every bill we pass.
When these men acted, being under the con-
stitutional obligation of voting for a person as
Senator of the United States, were they not
under obligation to vote for a person who was
constitutionally eligible to a seat in the Senate?
Did not every man who rose in his place and
voted for Vance cast a vote against the Con-
stitution? Is there any escape from this? Did
not every man of them know that he was vio-
lating the Constitution of the United States
when he voted for a man that the Constitu-
tion of the United States said should not be a
Senator? _
Now, the question is, what is the effect of
those votes cast for Vance? My honorable
friend said yesterday that it was perfectly ab-
surd to say that you could count this whole
number of one hundred and five men in the
house present so as to make a quorum, and
yet consider their votes void so as to elect
Mr. Abbott. That is one of those specious
propositions that, uttered in a town meeting
on the Rocky mountains, would alarm me
nearly to death, for I should not know ex-
actly how to meet it; for how the thing might
strike such a crowd I should not be able to
conjecture; but here in this body it deserves
only a passing notice. The capacity of that
Legislature to elect a Senator is one thing;
whether they did elect a Senator is another
and a totally different thing. If a quorum
were there in each house on that day, there is
no doubt the houses were competent to elect
a Senator. You therefore properly count all
the members to establish the competency of
the Legislature to elect. The presence of a
majority in each house is all that is necessary
to establish the competency of the houses to
elect, because the constitution of North Caro-
lina provides that no public business shall be
proceeded with unless a majority of all the
members-elect shall be actually present; not
present and voting, but actually present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I have the constitution of'North Car-
olina in my hand, and I will read that section
in connection with what he says:
"Sec. 2. The senate and house of representatives
shall meet ann ally on the third Monday in Novem-
ber, and when assembled shall be denominated the
General Assembly. And neither house shall proceed
upon public business unless a majority of all the
members are actually present."
I have looked through all the rest of that
article about the legislative department, and
that appears to be the only thing that is said
touching what we ordinarily call a quorum.
Mr. CARPENTER. The constitution was
carefully examined in the committee, and that
was our understanding of it, and the report of
the majority of the committee so states and
quotes the provision in question. So we all
understand that alike. Therefore, if a majority
of both houses were actually present, there was
legal capacity in the Legislature to elect; and
hence 1 am justified in saying, for the purpose
of showing capacity, that there were one hun-
dred and five members present; and that, too,
without regard to whether they voted or not.
Presence is one thing, voting is another thing.
Now, when we come to another distinct
question, did the Legislature on that day elect
a Senator, the answer depends not upon how
many actually present, but upon what those
present, being a quorum, actually did. If they
had done nothing, if they cast no votes, then
they made no election ; that is clear. , If they
cast votes for a man who was not in existence,
that is, for a dead man, they made no election
of a Senator; if they cast votes for a man dis-
qualified by the Constitution of the United
States to be Senator, they made no election of
a Senator. If they di.d, then that Legislature
prevailed over the Constitution of the United
States. That Legislature on that day said,
'■ Vance shall be a Senator." The Constitu-
tion of the United States that same day said,
"Vance shall not be a Senator." Now, the
question is whether the Constitution of the
United States controlled the Legislature of
North Carolina, or the Legislature of North
Carolina controlled and abrogated the Consti-
stitution of the United States by the votes they
pretended to give for Vance?
But the Senator from Illinois also says that
it is only required that a majority of votes
should be cast " for a person," and he refers to
a case, Commonwealth vs. duly (which I shall
come to directly aud show .that it is entirely
against his view) to prove that a person is a
person, de,id or alive, eligible or ineligible, in
this country or in some other country, and
that the statute is satisfied if they voted for
any person. Why, he says, suppose the elec-
tion had been by ballot and they had put ii>
the name of Vance, they would have "cast"
such a ballot. Why, Mr. President, speaking
in a legal sense, whether they cast a ballot or
not, does not depend upon whether they did
or did not place a piece of paper in a hat or
box, nor whether they did or did not, when
their names were called, utter a certain sound,
or speak a certain name. But the question is,
did they cast legal votes? In other words,
did they vote for a person that might legally
be voted for? Or, to change the phraseology,
though not the sense, did they cast legal votes?
If not, then, in ai legal sense, they cast no vote
whatever. The' Constitution declaring that
Vance should not be Senator, the members of
the Legislature who declared that Vance should
be a Senator violated the Constitution in and
by their votes. A vote given in violation of
the Constitution is void, as every unconstitu-
tional act is void. A void vote is no vote ; that
is, it is not a vote, but a blank.
There are so many ways of illustrating this
idea that I am tempted, to dwell on it a little
longer. The honorable Senator put the case
very strongly upon this fact, that right or
wrong, legal or illegal, innocent or criminal,
votes were cast for Vance, and that is, in my
judgment, the fundamental mistake in nis the-
ory of this case. When the Constitution says
a thing shall not be done, that thing never can
be done in a legal sense. There are certain
particulars in which the Constitution may be
violated. The Constitution said that no State
should secede, but they did. The Constitution
said that no State should organize a rebel gov-
ernment to make war upon the United Slates,
but they did. The Constitution said that no
State should raise an army, but they did.
These were facts existing outside of and not de-
pending upon legal principles for their valid-
ity, but standing'out facts in history, as rocks
and rivers are facts in nature.
But when in a legal sense, when in a court
of justice, when in this Senate, when any-
where for legal effect you say a thing has been
done, you mean that it has been constitution-
ally done, because if it has not been so done
it has not in a legal sense been done at all.
Suppose Congress to pass a hill with all the
forms of an act; it goes through both Houses;
it receives the signatures of the Presiding
Officers of both Houses; it receives the ap-
proving signature of the President of the
United States; we call it a law; we publish it
in our statutes as a law, and it goes out with
the other acts of Congress. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, if it be m conflict with the Constitution
it is in legal effect blank paper in your statute-
book ; the legal mind does not read that page;
to the legal thought and conception that page
is a blank; that page is as though a blank
leaf had been inserted there by the binder.
That is not an act of Congress. It has the
form of an act of Congress; it has the out-
ward semblance of a law. It is no law, how-
ever, because the Constitution of the United
States says there never shall be such a law.
It conflicts with the Constitution, and it can-
not be a law unless the Constitution is abro-
gated to that extent; and because the Consti-
tution is the supreme law every pretended law
that comes in conflict with it isi no law at all.
In form it is a law, in reality it is nothing.
Mr. President, this proposition is so plain
that it need only to be mentioned to exhibit
its force. If this result of such solemn, de-
liberate official act of the two Houses of Con-
gress, approved by the President of the United
States, if such an act sent forth with the sanc-
tion of legislation, and in the form of law, is
a perfect blank, and of no legal effect, is it
difficult to comprehend that when the mem-
bers of the North Carolina Legislature rose
and in answer to their names responded with
the name of Vance—a man who, under the
