1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
IS
that the entire labor and expense of evgry kind
may be embraced in thirty-three and one third
■er cent, of the fees paid to the Government
>y importers for weighing. Such economy
ought not to be disregarded, especially as we
could, at the same time, secure greater uni-
formity and efficiency in practice, and less
extortion and annoyance to the merchant.
But it is still possible that a reformation in
the warehouse and general-order business at
the port of New York is more urgently de-
manded, as not only has it grown to enormous
proportions, but is the subject of enormous
abuses and well-grounded and far-reaching
complaint.
The joint committee, to whoso report I have
had frequent occasion to refer, gave careful
attention to the investigation of this subject
for the limited opportunity they had, and
finally earnestly advised the relief which the
merchants of New York almost unanimously
desired.
This vast interest, involving alike the con-
venience and the rights of the merchants, has
been regarded, since the administration of
Collector Smyth, as a sort of perquisite, to be
sold or bargained away, and placed in the
hands of personal friends or political favorites.
Previous to that, warehouses convenient to the
vessels were used, and the business was divided
among merchants and warehousemen of known
character and responsibility. But there has
been a marked change in this whole matter,
following the pernicious conception that it was
the personal property of the collector, or the
rightful heritage of adventurers who have
clustered around the Administration. Jn a
word, the general-order business as now con-
ducted is one of the great sources of extoriion
and oppression upon New York merchants.
It is not enough to say ihe goods are not prop-
erly handled, and the heavy charges which
their owners are compelled to pay for storage
enhance the piice of all imported commodi-
ties. The Secretary of the Treasury, after
careful investigation, admits the superiority of
the old practice, but under existing laws thinks
he has no control or power in the premises.*
The law, then, leaves this vast interest at the
caprice or pleasure of the collector of the port,
and for a complete elucidation of the effect
and practice, I beg to-direct attention again to
the Retrenchment Committee's report, and
especially to the testimony of Charles G.
Francklyn, page 10. Gustav Schwab, page 18,
F. M. Bixby, page 21, A. T. Stewart, page 25,
Luther Horton, page 30, William E. Dodge,
junior, page 30, William E. Dodge, senior,
page 45, and A. B. Miller, page 47.
Thebill under consideration makesit incum-
bent on the Secretary of the Treasury to so locate
the general-order stores that they shall be ac-
cessible and convenient to the places where
goods axe unladen from the vessels or steamers,
and not as now situated, in distant and danger-
ous portions of the city, where favorite ware-
housemen can hire cheap stores, and favored
carmen secure large business, at double expense
to importers and consumers. The merchants
have appealed in vain for relief. To me it has
been a matter of surprise that the collector
had braced up with such marvelous indiffer-
ence against the remonstrances of a commun-
ity so deeply wronged. It can only be accounted
for upon the theory that himself, or others in
whose welfare or advantage he is closely con-
nected, finds sufficient inducement for itscontin-
uanceinthe amount of profits derived from it.
A word in regard to the last clause of this
section. No one will dispute that the col-
lector of the port and other Government offi-
cials who have influence in obtaining pationage
for bonded warehouses, by reason of their offi-
cial positions, should be excluded from all par-
ticipation in the business or profits arising
from it. There is no law at present prevent-
*Seeletter of tho Secretary in answer to a resolu-
tion of inquiry passed by the House of Represent-
atives, January 27,1871.
ing these officers from engaging in this busi-
ness. It is manifest that the patronage and
profits of a bonded warehouse can be largely
increased or diminished by the course of the
collector whose official supervision embraces
it. My attention has been drawn to this sub-
ject in consequence of a business card, which
I now hold in my hand, showing that the
"Commercial Warehouse Company of New
York," with a capital of $1,000,000, has for
one of its directors Thomas Murphy, late col-
lector, and who was also a stockholder, as I am
informed and believe, in the sum of $50,000.
I mention this case as an illustration in point
in behalf of this provision in my bill.
It is farther intended, by section fourteen, to
guard against extortion and malpractices in the
public carting of imported goods. It seems
necessary to give the Secretary some supervisory
power, and the clause of the bill to which I
have referred, remands this branch of the pnb-
lie business to the regulation and control of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Before 1 proceed to the consideration of the
last feature of the bill which I desire to discuss,
I ought to speak of the comparative cost of
conducting the business at the port of New
York under the last two collectors. I am
rather impelled to this as the President and
some others have been led to specially com-
mend the efficiency and economy of the late
collector's administration, which, if justified,
serves to modify the argument that there has
been a constant, tendency to extravagance,
partisan excess, and corruption.
By an examination of the tables which, after
great investigation and labor, I am able to
place before the Senate, if desired, in minute
and accurate monthly detail, it will be found
that the eost of collecting theeustoms revenue
at New York from March 31, 18G9, to June 30,
1870, a period of fifteen months, by Mr. Grin-
nell, and from July 31, 1870. to October 31,
1871, a like period, by Mr. Murphy, is as fol-
lows :
Total expenditure under Mr. Grinnoll, exclusive of
fees collected   $2,629,368 31
Fees collected and expended in addi-
tion  252,125 36
Expenditures under Mr. Murphy, ex-
clusive of fees collected...$2,75CJ,353 34
Fees collected and expended
in addition  260,297 59
Amount expended for fuel,
gas-light, water supply,
and stationery, not
charged to Mr. Murphy's
account, but included in
Mr. GtnnneU's, for tho pre-
vious corresponding pe-
riod, say $55,000 a year  68,750 00
2,881,493 67
3,088,-100 93
Difference in favor of Mi. Grinnoll  £205,907 26
I have not included something over thirty
thousand dollars, the credit of saving which
is wholly due to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in the new letting of the labor contract,
about the time of Mr. Murphy's accession to
the office of collector. This item added would
swell the difference to about two hundred and
thiity-seven thousand dollars. That is to say,
it cost this amount more to collect the revenue
by Mr. .Murphy, than for the corresponding
period by Mr. Grinnell—an excess of expendi-
ture not easily explained upon any theory ap-
plicable to economy in the public service.
During the fifteen months named, in which
Mr. Murphy was at the head of the customs
department in New York, the total amount of
the collections were $188,091,014 73. For the
like period by Mr. Grinnell, there was collected
$158,078,328 ll,adistinetionof$29,412,68062.
A great portion of this excess is explained
by the fact that the act of Congress, July 14,
1870, reduccd the rate of duty upon many
leading articles of importation, and provided
that all goods imported previous to January 1,
1871, and held in bond, would be subject only
to the reduced rates. In anticipation of this
law, and as a consequence of it, large quanti-
ties of sugar, tea, coffee, spices, and other arti-
cles, were so held which otherwise would have
been withdrawn and duties paid before. This
operated to swell the collections after that, as
it had operated to diminish them in a cor-
responding ratio before that time, a difference
nearly or quite equal to the excess which is
shown to have been collected by Mr. Murphy.
It was an apparent ratherthan actualincrease.
It should be borne in mind, too, that, mainly
the official labor necessary in the collection of
duties upon these goods had been performed,
leaving little more to do than to receive the
money, and that the large additions to the free
list aided to diminish the labor and expense
incident to customs collections. There was,
therefore, no reason why more men should
have been employed or more expense incurred.
The machinery was ample, and the whole mat-
ter became more easy and less expensive by
reason of the law to which I have referred,
and the cost should have been reduced rather
than increased one dollar. So I again reach
the conclusion that I am correct in character-
izing the official career of the late collector as
alike the most expensive and the most perni-
cious in example and practice of any, and that
the President has been misled in extending to
it an unqualified indorsement and approval.
Section seven provides—
"That all officers of the customs, appointed by and
with tho advico and consent of tho Senate, shall bo
appointed for tho terra oflour yea.is, and shall hold
their officcs respectively until their successors shall
havobeeu appointed and duly qualified; find such
officers shall lint bo removed during the term of such
appoiutmont except for cause, and the removal or
suspension of such officer shall in all other respects
bo governed by tho act regulating tho tenure of oer-
taiu civil officers, approved April 5,188!)."
This section, it seems to me, points to the
true solution of the paramount question before
the American people to-day—that of civil ser-
vice reform. At least the principle involved
in this provision is the foundation upon which
to build a complete system for all the depart-
ments of the Government. A reform in the
civil service is the leading question before the
public; no other themo is so largely discussed
in the influential journals, in the lecture-rooms,
or, indeed, in social conversation. No one
has openly dared to oppose its principles, and
debate has been confined to methods and sys-
tems. It is obvious that the people are taking
the matter into their own handsj and unless
reform is conceded, sooner or later there will
be a movement, without regard to parties or
factions, such as recently in a day revolution-
ized the municipal condition of New Yoik.
I indicate the customs service, and especially
the department of New York, as the proper
place to inaugurate a new and improved method
because no service and no place need it more.
Nowhere hasthecivil service been so degraded
as there. At that vital point, where a large por-
tion of the revenue of the nation is collected,
every principle that should govern an enlight-
ened civil service has been violated. Officers
of approved capacity and integrity iiave been
suddenly removed without cause ; others have
been appointed without reference to qualifica-
tion and character ; faithful and efficient clerks
have been abased by the appointment over
them of incompetent men; promotions have
not depended upon merit, but upon influence.
What incentive to duty could remain while no
neglect or inefficiency could affect some for-
tunate incumbents, while 110 zeal or ability
could save others from dismissal ? I have
been credibly informed that even bribery has
been condoned ; in other words, ihatthe guilty
parties have never been punished. Forced
assessments from all for political purposes have
paid the expenses of a part in their partisan
pilgrimages through the country. In fact, it
seems as though every possible means had been
adopted to demean the civil service in theeus-
toms department at New York, and to divert
the public officers from their duty.
Unusually large importations have produced
large receipts, but it is not easy to estimate
