2988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. SUMNER. The Constitution of the
United States says:
"No person holding any office of profit or trust
under them [the United States] sbatt, without the
consent of Congress, accept of any pie^ent, emolu-
ment, office, or title of any kind whatever, from any
king, prince, or foreign State.''
Not even from the German empire. Con-
gress has followed one rule from the begin-
ning, I believe, never to allow its diplomatic
agents to receive anything from a foreign
Power. It has allowed its naval officers who
have rendered some humane service at sea to
the subjects of a foreign Power to receive
some reward or recognition, some honor, some
compliment, but it has never allowed any
persons in its diplomatic seivice to receive
auy such reward, honor, or compliment. I
think the Senate will see that this rule proceeds
on agiound from which we cannot depart. It
is that our representatives abroad must be kept
always above all suspicion of acting under for-
eign influence, or the temptation of foreign
reward. Nor should we, sir, be gratified, I
think, to see these representatives abroad wear-
ing at their button-holes the insignia of auy
foreign Power. 1 hope, sir, the Senate will
not take up this matter again. It ought to be
allowed to drop out of sight.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 may be allowed to say
a word more. Of course none of this is
strictly in order. The Constitution is as the
Senator from Massachusetts has read it; but
Congress has frequently allowed ollicers of
this Government to recive compliments from
foreign Governments. It maybe that a diplo-
mat of ours has never received such a com-
pliment, but 1 do remember that a minister
abroad once did receive a compliment, whether
it was by leave of Congress or not, from the
emperor of Russia. 1 do not desire to men-
tion his name now. 1 take it for granted that
he had the authority of Congress, but L can-
not put my linger upon the law.
But this is no unusual thing. The Senator
tells us that the Constitution says it shall not
be done; but 1 think if the Senator had read
a little fnrlher he would have found thai the
Constitution savs it shall not be done without
permission of Congress. Certainly, Congress
has the right to say whether they shall r. eeive
it or not; and that is the reason the emperor
of Germany has made the application here,
knowing lull well that these gentlemen cannot
receive any compliment from him without per-
mission of Congress. He has made proper
application through the Department of State,
and the Committee oil Foreign Relations in-
structed me to report the resolution. I cannot
see any wrong to come from it. It seems to
me at this moment it is particularly applicable
lo our case and our position in regard to Ger-
many that the emperor of Germany himself
should he allowed to express his approbation
of the persons representing the people of the
United Stales abroad. I trust that when the
resolution comes up 
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Sena
tor can he not express his approbation without
giving them a present or a title ?
Mr. CAMERON. That is for him, not for
me.
Mr. SUMNER. It is for ns to say whether
one of our officers shall receive a present or a
title from the emperor of Germany.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not for the Senator
from Massachusetts to object.
Mr. W1ISD0M. I do not wish to inter-
fere with this debate, but it occurs to me
that a point ot order might well be suggested
here.
Mr. CAMERON. I think so, too, and I
give up.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. MORTON. What is the pending bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. II.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1873, is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, the pending ques;
tion being on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to strike out in the
fourth section the word " San Francisco," in
line, six, and insert "some port of the United
States 011 the Pacific coast, and;" and in line
eight- to strike out " five hundred thousand "
and insert "one million;" so as to make the
clause read :
For steamship service between some port of the
United States, on the Pacific coast, and Japan and
China, $1,000,00U.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order for me to
move that debate upon amendments to this
bill be limited to five minutes ? If it is I make
that mot,ion.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota rose to a question of order,
but that did not give him the iloor, since the
Sena'or from Pennsylvania resumed his seat
and the point of order diopped. The Senator
from Indiana now moves to limit debate on
the amendments to this bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope debate will not be
limned. These are very impoitant amend-
ments, and certainly should be discussed for
a little while without being confined to the
five-minutes rule. There are some two or
three very important amendments to this bill;
awd 1 hardly think the Senate desires to con-
sider them with this limitation of debate. I
do not desue to address the Senate at any
length.
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
undebatable if insisted upon.
Mr. MORTON. 1 withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. WINDOM. On reconsideration the
Committee on Appropriations*have instructed
me tottakthe non concurrence of the Senate in
the amendments m lines six and seven of sec-
tion lour, so that the bill may be left m the
form m which the House passed it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Leaving the
inci eased approju iation V
Mr. WINDOM. This does not interfere
with the appropi iation ; L refer only to the
amendment striking out "!Saii Franci.^co,"
and inserting " some port of the United States
on the P.Lcilic eoa^t."
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection, that amendment of the committee
will be disagreed to. £he bill will be restored
in regard to San Francisco as it was oiijiin-
ally.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota whether there is auy objection to
making the language as it was in the otiyinal
bill tor the service, passed, 1 think, in 18(35 or
18GG—" for steamship service between the
city of San Francisco," or "the port of San
Francisco," 1 forget which—1 think that would
bo more specific. "San Francisco" includes
a district of country eight or ten miles long, I
think.
Mr. STEWART. It would not narrow it
any lo say "port of San Francisco."
Mr. CASSERLY. My impression is that it
would be a better word, because, of course, it
gives the greatest facilities.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. That wiil be in
oider alter the committee's amendments are
disposed of. The first question is on the com-
mittee's amendments.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not press it if the
Senator in charge of the bill does not accept
it at once.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope the amendment of
the committee will be adopted as it now stands.
I have heard 110 objection to it. I do not
care to speak 011 it unless objection be made
to it.
Mr. KELLY. I should like to hear some
reason for granting this large subsidy. It
seems to me that the friends of it ought to
show that it is really necessary for this China
steamship company to have an increased sub-
sidy in order to carry 011 its business. It
already has a subsidy of $500,000 a year for
monthly service. Why should that be increased
now? I understand the company is in a very
prosperous condition, and the trade between
China and Japan and the western coast of the
United States is so great that they are required
to double the service, to make it a semi-
monthly instead of a monthly line, for the
purpose of accommodating that trade. Now,
are we to make this great bestowment upon
that company simply for nothing, merely be-
cause they are compelled, ill order to accom-
modate the trade, to increase the number of
their steamships and the number of trips
between the coast of the United States and
Asia? I think some good reason ought to be
given for this increase. Certainly the Treas-
ury is not so full of money at this time that we
can make these bestowments. Unless there
can be some good reason given for them we
ought not to do it.
If this were a subsidy simply to establish a
steamship line, I do not say that I would have
any serious objection to it. There is one pro-
posed between the same port of San Francisco
and the British Australian possessions. To
that I could have 110 serious objection, because
it is in its infai cy and struggling for existence
and trying lo create a trade with people of our
own race. But the steamship line plying be-
tween California and China and Japan is fully
inaugur ited ; it is trading with peop'e not of
our own kindred, not of our own race; and
let me say here that the entire people of the
Pacific coast, as I believe, are opposed to the
immigration of the Chinese who are biought
here by these vessels. I know well that they
are not a desirable population. It is right
and proper to treat them well while they are
here; but let us leave them in their own
homes; let us have men of our own race to
do our own labor and our own work, instead
of bringing the Japanese and the Chinese to
compete with the laborers of our own coun-
try. 1 know it is detrimental to our people to
have them here. They never mingle with ns.
They have 110 lot or part with us. They come
to compete with our own laboring people, and
if they make money they take it away, and if
they die here their bones are returned to their
own people. They never expect to become
part and parcel of the population of the United
States, and to have a permanent residence
here.
Why should we bring that class of people
here, aliens in our own midst, men having no
affinity with us, no part, 110 lot with us or with
any one with whom we are connected; and
yet that class of persons, which we bring to
us, come by this very line of steamers that we
are now asked to increase the large subsidy
already possessed by it. I wish them suc-
cess m their trading ; in their carrying of pas-
sengers of our own race; but I do not desire
thar these men shall be brought hete to com-
pete with our own people; and that is the
reason why I do not wi.Ti that we should pay
this company an increased subsidy for ruining
the population of the Pacific coast. For this
reason I shall certainly vote against this
amendment,, and shall do what 1 can to pre-
vent the increase of this subsidy, unless some
very different reasons are shown for it than I
expect can be presented.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the proposition f
embodied in the amendment is to double the
service in carrying the mails between the Uni-
ted States and the ports of China and Japan,
lhe increase of compensation for that is in
consequence ot the anticipated increase of the
service. If the service is not increased, of
course the compensation wiil not be increased.
The opposition that my friend from Oregon
[Mr. Kelly] makes to it is based upon an
idea that is almost entirely foreign to the
question; it is opposition to the Chinese.
Ihere are in this country a few thousand of
that population. The number is not increas-
ing, nor will it iu all probability increase if
