248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
Constitution of the United States, could not
be a Senator—that, those members did a void
act; in other words, did no act, or did not vote
at ail? When the Constitution says a thing
shall not be done, any attempt to do it is, in a
legal sense, utterly nugatory; or, in other
words, the thing attempted to be done is not
done : the attempt is void. No legal result
can be predicated of an act which cannot con-
stitutionally be performed. To vary the ex-
pression. an act which the Constitution says
shall never be performed, in a legal sense
never has been performed. To illustrate, the
Constitution of the United States declares that
no State shail pass any law impairing the obli-
gations of a contract. Now, suppose that in
fact a Stare Legislature passes and the Gov-
ernor of a State approves an act to impair the
obligations of a contract, what is the result?
Why, simply nothing. The act is void, no
act, and the obligation of the contract is no
more impaired than if the act had never been
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend, if I do not disturb him by so doing,
what he thinks the result would have been had
the gentlemen who voted for Vance on that
occasion cast a blank vote?
Mr, CARPENTER. My friend has antici-
pated ir.e. Thatj of course, is the next propo-
sition to come in the course of my argoment.
J am trying now to show that those votes are
no votes in a legal, sense; that when those
members were called to vote for a Senator and
rhey arose and voted for a man that the Con-
stitution declared should not be a Senator, it
wai in a legal and constitutional sense no more
a vote than though those members had risen
in their plices and responded, "Hail Colum-
bia!"' The Constitution nullified the attempt
to vote for Vance, and prevented the response
from being a vote.
N!ow, to come to th8 precise point, these
votes given for Vance were blanks; in other
words, a quorum of both houses were present,
and iu the house, of the one hundred and five
moxnhers who were actually present only thir-
ty-two vot-'d: the rest cast blanks. In the
Senate fnty-eight members were present, and
only eleven voted; the rest cast blanks.
Nosv my friend from Vermont asks me (and
that is what I was coming to,) what would be
flie effect, if the fact had literally corresponded
with the legal effect of the fact. In other
v. ords, when thes6 one hundred and five mem-
bers of the House were called, suppose only
thiVty-two had answered anything, and they
had answered 44 Joseph C. Abbott," and when
the forty-eight members of the Senate were
called onty eleven had answered, and they had
answered ''Joseph C. Abbott," would he have
been elected? This somewhat breaks the line
of my argument, by anticipating what more
naturally belongs to another part of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not want to annoy
my friend.
Mr. CARPENTER. I know that. I take
the interruption kindly. The act of Congress
has two provisions applicable to two different
cases; the first being the election by the two
houses on the first cfayfixed by the act; the
second, ah election by the joint assembly of
the two houses in case of failure to elect on
the first day by the two houses. The provisions
of the act in these two cases are totally differ-
ent. The provision of the act as applicable to
the election by the two houses on the first day
is that tlie person shall be declared elected
who shall have received " a majority of all the
v"otes cast." There must be a body capable
of electing; there must be a quorum, (which
exists under the constitution of North Caro-
lina, if there is a majority actually present in
both houses,) and, then, there being an elect-
ive body competent to elect, the act of Con-
gress says that the man who receives a major-
ity " of all the votes cast" shall be declared
to be elected Senator.
But when you eome to the provision regu-
lating the election to be Bad on the next and
succeeding days, the act organizes a body of
its own. As to th.e first case, it does not
create the body; it treats of the Legislature
as it exists under the State constitution, the
houses acting separately in their coordinate
capacity as branches of the legislative depart-
ment of the government. But passing that
and coming to an election by the joint assem-
bly, which proceeding did not exist in some
of the States, it became necessary for Con-
gress to declare what should be a quorum to
act, and what should be necessary to make an
election. Why? In the one case it found
bodies in existence competent to act; in the
other it created a body and gave it capacity to
act, which had perhaps no constitutional ex-
istence in any State, and certainly was not in
practice in some of the States. Therefore, in
that case they regulate it, and say that a man
shall have a majority of all the votes cast, a
majority of the mepibers elected to both houses
being present and voting.
There was the distinction between the two
cases. If the election had gone to the joint
assembly, then the act of Congress regulates
it and declares not merely that there shall be
a quorum present, but that a candidate shall
not be declared to be elected unless he shall
have a majority of all the votes cast, a quorum
of both bouses being present and voting; but
in the first case that clause is wholly omitted,
and omitted why? Because in the first case
the act of Congress treated of legal hodies in
existence and was not speaking them into life
or giving them new power. It, regulates the
election as to them by saying simply on what
day they shall elect. It does not say what
shall be their quorum ; it leaves that entirely
to the law and practice of the Legislatures of
the different States. In one Legislature a
tenth may be a quorum, in another a fifth, in
another a sixth, in another two thirds, and so
on. Whatever quorum is fixed by the State
law is sufficient when the election takes place
on the first day in the two houses. Congress
meant to leave it there; and therefore Con-
gress did not say that on that day the man to
be elected should have a majority of all the
votes, a majority of all the members elected
being present and voting. They omit that and
say that he shall be elected if he has a majority
of all the votes cast.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question there?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. Does the Senator remember
any State that by its laws authorizes a legis-
lative body to sit with less than one half of
its members nresent ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I would not like to
make my affidavit on that point, but I under-
stand that Massachusetts does and always has.
She has a very large lower house. I under-
stand that less than a third of that body is a
quorum.
Mr. CONKLING. Less than a fifth, I think.
Mr. CARPENTER. In the House of Com-
mons in England the quorum is less than one
tenth.
Mr. HILL. Massachusetts has as many
representatives as the towns choose to pay for.
Mr. CARPENTER. Forty members, I am
told, is a quorum of the House of Commons.
Mr. HILL. Is it not almost universally
true, in the United States, that a majority
of a legislative body is required to make a
quorum?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not know pre-
cisely at this present time how the fact is, nor
do I care. If it had anything to do with this
question, I would have examined it; but it
has not anything more to do with it than the
structure of the courts of the different States
or the method of holding their elections for
Governor.
Mr. HILL. If I am not interrupting the
Senator, I will throw out this idea in order that
he may answer it: I should like t.o know why
the Senator supposes that Congress by the act
of July 25, 1866, were willing that one rule
should prevail upon one day, that less than a
majority of the two bodies united might elect,
and were careful to require that on the second
day a majority of each body should be present
and vote. Why a different rule on the two
different days? I can very well see why they
did .not undertake to say what should be a
quorum in each house 
Mr. CARPENTER. The question is already
about as long as I can remember. [Laughter. J
Mr. HILL. Very well; 1 will stop there.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I tried
here for ten minutes to answer the very ques-
tion that the Senator has put. It is another
discouraging evidence, showing how unsatis-
factory an effort upon a legal question in the
Senate must be. that I was unable to convey to
him my theory of that subject.
Mr. HILL. I beg pardon. I did not hear
the Senator allude to the reason of Congress
in enacting this law adopting a rule different
for the second day from the first day. I did
not hear the Senator on that point.
Mr. CARPENTER. What I said on that
subject was this: that in regard to the election
on the first day Congress did not assume to
regulate it at all, left it as the laws of the sev-
eral States left it, because the election was to
be made by bodies in existence when that act
was passed. It was therefore not necessary
to say what should be a quorum in those
bodies. But, in regard to the joint assembly
of the two houses, the actof Congress created
a new tribunal not regulated by tlie law of the
States. Therefore, it was necessary for Con-
gress in that case to declare what should be
a quorum and how many votes should be re-
quired to make an election; because when it
created a tribunal not known to the State law
it must define its powers. In the other case
it was not necessary to do so, because they
were regulated by State laws, and the quorum
in different States might be different. What
is necessary for a quorum in one State may
not be in another; and Congress did not in-
terfere with the subject of a quorum when the
two houses were acting in their normal con-
dition as'branches of the Legislature of the
State; but when Congress created the tribunal
it became necessary then to regulate it, and
therefore Congress did regulate it.
Mr. HILL. The Senator will pardon "me
yet. He recites correctly what he said before;
but yet he does not give a reason to the Sen-
ate why the legislative body here in making
the act of 1866 did fix a different rule by which
a minority upon one day might be competent
to elect a Senator and upon another day could
not elect one. I have not beard the reason of
■ the distinction, and that is what I asked the
Senator to give. It was competent, was it not,
for Congress to have said that in no case shall
less than a majority of the two houses concur-
ring elect? I take it it was. I merely throw
it out.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not think it does
any great harm to throw it out. [Laughter.]
Congress has never assumed, I may say to my
friend from Georgia, to do everything it could
do in any one act. He says Congress could
have provided what shall be the quorum of the
Legislature. I do not say it could not, but I
doubt if 
Mr. HILL. No, sir, I do not say that; but
I do say that less than a majority of the entire
Legislature could not elect.
Mr. CARPENTER. T am entitled to con-
gratulate myself, because the Senator is as
