110fl
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
domestic tranquillity, provide for lbe common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Uni-
tcdStates of America,"
Under the inspiration of this preamble, as
the day-istar of our American liberties, we are
n8Jiutally 16d to corisider the interests of forty
millions of people in the light of large demands;
requiring clear scrutiny and an intelligent esti-
mate-of our sources' of success.
A simple proposition in political economy
clearly (ibtainS, that it is the dttty of all Gov-
ernmehts to encourage every source of rev-
enue, and advance all ineans of development,
to the end that the greatest good may accrue
to the greatest number; that all financial ob-
ligations be promptly met; th&t adequate
appropriations be made to sustain a liberal
and accessible system of edueati&n; aiding
all feasible and healthful internal improve-
ments, and facilitating our commercial inter-
ests to the succiess of our national industries.
In a country like our own, Mr. Speaker, tin-
equaled in its resources, with soil and climate
adapted to, all the productions of the earth
necessary for the comfort and well-being of a
populatioh of ttntoH millions, it becomes the
Representatives of the people to devote their
time and'thOUght to the great and absorbing
interest ofa confiding constituency.
For'the purpose of attaining the end I have
in View, I shall select one of the great divis-
ions of interest in onr country, namely, that of
the producer, and devote my remarks more
particularly to' orle branch thereof; I mean
that important vocation known as wool-grow-
ing. Had I the ability and time I would con-
nect the three great divisions of interest in
our country, producer, manufacturer, and con-
sumer, but neither time nor ability will admit.
Self-preservation may well be said to be the
first law of nature. This maxim seems to be
ignorfed by a class of political economists when
applied to our Government. . I see no impro-
priety or want of charity in the position that I
owe my regards first to my family, next to my
country, and finally to the world. I am well
aware that the dogmas of free trade contravene
this position. But without the fejtr of that
un-American theory before my eyes, I proceed
to assert that the first and greatest interest in
this land of hope is the producer. To him we
must look with generous protection and con-
sideration, reposing in him a generous confi-
dence that ho will devote himself with industry
and ecortomy to the discharge of that high
trust (not always recognized) which is to.utilize
the soil, a free gift of a beneficent Creator, so
that its productions may bo abundant arid
available to the feeding of the nation, and to
avail himself of the laws of nature so to pro-
generate from the animal kingdom those con-
tributions-adapted to ''alimentation and vest-
iture."
For this service of the producer the nation
is in duty bound' to render him all the facilities
and protection needful wheteby his vocation
may prove remunerative.; This avowal brings
me into that maze of argument that has taxed
the ingenuity of the ablest controversialists of
the world. But while I would no;t assume to
meet the sophisms of free tirade, I (lai-e assume
their non-applicability to sound political econ-
omy admissible in this reciprocal Government,
whose very genius seeks to assimilate the gen-
eral interest to the general good.
The producer demands no premium for his
industry, but he has a right, however,' to all
the advantages of the best anu most convenient
market, when such market can be established
and vouchsafed to him without infringing on
the rights of others. He is necessarily a large
tax-payer, and as such deserves every legiti-
mate-advantage in market. His business is to
sell, whereby he may have the means of im-
proving his farm and stock, and make such
purchases as the comfort and convenience of
his family demand. This interest. Mr. Speaker,
is the real source of capital.
I now devote myself directly to the wool-
grower.
The wool-growers of the United States have
but one request to make, and that is my mis-
sion here to-day, and that is to be let alone with
the protection they now enjoy. Stability is
really the watch-word of the wool-grower'.
Change cannot be otherwise than ruinous to
his interest. A good flock of sheep requires'
capital, good management, and judicious care.
I know whereof I spealc. Those farmers who
are compelled to dispose of their flocks because
of fallen prices of wool, are necessarily driven
to a change of farm management that involves
them in loss in sale of flocks, loss in adapting
themselves to other branches, and when in the
change of times wool advances and they seek
to reinstate themselves in wool-growing, they
find it necessary to pay higher prices than for
which they sold, and compelled to lay in stock
of different grades, which will require much
time to eull out and get in situation to produce
a desirable and profitable style of wool. This
change has required much time, and trouble,
■which necessitates much loss. Stability is
therefore actually necessary to success in wool-
growing. This stability must be founded in a
home market.
As directly applicable to this part of my
argument, I quote the remarks of the late
Henry Clay:
"The greatest want of civilized society is a mar-
ket for the sale and exchange of the surplus of the
produce of its members. This market may exist at
homo or abroad, or both, but it must exist some-
where if society prospers; aud whenever it does
exist it should be competent to the absorption of
the entire surplus of production. It is most desira-
ble that there should be both a home and foreign
market. But with respect to their relative supe-
riority I catinot entertain a doubt. The home mar-
ket is first in order and paramount in importance.
Tho creation of a home market is not only necessary
to procure for our agriculture a just reward of its
labor, but it is indispensable to obtain a supply of
our necessary wants. If we cannot sell we cannot buy.
It is ruinous to tantalize us with the cheapness of
foreign fabrics. Tho superiority of thehomemarket
results, first, from its steadiness and comparative
certainty at all times; second, from the creation of
reciprocal interests; third, from its greater security;
and lastly, from an ultimate and not distant aug-
mentation of consumption and (consequently of
comfort,) from increased quantity and reduced
prices. But this home market, desirable as it is,
can only be created and cherished by the protection
of our legislation against the prostration ol' our
industry, which must ensue from the action of for-
eign policy and legislation."
The magnitude of the business of wool-
growing, both present and prospective, is a
proper subject for consideration in this con-
nection. I take this opportunity, therefore, to
quote some statistics, which I commend espe-
cially to my fellow-farmers. The whole num-
ber of sheep in the United States, as per cen-
sus of 1870, is 28,956,667. The whole number
in my own State of New York is 2.181,578 ;
tho whole number in Ontario county, New
York, 131,485; whole number in Livingston
county, New York, 113,983; whole number
in Yates county, New York, 74,439, making
the whole number in the twenty-fifth congres-
sional district, New York, which I have the
honor to represent, 319,857.- Amount of wool
clipped in United States, 100,053,264 pounds ;
clipped in the State of New York, 10,599,-225
pounds. Amount of wool clipped iri the
twenty-fifth district, New York, as follows:
Ontario county, 748,306; Livingston county,
005,341; Yates county, 402,176 ; total in
twenty-fifth district, New York, 1,750,823
pounds.
You will readily perceive, Mr. Speaker, the
reason why I feel it my duty to devote my
thoughts to the subject of wool-growirig, and
I give these figures, sir, with no little pride.
I may properly say that my district is one of
the best grain-growing districts in the State.
Wool-growing, therefore, must be regarded in
some measure incidental; and with such a
noble contribution to the wants of the coun-
try we may with propriety demand that we be
let alone in the enjoyment of that protection
now afforded us by the present tariff.
AntStheVeGnsideiatidft, Mr. Speaker, of great
ahd intense mordent connected with wool-grow-
ing, which has awakened heretofore Scarcely
a thought, is that all-important item in this
increasingly populous nation termed "aliment-
ary." A Government that fails to adopt a
system of political economy that provides for
the obtaining of food and clothing for its sub-
jects can scarcely be recognized as within the
p&le of civilization. As one of the best, cheap-
est, healthful, and quickest produced kinds of
animal fo.od, mutton stands preeminent. In
view of the wonderful increase of population
in Our country, filling our cities to overflowing,
ahd supplying our vast manufactories with
operatives, w6 cannot be uhmindful of the
demand for animal food; we cannot, iii tho
nature of things, become "vegetarians." We
are an active laboring people. No people
on earth equal us in activity. The continued
labor of body and mind exhaust supplies;
hence we become great consumers. Our
laborers aje well paid and will be well fed.
The operatives of European manufacturers
would feel satisfied with a sumptuous dinner
of meats once a week, while in this country
nothing short of the old Whig regime of roast
beef or mutton and two dollars a day Will sat-
isfy our laborers. The wool-grower of Amer-
ica, therefore, may be recognized as one of the
public benefactors of his country. We hear
the wisest men of the day predicting a fdtUre
for this country which amazes us. If these
predictions are to be fulfilled, of how much
moment is it to us, as political economists, to
see to it that every source of supply for food
and clothing should be fostered. God forbid
that through our negligence and want of fore-
sight we shall ever become the land of food
riots by a starving mass, when we are bleSsed
with a domain so vast, a soil and climate so
propitious. Rather let us be wise for our-
selves, protect the industries of our country,
develop our resources,-and adopt the senti-
ment expressed by Andrew Jackson in 1824,
who said:
"It is time we had become a little more American-
ized, and instead of feeding the paupers and laborers
of Europe feed our own. Our interest is greatly en-
hanoed in view of the fact of the unbounded facili-
ties for producing wool and mutton. The capacity
of our country for sheep husbandry is boundless, and
even greater than our needs."
When France is not overburdened with thirty-
two million sheep, and England, which has far
fewer available acres than Ohio, alone sus-
tains with profit about Wenty-two millions, it
is clear that only the most perverse legislation
can arrest that rapid progress stimulated by
the protective policy adopted early in the last
deCade, and which wisely forced the nation
to rely upon the unlimited resources of her
soil and in the new enterprise of her people.
The information acquired by experience and
observation in the far West,' and the changed
condition of labor in the South, inspire the
strongest confidence in the future of American
wobl-'growing.
Texas, with Kor ime hundred ahd seventy-
five thousand acres fitted for winter grazing, is
as capable of raising- sheep as cheaply as Bhe
riifses cattle. The ^reaf Appalachian valley of
VirginiaandTennfeSsfee, with its ttnrivaled blue-
grass pastures, equable and mild climate, cheap
lands, and proxiihity to markets, is ah inviting
but hitherto scarcely improved field for mutton
production knd the very finest merino-wool
husbandry.
Ten -years ago the extension of sheep hus-
bandry beyond the prairie States was hardly
dreamed of, but the Union Pacific and other
railroads have opehed up -within five years
beyond Missouri, on the slopes of the Sierra
Madre, in, the parks of Colorado, in the val-
leys of the Platte,- and on the plains of Wyofti-
ing, millions upon millions- of acres, which
nature, by myriads of wild animals which she
has fed there for ages, seems to have pointed
out as the pastnre land of the continent. The
impgination is dazzled by the pictures given
