3884
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr. PETERS. I will state the difference
in a word. Maine and Massachusetts did not
have a recomputation ; they had a computa-
tion according to the Virginia rule, which gave
them $680,000. They will get under this bill,
if it passes, a recomputation according to the
Maryland rule, which will entitle them to
$400,000 more.
Mr. TERRY. No, sir.
Mr. PETERS. Although it gives . that
amount to Maine and Massachusetts, 1 am, not
in favor of it. Every State has had its settle-
ment according to the Virginia rale excepting
Maryland, which from accident or some other
cause was omitted. This bill proposes to re-
open all those old accounts.
• Mr. TERRY. I do not object to discussion
upon the other side if it can be understood
that we shall have an opportunity to reply. I
will say that I think it comes very ungraciously
from the gentlemau from Maiae to resist the
payment of these claims to other States after
his State has had a settlement.
Mr. PETERS. This bill- will give Maine
and Massachusetts $400,000. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.max] can bear me out
that Maine and Massachusetts got it on the
Virginia rule, the same as his State got it on
the.Virginia rule; but because Maryland ob-
tained it under, another rule, they now wish to
reopen all the settled claims of all the States
of the Union, and pay them additional sums
of money, which in the aggregate, will amount
to mauy million dollars.
Mr. TERRY. Mr. Speaker, if I may be
allowed the floor for one minute, I wish to say
this: the House understands this legislation
as well as any legislation before the country
for years, because it has been discussed in the
two Halls of Congress for the last twenty
years, dating back to 1857, and prior to that
time. The facts in brief are these: in the
war of 1812 a number of States incurred ex-
penses for their militia, with the understand-
ing that the Federal Government would refund
the money they advanced. The principal of
that money was paid, but no interest which
accumulated on it was paid by the General
Government. In 1825 an act was passed by
Congress providing for a settlement of interest
with the State of Virginia. The accounting
officers of the Treasury, after Attorney Gen-
eral Wirt bad decided Virginia was entitled
to her interest, made a calculation upon the
absurd principle of calculating the interest on
the balance due, and never discharging the
interest which had accumulated, and where
the payment exceeded such interest, accord-
ing to the well-settled principle governing all
courts.
Now, sir, in 1857 there was an act passed
by Congress after a full discussion in the other
House, and after discussion here, providing
for a settlement with the State of Maryland on
correct principles; and we now simply ask for
New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Baltimore
city, and for all the States having just demands,
we shall be settled with as Maryland was
settled with, and according to a just and cor-
rect principle. I do not understand why the
Government of the United States should claim
exemption to control her claims, and to adjust
them upon principles different from those rec-
ognized by every court in this country. The
accounting officers of the Treasury have laid
down a rule unrecognized by any court, and
unrecognized by any people, and in violation
of every principle of settling debts and calcu-
lating interest. Will the General Government
of the United States, because she has the
power, refuse what she herself demands from
her debtors? It is a well-known fact that if a
man owes the Government of the United States
he is bound to pay interest precisely as it was
paid in the Maryland ease, and when this Gov-
ernment acts upon this principle when she is
the creditor and others are the debtors, why
should she, great and powerful and rich as
she is, with an overflowing Treasury, refuse to
pay her just debts to the States which helped
to build her up and to support her?
Mr. PETERS. The question before the
House is whether, when every State has been
paid this money 
Mr. PLATT. I rise to a point of prder.
If there is to be any discussion on this bill we
desire to understand it. We do not wish one
side of this question to be heard, and then
when we who are in favor of this bill ask to
be heard to have a single objection prevent us
from stating our side of the case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope gentle-
men will let this bill gooverto next winter.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holm an] is perfectly familiar with
it. The Speaker knows all about it. The
accounts of Maine and Massachusetts were
settled precisely as those of Virginia were
settled.
Mr. PLATT. You are mistaken.
Mr. PETERS. No, sir; I ain not mistaken.
Maine and Massachusetts was settled upon the
Virginia rule. The accounts of Virginia were
settled precisely as those of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts. I appeal to the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether that is not the fact?
Mr. HOLMAN. That is my understanding,
that the settlement of Maine and Massachusetts
was on the Virginia fcule^
Mr. PETERS. Exactly; I know it well.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And we were
told if the Maryland rule were adopted, it
would give Maine and Massachusetts $400,000
more. :
Mr. PETERS. Every State was settled on
the Virginia rule, and when the act was passed
in regard to Maryland, the Comptroller of the
Treasury was directed in the act itself how to
calculate the interest. These claimshave been
sleeping almost ever since the war of 1812;
certainly for half a century, and the quesiion
now is whether you will adopt the Maryland
rule and reopen all these cases and readjust
them, thus taking millions of dollars out of
the' Treasury. And I say here knowingly, that
although it will give my State and Massachu-
setts $400,000, I am not willing to vote for
this bill.
Mr. ARCHER. The' city of Baltimore
never got principal or interest.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion that the rules be suspended and the
bill passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to offer
some remarks in reply to the gentleman from
Maine.
Objection was made.
The question being taken on suspending
the rules and passing the bill, there were—
ayes 74, noes 69.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
new jail sor the district.
Mr. POLAND. I call up the report of the
committee of conference which I presented
on Saturday morning.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bili (H. It. $0.1552} in relation to
the construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia, having met, after full and free con-
ference, have agreed to recotamond, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the Heuse recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate-; and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: on page 2 of
said amendment, line one, after the word " hundred,"
insert the words " and twenty-five;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
LUKE P. POLAND,
H. H. STARKWEATHER,
C. A. ELD HEDGE.
Managers on the nartof the House.
CHARLES SUMNER,
GEOiGJB VICKERS,
Frederick a.sawyer,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. POLAND. This is a very small matter,
and I will not occupy the time of the House
in explaining it, unless some gentleman desires
me to do so.
The report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
post route bill.
Mr..FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Post' Office
and Post Roads, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2931) to, establish eertain post routes.
The SPEAKER. This is the second bill
of the Session for establishingpost roads, and
contains no general legislation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a tfhird time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miami reservation.
Mr. SHANKS. I present the report of the
conference committee on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House bill No. 183.
The Clerk read,as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.. R. No. 183)
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to make
partition of the reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sia,
a Mi(imi Indian, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
' That the Senate recede from their amendment
disagreed to by the House to the said bill; and that
the House agree to the following amendment to the
said bill, namely: strike out in line four, page 2,
section two, the words "in quantity" and insert
in lieu thereof the words " share and share alike in
value."
After the word "interest."in line nineteen, sec-
tion three, insert the following words, namely: " the
value of said'irpprovements not in any case ,to be
estimated where the same shall be in land awarded
to the person who made or caused them to be made."
J. P. C. SHANKS,
JAMES N. TYNER,
ERASTUS WELLS,
-Managers on the part aj the House.
JAMES HARLAN,
D. D. PRATT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PALMER. I present a report of the
committee of conference on the Post Office
appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 1070)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending Juno 30,1S73,
having met, after full and free conterence have
agreed to recommend and do recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered eight.
F. W. PALMER,
A. A. SARGENT,
W. E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
WM. WINDOM,
.R. E. FENTON,
W. X. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agree-
ing to the conference report. The adoption
of the report will pass the bill with the addi-
tional subsidy to the Brazilian line left out.
The report was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
refund op d0tibs on tea and coffee.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2932) in relation to refunding
duties paid on tea and coffee in bond; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever it shall be shown to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Treasury that parties are
entitled to a refund of duties paid on tea and
coffee remaining in public stores or bonded
warehouses, on the 1st day of July ne.tt
