1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2989
the communications between this country and
that are facilitated. Most of the Chinese
come by other conveyance than the steamers
which are to carry the mails. That some
come in this way and go back by this convey-
ance is true : but much the larger portion of
the immigration to and emigration from this
country of that class of people is by other
conveyance than the China steamers.
■ I do not intend to waste time in the argu-
ment of this question now ; but let me direct
the attention of the Senate to the fact that it
is not the Chinaman alone or China alone that
is to be brought into closer connection with our
country by the establishment of this line and
the increase of this service. There is now in
this city an embassador with a numerous reti-
nue from the empire of Japan, which has but
lately been opened up to communication with
the rest of the world, and the change that is
indicated by this in the long-continued policy
of Japan is attributable, in my opinion, to the
establishment of this mail line. It has done
more to arouse that people, and to awaken
them to t-he importance of communication with
the rest of the world, than all other causes
combined.
Japan contains a population of between
thirty-five and thirty six million inhabitants,
a population nearly as numerous as that of all
the United States. That they are an industri-
ous people, an energetic people, and an intel-
ligent people is abundantly demonstrated by
their public acts within, the last few months.
They haie conceived a desire to become more
familiarly related in business, in politics, and
in diplomacy with the United States of Amer-
ica, and they have shown that desire not only
by sending their embassadors to our own cap-
ital, but by sending their youth here to be
educated, to learn our institutions and cus-
toms, as well as our language. They have
come herein numbers, and are found in nearly
all our schools. Even some of the girls of
that country have been brought here to receive
an education under our advanced civilization.
And must we repel this people? Is that wise
statesmanship? T say let them come, and
when they come let us continue to treat them
as men and brethren.
Not only do they seek closer relations with
us in this way, but they accept the guidance
of our own people in other respects. Many
of our revenue officers have been sent for by
that Government, and have gone over there to
instruct them in the arts of civilization and
enlightenment, which they expect to derive
through these sources. Your Commissioner
of Agriculture has gone. Some of the revenue
officers of the best standing in San Francisco
have been sent for and are now employed in
that country, and some have been taken from
your own Treasury Department for the purpose
of instructing them in the art of acquiring
wealth and advancement in the science ot
political economy. They are exceedingly
desirous of closer relations with this coun-
try. _
Sir, Japan constitutes a center of wealth.
1 here is vast wealth in that empire as well as
i" the empire of China. Without elaborating
this point, let me ask attention to the fact that
from the earliest period of written history
the nations that have had successively the
control of trade and communication with these
ancient and established nations have reaped
great advantages from it. Nobody will dispute
this proposition. In the progress of time, in
the circling of events, it so happens that we
are now their nearest neighbors. By the set-
tlement upon the Pacific coast which has
occurred within the last twenty or few more
years, and by the opening of communica-
tion across this continent, we find ourselves,
almost to our surprise, the nearest neighbors
of these ancient and wealthy empires, and we
filS0 i ^ ourselves in better relations with
I?1 n °'^er people.
Mr. President, the nations of Europe do not
overlook these things, nor underestimate their
importance, as some of us are disposed to do.
They are keeping up their communications
with these countries at great expense. They
are keeping them up at a cost more than three
times that which we would be willing to ex-
pend for the same service, and I wish this to
be remembered by Senators. I have the facts
before me. The facts so far as they relate to
France I will not go into, because I have not
the definite figures ; but the anxiety manifested
on the part of France to keep up communica-
tion with these ancient empires is as great
as that of Great Britain, in reference to which
I intend now briefly to call the attention of
the Senate. Great Britain, in order to keep
up her steam communication, which amounts
to carrying the mails and business communi-
cations with India and China, pays more than
£450,000 a year, or $2,225,000 in gold. In
our currency it would amount to something
more than two and a half millions, for a semi-
monthly service, mark you. France has with
the same countries also a semi-monthly ser-
vice, and they alternate, so that by the Isth-
mus of Suez the service from Europe to Asia
is a weekly service. But by reason of our
proximity, we are able with a semi-monthly
service to enjoy all the advantages which they
enjoy by a more frequent service.
The Senator from Oregon asks why this
should be done. I say the reason is appar-
ent, that the communication that is kept up
by the Governments of western Europe with
these countries is sustained in the same man-
ner, that is, by assisting these mail lines ; and
unless we afford similar assistance and show
as much wisdom as they do, we cannot expect
to control the commerce, the trade, and the
advantages that are controlled by those coun-
tries.
Mr. President, some years ago I was a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, and a
member of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads of that body. On returning by
sea from California, I came in association with
masters of vessels, who gave me much inform-
ation concerning the trade of that country,
and immediately upon my return I introduced
a bill providing for the present steamship ser-
vice between China and the United States. It
was reported from that committee favorably
and passed both Houses of Congress. That
line has now been in operation for a number
of years. The limit that was required by the
law as to the size of vessels, &c., was excelled
by the company. They did more really than
they were required to do by the law. It has
been eminently successful, and I doubt not all
the American people, every Senator is proud
to-day of that lme of steamships. It has been
successful, and is becoming more so from
month to month and year to year, and will
become more and more so the more we encour-
age it, and the people of the United States will
fully indorse all that Congress does in that
direction.
This matter has been recommended several
times in the annual messages of the President.
It has been recommended by the Post Office
Department, by the Secretary of the Treasury ;
and let me add here, if it were a matter of
mere administration, as such things are in
England, France, and Germany, there would
be no difficulty, because in a matter of mere
administration there is an opportunity to look
at the facts and to investigate them, such as
members of either branch of Congress often
do not have. It is almost impossible for them
to look into the details of a subject of this sort.
I say, therefore, if this were really a matter of
administration, there would be no doubt in my
mind about our following the policy that is
pursued by the nations of Europe in reference
to this business.
I do not wish to trespass upon the time of
the honorable Senator from Minnesota who
has charge of the bill, but I did not expect
my friend from Oregon to make any opposi-
tion to a proposition of this kind, and from
the hesitancy that was manifested on the part
of the Senator from Minnesota I attempted to
reply, briefly as I have, to the Senator from
Oregon. If any one will look at any map of
the world he will see the position we occupy
in reference to these countries and how we
can avail ourselves of the advantages of this
communication, and it is a grave question tor
those who represent the people of the United
States to determine whether we shall or shall
not avail ourselves of these advantages.
Mr. President, it seems to me, with the ex-
amples we have had before us within the last
few years with reference to commerce, it is
time this Republic manifested some disposi-
tion toward the encouragement of our com-
merce. It is now actually declining; and the
question presented to-day to my mind, without
exaggeration, is whether we shall fall back and
put ourselves in the position now occupied by
those once powerful commercial nations, Spain
and Portugal, or whether we shall assume the
position occupied by Great Britain, France,
and Germany. That is the question before
this Congress to-day. It cannot be disputed
that if we neglect to aid our own commerce,
in other words, to facilitate commerce between
our own country and ruder countries by means
of which we get the raw materials for manufac-
tures and put them into a more valuable shape
and return them to them; unless, I say, we
pursue the course that is pursued by England
and France we shall find ourselves presently
in the deplorable condition commercially of
the two nations that I first mentioned. But
pursue the policy that is pursued by these more
enlightened nations, in my judgment, and it
will not be long before our commerce will
revive and in a few years we shall be not sec-
ond, third, fourth, or fifth among the com-
mercial nations of the world, but the first
commercial nation of the world.
There are several other points of view in
which I should like to discuss this question,
but I will yield to my friend from Minnesota.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I do not
I expect in the discussion of this amendment
to occupy very much of the time oi the Sen-
ate, but as the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Kelly] has called for a statement of the rea-
sons which induced the Committee on Appro-
priations to offer it, I will endeavor to pre-
sent a few of them, and will say before attempt-
ing to give my reasons that when I first began
the consideration of this question of granting
aid to steamship hues my impressions were
against the policy. I had not before exam-
ined the subject, but as I investigated it my
judgment was very plainly convinced that this
is the true policy of our Government. I will
say further, 1 believe such has been the expe-
rience of every committee hi either House of
Congress who have given full consideration to
this subject. It has been several times con-
sidered m both Houses in the Committees on
Post Offices and Post Roads and on Appro-
priations, and I believe this aid has ahvu_\s
almost unanimously met the approval of all
the committees who have investigated it.
In the consideration of this question some
facts very humiliating to American honor
I and American pride face us. It has been
j but a few years since we were among the
\ most powerful of all the ship-buiidmg and
. commercial nations of the world, and what
j are we to-day? Lookabioad uver the ocean ;
; oui waning commerce is almost driven tiom
I the seas ; our foreign trade is in the hands
j of our rival; our ship-yards, silent and de-
! serted, seem only as so many monuments to
j remind us of our former greatness and enter-
! prise; our skilled mechanics in this line,
: denied employment in their own country, are
seeking support in other lands where wiser
statesmanship prevails than seems to have pre-
vailed in ours. Our sailors, whose experience
and prowess once made the American name
respected and honored in every quarter of the
