1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3885
under an act approved May X, 1872, entitled
"An act repealing the duty on tea and coffee,"
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to draw his warrant upon the Treas-
urer, directing said Treasurer to refund the
same out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. The necessity for this amend-
ment arises from the fact that the act provided
for the payment, but did not authorize the Sec-
retary to pay it. This makes the appropriation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
remission of duties.
Mr. DAWES, bv unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back, with the recommendation thatitdo pass,
the bill (H. R. No. 1957) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund duties paid on
the chime of bells and clock imported for
St. Joseph's cathedral, Buffalo, New York.
The bill was read. It remits the duties on
the sets of bells and clock for St. Joseph's
cathedral, in the city of Buffalo, in the State
of New York, and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to repay to the bishop of the Roman
Catholic church, of the diocese of Buffalo, the
amount paid by said church for said duties,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. MAYNAUD. Is there a report in this
Mr. DAWES. There is no report, but I
will slate that this bill is in accordance with
the precedents established in the House by
previous Congresses. There are several pre-
cedents in like cases.
Mr". PARKER, of New Hampshire. What
is the amount of the duties?
Mr. DAWES. About twenty-three hundred
dollars for a chime of bells that were purchased
by the cathedral of Buffalo, New York. It is
precisely like the case of the cathedral of
Notre Dame. In that case a bill was intro-
duced here remitting the duties oil the chime
of bells several years ago.
Mr. MAYNAllD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether there is anything that dis-
tinguishes this case from any other case where
a church sends abroad and purchases a chime
of bells.
Mr. DAWES. The ground upon which the
remission of duties has been put in such case
is this : that these chimes are, m point of fact,
analogous to musical instruments, statuary, and
other articles of ornament which are excepted
by the La rill' law, and are admitted duty free. A
bill precisely like this was passed two or three
years ago, refunding duties to a church in
Indiana for a chime of bells that they had pur-
chased, and previous to that time other eases
like this, and that cannot be distinguished
from this, had been favorably acted on. It is
not deemed desirable to collect any part of
our revenue from such material. I hope the
bill will pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to this being
considered a precedent.
Mr. DAWES. This bill establishes no new
precedent, because a former Congress estab-
lished the precedent.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tune; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
f011t gratiot keskrvation
llr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (II.
Jti. No. 171) to provide for the sale of a part
of the light-house reservation at Port Huron,
in the State of Michigan.
Mr. DAWES. It is not necessary to read
the bill. It is recommended by the Treasury
Department and the Light-House Board.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bankrupt act.
Mr. MERCU R. I ain instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with
some amendments, the bill (II. R. No. 2475)
to amend an act entitled " An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1807,.
and the several acts amendatory thereof. I
will state that the bill is recommended unani-
mously by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Before my col-
league on the Committee on the Judiciary pro-
ceeds, I ask him to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MERCUR. I yield to my colleague.
message erom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the following bill:
A bill (H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the ap-
pointment of shipping commissioners by the
several circuit courts of the United States, to
superintend the shipping and discharge of
seamen engaged in merchant ships belonging
to the United States, and for the further pro-
tection of seamen.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed and requested the concur-
rence of the House in a bill of the following
title :
A bill (H. R. No. 1108) to amend an act
entitled "An act to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the thir-
teenth Tennessee cavalry," approved April
11, 18C9.
district c0u11ts in louisiana.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. The Committee
on the Judiciary, to which was referred House
bill No. 14, for the better organization of the
district courts of the United States within the
State of Louisiana, have unanimously instructed
me to report in lieu of that bill the one which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections, if any, will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that for the
more convenient transaction of business in
the courts of the United States within the
State of Louisiana, the said State shall be,
and the same is hereby, divided into two judi-
cial districts in the manner following, to wit:
the parishes of Rapides, Vernon, Grant,
Natchitoches, Sabine, De Soto, Caddo, Bos-
sier, Bienville, Webster, Winn, Claiborne,
Jackson, Union, Morehouse, Richland, Oua-
chita, Caldwell, Catahoula, Concordia, Frank-
lin, Tensas, Madison, and Carroll shall com-
pose one district, to be called the northern
district of Louisiana, and the remaining part
of the. State shall compose another district, to
be called the southern district of Louisiana,
and then makes provision for the transaction
of business in the districts so organized.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the attention of the
House to the fact that the simple purpose of
this bill is to create a new judicial district in
the State of Louisiana.
Mr. MOREY. This bill simply restores an
old district which we had in the State of Louis-
iana before the war. In 1808, while the State
of Louisiana was without representation upon
this floor, a bill was passed by Congress con-
solidating the two districts of Louisiana into
one. In the last Congress the Judiciary Com-
mittee, by a unanimous vote, if I am not mis-
taken, reported a bill identical'with this bill.
This bill Comes now from the'Committee on the
Judiciary with a unanimous report in its flavor.
Any one familiar with the amount of" business
in Louisiana will understand that there is a
necessity for this additional district. Inhere is
an important case there which'has been pend-
ing for six years, involving the largest railroad
interest in our State, and it would have been
decided long ago but for the want of facilities
there for the transaction of business before
the courts. The large amount of business
growing out of internal revenue matters, and
the maritime business there,- practically re-
sults in depriving those living in the northern
part of the State, several hundred miles away
from New Orleans, of justice under the pres-
ent arrangement. My colleague, [Mr. Shel-
don,] who is wellaequainted with tne business
in the district court at New Orleans from his
practice there, can testify to the correctness
of what I say.
Mr. SHELDON. Louisiana is a State of
forty-three thousand square miles of territory,
and with a population of about eight hundred
thousand. New Orleans is in the southeastern
corner of the State, about eight hundred miles
from the northwestern corner. It is a duty
which we owe to the people of the northern
portion of the State to give them an accessible
United States court. Shreveport lies in that
part of the State, a city that is growing
rapidly. The Red river runs through the pro-
posed northern district, and the Mississippi
river runs along one side of it. Justice de-
mands that we should give that portion of the
Slate the relief afforded by this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that almost
the entire business that goes into the Federal
courts of Louisiana must be the admiralty
business of New Orleans. The legal business
of the interior of the country is declining
rather than increasing. Day after day, as the
internal revenue taxes are decreased,, the inter-
nal revenue cases will fall off. I trust that this
bill will not pass, that the policy of creating
new Federal courts will receive a check.
I feel confident that a single district court is
sufficient for the State of Indiana, with a pop-
ulation three or four times as large as that of
Louisiana, and with ports upon both sides of
the State, on Lake Michigan and on the Ohio
river, and with as large an amount of legal
business as there is in Louisiana, where it is
almost entirely concentrated in one portion of
the State. 1 trust this bill will not be passed.
These courts are attended with enormous
expenses, and the rapidity with whieh they
are being increased suggests the necessity of
stopping their creation.
Mr. SHELDON. The gentleman should not
begin with the large State of Louisiana.
Mr. MOREY. There was a necessity for
this court before the war ; we had two district
courts there for years before the war.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. This bill has the
unanimous approval of the Committee on the
Judiciary. As long ago as 1849 the State of
Louisiana was divided into two judicial dis-
tricts. Those two districts existed up to 1866 ;
and then, upon a petition of the members of
the bar of.the city of New Orleans, the two
districts were consolidated into one.
Now, I do not know that it is necessary for
me to discuss the question in the considera-
tion of this bill.whether or not it is necessary
to have two districts in Indiana. Additional
districts have been created in almost all the
Slates of the Union; Ohio and Illinois have
each two districts and are each seeking a third.
Mr. HOLMAN. The sentiment of the
people of Ohio with regard to that third dis-
trict in favor of which the Committee on the
Judiciary reported in the last Congress is that
it was entirely unnecessary.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. That is not
material to the discussion. Whether Indiana or
Ohio ought to have two or three districts is not
a material question here. I believe it to be
