1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
m
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Sena tor ship—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.--
unfortunate as I was. He cannot make me
understand what lie meant, any more than I
can make him understand what I mean.
[Laughter.] So I will go on.
Mr. President, passing the effect of the act
of Congress—which I shall refer to again—we
have the case clearly before us. The Legisla-
ture on the day fixed by law proceeded to the
form of holding an election; and in legal effect
but thirty-two men voting in the house and
eleven voting in the senate, and the act of
Congress declaring that the man who received
the majority of all the votes cast, that is, all
the legal, constitutional votes cast, shall be
elected on that day, the question is whether
this man is elected by that minority vote.
That is the precise legal question ; and here
let me repeat, this matter, if borne in mind,
simplifies the whole discussion, and renders
unimportant the cases which were referred to
yesterday by my friend from Illinois. The law
is this: when an election is held by a body
competent to elect, as for instauce by a board
of directors electing a president of a corpora-
tion, or the directors of a bank electing a
cashier, or the burgesses of a city electing an
alderman ox a mayor, or the members of a
Legislature electing a Senator, in each and
every of these cases, if they cast their votes for
a man who is ineligible to hold the office, the
votes are void, because they are no votes;
that man cannot take his place; he is not
elected; he cannot be elected; and he has
had no votes; the votes are void. But it is
necessary in addition to that, in order to seat
the minority man, that those who cast their
votes at the time for the ineligible man knew
that he was ineligible; and if that fact also
exists in the case, then I assert here without
fear of successful contradiction that there is
no adjudicated case to be found contradicting
the well-settled English law that the minority
man is entitled to hold the office.
' It has been said here, and there is some
plausibility in it, that the members of that
Legislature who voted for Vance, although
they voted for a man whom they knew the
Constitution would not permit to be a Senator,
were not acting obstinately, contumaciously,
or criminally, because they thought Congress
would remove the disabilities. That is one
of those plausible suggestions which have to
he examined thoroughly to appreciate their
fallacy. To go a little aside for the pupose of
an illustration: we are all familiar with the
rule of law that an act done in mistake can be,
relieved by a court of equity. If I make a
contract with my colleague, with the belief on
his part and mine that a certain fact exists,
without which fact existing such contract would
not have been made, and we were both houestly
mistaken in it, a court of equity will relieve
us of the consequences of our mistake. But,
sir, without dwelling upon it, because there are
so many points here that I can only state them
without stopping to elaborate them, here is the
distinguishing point: such a mistake must be
a mistake as to some then existing fact. If I
make a contract with my colleague to do cer-
tain things in the sanguine hope that next year
it will be better with me than it is this year,
that some ancestor will die in good time and
leave me a large estate, or that I shall fall in
some other way into very prosperous circum-
stances and be able to carry out the contract,
and it turns out otherwise, no court of equity
can relieve me. Why? Was I mistaken?
Yes, in a very loose, popular sense ; not mis-
taken in any legal sense, because it was not in
regard to any existing fact. The facts at the'
time I made my contract'were just as I thought
they were ; things afterward did not turn out
as I had hoped they would. A court of equity
will always relieve a party who has contracted
under a mistake as to existing facts; they
never will relieve a man because his hopes
have not been realize^. There are a great
many reasons why such should not be the Case.
Here the Legislature must eleet a Senator,
not nominate him gpd refer it to us to determ-
ine whether he shall be a Senator or not.
The process which Senators on the other side
say may be had, that the Legislature m?.y elect
a Senator who cannot be seated, and then for
us to remove his disqualifications and seat
him, is substantially transferring the election
of Senator from the Legislature to Congress.
And here I desire to turn back upon my friend
from Illinois the argument he made on that
subject. If what he says about those eases in
the House of Representatives is correct, they
did make a member of Congress; there is, no
doubt of it; and if Mr. Vance comes here
declared ineligible by the Constitution and you
enable him to take his seat, you elect him, do
you not? You may drop the word " election,"
which perhaps is a.little unfortunate and am-
biguous ; you make himaSenator, you determ-
ine the question that he shall be a Senator,
and he never could be but for you. Now, who
makes him a Senator, the Legislature or you?
They could not make him a Senator, but you
do. But the Constitution says that thei Legis-
lature shall elect the Senator, and it is theis
duty to elect a man who will be entitled to his
seat without the action of any other Govern-
ment on earth. He (Tomes here in virtue of
that election. He comes here with the rights
conferred upon him by the election of the
State Legislature, and if he can take hiss seat
here at all, he must take it always in right of
that election, and that alone.
Now, Mr. President, it is admitted by the
majority report that the English cases, legis-
lative and judicial, for three hundred years,
and without the occurrence of a single dis-
senting decision, declare the law to be that in
an election viva voce, by a limited number of
electors, all votes cast for a candidate known
by the electors to be disqualified are thrown
away, and that the candidate having the ma-
jority of all votes cast for eligible persons is
duly elected; the votes cast for disqualified
candidates being regarded as blanks, but being
counted for the purpose of showing the pres-
ence of a quorum. We are sitting here to
decide a legal question", and we enter upon
the discussion with the admission on .all sides
that for three hundred years there has not
been an English case denying the rule of law
as I have stated it. From the earliest times
to the present hour the common law and the
law of Parliament have declared this rule. It
has received the sanction of many generations
of jurists and statesmen, and is to day admin-
istered in the courts of law, and in the Parlia-
ment of England. There is not an English
case, no, not one, in conflict with this rule,
nor an elementary writer on the subject ot
election who has ventured to controvert its
wisdom.
Now, then, I desire to know how we, sitting
here as judges to decide a legal question, can
honestly turn our backs upon the uniform
course of English decisions for three hundred
years. My honorable friend from Illinois said
yesterday, in substance—I cannot give his
language—that he was not much of an Eng-
lishman in taste or feeling ; he had not much
reverence for English courts or law; his face
was turned to his own country. That is right.
There are a great many reasons why a man
should turn his face to bis own country. But,
sir, we are not asking now what would the
people of this country desire the law to be;
we are simply inquiring what is the law.
Right or wrong, wise or foolish, what is it? If
by a cold examination of the cases and the
books it can be demonstrated that Mr. Abbott
is entitled to his seat, then he must have it;
but you may, if yon think it wise, pass such
laws as shall correct whatyou may thinkamiss ||
in the existing law. You are not.passing laws
to-day; you are not here in a legislative capa-
city ; you are here precisely as nine judges are
on the bench in another room in this capital,
with ho power to change anything in the law,
but simply bound by your oaths to ascertain
what the law is and honestly declare it,
whether it pleases or displeases you.
It must be confessed, Mr. President, that it
is a nov^l proceeding for a grave body like the
Senate of the United States, acting in a judi-
cial capacity, to determine a purely legal ques-
tion, to direct debate against the uniform cur-
rent of the law. I know that my distinguished
friend from Ohio [Mr. Thttrman] is to follow me
in this debate. I know his ingenuity and his
power, and I know that he will come thunder-
ing on-my lines with his heaviest ordnance;
and I desire to call his attention to this point,
for it will be a great satisfaction to see how a
mind like his, trained to and fashioned by the
methods of the profession, will have the
temerity to ask the Senate to commence the
investigation of a legal question by ignoring
the law.
Mr. T HURMAN. I can give in one sentence
an answer to that now; and that is, that there
is not one English decision that ever was pro-
nouneed which is applicable to this case, or
touches it in any way.
Mr. CARPENTER. That remark shows
that there is a substantial difference of opinion
upon that subject between the Senator and
myself. And while I did not expect that we.
should be able to agree altogether in the Sen-
ate, after our earnest disagreement in commit-
tee, still I am surprised at the Senator's last
remark.
Mr. THURMAN. It is because you ignore
One of the elements of this case.
Mr, CARPENTER. I am not now speak-
ing particularly about the facts of this case,
but am speaking of the law as it existed for
centuries before this case arose; and I repeat
the assertion that for three hundred years
there is not an English case decided by the
courts or by Parliament, nor an elementary
law-book denying or disproving the rule as I
have stated it. My object'is to call the atten-
tion of the Senate distinctly to this point, and
thus to enable the Senator from Ohio to put
me to confusion by presenting such a case, if
he can find it, and of availing myself of the
fact, if he shall be unable to do so. When I
speak of decisions, adjudications, the Senator
will understand me. It may be that in some
case the judges have employed language from
which the Senator may derive some comfort,
iu matters not necessary to be decided ; but [
am speaking, in the professional sense, of a
decision which, in the vigorous language of
the old law-books,terminated in a judgment;
that is to say, a decision which rendered the
judgment necessary ; without which it could
not have been rendered, and with which it
could not but be rendered.
The minority report in this case quotes
largely from the authorities. I shall therefore
refer to but few in the course of my remarks.
In a late case, Gosling vs. Veley, decided in
1848, (7 Q. B., 437,) LordDenman, delivering
the judgment of the court, after citing the cases,
said:
"Where an elector, before voting, receives due
notice that a particular candidate is disqualified,
and yet will do nothing but tender his vote tor him,
he must he taken voluntarily to abstain from exer-
cising his franchise; and therefore, however strongly
he may in fact d\ssent, and in however strong terms
he may disclose his dissent, he must be taken in law
to assent to the election of the opposing and quali-
fied candidate, for he will not take tbo only course
by which it can be resisted : that is, the helping to
the election of some other person. He is present as
an elector; his presence counting as Such to make
up the requisite number of electors, wher/5 a certain
number is necessary; but he attends only as an
elector, to perform the duty which is cast on him by
the franeise he enjoys as elector; he can speak only
in a particular language he can do only certain
