3886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
the duty of tlie Government to furnish the
means by which justice may be administered
speedily to the people.
In this case the courts of the city of New
Orleans are already overcrowded with busi-
ness. Persons are obliged to travel six or
seyen hundred miles over a country deficient
in railroad facilities for the purpose of attend-
ing to their business in the Federal courts.
Instead of the business of those courts falling
off, as has been intimated by my colleague,
[Mr. Holman,J just the reverse is the fact. It
is the experience of every lawyer that foreign
collections, as they are ordinarily termed, go
very generally into the Federal courts instead
of the State courts.
Mr. HOLMAN. And one object of in-
creasing the number of districts is simply to
enable gentlemen of large wealth and exten-
sive business to carry their suits into the Fed-
eral coprt§ insted of the State courts, as here-
tofore.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. The right to
go into the Federal courts exists under the
present law. A man living in the State of
New York, and desiring to sue another in
Pennsylvania, has the right to go into a State
court or a Federal court; and if he can pre-
vent another from setting up any defense, by
bringing a suit against him seven hundred
miles from where he lives, he will always do
so: That is my observation. The expense
attending the defense of a suit a long distance
from the defendant's residence often makes
it cheaper to pay even an unjust demand than
to defend against it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not my colleague aware
that the Federal judicial system is considera-
bly abused by persons going out of the State
in which they reside for the purpose of getting
into the Federal courts, with a view to mani-
fest advantages freqently resulting therefrom ;
and that claims are constantly transferred by
the parties interested in a particular suit to
persons outside of that State for the purpose
of giving jurisdiction to the Federal courts?
The whole system is being abused. The law-
yers are in favor of it because it concentrates
business at the leading commercial cities of
the State.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. My colleague
on the committee [Mr. Miciicur] advises me
that he will have to claim the floor unless this
question is at once disposed of. I therefore
move that the rules be suspended and the bill
passed.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, there were—ayes 98,
noes 24,
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
motion to suspend the rules was agreed to,
and the bill (H. R, No. 2933J was passed.
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPTCY LAW.
Mr. MERCUR. I move to suspend the rules
and put upon its passage the bill (H. R. No.
2475) to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States,1'approved March 2,'18G7,
and the several acts amendatory thereof.
The bill was read as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejirescnt-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That hereafter itsball be the duty of the
several circuit courts of the United States to ap-
point, and for cause shown to remove, all registers
in bankruptcy in the several districts within their
respective circuits \ and so much of said act as is in
conflict therewith is hereby repealed.
Sac. 2. That it shall be the duty of the marshal
of each judicial district to appoint such number of
deputies as the district court shall think necessary
and approve for the proper administration of the
bankrupt act; and said deputies when acting as
messengers of the court in bankruptcy,and making
service of notices, summons, and uthor process,
shall not be allowed any fees for constructive mile-
age, or for any other services than those actually
performed.
Sec. 3. That the first proviso in section fourteen
of said act be amended by striking out the words
"eighteen hundred and sixty-tour" and inserting
in lieu thereof " eighteen hundred and seventy-
one."
 Skc. 4. That nothing in said act contained shall
be construed to pass to the assignee any inchoate
right of dower of the widow of the bankrupt, or
other estate in lieu thereof, otherwise than accord-
ing to the laws of the several States in which the
property is situate.
Sec. 5. That the marshal shall be accountable for
all property of any alleged bankrupt which may
come into the possession of himself or any of his
deputies, as marshal or as messenger, and for the
proceeds of such as may have been sold while in his
custody or possession by order of the court, and
shall forthwith deliver and pay over the same to the
assignee, when appointed; and any neglect to de-
liver said property, or to pay over the proceeds
thereof to the assignee, on demand, shall bedeemed
a contempt of court, and such delivery or payment
may be entorced by the court by summary proceed-
ings ia the manner provided in the first section
of the act to which this is ah amendment. Any
marshal, deputy marshal, register, assignee, or
other person who shall willfully convert any por-
tion of the property of any bankrupt or alleged
bankrupt to his own use while the same is in his
official custody or possession, or under his control as
an officer of the court or of the law, or by authority
of the law, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon indictment and conviction therefor shall
be liable to be imprisoned not exceeding three years
and to a fine not exceeding three times the value
of the property thus unlawfully converted, either
or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 6. That where the debt or damage recovered
in any suit by any assignee in bankruptcy in any
United States court shall not exceed the sum of
$500, no costs shall be taxed or allowed to the
assignee.
Sec. 7. That hereafter no person or corporation
shall be declared an involuntary bankrupt except
upon his own application, unless his indebtedness,
provable under said act, shall exceed the sum of
63,000.
Sec. 8. That the liens acquired upon the property
of any debtor, according to the laws and. practice
of the courts of the several States and Territories,
prior to proceedings commenced in bankruptcy, by
judgments after due service of process or by attach-
ment in a suit or proceeding which shall have pro-
ceeded to judgment, or by virtueof execution issued
thereon, shall not be affected nor impaired by any
of the provisions of said act, and executions may be
issued or executed thereon with the same effect as in
all other cases: Provided, however, That any lien
acquired through the collusion or consent of the
debtor, in order to give preference to any creditor
or other person claiming any right against him, is
excepted from the provisions of this section.
Src. 9. That the provision of the second clause
of the thirty-third section of said act. as amended
by the first section of an act in amendment thereof,
approved July 27,1868, be, and the same is hereby,
amended by striking out "January, 1869," where
ever it occurs, and inserting in place thereof "July,
1873/'
Sec. 10. That when a creditor shall hold a judg-
ment against a person afterward adjudged a bank-
rupt, nnd shall cause the goods or estate of the
debtor to be taken in execution, he shall be allowed
to prove the debt represented by or included in said
judgment, after deducting the value of the lien
claimed by him, to be ascertained by the register
or judge, as fully and effectually, tor all purposes,
as if he had no lien.
Sec. 11. That section fourteen of said net is hereby
amended so that there shall be further excepted
from the operation of the provisions of said section
any or all policies of insurance upon the life of said
bankrupt, not exceeding in the aggregate the sum
of $5,000; and any and all debts and demands paid
in good faith by a debtor of the bankrupt, after the
proceedings in bankruptcv have been commenced,
and before the assignee is duly appointed and qual-
ified.
Sec. 12. That section thirty-nine of said act, as
amended by the second section of the act in amend-
ment thereof, approved July 14, 1S70, is further
amended by inserting the words " insurer; common
carrier," after the word '* manufacturer " and before
" or miner."
^ Sec. 13. That nothing in said act contained shall
limit the assignee's right to bring and sustain an
action to the district court of the district within
which he was appointed an assignee; but he may
bring an action in any district in which the defend-
ant may reside or be found.
Sec. 14. That no promise hereafter made shall
revive any indebtedness from which the debtor
shaJl have been discharged under and by virtue of
said act, unless such promise shall be in writing,
signed by the person to be charged, or by some per-
son by him duly authorized.
Sec. 15. Thatitisthe true in tent and meaning of the
several provisions of said act, in relation to a certifi-
cate of discharge and the impeachment thereof,
that such certificate of discharge can be impeached
in the court of the United States only which granted
the same.
Sec. 16. That the jurisdiction, powers, and duties
conferred upon the several district courts of the
United States under the said act be, and the same
are hereby, conferred upon the several district
courts of the several Territories; and tne jurisdic-
tion, powers, and duties conferred upofi the several
circuit courts of the United States, under the said
act, be, and the same are hereby, conferred upon the
supreme courts of the several Territories. And the
supreme courts of the several Territories shall have
power to presciibo the rules of practice which shall
govern said supremo courts, and the district courts
of the several Territories, in all- cases arising under
the said act. And the justices of the supreme
courts of the several Territories shall have the same
powers and jurisdiction within the'T respective dis-
tricts as are conferred upon the judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States by virtue of the
provisions of the said act.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this bill a report from
the Committee on the Judiciary ?
Mr. MERCUR. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it a unanimous report?
Mr. MERCUR. It is the unanimous report
of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I understand the bill
it extends the period when the bankrupt may
be discharged, irrespective of the amount of
debts paid, until July, 1873.
Mr. MERCUR. It makes some important
changes in the existing law,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate,
and move that the House adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that such a meas-
ure as this will uot be voted upon without dis-
cussion.
Mr. AMBLER. Allow me to suggest that
the bill be printed and called up again to-
morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It should certainly
be printed.
Mr. MERC UR. It has been printed a week.
SHIP COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. CONGER. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2044) authorizing the
appointment ol shipping commissioners by the sev-
eral circuit courts of the United States to superin-
tend the shipping and discharge of seamen engaged
in merchant ships belonging to the United States,
and for the further protection of seamen, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to* their
respective houses, as follows :
That the House lecede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and, with the
following amendment, agree to the same. In line
four, section one, strike out the words "for each/'
as inserted by the Senate amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the words " for such."
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the second amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
That at the end of linefour, section one, after the
word " circuits," the following words be inserted:
"as in their judgment may require the same, and
which shall also be ports of ocean navigation."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate amendments numbered 3, 4, 5,6, 7, 8, 9,
Id, 11,12,13,14,15,16, and 17, and agree to the same.
0. D. CONGER.
EUGENE HALE,
W. S. HOLMAN,
Manaffem on the par to/ the Iloust;
WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,
Z. CHANDLER,
GEO. VICKERS.
Manage)  on the part of the Senate*
Mr. CONGER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered 5 and under the
operation thereof the conference report was
adopted.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the conference report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. MERCUR. I move to suspend the rules
ia reference to a bill which was objected to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is too import-
ant a bill to force through here without amend-
ment.
Mr. MERCUR. As there appears to be a
desire to examine the bill I will move that it
be printed, and will call it up to-morrow,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let it be printed in
the Globe.
Mr. ELDREDGE, Let it be printed in the
regular way.
Mr. MERCUR. It is already printed.
Mr. POLAND. H is already printed, but
we desire to print it in the Globe so that all
may see it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If it is printed in the
regular way I see no propriety in having it
