2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
globe, are disappearing or taking employment
under the flag of other nations.
Compare for a single moment, if you please,
Mr. President, the condition of our commerce
in 1857 and in 1867. In the first of these
years our foreign trade in American vessels
amounted to $239,565,010, and in foreign
vessels to $104,854,631. In 1868 our trade m
American vessels was $113,313,303, and in
foreign vessels $371,849.274.
From these statements it will be seen that
the rapid increase of foreign tonnage is most
startling, as we discover that in the year 1808
nearly two thirds of the entire tonnage en-
tered in the port of New York was loreign,
whereas during the year 1857 it was scarcely
twenty per cent, of that total. In the year
1857, outof a value of $530,000,000, carried to
and from all domestic ports, only $131,000,-
000 went under a foreign flag. In 1867, out
ot $804,000,000 at all the ports, $577,000,000
were carried in foreign vessels.
1 will not dwell, Mr. President, upon the
statistics tending to show these facts. Any
one who wilt examine them will find that our
commerce during the last eight or ten years
has been rapidly disappearing from the seas,
and we are brought face to face with this ques-
tion : shall we sit still and do nothing and permit
our foreign rivals to exclude us from the ocean,
or shall we by a little wise statesmanship and
liberality secure to our own country that share
of the world's commerce to which the enter-
prise, energy, and genius of our people en-
title us?
The causes of this decline in our commerce
are perhaps well known to the country. I will
state very briefly what became ot a large por-
tion of our shipping. The loss is undoubtedly
attributable to the war and its results. The
tonnage captured and destroyed by the Ala-
bama and other rebel cruisers was 101,005.
The number of tons iiansferred to foreign
flags lo avoid capture, from 1802 to 1805 in-
clusive, was 801,o01. The number of tons
purchased by the Navy Department was 218,-
078 ; the number of tons chartered by the Uni-
ted States Government was 757,011. Here we
have a total of 1,879,495 tons, and the greater
part of the ships used in the war were useless
at the end of it. So that it was owing mainly
to the war that our shipping has diminished to
the extent it has. It is a part of the cost we
are compelled to pay for the preservation of
the life of this nation; and the question occurs
whether we have the statesmanship and the
courage to now make one honest effort at least
to retrieve a poi Lion of our losses, and to rein-
state ourselves upon the ocean.
Another reason lor this decline is found in
the wiser statesmanship, as 1 believe, of Eng-
land and France, and in the inexcusable neg-
lect of our own country. There was a time
when we manufactured ships for sale, wheu we
supplied even Great Britain with vessels j but
her statesmen, foreseeing what would be the
result of that course, adopted a change of
policy ; and in a speech, from which I will read
a brief extract, one of them discussing this
question in the British Parliament said :
"Inthus purchasing from America you aid in
developing her resources, in building up her com-
mercial and naval marine, in educating her me-
chanics; in a word, pushing forward every interest
of that country, and at the same time depressing
and retarding every interest of your own. Stop this
suicidal policy, build your owu vessels, educate your
own mechanics, and develop the resources of your
own country, and though such a course may costyou
more at present, in the future it will create a power
that will add to the nation's strength and wealth,
pay you tenfold back, and put you in a condition
to take advantage ot* any difficulties that may arise
between foreign Powers."
On one occasion the question came up
in the British Parliament, about the time that
they adopted this policy which has resulted so
favorably to their commerce, as to whether
the British mails should be given to the low-
est bidder irrespective of nationality ; in other
words, whether they should make any distinc-
tion between their own people and foreigners;
and upon the bids being received it was found
that the French bid was far below that of the
English mail carriers. Mr. Crawford, then in
Parliament, advanced this theory :
" Now, what I desire to do on this occasion is to
protest in the name of what I consider to be the
interest of the country and the intere^tot commerce
against the ships ot' any foreign country being em-
ployed in the conveyance of our mails.'
And the arguments then and there made
demonstrated the fact that to adopt the pol-
icy of permitting foreign nations to carry their
mails was to adopt a policy which would re-
sult in the breaking down of their ship-yards
and in the destruction of their commerce ; and
although it cost them very much more for the
time to carry iu their own vessels, they then and
there adopted that policy which has resulted
in giving them the supremacy upon the seas.
Now, Mr. President, a single word as to
what is the remedy for this condition of things.
A great many remedies have been proposed ;
a great many plans have been considered by
people in all parts of the country ; but I think
the one upon which those who have most care-
fully investigated the subject have settled down
is, that there must be Government aid to this
interest or it will be lost.
Some few years ago a committee was ap-
pointed in the other House to examine this
question, arid they made a very elaborate and
carefully-drawn report. After calling witnesses
from all parts of the country, men who were
experts in ship-building, men whose business
bad been to run ships and manage the com-
mercial interests of the country, the committee
came to this conclusion :
" The subsidies paid by Great Britain and France
to establish their steamship lines, and for the pro-
motion oi their general shipping interests, are le-
tumed to them many fold by the nations that pur-
sue a more narrow and short-sighted policy. It is
the United States that supports the foieigu steam-
ships which run to and from her poits, by the mail,
passenger, and freight money which she pavs to
them, rather than to establish lines of her own. Woise
still, while we caretully scrutinize every appropria-
tion for our own Navy, wo pay annually more to
support this most eflicient arm of the navy of Great
Britain than is asked for the support of our own.
"The testimony taken by the committee is. ueaily
unanimous that by ottering to our citizens the same
encouragement, and protection as is afforded by other
commercial nations to their citizens, our shipping can
bo built and lines of ocean steamers established as
fast as the requirements of business demand, and
that there would bo a present demand for ships if
they could be cheaply supplied."
Not only is tins recommended by the com-
mittee, but 1 will not take the tune of the
Senate to read the various recommendations
made by the officers of our own Government,.
In 1868 the Postmaster Geneial recommended
it. Ln 180'J he renewed very earnestly his
recommendation. In 1870 he again recom-
mended it and gave his reasons at length why
the pay to and service rendered by the steam-
ships running between China and the United
States should be doubled, demonstrating most
conclusively that the existing lines were pay-
ing to the Government more than they cost it.
Again, in 1870 President Graut used this lan-
guage :
"Our depressed commerce is a subject to which I
called your special attention at the last session, and
suggested that we will in the future look more to the
countries south of us and to China and Japan for its
revival. Our representatives to all these Govern-
ments have exerted their influence to encourage
trade between the United States and the countries
to which they are accredited. But the fact exists
that the carrying is done almost entirely in foreign
bottoms; and while this state of affairs exists we
cannot control our due share of the commerce of the
world. That between the P.uiitic States and China
and Japan is about all the carrying trade now con-
ducted in American vessels.
" I would recommend a liberal policy toward that
line of American steamers; one that will insure its
success and even increased usefulness."
Again, in his message in December, 1871,
he says;
"I would also recommend liberal measures for
the purpose ol supporting the American lines of
steamers now plying between San Prancisco and
Japan and China, and the Australia^ line, almost
our only remaining lines of ocean steamers, and of
increasing their services."
In 1871 the Postmaster General again re-
newed his recommendation to the same effect.
In the same year, 1871, the Secretary of the
Treasury uses this language :
" In considering the mean-; for the restoration of
our ocean commerce, two facts must be accepted:
fust that it is useless to attempt, to revive it with
wooden ships; and secondly, that iron ships moved
bv sails cannot compete with iron ships propelled
by steam. Hence, the only practical questions for
consideration are these; can the constiuction of
iron steamships he established in this country, and,
it so. by what means?
" The tiansocean commerce ot the United states
would employ about six million tons of shipping,
it each vessel made but oue round voyage in a year.
The value ol our exports and imports has already
reached the sum of nearly eleven hundred million
dollars, and during the present decade it will ex-
ceed fifteen hundred million dollars annually. The
annual leturns tor freight and passengers are about
one hundred million dollars.
• The history of the loss of our commerce, as
shown ill the statistics already siiven, renders it
certjm that without some efficient action on the
pill of the G-overninent, the entire foreign trade of
the country will soon pass into the hands of our
rivals."
And he goes on to argue the question at
some length. So that the committee, in making
this recommendation for the doubling ot this
service, are sustained by all the officers of the
present Administration who have had occasion
to examine this question, and by the Presi-
dent of the United Stales, by all the commit-
tees who have ever investigated it carefully,
and by the special committees appointed to
inquire particularly into this subject.
Mr. Piesident, the remedy that the commit-
tee propose is no experiment. We have tried
it. We have found it a suecsss, a success of
which the American people may well be proud.
Some five years ago, as wns stated by my
honorable friend, the Senator from California,
[Mr. Coi.e,] we enacted a law granting to the
company which carries the mail on this line
the sinn of $">00,000 a year to enable them to
put new ships into the service, and to perform
a monthly mail service between the United
States and Japan. What has been the result?
Without attempting to go into it fully and
state the statistics in detail, I will refer only ,
to a few points illustrative of the benefits s
which the Government iias derived from this >
service. ■;
In the first place, it has returned to the Gov-
ernment a sum much larger in the actual in-
crease ot revenue at one port alone during
these live years than the amount paid. I read
from statistics taken from the returns at San
Francisco, California. Since the China hue
was established in 1807, the Government has
already received back from increased duties
collected at San Francisco alone upon articles
entered for local consumption theie, more
than the entire amount expended for the mail
transposition. For live 3 ears the, total re-
turns to the Government at San Francisco in
increased duties and taxes and postages has
been §3,257,000; the total expenditure for
this mail service hus been $^,2oO,000, making
an actual increase of revenue from this line
at that single port during the five years we
have tried this experiment of §1,007,000 clear
profit to the Treasury.
I say then, Air. President, that fiuanciaUy
considered it is no longer an experiment,; it
is a triumphant and an honorable success, in
winch every American who feels an interest
in the development of the commerce of this
country should take pride.
But look at it for a moment from another
point,. What have we received in the way of
a commercial marine by reason of this aid?
That company, when it made application to
Congress five or six years ago for this subsidy,
proposed, in order to execute the law, to put
upon that line vessels enough to perform a
monthly service that should not be of less
than three thousand tons burden each. What
have they done? Have they kept that agree-
ment? They have put upon the main line
four vessels of over four thousand tons bur-
den, and in addition to that, without any fur-
ther subsidy, they have placed upon the inte-
