1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3887
printed again either by the Public Printer or
in the Globe. I therefore object to the motion.
Mr. MERCUR. There are slight verbal
amendments to the bill.
Mr. AMBLER. I understand it is in print
now as it has been amended.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Are the amendments
of the Judiciary Committee printed?
Mr. MERCUR. They are not.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. This is too important
a bill to press through, especially when we
know the Senate cannot and will not act on
it at this session. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
asking excuses f110ji night sessions.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Speeb, of Georgia,
and Mr. Kellet, of Pennsylvania, desire to be
excused from any night session of the House.
Mr. BIRD. 1 object.
COLMAN BAHONEN.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal lrom the files of the House
of the papers in the case of Colman Bahonen,
of Marion county, Georgia.
LEAVE OF AISSBNCK.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, by unanimous
consent, was granted leave of absence for the
remainder ot' the session on account of ill
health.
Mr. SEELEY, by unanimous consent, was
granted an indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. PERRY, of New York, by unanimous
consent, v/as granted leave of absence for live
days.
LKAVJS TO PKINT.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have printed in the Globe
some remarks which he had prepared in rela-
tion to affairs of the District of Columbia.
[See Appendix.]
leave of absence.
Mr. BIRD. I withdraw my objection to
the request that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Keli.ey] have leave of absence
from night sessions of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] objects.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Does any other gentle-
man object to the request of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley?] If there
be no objection it will be so ordered. The
Chair hears none.
senate bill no. 393.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a communication from
the Committee on Military Affairs of the
House, in relation to the bill of the Senate No.
Sl)3, with information as to its effect on the
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
claim by dakota territory.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting to the House
of Representatives information in relation to
the claim of Dakota Territory for pay, equip-
ments, services, &c., of troops called out by
the Governor for the defense of the Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
samuel brooks, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting to the House
papers in the case of Samuel Brooks, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
house bill no. 1970.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, returning to the Committee
cm Military Affairs the bill of the House (No.
1970) referred to the War Department for
information ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
j. scott payne.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the case of J.
Scott Payne, late first lieutenant fifth United
States cavalry; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
officers of army mustered out.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the restoration
to the Army of ail officers mustered out under
the act of July 15, 1870, who have been
wounded ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
district national savings bank.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a report of the funds and
investments of the National Savings Bank of
the District of Columbia, from its organization
to December 31, 1871; which was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT PltOPERTjr IN WASHINGTON.
The SPEAICERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds,
in answer to a resolution of the House of the
8th ultimo, submitting a statement of the con-
dition of the Government property in and
around Washington, and estimates of cost for
the improvement of the same; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
montana indian war claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting to the House of
Representatives additional papers pertaining
to the investigation into the Montana Indian
war claims of 1867; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
emanuel mason and son.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on Appro-
priations was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the papers in the claim of Eman-
uel Mason & Son ; and the same were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the papers were referred to the
Committee of Claims; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report of consular agent.
The SPEAICERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representative#;
In compliance with section two of the act ap-
proved July 11.1870, entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government tor the year ending June 30.1871.
and for other purposes," I have the honor to trans-
mit herewith the report ot D. B. K. Keira, agent to
examine consular affairs.  
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, May 24, 1872.
The message and the accompanying report
were referred to ihe Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. As this message has been
communicated to the Senate arid ordered to be
printed there, an order to print will not be
made.
treatment of jews in koumania.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, iaid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States :
To the HouiC of Representatives :
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 20cb instant requesting me to join
the Italian Government in a protest against the In-
tolerant and cruel treatment of the Jews in Rou-
mania, I transmit a report from the Secretary of
State relative to the subject.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington*, May 22, 1872.
The message and the accompanying report
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
commerce with british colonies-
The S PEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 14th instant, requesting informa-
tion in regard to the commerce between the United
States and certain British colonial possessions, I
transmit a report from the Secretary of State, and
the documents by which it was accompanied.
U. S. GRANT.
washington, May 21,1872.
The message and the accompanying papers
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
report of thb darien survky,
The SPEAKER also, hy unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following con-
current resolution of the Senate; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed m quarto
form seven thousand additional copies of the report
and accompanying maps of the Darien surveying
expedition, of which two thousand copies shall be
for the use of the Senate, four thousand copies for
the use of the House, and one thousand copies for
the use of the Secretary of the Navy.
survey of the upper mississippi, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con*
sent, laid before the House the following con-
current resolution of the Senate; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That tho mapsof the survey of the
upper Mississippi and Minnesota rivers, made under
tho direction of the War Department.be printed
and bound in quarto form, and that twenty-five
hundred additional copies be printed, of which five
hundred copies shall be for the use of the Senate,
one thousand copies for the use of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and one thousand copies for the use of
the War Department.
uk fort of smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER. The Senate sent to the
•House a concurrent resolution in reference to
the printing of the report of the Smithsonian
Institution. The House amended it. The
Senate returns it with the amendments of the
House disagreed to. The Clerk will read the
resolution as it originally came from the
Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That twelve thousand five hun-
dred additional copies of the report of the Smith-
sonian Institution for the year 1871 be printed,
twenty-five hundred of which shall be for the use of
tho Senate, five thousand for the use of the House,
and five thousand for the use of the institution:
Provided, That the aggregate number of pages of
said report shall not exceed four hundred ana fifty,
and that there shall bo no illustrations except those
furnished by the Smithsonian Institution.
The SPEAKER. The House amended the
resolution so as to increase the number of
copies to twenty-five thousand, five thousand
to be for the use of the Senate, ten thousand
for the use of House, and ten thousand for
the use of the institution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will
recede from its amendments.
Mr. BEATTY. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What has become
of my motion to adjourn?
TheSPEAKER. It is pending. [Laughter.]
ligiit-iiouse at new haven.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2934) for the
erection of a light-house on the southwest
ledge of New Haven harbor, Connecticut;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
