1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2991
rior waters of China and Japan six other ves-
sels averaging some two thousand five hun-
dred tons each. So that for the subsidy of
$500,000, granted by the act organizing this
service, we have now a commercial marine on
the waters of the Pacific and the inland waters
of China and Japan of ten vessels, valuable
for commerce in tune of peace, and equally
valuable for national defense in time of war.
Now what is proposed if the amendment
offered by the Committee on Appropriations
be adopted ? An additional" service of four
vessels of five thousand tons each for the main
line, and eight other vessels to start new branch
lines between Yokohama and various other
points in Asia, which will make, if the new
service be granted, twelve additional vessels
of large size capable of being used for com-
mercial purposes, and of being also applied
to war purposes in case of war; and the
amendment which the committee propose to
this bill requires that these vessels shall be
placed at the service of the Government in
case of war, which the Government, 1 appre-
hend, would have the right to do without such
provision, but the Government may take them,
paying a reasonable compensation for their use.
Now, sir. examine this question for a single
moment in comparison with our present system
of furnishing a Navy. We have as one of the
results of the precedent aid ten large ocean
steamers at a cost of about fifty thousand dol-
lars a year for each vessel, not deducting any-
thing for the postages which they earn. It
was only yesterday that we passed a bill
through the Senate appropriating over seven-
teen million dollars for our present Navy. I
submit whether it is not worth the considera-
tion of the Senate to compare for a moment
the economy of increasing our naval strength
by additions to sur merchant marine as Gieat
Britain now does, aud when it can be done so
cheaply, as we have thus far been doing, rather
than to expend the many millions which we
are now expending on the Navy. 1 would like,
without casting any reflections or imputations
upon our Navy, (for I am, as the Senator from
New Jersey yesterday said he was, proud of
the achievements of our Navy, and I would say
nothing against it,) to compare for a moment
the results of money expended in a merchant
marine, which can be used for defense in time
of war, with the amount expended without a
question on our Navy. Before doing so I
desire to say that in the investigation made
by the House co'mmittee, to which I referred
a moment ago, the question was raised as to
whether vessels of this character can be made
available and effective in time of war. 1 will
read a few extracts from the evidence of Ad-
miral Porter on that subject. In his testimony
before the committee he said:
" That the European Governments had taken away
entirely the American comnierce_ on the Atlantic,
and that we had now no steamships in tile foreign
trade, except one or two running to Brazil. If the
United States possessed the steamships plying be-
tween New York and Europe, the Government would
have a better iSTavy than it everhad. There wasnot
a ship in the American 1ST .ivy that could compare
with the best ships on the English and French lines
ill point of speed, stability, or for carrying guns.
Theship that wouidcarry merchandise would carry
guns."
Further on, the chairman of the committee
propounded this question :
" I understand you to say that if we had, at the
commencement of our late war, thirty such vessels
as you speak of—the best European steamers—they
would have been as efficient as was our entire Navy."
To this. Admiral Porter replied:
"Twice as efficient; I say that without any hes-
itation. The ships that we had could catch nothing.
We never had a vessel that could run down ablock-
ade-runner during tlic whole war, except the Van-
dorbilt and two others. Whenever we caught block-
aders, it was either with one ot those fa-t tugs, vessels
of fifty or sixty tons, or by the machinery of the
blockade-runner breaking down, or by her getting
into a fog and being surrounded by four or live ot
our vessels, when she would surrender rather than
be fired at. I do not think that during the war we
caught thirty vessels by fair running; that I am
quite satisfied of."
Mr. President, a good deal was said yester-
day as to the expensiveness of our Navy. It
is stated in this testimony of Admiral Porter,
that—
" It has cost us, since the commencement of the
war, about four hundred and eighty million dollars;
and what have we to-day to show for it in our Navy ?
He believed that thirty ships such as the Pereire, on
the French line, would make a better Navy than the
United States possessed to-day. There were a great
many iron-elads on the Navy list, but twenty-six of
them had been condemned as being unfit tor any-
thing, except for old iron, and no one would buy
them for that. There were about thirty good vessels
in the Navy altogether, fit for war purposes, and
these were wooden vessels, and about ten monitors."
So that according to this sworn testimony we
have now of vessels that are available for pub-
lic service, about thirty wooden vessels and
about ten monitors, as the result of what? If
this testimony be true, we are appropriating
this year over twelve million dollars, and the
result is that we keep afloat some thirty or forty
vessels which are of little use as compared
with these merchant vessels of larger size and
built for swift running.
1 submit, then, Mr. President, whether it is
not well, in considering the increase of strength
of our Navy, to consider the propriety of
doing as Great Britain has so successfully
done, increase our merchant maiine and make
it, available in time of war. Each vessel in
the Navy costs over three hundred thousand
dolluis per annum, while these, which will be
equally useful in war, cost only about.fifty
thousand dollars each in time of peace. I
submit that as a matter of economy alone this
question is worthy of our consideration, and
1 also suggest to Senators whether they will
sit longer inactive and indifferent while our
commerce is being swept from the ocean, or
act with courage and decision upon the sys-
tem shown thus far to be so efficient, act upon
the policy of our successful rivals, and build
up a commercial marine that shall poui the
wealth of the nations into our lap in time of
peace, and that shall be available for war pur-
poses in time of war?
I do not desire to detain the Senate longer.
Mr. STEWART. I believe we are agreed
that it would be well if we could do something
to revive commerce. I think this far we are
all agreed. There are various causes assigned
for the decline of our commerce. 'The principal
cause assigned is our war and the destruction
of our commerce during that period; and it is
said that on account of our high wages and
tariffs it is impossible for us to maintain a
commerce to compete with Great Britain.
Of course these two causes are .something, but
they arc not all. As has been suggested by
the Senator from Minnesota, there are other
reasons. During the last fifteen years the
commerce of the world has been transferred
from sailing vessels to steamships, and Great
Britain has been enabled to monopolize that
commerce through her superior steam vessels
and her ability to carry freights cheap. It is
not all owing to the difference in the price of
labor. That has not given her all this advan-
tage. It is not all owing to the fact that our
merchant marine was destroyed during the
war. Great Britain, in order to retain her
supremacy and enable her steamship lines to
curry freights c'ucap, so that they can drive
all other lines from the ocean, expends an-
nually over five million iu gold in the shape
of subsidies.
It is very evident that it is impossible for
our country to build steamships and compete
with Great Britain if we take into account
the difference in the price of labor and our
adverse tariffs, which make the price of every-
thing higher here; and if, besides these, Great
Britain adds a subsidy to competing lines and
we give none, of course we cannot expect the
superior enterprise of America to overcome
all these disadvantages. We have tried the
subsidy on a small scale in one instance, (and
it is about all we have done,) for the China
and Japan line, and it has proved a success. I
need not go into details. It has brought us
into relations with those countries. I believe
the Brazilian line has also been established;
and that is an important one. Where we have
given a little subsidy the enterprise of this coun-
try has been able to overcome the difference
in the price of labor. There was a difference
in the price of labor before the war almost as
great as there is now, because labor has gone
up very much in Europe. There was a differ-
ence in the price of everything before the war
between this country and Great Britain.
Prices have advanced in Europe almost as
much as they have here. Things have set-
tled down pretty much to their normal condi-
tion, so far as prices are concerned, for we
are very nearly back to the specie basis ; but
we cannot overcome their subsidies unless we
grant subsidies. Where we have done so we
have not met with success.
We have opened a trade with China and
Japan ; we have secured more intimate rela-
tions with those nations. The whole country
is attracted by the relations we are establish-
ing with them, and anticipating great benefits
therefrom. The trade of those countries has
been sought for by the civilized world for the
last three hundred years. They are right at
our doors. They come here when their ports
are open to us. When they desire commercial
relations to be increased with any countiy,
when they desire their diplomatic relations to
become more friendly, they come to this coun-
try first. We are their natural neighbors and
ought to be their friends. The commerce of
the Pacific is naturally and legitimately be-
tween Asia and America. They lie on opposite
sides of the same ocean. No one who has
given the subject any consideration can regret
the experiment which we have tried. We have
tried the experiment of subsidizing this one
line to the extent of $500,000 a year in green-
backs, less than one tenth the amount of sub-
sidies given to different lines by Great Britain.
We have tried this experiment, and it has
proved a success ; it has put a large number
of ships, as you have just been told, into the
merchant service.
Now, we do need ships in the merchant ser-
vice, we need a merchant marine, and without
it we never can have a navy. You never can
have a navy aud no other country has ever
been able to build a navy relying on the navy-
yards alone. Private enterprise must build
up navies, private enterprise must educate the
men to build navies. Your Navy must be sus-
tained by your merchant marine, and if you
are unable to sustain a merchant marine you
cannot sustain a navy. Take away from Great
Britain her merchant marine, where she edu-
cates seamen for hei navy, and she may spend
double the money she is now spending on her
navy and in ten years' time she would be as
helpless as we are.
If we were to spend the same amount iu
subsidies so as to compete with the subsidies
granted by Great Britain to her steamships,
$5,000,000 a year in gold, we should have
steamships upon every principal line in the
world, and our people could do it. There is no
doubt of it. They can run a line to Great Brit-
ain with a little encouragement.
The difference in the cost of labor will not
be a very serious obstacle, because tliat has
before been overcome by the skill and energy
of American mechanics. Prices are now so
equalized that that is not much in the_way,
and Great Britain realizes that fact and sub-
sidizes steamship lines that enable her to rim
them between all the important points of the
world and do freighting cheap. She pays
subsidies in order that she may be the cheapest
carrier ; and if, m competing with them, our
enterprising mechanics, after having overcome
the difference in the cost of labor and the
burdens created by youi tariff, have to meet a
competition sustained by five millions m gold,
they cannot do it.
