1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
Senates
tion or not. Judge Perkins dissented upon
this point, but vindicated the principle in
cases where the disqualification was known.
He says:
" 1. Where, at an election, there are opposing can-
didates for an office, and the candidate receiving the
highest number of votes is ineligible, but, from a
fact or cause which the voters did not and were not
bound to know, the result is a failure, and gives no
candidate a rightto theoffice, and should be followed
by another election.
"Probable examples, under this proposition, of
cases whoro the voters might not have knowledge,
namely, infancy of candidate, non-residency, want
of naturalization, not of male sex, not of requisite
degree of white blood, not in existence. This last
•was the fact in the case cited from 38 Maine Reports,
Appendix. There a portion of the people by mis-
take voted for a person not iu being. The case of
the State vs. Swearinger, (12 Georgia Reports, 23.)
•was a case of non-residency.
"2. Where the voters at the election do know, or
are legally bound to know, so that, in law, they are
held to know of the ineligibility of a candidate, the
election does not result in a failure; but, in such
case, the eligible candidate receiving the highest
number of votes is legally elected' and entitled to
the office.
"Against this proposition we have not found a
single authority. Those relied on as such by the
court below were the cases in 38 Maine R. and 12
Ga., mpra, and the State ve. Giles, (1 Chand. Wis.
R., 112.)
" Of the case in Maine we have said enough above.
" Of the cases in Georgia and Wisconsin, it may be
remarked that neither of them involved the point
now under consideration, and what is said upon it is
mftre dicta, and neither of the cases cites a single
authority.
"The point involved in the Georgia case was
whether a certain corporate town in that State could
elect to office in it a person not residing within the
corporate limits, and it was held that it could. This
closed the case.
"The point involved in the Wisconsin case was
this: the constitution, article six, section four, pro-
vided that sheriffs should be ineligible for two years
next succeeding the termination of their offices. A
sheriff, in office at the time the constitution was
Adopted, was elected his own successor under the
constitution; and it was held that he was legally
elected, and that the disability imposed by the con-
stitution related only to elections and terms held
under the constitution. The decision of this point
disposed of the case; and what is said beyond it, as
in the Georgia case, if not improperly, but still is
very loosely and carelessly said, and' is not binding
as authority.
" But while there are no authorities adverse to the
second proposition above laid down, there is a cloud
of them vindicating its correctness. As the atten-
tion ot the court below does not appeal to have been
called to them, we shall here indicate where they
mav be found and examined.
" Mr. Grant, a late accurate English writer on cor-
porations, at page 208, says: 'As has been stated, a
disqualification, patent or notorious, at once causes
the votes given for the candidate laboring under it
to be thrown away; the same would probably be
held to be the case where the electors had the means
of knowledge ot the candidate's Qualification, or the
contrary, and might have ascertained the facts if
they had pleased.' Numerous cases are cited to
sustain these positions.
Judge Cushing, in his American work on the
Law of Legislative Assemblies, at pages 66, 67, lays
down the same doctrine as dedueible from the de-
cid pd cases.
" Where the same ineligibility of a candidate arises
from his holding or having held a public office, the
people within the jurisdiction of such office are held
in law to know—are chargeable wi|h notice—of such
ineligibility; the votes given for such candidate are
of no effect, and his highest eligible competitor is
elected." (Granton Corp., supra, p. 107; Biddle vs.
WUl.ird, 10 Iud. 11., 62, on p. 68.)
This is by far the best considered and most
ably reasoned American case upon this sub-
ject. Indeed it is the only one in which the
question has been fully discussed, except a case
of Commonwealth vs. Reid, iu the common
pleas of Philadelphia, which I shall refer to
hereafter.
I come, now, to consider the grounds upon
which it is proposed to repudiate the English
authorities and the doctrine of the American
writers upon this subject. The speech of the
honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
was the same in doctrine as the majority re-
port., and as his speech is not in the Globe of
to-day, I shall do him greater justice by re-
ferring to the report, than by attempting to
state his speech from recollection.
One reason given for not following the
English authorities is, that they require notice
of the disqualification of the candidate to be
given at the polls, and Isuppose it is insisted that
inasmuch as no notice is proved to have been
given in this case, the authorities do not apply.
Now, sir, the only efficacy of the notice in the
English practice is that it is regarded as evi-
dence that the electors knew the candidate to
be disqualified. No formality is required in
regard to the notice. It need not be in writ-
ing ; it need not be served by copy on the
elector ; and the only office it performs is that
it serves as evidence that the elector had
knowledge of the disqualification of the can-
didate. Here it is proved and admitted that
the electors had such knowledge, and of course
it was unnecessary to notify them of what they
already knew. In the English practice, for
the purpose of showing knowledge in the
elector, you prove that some one gave notice,
that is, some one informed the"elector of the
fact; but here the knowledge is admitted.
Another reason given for repudiating the
English authorities is stated in the report, as
follows:
" But is such a principle applicable in a Govern-
ment based upon the theory that the power emanates
from the people? In the British Government the
case is exactly the reverse, as there the theory is that
the power originates with the monarch, and the
privileges allowed the people to select represent-
ative? are, under that theory, considered as conceded
and not as inherent rights. But this Government
rests upon an entirely different basis. Here the
power originates with the people, and that_ which
the Government, is authorized to exercise is con-
ceded by the people. The right to designate who
shall exercise this power has never been delegated."
I confess my utter inability to see the, force
of this reasoning in this case, where thepower
was delegated by the people to elect a Senator.
If there is anything in the argument whatever
that where the people are exercising an inhe-
rent right this consequence of seating the
minority man follows, then the argument in
this case is perfectly conclusive against the
majority of the committee, bgcause the seating
of the minority man is made to rest upon the
ground that the elector is exercising an inhe-
rent right, and not a delegated power. It iff
that in this case the Legislature in attempting
to elcct Vance, or electing a Senator, were
exercising a delegated power—delegated in a
double sense : first, by this Government to the
State government; that is, by our Constitution ;
and second, by the people of the Stale to the
Legislature ; that is, by the people , electing
them to go to the seat of government and elect
a Senator. So that Abbott's claim is sustained
by the very argument made, against it. The
argument of the report opposes its conclusion,
and if there was anything at all in this view, it
would be perfectly fatal to the ground upon
which the report rests; but, to be perfectly
candid, I am bound to confess there is nothing
at all in it. The idea that there is any such
theory of the British Government, I totally
deny.
Mr. THURMAN. You deny what?
Mr. CARPEN TER. That the rights of the
people are a matter of grant, grace, and favor
from the king, or letters-patent from the
Crown; that the king reigns by divine right,
and all that. That never was the theory of
the English Government. I do not deny that
some towering tyrants of the line of Plan-
tagenet, Tudor, or Steuart, may have set up
such a pretension, but I deny that it ever was
the theory of the British constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The barons compelled
their king to admit the reverse.
Mr. CARPENTER. The barons, as my
friend says, compelled King John to admit
the reverse. And here is the fallacy of the
assumption on the other side. That great
charter is called a grant of rights from the
king to the people. The barons did not call
it a grant. They made it to be an admission
of what had been from time immemorial
the rights of every Englishman, and m the
bill of rights which follows it and clinches
it, these rights are declared in express words
to be the ancient and undoubted rights of
Englishmen. Why, sir, the reigning family
to-day hold "the throne of England by act of
Parliament. William and Mary were put upon
the throne out of the line of succession by act
of Parliament, and the succession was fixed in
them by the act of settlement. The Crown
to day is held under authority of Parliament
and might be changed to-morrow by act of
Parliament. If Queen Victoria should die
to night Parliament might to-morrow set aside
the Prince of Wales and put another man,
even a private subject, on the throne of
England.
The whole theory in this report about the
English Government being different from ours,
and that having anything to do with this ques-
tion, seems to me to be a very great mistake.
Is there any theory, for instance, in the Eng-
lish Government respecting the election ,of a
member of Parliament such as that the ma-
jority have not the right to elect? Hear this
report:
"The method by which this choice shall be made
known consistent with this theory can never be
otherwise than by giving the majority or plurality
the right to decide. Any attempt to restrict the
right of the votor is an attempt to iijvade that
right; therefore, the theory that casting a vote
knowingly for an ineligible candidate is in the
nature of a crime "—
I never heard that before—
" which may be punished by ignoring the act of the
majority and recognizing the act of the minority, is
in direct confliot with that most saored right which
the people of this Government hare always guarded
with jealous care. Such a rule is consistent with
the theory of the British Government, as it affords
one means of preventing the power from passing
into the hands ol the people;"
Mr. President, here we have a report of a
committee of the American Senate declaring
that the election laws of the British Govern-
ment are intended to prevent the majority of
the voters from electing members of Parlia-
ment. If that be true, why not accomplish
the end by a single actof Parliament, as might
be done to-morrow? Does anybody suppose
that it is the theory of the English Govern-
ment, as administered by the House of Com-
mons and by the English courts, that the
people, that is, the voting people, shall be
cheated and muzzled, and deprived of their
rights to elect a man? No such thing.
This report proceeds upon the ground that
our argument denies to the majority of the
Legislature of North Carolina the right to
elect a Senator on that day. By no means.
Nobody questions that they were capable of
making an election; nobody questions that
it was their duty to elect. The trouble about
it is, not that they did not have the right to
do it, but that they would not do it, and did
not do it. While the right of the majority to
make an election is conceded, it is not con-
ceded that the majoirity have a right, to pre-
vent the election. If the elective body is,
present in legal capacity by its quorum, and
proceeds in the forms of law to an election
and but five men vote, the rest of them con-
sent that those five men shall make the elec-
tion ; and that is the language of the English
cases, the very ground upon which they are
put. They say if a body of twenty men are
called upon to make an election and eighteen
sit by and only two vote', the eighteen consent
that the two shall elect; it is the action of tho
majority if they are present in legal quorum;
and if they are", it is not necessary that they
should participate in the act. That is pre-
cisely the principle upon which the English
cases rest.
It will be seen that there is no distinction in
any vital point between the election here in
