304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
J A. SO WARD.
Mr, CHAFFEE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 874) for the relief of J, A. Soward ; which
was lead n first aud second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roada.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
875) to amend and consolidate the several acts
establishing and relating to a Metropolitan
police of the District of Columbia: which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
DEBT OT WASHINGTON CITY 1
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 876) to fund the debt of the city of i
Washington ; which was read a first and sec- ;
ond time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
ACCRETIONS IN PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced .a bill (H.
R. No. 877) relating to accretions in the public
land States and Territories, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred tothe Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Thfe SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called through for bills on
leave and joint resolutions, they will now be
called for House resolutions and bills for
action at the present time.
TRANSCONTINENTAL SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. LYN CH submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That tb© President be requested to take
such steps as may be deemed necessary to ascertain
tbe views of European Governments in regard to
international cooperation for the construction of a
ship-canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Mr. BANKS. This resolution, which would
commit the Government, to a very important
step, ought not to be adopted without consid-
eration. I ask the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] to consent to its reference to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, assuring
him that it shall, as promptly as possible, be
reported npon.
Mr. LYNCH. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs desires that disposi-
tion of the subject I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. It is so referred.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. LYNCH. If it be in order I have a
memorial which I sbouidlike to introduce and
have printed in the Giobe.
The SPEAKER. Is it in connection with
this same subject?
Mr. LYNCH. No, sir. It is in reference
to French spoliation claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman on that subject after the morn-
ing hour.
RELIEF FROM IMPORT DUTIES,
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 878)
to relieve American-baiit steamers and vessels
from import duties laid upon materials and
articles entering into their construction, repair,
and use; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill provides tbatall import duties here-
after collected on materials entering into the
construction of vessels and steamers built in
the United States shall be returned to the
builders thereof, under regulations to be estab-
lished for such purpose by the Secretary of
the Treasury; and all articles of foreign "pro
duct needed for subsistence on American ves-
sels and steamt-rs engaged in foreign trade,
or in the use or repair of American vessels and
steamers, may be withdrawn from bonded <
warehouses free of duty.
Mr. HALE. I demand .the previous qoes- :
tion on the passage of the bill,
Mr. DAWES. I hope that will not be done,
but that the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of that
bill again.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a point of order.
Has the gentleman from Maine given notice
of his intention to submit that bill?
The SPEAKER. That is a question of
fact.
Mr. HALE. I have given notice under the
rales.
The SPEAKER. So the clerks inform the
Chair.
The bill was again read.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to say that
matter is before the Committee of Ways and
Means, and this bill should go to that com-
mittee.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
45, noes 70; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER under the rule ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Randall and Mr.
Hale.
Mr. COX. I wish to call the yeas and nays
on this subject.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69. noes 64.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to debate the reso-
lution.
Mr. RANDALL. That is all right: let it be
referred to a committee.
Mr. COX. I desire to say this 
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate unless
we have an opportunity to reply.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. I wish to make a parliamentary
inquiry: that is, when will this subject come
up again if .the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to refer the bill to the Commu-
ij tee of Wavs and Means be voted down ?
L The SPEAKER. It could not be debated
on the day of its introduction.
Mr. COX. I wish to say that we on this
■ : side of the House 
I, The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
'> debate the resolution.
i' Mr. DAWES. The whole subject is before
tbe Committee of Ways and Means now.
Mr. COX. A committee which will never
do anything to rescue our shipping.
Mr. RANDALL. You cannot take snap-
judgment on a bill like this, and push it through
the House without debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that this bill be referred to the" Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see why this bill
should go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELDRIDGE., I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not prevail will not the bill
be before the House for the purpose of debate,
going over to some day when it can be reached?
Mr. DAWES. That is a question which the
gentleman from Wisconsin can answer for hi m-
selt. a.-, he ia weil aware that reaching a meas-
ure id one of the most uncertain problems in
this Hon^e.
Mr ELDRIDGE. Not quite so uncertain
as to bury it in the hands of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr, DAWES. I do not see why the gentle-
man from Wisconsin should say that tbe bill
would be buried in the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Because it has been the
grave of all such things.
Mr. DAWES. Fhis committee has not had
time to dig anybody's grave.
The SPEAKER, if the resolution goes
over, it will be open for debate in the fraction
of any future morning hour remaining after
going through with the call of States for
bills and resolutions, and the gentleman from
' Wisconsin munt be aware of the very small
probability of its being reached under these
circumstances.
Mr. RANDALL. Idefiire to know whethei
1 the Committee of Ways aud M-'-arn is not the
m appropriate committee to which this shouidgo.
' I cannot approw ot having an important bill
' like this snapped through the House without
■ any consideration.
,i Mr. DAWES. It concerns tbe duties to b-
i, levied on certain materials, and therefore should
; go to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr COX. It concerns commerce rather
!' than the taritf. and I submit that question to
] the Chair
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
: arv point. It is one for the House and not the
; Chair to determine.
| The question was on Mr. Holmax's amend-
Maeat, to refer the bill to the Committee on
Commerce, instead of the Committee of Ways
;* and Means: and being token, was decided in
the negative—ayes 55, noes 74.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
;• Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
, setts, [Mr. Dawes,j to refer the bill to the Com
mittee of Ways and Means.
■ Mr. ELDRIDGE. On 'hat question I de
'[ mand the yeas and nays.
j1 The SPEAKER. Pending that demand foi
|; the yeas and nay* the morning hour has ex
pired, and the bill goes over.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is just as weil that it
J should be so as to have it in the hands of the
1 Ways aud Means Committee,
i. i'RKNCII CLAIMS.
- Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
• present a memorial of the merchants of Port-
^ land, asking indemnity for French c;aims, and
request that, it be printed in the Globe,
i, Mr. BxiNKS. I object to priming in the
' Giobe. There are hundreds of these memo
rials presented every day.
: j Mr. LYNCH. The printing of this one will
ji serve for all.
j: Mr. BAN IvS. I know it: but then it wHi be*
i; on record that one is printed in the Globe and
: another is not." I insist on my objection.
!1 The SPEAKER. The order to print in the
Giobe requires unanimous consent, and the
ji gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
|| objects. The memorial will be referred to the
ji Committee of Claims.
jj REPORT 01' THE COMMISSIONER Oh PENSIONS
I, Mr. WILLARD. by unanimous consent, pre
j, sented a report of the Commissioner of Pen-
!; sious, addressed to Hon. C. W. Willaho, chair-
man of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and the War of 1812, aud asked that it be
printed in the Globe.
There was no objection. The report ts as
follows :
DEPtHTMENT ')K THE INTFRIOK,
PSNSION BlP.EAI:, January B. 1STJL
Sir: I have the honor to iioknorei^iee the receipt
ot your communication of toe ustb Uit'imo, rtintiro
to various question; iinoiicd in c«ii'-'t>i)<!ate<l
amendments to flip ^ct of Fcivuiry !4,1ST1 c.-.,nt-
ing pensions to the survivor? of U   w ir ot lbi2 «'!)>•
served sixty cbiys, and to their iv:uou:?, nrd ,u?o to
matters Conno-fed wifh tho b.onitv hu;u or. >i";i ot
tiii- office: nod. in cnnpimfiro with i.,,'!!-"?:,
to furnUh the following iii-urmaiion, take.; from
tho files and records of this bureau, in iw ,y to ;I.e
int.erro;*arorici- contained in your letter, wnicii art-
answered "Ci tntun.
I. "i|ow many--oldieri served in thoivarof 1812,
and too length ot service, wiietticr one month, iwo
or uioroY"
The number of-oidicr^, sailor*, ant murine vrli«>
^served nveivc month? or inor* . .  Go,17'.'
Number of imima. who &ei vetl mouth* or
m<>re 
Number of xuiSUi.itvno served three
^or more  125.043
Number of rtiihfiu w!i « onu mvjjtu or
^iflure . .  IjS.307
Number of miiuut who served less than on«
rnvruh         1-J77J0U
Total    527,054
