2992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
I look on it as very important that we should
encourage lines that go to countries like China
and Japan and to South America for many
reasons. Those countries have many things
that we want. They compete with us in
nothing. Our trade with thetn is all an ad-
vantage to us. If we can get them to con-
sume our commodities and take something
of us, they are our very best customers, and
we ought to be theirs. I say this line having
been such a success, it being proposed now to
double the service, I am for it. This amend-
ment provides, I believe, for doubling the ser-
vice.
Mr. WINDOM. Semi-mouthly trips.
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that under
all the ciicuinstancea to give Asia a semi-
monthly service is an advantage, and thou if
you would give four millions to other lines,
you would open your ship-yards.
I do not want to reflect on the Navy ; but
you had better spend this money in this way
than spend it in repairing old hulks that are
not good for anything in the Navy. I do not
believe much in the ships we have in the
Navy. I believe they are going out of use.
I believe we ought to build one or two ships
every year, and they should be built in private
yards, so that we might have mechanics in
this country. If we have mechanics we can
improvise a navy, but those who talk about
improvising a navy in case of war, when you
have no private ship-yards m the country, and
you have no mechanics in the country, talk
without having considered the subject. The
best of the mechanics who were in this coun-
try before the war are now on the Clyde where
ships are built. The mechanics will be where
there are ships to build, and private yards are
better than public yaids for building ships.
Why could we improvise a navy when our
war broke out? IIow did it happen that we
had the most ingenious mechanics in the
world, men to build monitors and invent all
sorts of machinery for the defense of harbors?
Because our ship-yards were in full blast,
because we had the best mechanics of any
people in the world. Where are they now?
Gone to other countries, forced out of employ-
ment. We want, more mechanics now. That
is the great loss. We could improvise a navy
if we had the machinery and the mechanics.
It was well suggested by the Senator from
Rhode Island yesterday that we ought to in-
vest a large amount m live-oak timber, in
materials; and we ought also to invest in
something that will enable us to build more
ships. This line has been a success.
Mr. VVINDOiM. I want to state while the
Senator is on that point, with his permission,
one thing which 1 omitted to mention and
desire to do so.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. It is reported in an official
document by Mr. Joseph Nimmo, that during
our war only twolve per cent, of all the ves-
sels manufactured wero made at the Govern-
ment yards, eighty-eight per cent, at private
yards.
Mr. STEWART. That is a very important
fact. What will you do if you have a war
with Great Britain or Spain or France or any
other country that has a navy worth mention-
ing? What will you do without private yards
and without material to build ships with in
those yards? You cannot improvise a navy;
the men must be educated for the Navy. This
country once had a proud Navy, and gave
attention to it heretofore. For years and
years we granted a special bounty (and I do
not think it ought to have been repealed even
now) on the catching of cod-fish, for the pur-
pose of educating sailors. That did a great
deal toward making a navy. You must have
sailors and mechanics, and mechanics are
especially necessary now when you build
steamships.
I am in favor of this subsidy. It may not
be the best way to get at this subject. This
subject is like all other matters of difficulty, on
which men differ so widely. It is a subject
that I donotpretend to comprehendaltogether.
I know very little of it, but I can see some
plain facts. The only proposition that ap-
pears to meet with any assent toward reviving
commerce is to subsidize a few important
lines. Some are for drawbacks for building
ships, but that is involved in a great deal of
expense, and there is danger of fraud in it.
Some say one thing and some another; but
there is one thing that Great Britaiu does, and
that France does to some extent, and that
other countries do, who do the carrying trade,
and do it cheaply. The policy of other nations
is to subsidize lines on the important routes,
and enable them to carry freight cheap, and
we have tried it sufficiently to know that it is
not an experiment. It lias done avast amount
of good, and has met the approbation of our
Departments. Every time that it has come
before the Departments who have watched its
operations every year, we have a recommend-
ation of the Departments. The executive
department understands this because they
have watched it, attentively. Senators do not
have their attention called to it so particularly.
Every year the President recommends it, and
every person who pays any attention to it be-
comes an advocate of it. It seems to me that
it is economy, and economy in the right direc-
tion; to increase this service.
Mr. CLAY i'ON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The question being put, a division was
called for, and the ayes were twenty-five.
Mr. COLE. Would it be in order to sub-
mit a conference committee's report ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until
the vote is announced. 'The Chair thinks
there is a quorum in the Senate, but there is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us have another divis-
ion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again divide the Senate. The Chair
thinks there is a quorum in the Chamber.
Perhaps Senators have not all heard the
motion, which is that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The question being again put, the motion
was agreed to, there being, on a division—ayes
2G, noes 16.
MESSAGE FROM Till! HOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had, agreeably to the request
of the Senate, returned the bill (H. R. No.
1030) to regulate elections in Washington and
Idaho 'Territories.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No.
61(5) to release to the State of Indiana the lands
known as the bed of Beaver lake in Newton
county m said State, agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Washington Townsend of Pennsylvania,
Mr. M,vbk H. Dunnell of Minnesota, and Mr.
James R. McCoiimick of Missouri, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1178) to grant the right
of way to the Laramie Water and Ditch Com-
pany over the public lands in Albany county,
Wyoming Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 1735) to provide for hold-
ing adjourned terms of the supreme court of
Arizona;
A bill (H. R. No. 2567) to authorize the issue
of a supply of arms to the authorities of the
Territory of Montana;
A bill (H. R. No. 2624) to provide for the
removal of the Kansas tribe of Indians to the
Indian territory, and to dispose of their lands
m Kansas to actual settlers;
A bill (H. li. No. 2G27) to enable the city
of Denver to purchase certain lands in Colo-
rado for a cemetery;
A bill (H. R. No. 2C28) to amend an act
entitled •' An act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Wyoming/'
approved July 25,1868;
A bill (H. R. No. 2629) amendatory of an
act setting aside certain proceeds of internal
revenue for the erection of penitentiaries in
the Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Col-
orado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota,
approved January 22, 1867 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2G30) to donate the mili-
tary reservation at Foit Steilacoom to theTer-
ritory of Washington for the use of the insane
asylum ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2G31) to withdraw from
settlement and sale a certain section of land
in Wyoming Territory;
A bill (H. li. No. 2632) to provide for filling
vacancies in certain offices in the several Ter-
ritories ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2633) amendatory of an
act approved March 2, 1869, entitled •'An act
amendatory of an act to provide a temporary
government for Montana," approved May 2,
1864.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that, the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 10G) for the relief of
purchasers of lands sold for direct taxes in
the insurrectionary States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 112) for the relief of G.
S. Baker, of Marysville, Missouri, for the
reissue of a certain bond ;
A hill (H. R. No. 206) for the relief of George
C. Haynie;
A bill (EL R. No. 286) to perpetuate testi-
mony in the courts of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 501) authorizing the appro-
priation for the employment of surfmen at
alternate life-saving stations on the New Jersey
coast for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
to be expended in employing crews at such
stations, and for such periods, and at such
compensation, as the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem reasonable, not to exceed forty
dollars per month for each person employed;
A bill (IT. R. No. 859) to -change the time
for holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the western district of
Wisconsin, at La Crosse;
A bill (H. R. No. 804) to extend the time
of payment for their lands by persons holding
preemptions on the public lands in the State
of Minnesota;
A bill (H. R. No. 873) for the relief of
settlers on the Osage lands in the State of
Kansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 1016) to promote the
development of the mining resources of the
United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1149) to authorize the
commissioners of claims to appoint special
commissioners to take testimony, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1496) to carry out certain
provisionsof the Cherokee treaty of 1866, and
for the relief of settlers on the Cherokee lands
in the State of Kansas:
Abill (H. R. No. 1943) for the relief of Robert
Williams, jr., collector third district Ohio ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Harding;
Abill (S. No. 793) to amend an act approved
February 28, 1871, amending an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 136) appoint-
