1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8889
be reserved, as the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thduman] desires to have it put on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no ; we canuot con-
sent to pass a bill in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects, and the bill will be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKL1NG presented a petition of
officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines who
have served in the Army and Navy of the
United States, praying to be allowed to sell,
assign, and transfer lands acquired under a
recent amendment to the homestead act ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. NYE presented the petition and papers
of William B. Wilson, praying compensation
for extra service in carrying the United States
mails in the State of Nevada; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of Jacksonville, Illinois,
praying that a further grant of public lands
may be made in accordance with a bill intro-
duced into the Senate providing necessary
means for the full support and extension of
industrial universities and agricultural colleges,
established under the act of Congress of July
2, 1852; which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition ot
Weil & Moore, of Montgomery, Alabama,
praying indemnification for cotton seized by
the Government.; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the offi-
cers of the Rising Sun Lodge, No. 2!*, Ancient
Free Masons, of Decatur, Morgan county,
Alabama, praying compensation for the burn-
ing of their building by United States forces
in November, 18G4; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of pub-
lishers and booksellers of Philadelphia, pray-
ing that a specific duty be imposed on books ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
land office rel'okt.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a concurrent reso-
lution of the House of Representatives to print
additional copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, have in-
structed me to report, it back without amend-
ment and to recommend its passage, and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the House resolu-
tion was considered and concurred in, art fol
lows:
Rertolved hy the House of liepraentativc*, (the Sen-
ate concurriri!?,) That there be printed ot the report
of" the Commissioner or the General Land Utlicc tor
1871, eigbl thousand eopie.-. of which four thousand
shali be tor the use of the House of llopresentutives,
two thousand lor the Senate, and two thousand for
the land department.
surgical history of the rebellion.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing have directed me to report a bill for the
completion and publication of the Medical and
Surgical History of the Rebellion, and I ask
for us present consideration.
Mr. POOL. If it leads to any debate I shall
have to object.
Mr. AN THONY. I do not think it will
lead to any debate. It is a thing that must be
disposed of. If it leads to debate 1 will not
press it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Noith Carolina has obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to have the re
mainder of the morning hour for the considera-
tion of a bill relative to courts in that State.
The bill of the Senator from Rhode Island will
be lead, subject to objection if it gives rise to
debate.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It directs
42  Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 244.
the Secretary of War to have completed the
Medical and Surgical History of the War, by
the preparation in the office of the Surgeon
General of two volumes, of eighteen hundred
pages, in addition to the first volume alieady
compiled and printed under authority of Con-
gress; and authorizes him to have executed as
he may deem advisaole the necessary engrav-
ing and lithographing therefor, at an expense
not to exceed $00,000. Five thousand copies
each of the second and third volumes ate to
be printed and bound by the Congressional
Printer, to be distributed with tha first volume
already printed, as may be hereafter directed
by Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall resist the passage
of the bill unless this printing is to be done at,
the Government Printing Office. I do not,
intend, if I can prevent it, that another such
work as the fortieth parallel survey shall be
provided for.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator will
be satisfied when he hears what, I state, and 1
shall be very brief. The work is done at the
Government Printing Office, and has been done
there; but there are connected with this cer-
tain chromo engravings of the very nicest de-
scription to illustrate and explain surgical
operations, which must be done not where they
can be done cheapest, but where they can he
done best. Although the Senator from Ohio
knows I have always and the Committee on
Printing have always favored the giving out of
such work to public competition, yet there is
soine work of a scientilic character that can
be done by but very few persons in the coun-
try, and the committee think it is best to allow
the Surgeon General to have that done where
it can be done best. But the printing is done
at the Government Piinting Office. 1 have
before me the first part, and it is a very credit
able specimen of printing. This work i should
not have called the attention of the Senate to
at all but that we do not wish the Semite to
adopt a bill of this kind without knowing what
it, is. It is a very expensive work, and we
desire the Senate to know it. The cost of these
two volumes with engravings and illustrations
will be $60,000, and the cost of piinting them
in the Government Printing Office will be
about four dollars a volume besides.
When the iiist, part was printed there was a
very full discussion, in which the Senator from
Ohio took part, and I remember that our
esteemed friend, who sat next to me, Senator
Grimes, advocated it, and the Senator from
Massachusetts, and I think the Senator from
New York.
This war developed an amount of medical
information, discovery, invention, investiga-
tion, (or the relief of humanity in war greater
than exists anywhere else unpublished ; and
the question is whether a Government like
this, so great, so rich, so powerful, having
such treasures of science, such valuable mate-
rials for the alleviation of human suffering,
has any right to withhold them lrorn the world.
I am no more interested in that question than
other Senators. I do not wish them to order
the printing of this book without knowing
what it is to cost. I do not suppose these
two parts will be completed altogether at a
less expense than $100,000; but! say myself
that if it cost five times that or ten times that,
1 would vote to print it. I do riot think we
have a right, to withhold it from the knowledge
of the world. The printing will be done at
the Government Office.
Mr. CONKL1NG. How much will it cost?
Mr. ANTHONY;. The whole book will
not cost less, I think, than $100,000—these
two parts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And there
are to be two or three more.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, I think these are
all.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill, as it stands,
places in the discretion of the Surgeon Gen-
eral $60,000 to engrave and lithograph.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that is a
departure from the practice of the Govern-
ment, which has always been to do this work
in some other mode. It ought to bo referred
to the .Public Printer, not to the Surgeon Gen-,
eral, an officer who canuot be familiar with
this class of work.
_Mr. ANTHONY.* If the Senate had
time 
Mr. POOL. Tt is perfectly evident tbia
matter is going to lead to protracted discus-
sion.
Mr. ANTHONY'. I think not.
Mr. POOL. I shall be obliged to object
unless we can come to   vote upon it.
The VICE PliES I DENT. The St nator from
North Carolina objects unless the Senate is
ready to vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this work is going to
be printed at ail, we ought to be getting on
with it in the recess. 11 will be a great incon-
venience to the public service and cause a
great delay of the work if we have to put it
back six months longer.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Eoports of
committees are still in order.
Mr. SUMNEll. Before wo pass from
that 
'The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from North Carolina withdraws the objection
it is open to further debate.
Mr. AN THONY. I think we can pass tha
bill now without objection. I do not think
the Senator from Noith Carolina ought to be
so severe. We made no objection to his bill)
which I am in favor of.
Mr. POOL. If this is going to lead to pro-
tracted debate, I might as well give up all
hope of passing my bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina objects, and it is not open
to further drbu.te.
Mr. POOL. How far will the debate con-
tinue ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot tell. I do not
wish to discuss it.
Mr. POOL. For that reason I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Printing Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to make an inquiry.
Mr. ANTHONY. Can I withdraw tha bill
so as to present, it on another occasion?
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw it.
salls of ak.US.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate will remem-
ber that there was a resolution referred to tho
Committee on Printing for (he printing of a
large number of extra copies of the report on
the inquiry about the sale of arms to France.
I wish to know of the Senator from Rhode
Island when the committee will report that
resolution ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Very soon. I suppose.
We have got that before us, with a great many
other resolutions.
Mr. SU.vlNER. Then I come to another
point. I wish to know 
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator can move
that the committee be discharged from it at
any time he wishes.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I will move that the
committee be discharged from the consider-
ation of that resolution, and that it be made
the special order for Wednesday or Thursday
evening, as it may be agreeable to the Senate.
'The report is a personal report touching two
Senators of this body. Therefore they have
a right to be heard.
Mr. ANTHONY. The report has been
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. But the resolution is for
additional copies.
Mr. ANTHUNY. Jt has been printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand it has been
