1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina, Senatorship—Mr. Carpenier.
Senate.
entirely exhausted, I propose to examine every
one of those cases and sbow that not a single
one of them antagonizes this doctrine.
Turning, in the first place, to the first case
cited in New Jersey, that case was this: by
their law the man who had been elected sheriff
of a county was ineligible. The case came
before the court after he had been acting under
his office in color of the election for some
months. Of course lie was a good de facto
officer. He had the color of an election.
Although the election of itself was of no valid-
ity, yet under the color of it he entered into
his office, and of course his acts were valid as
the acts of a de facto officer. The case came
before the court, not on a quo warranto, which
would absolutely try the right of the relator to
his office, but on a writ of certiorari, and the
court held that 011 that writ they had a discre-
tion to say whether they would put the man
who was holding the office out of office or not,
and they said that, inasmuch as doing so would
be followed by no practical good, and his re-
maining to the end of his term would result in
no harm, and the Legislature had already pro-
vided in future cases another remedy, which,
without examining, I assume to hatfe been
giving the writ of quo warranto, they would
not in that case interfere ; in other words,
they exercised a mere -discretion which' they
seemed to have had on the writ of certiorari
in that State, and 1 judge from what they say
disposed of it differently from what they would
on a writ of quo warranto, which was author-
ized by the Legislature for future cases.
But, Mr. President, the question now before
the Senate was not involved in this case at all.
This was not a viva voce election. ' It' was not
an election where there was any pretense that
the electors knew the man was disqualified.
The Senator from Ohio may in reply say that
he had been sheriff of the county the year
before, and every man-is bound to know who
are his public officers. That is true for certain
purposes. It is true for the purpose of saying
that a man shall not be justified in resisting
the sheriff and all that, just as it is true that
every man is presumed to know the law ; but
when you come to a question of fact, when
you inquire whether the people did actually
and in fact know of the disqualification, that
mere presumption amounts t,o nothing ; at all
events, I think it ought not to amount to any-
thing ; and in this case there was no pretense
that the electors did know that the man was.
disqualified.
Then I come to the case of the State vs.
Giles, 1 Chandler's Wisconsin Reports, 112.
In this case two points were raised : whether
the man who was elected sheriff was eligible
or not; and if not, whether the man who re-
ceived the next highest number of votes was
elected. The court proceeded in the first place
to decide that the man elected vfas eligible,
and of course that ended the case. I was not
present yesterday at the time, but some Sena-
tor told me he understood the Senator lrom
Illinois to state his understanding of the de-
cision to be different from that which I had
stated, that the court held that the man who
was elected was ineligible. That is a mistake.
I stated it. from a thorough knowledge of the
case professionally at home, long before I
came to the Senate. I knew what the facts
about it were, and what the decision was, and
it is precisely as I stated. They held that the
man was eligible and entitled to the office.
The court say after deciding that—
" Such being the opinion of the court"
That he was eligible—
"it is unnecessary to pass upon the second ques-
tion, whether in the event of the person receiving
the highest number of votes being ineligible the
person receiving the nexthighest number lselectea.
But its the question was fuily argued, and asit is one
that may arise again, it is proper to say that we ase
all of the opinion that the mere ineligibility of the
candidate does not, as the law now is, render void
the votes cast for him."
That is the opinion; not a case examined,
not an authority cited. They simply a&sert,
upon a point Which they say themselves it is
not necessary for them to decide, that their
opinion is so and so. My opinion is the same.
The mere ineligibility of a candidate does not
work that result. It does not in England ; it
does uot in the House of Commons; it does
notanywhere. In addition to the mere ineligi-
bility of a candidate, you must have the fur-
ther controlling fact that the electors knew he
was disqualified when they cast their votes for
him; and without that fact nobody pretends
that the minority tnan is entitled to his place.
The case iil 14 Wisconsin-contains nothing
different from this and passed upon the same
principle entirely, that the mere ineligibility
of a candidate does not work that result.
Nobody claims that it does, and both those
cases, in 1 Chandler and 14 Wisconsin, were
decided upon elections held by ballot, popular
elections, not viva voce elections.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will fellow
me, I did not want to interrupt him while he
was talking, but in reference to what i stated
yesterday <1 wish to Bay that I read the same
authority that the Senator has read. I said it
was not a point in the case, but it was the
opinion of the court. They gave it as their
opinion because some other case might arise
where the question would be apt to be made,
and if the Senator will read on further he will
find that in that or the other case it is stated
that to make the votes nullities requires legis-
lative action.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is to say, that
the mere ineligibility of the candidate without
the Legislature declaring that result should
not have thht effect. It does not anywhere;
it does not in England; it does not anywhere
in the civilized world that I know of.
The Senator also referred to the case of
Dinslow ill 38 Maine Reports, and the opinion
of the judges in that case. 1 cannot take the
time and have not the strength to read these
cases, but J will state precisely what they are.
Mr. SHERMAN. • Did I understand the
Senator to refer to a statute which made a
party ineligible in the particular case cited?
Mr. CARPENTER. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought there was some-
thing of that sort said in the colloquy between
the two Senators.
Mr. LOGAN. No. I stated this : and it is
so stated in the Wisconsin case, that to make
the votes nullities it would be necessary to
have a statute,
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Senator
from Wisconsin to say that there was some
law oil that subject.
Mr. CARPENTER. Oh, no. I say the law
is in Wisconsin, and everywhere else that I
know' anything of, that the ineligibility of a
candidate, in the absence of a law declaring
that that mere fact shall seat the minority
man, does not seat the minority man ; but it'
you couple with that fact the fact that the elect-
ors knew at the time of the election that the
person for whom they voted w-as ineligible,
then the law is exactly the reverse.
In this Maiue case a man by the name of
Dinslow had been elected to some office, and
a mistake was made as to the middle initial
of his name. They had, t'orinstance, elected
Abel C. Dinslow, when the name should have
been Abel E. Dinslow. The Governor and
council, however, underthe law, had canvassed
the votes and declared the man by the wroug
name elected, and had gone out of office. A
new Governor and council had come in, and
the question submitted to the judges was
whether the then Governor and council could
revise the action of the old one, and decide
that this man who ought to have been'elected
Was elected, and if not, whether the office was
vacant? This case and the case to which
they refer in 25 Maine both rest entirely upon
the "ground that the power of the Governor
and council was purely ministerial to count
the votes from the returns, and the oourt say
that if the Governor and council, one could
review the other, or if either of them could
receive proof to contradict the returns in
one respect, they might in every other, and
that would make them general judges of the
election, and because they were not so by law
they could not do that thing in that case.
Now, take the opinions in those two cases
and apply them to this case. The very reason
given by the court why it could not have been
done iti that case shows that, it can be done in
this case, because we are the general judges
of this election. We are made so by the Con-
stitution. The judges iu Maine say that the
duty of the Governor is purely ministerial, and
to allow him to do this thing would make him
a general judge of the election, and that is the
reason why it could not be done. The very
opinions in both those eases, when you come
to rakamine the ground upon which they rest
and the philosophy that runs through them,
are decisions in our favor, because here we
are the judges of election, and are conceded
to be so. Both, the Maine cases related to a
popular election by ballot, and (here was no
pi etense that the electors knew they were voting
for a person hot in existence.
The case in 13 California was a case grow-
ing out of a popular election, and in that
cfase also the court decided that the man who
was elected was eligible, and of course the
question of the minority man's rights was not
involved in the case at all. 'It is true that the
judge in delivering the opinion quotes this
case in Wisconsin approvingly, that the mere
ineligibility of tbe man does not seat the
minority man. Nobody claims that it does ;
but it was unnecessary to say even that, as it
was in the Chandler case, because in both
those cases the man who was elected was de-
clared to be eligible, and of coarse the other
point was not in the case.
I call the attention of Senators to the fact
that in the views of the minority on page 26,
there have been some five or six pages of the
manuscript report, by some accident or mis-
take, omitted from the print, so that the re-
view of the authorities which I have already
been over is not found in the minority report,
because they are left out by mistake.
i come now to the case iti Pennsylvania
which is so much relied upon. Judge Strong,
who deliveted the opinion in the case, is un-
doubtedly an able judge. In a note which is
added by Mr. Brightly to the report of the
case, he refers to the fact that the judge says
he was not aware of any judicial decision upon
the question, and mentions it as a very re-
markable fact that Judge Strong should not
have been aware of such decisions, and says tliat
that fact must detract from the weight of the
decision as an authority. I discovered here
yesterday after the Senator read from this case
another most wonderful irtaceiiraey i-n it. The
judge is speaking of elections in this country,
and of an election which hhd *bs^n by ballot.
In that case the right of the "minority man was
not "before the court, <btft Still tote goes on to
discourage thte minority man's claim in that
case of a pojpiii&r feteciibn, uwd says :
"Even in Eafclatad it has been hel9 that Votes for
a disqualified person are not lost or thrown away so
as to justify the presiding ofticers m_ retarnitrg
elected another candidate having a less number ot
voles and if they do so, a quo wirranto iafoi'ma tion
<vill be granted against the person so declared to bo
elected on his adapting th  office."
And he cites for this the case of Regina vs.
