1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2097
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the opinion of Sec-
retary Cox. i'he same opinion was held by
Secretary Usher, and also by Secretary Smith,
the predecessors of Secretary Cox. As the
JSenate know very well, the means of the In-
dians to liquidate this indebtedness were con-
fiscated on the part of the Government. Their
annuities, their property of every sort and de-
scription, alter the massacre ofl8(J2, were taken
Iron] them and the moneys covered into the
lreasury. These persons had furnished the
Indians with provisions under very trying cir-
cumstances. The Government was unable to
help the Indians in their distress. The annui-
ties they received were very small. The best
paid Indians do not receive what would sup-
port them one month in the year. Then tliey
were far off, in the seasons ol drought, and
having no other support they called upon their
traders.
It was upon such occasions- as these that
these provisions were furnished them. As I
said before, the accounts were closely scrutin-
ized by the Government ofiicers, from the
agent and the superintendent up to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs himself. Then
several Secretaries of the Interior have given
their verdict in favor of these claims. The
claimants are highly icspectable gentlemen.
Having taken the means of these Indians
which would have enabled them to pay this
indebtedness, it is but simple justice on the
part of the Government, after having kept
them out of the money through these long
years, that we should no longer hesitate to
make this appropriation.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to ask
the Senator whether these are the Indians who
massacred the settlers in Minnesota in 1802?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir ; not all of them.
Some of them were in the massacres. Tliey
fared, however, with the body of their tribe.
Mr. ROBER I'SON. If 1 understand the
stipulations of the treaties of these two tribes,
these claims have been paid, but as it was not
then supposed they would amount to what they
now ask, they come back here and ask Cou-
giess to give them $09,000 more.
Mr. RAMSEY. Notat all; it is to pay their
creditors.
Mr. ROBERTSON. We do not prop ose to
pay their creditors if we can help it. 1 move
that the amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 ask the Sen-
ator to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORLilfjL, of Vermont. This is an
old acquaintance of the Senate, and it is a very
modest claim—only $Gt>,000— a private claim 1
I do not know how many times it has been
considered by the Committee on Claims, but I
think we ought to give them an opportunity to
consider it, again, and I am very glad that the
Senator from South Carolina was about to
make a motion to lay it on the table, because
I hope the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations will be able to get through with
this bill to-day, and if we begin the list of pri-
vate claims on this general appropriation bill,
I do not know where it wilt end; it will take
perhaps the entire week in order to get through
with the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg to inform the Senator
that this is not an ordinary claim at all, nor a
mere private claim. It is an obligation grow-
ing out of the provisions of a treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; it is a
very extraordinary case. It is large in its
amouut, and it embraces a great many under
one head. I yield to the Senator from South
Carolina now to make his motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is very kind on the
part of the Senator from Vermont 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Senator
from Minnesota wishes to speak 
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will not press his motion at
this time. I ask the Senator to withdraw it.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 132.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will yield to hear any
remarks of the Senator from Minnesota. 1
intend to make the motion afterward, though.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is this the kind of justice
that the Senate want to mete out to our peo-
ple? They furnished these Indians in the
tune of their greatdiffieulty and distress, when
the Government could not do it if it had de-
sired to do so; then it was that these people
generously came forward and out of their
means supported them and their children at
that time; and now, after they have waited
twelve or thirteen years, the Senator gets up
in the Senate, and by a simple motion to lay
this proposition on the table denies them this
justice which they have waited patiently for
during thirteen years, hoping that the Govern-
ment would not perpetually deny it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does not the
Senator know that there are claims here that
have been waiting I'or forty years? Why
should these claimants have any preeminence
over other private claimants? Let us treat
them all alike, and not undertake to foist this
claim upon a general appropriation bill, hut
consider it fairly when it shall be reported by
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is the proper place
to move in behalf of these people, They get
their right under the provision of a treaty
made with these Indians, and these Indians
have time and again asked tho Government
to pay it, the Government having taken from
them the meatls by which they might otherwise
themselves have paid it. The Government
takes their means, puts thein into the Treasury,
and now refuses to do that justice to these
people which the Indians themselves, savages
that, they are, would gladly have done.
Mf. ROBERTSON. In 1870, two years
ago this summer, in the Senator's own State,
I witnessed a sight which perhaps will never
be forgotten. I saw tho troops preserving the
lives of about thirty or forty citizens of the
State of Minnesota, who were kept, in one pen,
I might say, or fortto be protected from these
good Indians that the Senator speaks of, sonie
thirty days on half rations, and perhaps not
then receiving half rations for their sustenance.
In passing through tho towns, I saw1 where
thirty-nine of these Indiatis were hung at one
time for rising up against the whites and mur-
dering them in one night. Now the Senator
comes here and asks that these treaty stipula-
tions be carried out by giving money to the
men who kept'these good Indians when t.iie
Government was not able to do anything for
them and when they were taking the lives of
citizens of the United States ten or twelve
years ago 1
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator mistakes. It
was many years before the massacre. The
indebtedness of the Indians occurred there
many years before the massacre.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then they forfeited it
by the massacre.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not the creditors.
Mr. HILL. I would ask the Senator from
Minnesota if the committee were careful in
examining these claims to ascertain that the
amounts were not exaggerated, and that there
were proofs of the provisions being furnished
and of the value of therti?
Mr. RAMSEY. The details were examined
closely and thoroughly, as closely as a white
man in Georgia, or Minnesota, or South Caro-
lina would do iu dealing with his creditor.
The accounts were closely scrutinized by the
Indian agent, and- by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs under the superintendence of
the Secretary of the Interior, and these claims
have been allirined throe times by three suc-
cessive Secretaries of the Interior.
Mr. HILL. I see 110 other way ill which
they could possibly be paid.
Mr. ROBERTSON. • I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
not insist on that motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think I must.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
tho chair.) The motion is to lay this amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I call for the yeas ami
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to know from what committee this atafetod
ment comes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that it is not from any committee,
but an amendment proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Indian
Affairs reported it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, then, whether this amendment has
been passed upon by the Committee on Indian
Affairs and is moved as an amendment from
that committee?
Mr. HARLAN. It was acted upou by the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And recom-
mended?
Mr. HARLAN. Recommended.
Mr. RAMSEY. It has been reported upon
favorably two successive years, last year and
this year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And has been
voted down for ten or fifteen years.
Mr. RAMSEY. By unfair men.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The questioh
is upon laying the amend ment on the table,upou
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and Hays,
resulted—yens 23, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ame«. Anthony, Colo,
Conklina, Cooper, D.n-.isot West Virginia, likhnuhds,
denton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texass,
bovvis, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Osborii,
I'ool. Pratt, Robertson, Hawycr. ytewart, Yiekbrsj,
and Wrisrht—lit.
NAYS—Messrs. Binir, Caldwell, Clayton, Corhett,
Craein. Ji'eiry of flliehutun, Jj'relinfchuyscH, Ilitfiittl,
Hill, Kelly, l'omeroy. Ramsey, Stevenson, Tiptoti,
and VVindotn—13.
ABSiiJKT— Messrs. Bayard, Boroma.n, Bt-owulow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Ciirpchter,Casserly, Chand-
ler, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry ol Connecticut, Flntta-
prari, Gilbert, Uoldthwaite, Hatnlin, Hitchcock,llowe,
Johnston, KcIIokk, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Patterson, ltieo, S.iulshury, Seliurz, Scott, Sher-
man, iSpencer, Spia^ue, Stockton, Sum iter, Thur-
man, Trumbull, West, and Wilson—35.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I feel so sure that amend-
ment that I offered and withdrew yesterday
ought to be adopted that 1 will renew it. In
line ninety-three of the bill I move to strike
out " §38,500" and insert " $60,000" as the
appropriation "for contingencies, including
traveling and incidental and current atld con-
tingent, expenses of superintendents, agents, .
and other officers;" and I Will state that if
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations remains of the same opinion to-day
that he expressed yesterday, I shall feel it to
be my duty to call for the yeas and nays, if
necessary, on this.amendmeht.
Mr. COLE. I am assured by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs that that appropria-
tion will be necessary in order to enable him
to efficiently administer the Department, and
I do not feel myself individually like making
any opposition to it. The estimate was in ac-
cordance with the amendment, I retaember
that very distinctly ; and I would rather take
off an equal amount from some of the larger
appropriations for the Indians, so as to balance
the thing, than to ask that this reduction be
continued.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I have one other amend-
ment to propose,- which I withdrew yesterday
also. It relates to the surveys of the Indian
lands. _ It is after line fifteen hundred and
fifty to insert:
For tho surveys of exterior boundaries of Indian
S1™,tlons' and subdividing portions of the same,
8>ouu,0ix).
