3890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May "27,
printed, and my object is to make some
observations on that report. It seems to me
that the Senate cannot refuse an opportunity
to two Senators—my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Schorz] and myself, who have been
treated in that report in such an unprece-
dented manner. 1 make no observations on
the report now ; but I think I may claim the
indulgence of the Senate for a hearing on the
matters that are suggested by that document.
I do not like to take the time of the Senate
when there is such a pressure of business;
but I ask that the Senate will set apart one of
the evenings of this week, say Wednesday or
Thursday, with the understanding that noth-
ing else shall come up, when we may be
heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
by parliamentary law the postponement of any
question till after the session of Congress is
its indefinite postponement. This session closes
on Wednesday at noon by the concurrent vote
of the two branches of Congress.
reports of committees.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 887) for the relief of Samuel Black and
Albert R. Cooper, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2038) for the
relief of William M. Stafford, late acting dis-
trict atlorney for Montana Territory, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 493) to indem-
nify the State of Kentucky and other States
for expenses incurred by them in defense of
the United States, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. K. No. 114} for the
relief of the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Hum-
phrey M. Woodyard, late of the twenty-first
Missouri infantry, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2188) to dispense with informers in
the internal revenue service, moved that it be
indefinitely postponed, the matter of the bill
being covered by the tax and tariff bill now
before the Senate.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1160) to permit
the importation free of duty of certain targets
and appurtenances for the National Ride
Association, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom were referred the
bill (S. No. 487) for the relief of Henry Ayers
and George Wolfliu & Co., of Indiana, and
the bill (S. No. 779) for the relief of Thomas
Mitchell, assignee of Turner, Clay & Co., of
Kentucky, to report them adversely, for the
reason that they are covered by a general bill
passed at this session referring all such cases
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
The bills were postponed indefinitely.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2799) to provide for the appoint-
ment of a secretary of legation at the court
of Japan, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. li. No. 2800)
to authorize the President of the United States
to appoint one or more commissioners to rep-
resent the Government of the United States
at the international exposition of agricultural
industry and tine arts, to be held at Vienna,
have instructed me to report it back favorably.
This is a mere authority to the President to
appoint one or more commissioners without
compensation. It has passed the House of
Representatives, and I ask the Senate just to
act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. POOL. I am obliged to object.
Mr. CALDWELL, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial of James Macdonald, praying
the passage of a law declaring that all pub-
lic lands within the Territory of Colorado
lying south of the Arkansas river be subject
to sale under the homestead and preSmption
laws, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
kentucky war claims.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am directed by the
Committee on Appropriations, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1054) to reimburse
the State of Kentucky for moneys expended
in enrolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying,
arming, equipping, paying, and transporting
militia forces to aid in suppressing the rebel-
lion, to report it back with an amendment in
the form of a substitute. I ask for its imme-
diate consideration. There is no objection to
it, and I am sure it will not take five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina, who has had consent for
the consideration of a bill at the expiration of
the morning business, is resisting all these re-
quests this morning. The Chair, however, if
the Senator from Kentucky desires it, will put
the question on granting unanimous consent
for ttie consideration of the bill reported by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POOL. It is perfectly evident that if
bills are thrust in in this manner there will be
no chance for the bill which the Senate has
allowed me to call up.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to pass this bill; there will be no debate
and no opposition to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will have consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is a unanimous
report of the Committee on Appropriations.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
himself consents to it.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
amendment of the Committee on Appropiia-
tions was to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and to insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to cause to be
examined, settled, and paid, any proper claims ot the
State of Kentucky for money expended by the said
State in enrolling, equipping, subsisting, and paying
such State forces ot Kentucky as were called into
service in said State after the 24th of August, A. D.
1861, to act in concert with the United States forces
in the suppression ot the late rebellion against the
United States.
Sec. 2. That said examination, settlement, and ,
payment shall be had and made by the proper offl- i
cers of the Treasury Departmentupon the principles
and conditions and under the limitations stated and
provided in the act of Congress approved April 17,
1866, entitled "An act to reimburse the State of
Missouri for moneys expended for the United States
in enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
j forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion.
i Sec. 3. That the sum of $1,000,00u bo, and is hereby,
appropriated to pay such claims as shall bo found
due the State of Kentucky, to be paid uponsucn set-
tlement to the said State or to the duly authorized
agent thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com
mittee on Finance to report back the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives that each
House of Congress be adjourned sine die on
Monday, the 3d day of June, 1872, at twelve
o'clock m., with an amendment to be added
at the end of it. I ask that the amendment
be read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to the consider-
ation of that resolution to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read, and then
the Senator can object. If objection is made,
it will have to po over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio, from the Committee on Pinancs,
reports back the concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives, providing for the
adjurnment of this session of Congress on
Monday, the 3d day of June, with an amend-
ment rescinding the order for its adjournment
on the 29th of May, and asks for its present
consideration, to which the Senator from
Michigan objects. It must therefore lie over
one day.
debate on tax and tarim bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by
the Committee on Finance to report a resolu-
tion in regard to the order of business:
IZeoolved, That debate on amendments to House
bill No. 2322 be limited to five minutes by any Sen-
ator, and that no amendment to said bill shall be
in order unless germane to the subject-matter of
said bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this reso-
lution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What bill is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses it is the tariff bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice that
I shall call it up to-morrow if I can.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by
the Committee on Finance, to whom was re-
ferred the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 780) to provide
for the redemption and sale of lands held by
the United States under the several acts levy-
ing a direct, tax, to report it back with a re-
commendation that the substitute of the House
be agreed to. This is a bill which southern
Senators are very anxious to have passed in
regard to the redemption of lands sold for
taxes, and it is a bill of general importance
that ought to be passed. Perhaps a word will
explain it. The amendments are not very im-
poitant. Tliey have been very carefully exam-
ined, and are concurred in by the committee.
The bill was carefully examined, and passed
the Senate some time ago and was sent to the
House, and they chose to put their amend-
ments in the form of a substitute, so as to
cover the whole subject in one amendment.
It is for the Senate to say whether they will
pass it or not. There is nothing in the amend-
ment except to make several reservations in
favor of South Carolina for a court-house and
some local purposes.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent for its present consideration.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I should like to hear
that bill read before it is acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be re-
ported, if any Senator desires it, in full.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I have no objection to
its being considered, but I desire to know
what it is.
Mr. SCHUIiZ. I wish to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection, and the bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
_ Mr. SCHUIiZ, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Mrs. M. S.
Morse, administratrix and widow of Isaac E.
Morse, deceased, reported it with aa amend-
ment.
