1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
. Before the Indiana iron was discovered it was
necessary to import iron from. England, but
now, from this pig iron, Bessemer steel can be
made at once, and more cheaply than any-
where else.
This canal will connect Lake Michigan with
the Wabash river, which runs for more than
a hundred 'miles through the block-coal re-
gion. I would suggest to the House and the
country that this is a matter of national im-
portance, and I venture the prediction that the
great block-coal section of Indiana in twenty-
iive years will be the largest iron and steel*
manufacturing region in America. ^
I have been informed by a civil engineer
of great eminence that this canal can be
made almost upon a dead level and without
lockage; in other words, that the surface of
Lake Michigan is but two feet higher than the
surface of the Wabash river at low water at
Lafayette; that there are no obstructions, ex-
cept the little ridges and mounds of earth and
sand that may lie between Lafayette and Lake
Michigan; that there are no natural obstruc-
tions except those which are of a very slight
nature, the ground being almost a dead level
from the Wabash river to Lake Michigan.
This canal, therefore, can be made more
cheaply than any other one of any importance
in the world j more cheaply than the canal
between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi
river, through the State of Illinois. We see
now in Illinois the remarkable phenomenon
of the waters of Lake Michigan running, as it
were, up hill, the Chicago river turning toward
its source instead of toward its mouth. The
same thing can be accomplished m the State
of Indiana that has been done in the State of
Illinois; that is, the uniting the waters of Lake
Michigan with the waters of the Mississippi
river.
The importance of this canal is greatly
enhanced when we consider it in connection
with the enormous navigation interests just
about to be opened up, 1 hope successfully,
under the recent British treaty, by which the
vessels ofthe United States and Great Britain
can freely navigate the St. Lawrence and the
lakes. Our vessels can then start from any
lake port and go out, while British vessels may
come into any of our lake ports and aid in fur
nishing cheap freights for all of our surplus.
All of our farm products—our grain, flour,
whisky, lard, pork, beef, tallow, and manu-
factured articles here—will meet with an abun-
dance of cheap freights, as we have the carry-
ing vessels of the two great maritime nations
of the world coming freely into our lake ports.
A ship-canal would enable these vessels to
be towed from the lake to the Wabash river,
and load at the various points along it. What-
ever we have to sell can be put at once on
board the vessel outward bound, and whatever
we must buy can be brought in and unloaded
at once without the intervention of the middle-
men now at the eastern sea-ports, or the long
and expensive lines of railroad extending from
east to west. This pvojecUwiil place us at
the head of the market, and avoid the neces-
sity of going to the East to buy or sell. This
ship-canal will be a link in the great chain
of water communication and commercial
intercourse which reaches from the Atlantic
up the St. Lawrence, through the lakes, and
to and down the Mississippi river to New
Orleans.
The harbor at Michigan City will be its out-
let, into which the vast amount of pine lumber
needed to the south of the lake must come.
Already this place is a great lumber and iron-
ore market. The pineries of Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Canada must for ages yield the
supply, and it can find no cheaper route to the
southward. The iron ore of Lake Superior
shipped at Escanaba, and brought to our coal-
fields through Michigan City, finds the furnace
two hundred and eighty miles nearer than
Pittsburg, and the proposed canal will enable
the iron-laden schooners to place the ore upon
the very brinks of the coal-pits for one hun-
dred and fifty miles in the Wabash valley.
To show that the Indiana block coal is of
great importance, not only to that State, but
the surrounding States, I will quote from a
lecture recently made at Indianapolis by Pro-
fessor J. W. Foster, of Illinois, one of the
oldest geologists of America, and who, twenty-
five years ago, became famous for his explor-
ations and report, made under United States
authority, of the copper and iron region of
Lake Superior. He says :
*' The distinguishing character of this block coal
is its near approach to charcoal as a reducing agent.
It yields ordinarily less than three per cent, of ash,
nearly white in color, and flocculent in character.
It has sufficient firmness to hold up the burden of a
furnace, Ikdoesnotruntogetherin combustion, and
its behavior in the furnaco exceeds anything in the
history of fossil fuel. It is, in fact, a greatdepository
of that substance, stored up by nature and destined
to last for all time fur the reduction of that most
useful of all metals—iron.
"I have thus endeavored, gentlemen, to sketch
the range and extent of the block coals of your State
and their physical characters. Formerly the idea
prevailed and was industriously propagated, that
God in His providence, during the carboniferous
period, had created a good-sized goobe-pond in the
vicinity of Brazil, wherein only He had deposited
this peculiar kind of coal; but all nature teaches us
that Providence operates on no such microscopic
scale. I have shown to you that this peculiar zone
stretches across your State, with occasional inter-
ruptions, for a hundred and fifty miles: and I thank
God that it is too long and too broad to be monop-
olized by a single mining district or by a.single line
of transportation. Its benefits are not to be restricted
to a circumscribed area, not to your own State even,
but to be enjoyed by the surrounding States. We
of Illinois have almost as direct an interest in the
development of these block coals as you of Indiana.
Self-interest and commercial relations will knit us
together by closer ties than those of State lines.
" To show you how far this coal is required by the
surrounding States, apart from ordinary uses, but as
a reducing agent, permit me to quote a few statistics
compiled by the American Iron and Steel Associa-
tion. I confess that, to me even, they exhibit a most
gratifying result as to the progress of our iron in-
dustry :
Illinois.
"Rails were first roiled in Illinois in 1858. The
rails rolled in 1871 amounted to 40,026 tons; rails re-
rolled, 51,152 touts; total, 91,178 tons. Of the former,
2,800 tons were steel. The first pig iron made in
1854. Product of seven furnaces in 1871, was 65,000
tons.
" It is a matter of surprise that a State having no
great body of fossil fuel adapted to iron-smelting,
and no great body of rich iron ores, should be second
only to Pennsylvania in the annual product of rolled
iron.
Indiana.
"A small quantity of clear coal iron was only
mado up to I860.
" Six furnaces using the block coal have reoently
sprung up in the region of Brazil, capable of turn-
ing out 50,000 tons of pig metal annually. There
are over twenty collieries in operation, capable of
turning out 3,565 tons of coal daily, employing 835
men and freighting fifteen railroad trains.
Missouri.
Tons.
In 1854 she produced of pig metal only  5,789
In 1871 the amount was  82,685
The ore mined was   268.000
Kails rolled  8,200
" The ore mined next year, as I am informed by
Mr. Chouteau, from the Iron mountain alone, will
reach 350,000 tons, while that from Cuba, west of St,
Louis, will exceed 25,0i)0 tons.
Wisconsin.
Tons.
In 1856 the first pig iron was made.
In 1871 the amount was  28,249
In 1871 rails rolled  28,74-4
Michigan.
Tons.
In 1854 the first pig iron was mado, amount-
ing only to  900
In 1871 the product amounted to  100,000
Kails rolled  14,000
In 1S56 the amount of ore raised reached tue
insignificant quantity of.  2,810
In 1871 ore exported 810,984
In 1871 ore consumed 100,000
''The total value of ores mined during this period,
delivered on the dock, was $35,185,778.
"Now, these States are producing at this time
more than seventeen per cent, of ail the pig iron
made m the United States, and are increasing their
production in an accelerated ratio, and yet every
one of them turns to the block-coal region of Indiana
with longing eyes as the ultimate source for tbe
supply of their fuel, and it should bo a matter of
gratification to you that you can respond to their
appeals.
' I come now to the discussion of the second branch
of my subject; that is, the facilities for uniting the
iron ores with the block coals. And first let me say
that we have been all educated in the belief that
England possessed certain overshadowing advan-
tages in the shape of crude materials, cheap labor,
and redundant capital, which has enabled her to
crush out any aspiring nation. This has been the
tune played upon tbe harp of many strings, and so
constant have been its vibrations that we have been
taught to believe that they were true. Now, 1 boldly
affirm that so far as relates to the magnitude of tho
ore deposits and the excellence of our fossil fuel to
smelt them, the United States are unsurpassed, and
if wo fait within two decades to place ourselves at
the head of the iron interests of the world, not only
supplying our own wants, but competing in the most
distant markets with the most favored nations, that
failure may be attributed—a moat humiliating con-
fession—to our want of metallurgie skill.
"England has not an unlimited supply of cheap
labor to rely upon; each year she extracts her coal
from her still deeper-seated mines, and at increased
expense; and each year the circle of her iron ores,
at least those fitted for the higher purpose of a, tough
malleable iron and steel, is contracting. While this
is the case with England our resources in these ma-
terials are comparatively untouched, and I trust
you will pardon me if I pause for a moment to vin-
dicate tho truth of this assertion. The annual pro-
duct of England in pig iron at this date is about six
million tons, while thatof the United Srates reaches
two million, or only about one third. Unfavorable
as this comparison may be to us, yet if we go back for
twenty years we shall find that while England has
increased her production only at the rate of forty
per cent., we have increased our production at the
rate of one hundred and twenty per cent., and any
mathematician can readily calculate how long it
will take, at this rate of progression, to be abreast
of her.
" England derives the great bulk of her iron ore
from the coal measures and the lias. Now if we
turn to the groat work of Percy on the 4 Metallurgy
of(British) Iron'—the most exhaustive ever pub-
lished on this subject, and where not less than one
hundred assays of these ores are given—we shnll
find that in phosphorus they contain all the way
from sixty-three per cent, up to one hundred and
twelve per cent. No metallurgie skill has thus far
been able to eliminate this noxious ingredient from
the iron ores, or preventing it from passing into
pig iron, and even into the manufactured bar. In
the Bessemer process, it clings to it with a remorse-
less grip. Now every iron-master knows that with
one per cent, of phosphorus iron becomes worth-
less, except for bombs and the coarsest castings.
" So far as relates to Bessemer steel, it is found that
all the phosphorus and nearly all the sulphur passes
into the ingot in undiminished force. Ilence, all
the British ores are unfitted for the higher purposes
of iron and steel, where great tensile strength
is required; where keen-cutting instruments> arc
required; where wire-drawn threads are required;
and especially where Bessemer steel is required,
ilence it is, that it you turn to the British custom-
house returns you shall find that notwithstanding
England is a large exporter of iron, she is an im-
porter to the extent of fifty thousand and even
seventy thousand tons, principally derived from
Sweden, Russia, and Madras, where tho same ores
exist which our furnace-men are daily using in their
operations. These are the specular and magnetic
ores.
" Sweden is the principal source of import. The
mines of Danemora, Persburg, and Nora afford the
principal malleable iron, but in the furnace they
yield only about fifty per cent., and their reduction
after calcination—a process to which the ores of
Lake Superior and Missouri are never subjected—is
effected by charcoal. The wood for this purpose,
consisting of larch, spruce,and birch, is collected in
midwinter over large areas, when the streams and
lakes aro frozen, and hence Swedish pig must always
be expensive. Russian pig is equally expensive,
and its product cannot be largely increased, for by
an ukase of the Czar only an amount of timber can
be felled which shall equal the annual growth. Now,
for tho higher purposes of steel it is necessary to use
an iron made from the specular or magnetic ores,
and hence a Sheffield steel manufacturer will pay
thirty pounds for a ton of Swedish pig, when British
pig can be had at five or six times less.
"The difficulty of procuring pig iron free from
sulphur and phosphorus has greatly retarded the
development of the Bessemer process in England.
Latterly, however, it has been found that certain
hematites in the districts of Cumberland and Lan-
cashire, of limited extent, were adapted to this pro-
cess. The consequence has been that large works
have been erected, and these ores have risen in
price from fifty to even seventy per cent., and all
the products ofthe mines have been engaged up to
1876. At a meeting of the British Association for the
Advancement of Science, held at Edinburgh two
years ago, a committee was raised to memorialize
the geological board in reference to setting on foot
explorations to see if the area of these ores might
not be found enlarged; and recently a company of
English iron-misters has been organized for import-
ing from the distant region of Spain ores suitable
for the Bessemer process.
" Such, then, is the character of the English iron
ores. Turning now to our own country, and exam-
ining the character of those directly tributary to tho
block coals of Indiana, we find that they are inex-
haustible in quantity and unsurpassed in the purity
of their contents. The deposits in the region of
Lake Superior are too well known to require a de-
tailed description. The ore for the most partis a
peroxide or specular iron, giving a little over sixty-
nine per cent, of metallic iron, and yielding in tho
furnace about sixty-seven per cent. It may be &aid to
