2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Mr. COLE. I said so much upon this subject
yesterday that I do not feel like detaining the
Senate even a moment by any farther remarks
upon it. I stated yesterday, without having
the law before me, that a very large appropri-
ation had been made for this purpose but a
short time ago. I find that in 1870, less than
two years ago, an appropriation amounting to
$444,480 was made for this specific purpose,
surveying these Indian reservations. I believe
we have no very definite account as to the
manner in which that money was expended,
and I am clearly of opinion that the appropri-
ation now asked for of $300,000 for surveys is
wholly unnecessary. Why. Mr. President, at
the rate of compensation mentioned in the
document read here yesterday, that is six dol-
lars a mile, which seems to be pretty large
compensation for making these surveys; it
would be sufficient to survey fifty thousand
miles—lines twice around the world and more.
It certainly cannot be necessary to expend so
large a sum as this in surveying these Indian
reservations, particularly inasmuch as large
appropriations have already been made lor
this very purpose to very little use. I hope
this amendment may not be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs if, under the other appropriation, they
have commenced sectionizing ?
Mr. HARLAN. I can say that I learn by
inquiry that they have expended the appro-
priation of two years ago in subdividing In-
dian reservations. A large part of it has been
applied, as I conjectured yesterday, in the
subdivision of lands of the Chickasaws, and
land formerly held by the Creeks and Semi-
noles, and some of the lands that were form-
erly held by the Cherokees.
Mr. STEWART. I am perfectly willing to
vote for any amount for surveys that may be
used in such surveys as will ultimately be of
use to settlers, if that portion of the country
is ever devoted to civilization, as it probably
will he when that race disappears. There is
nothing more desirable than that the country
should be surveyed in advance of settlement;
and the quicker the surveys are made the bet-
ter, because the greatest hardships always re-
sult fiom the want of surveys. Settlers are
allowed by our laws to go upon the public
lands in advance of the surveys, and then when
the surveys are made they are required t,o con-
form to them. Their improvements are made
on the lands before the surveys, and a gteat
many are ruined in conforming to the subse
quent surveys. If this money, or a large por-
tion of it, is to be expended in ruuning such
lines as will afterward be useful in sectiouiz-
iug the country and surveying it for settlement,
I have no objection to it, because it is money
well expended and will not be lost. I should
like to inquire how this money is to be ex-
pended.
Mr. HARLAN. These lands are all sur-
veyed under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The gen-
eral land system surveys apply to these
surveys as to all others. The town and range
lines, the correction lines, and everything of
that kind are first established, and then the
country is divided up into sections.
Mr. STEWART. You cannot establish
those too soon.
Mr. POMEROY. The appropriation for
surveying I think ought to be made. That is
in the line of the improvements we are trying
to carry forward through the Indian country,
getting the Indians on small parcels of land
preparatory to their civilization and citizen-
ship. I do not think we ought to resist any
appropriation for surveying.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope this amend-
ment making this large appropriation will not
prevail. I, for one, am opposed to taxing the
white people of this country, or the colored
people of this country, for a set of savages
who do nothing except, when they get us
within their power, assassinate us. I move
that this amendment lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina moves that the amend
merit offered by the Senator from Iowa lie on
the table.
Mr. ROBEPuTSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. COLE. We have many applications
to Congress of this kind for surveying'lands
for white settlers 
Mr. POMEROY. This is a motion to lay
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand the mo-
tion was to lay on the table. I thought the
question was on the adoption of the amend-
ment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will withdraw the
motion if the Senator from California wishes
to speak.
Mr. COLE. Oh, no : I prefer that it should
be laid on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays-,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 12 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Clayton,
Cole, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Iiamlin, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, jNye. Osborn, Patterson, Robertson, Spencer,
Stockron, Vicker*, West, Wilson, and Wright—J6.
NAYS—Messrs. Caldwell, Harlan. H'll, Hitchcock,
Morrill of Maine, Poineroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Ste-
venson. Stewart, Tipton, and Windorn—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair.Borernan.Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Conkline, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky,
Kenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Pool,
Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, and Trumbull—35.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had disagreed to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 622) granting a pension to Richard B.
Crawford, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Jesse H. Moore of Illinois,
Mr. Erasmus D. Peck of Ohio, and Mr. R.
Milton Sfeer of Pennsylvania, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announcced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2188) to
dispense with informers in the internal revenue
service ; in which it requested the concurrence
if the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had laid upon the table the substitute of the
Senate for the bill (H. R. No. 1037). to repeal
existing duties on tea and coffee.
kevenoe bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the message just received from the
House as to the tariff bill be read at length.
There was something more than was said by
the Clerk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the message will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Forty-Second Conoress, Second Session",
Congress of the United Statfs,
In the House of Representatives,
April-2,1S72.
Resolved, That the substitution bv the Senate,
under the form of an amendment, for the bill of the
House (11. E. No. 1537) entitled "An act to repeal
existing duties on tea and coffee," of a bill entitled
An act to reduce existing' taxes," containing a
general revision, reduction, and repeal of laws im-
posing import duties and internal taxes, is in conflict
with the true intent and purpose of that clause of
the Constitution which requires that all bills for
raising revenueshall originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and that therefore said substitute for
House bill No. 1537 do lie upon the table.
And be it jurtker resolved, That the Clerk of the
House be, and he is hereby, directed to notify the
Senate of the foregoing resolution.
Attest: EDWARD MePHERSON, Clerk.
By Clinton Lloyd,
Chief Clerk Mouse of Representatives,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is a
somewhat extraordinary resolution on the part
of the House of Representatives, and I shall
not ask now to have it, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, because I think the Senate
may perhaps like to consider it somewhat
before it is referred. I ask, therefore, that it
remain on the table until to-morrow, and be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY. It should be printed. I
want to see it. If we have no right to amend
a bill, I think it is time we knew it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the message be printed and laid on the table
for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill
The Senate, as in Committee of tlie Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R-.
No. 1192) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make au inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations before offering the amendment which
j 1 hold in my hand, as it may be provided for
! in some other way. On page 65 T observe an
j appropria'ion for the Indian service in Cali-
I fornia. I have not noticed any provision for
the Mission Indians of the coast,
i Mr. COLE. There has been no appropria-
j tion made for them in any way that I know
h of. I know there has not been, in fact.
j| Mr. HARLAN. I then offer an amend-
l| meut to strike out "seventy-five" and insert
i ''one hundred," in line fifteen hundred and
! seventy-two; and I will state merely that the
board of commissioners, who are acting with-
out pay and looking to the interests of the
, Indian tribes all over the country, think itvery
\ necessary that this should be done—that some
j provision should be made for those Mission
Indians.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be stated.
The Chief Clerk. On page 65, line fifteen
hundred and seventy-two, it is moved to strike
out "seventy-five" and insert "one hundred;"
| so as to read :
I For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
j service in California, pay of employes, presents of
1 goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits ot
civilized lite, to be expended under the direction of
| the Secretary of the Interior, SIOJ.UOO.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa by reducing the sum to $85,000. I am
■ informed that no appropriation has been made
j for these Indians heretofore, bat perhaps the
! commission are the best judges of what ought
: to be done, and something should be done. I
' therefore propose to reduce the §25,000 addi-
tion, proposed by the Senator from Iowa, to
$10,000, which will leave the whole sum
$85,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator lrom
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. The whole amount in the
amendment 1 have moved is but $25,000. I
have no preference for one sum over another.
The Recommendation by the board of the com-
missioners is §25,000, and 1 move the amend-
ment in pursuance of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a new
item of expense. I think we had better W
$10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment ol the Senator
from Iowa.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
