1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
if it should deem it necessary after having
gone through with the investigation. I should
like to have that part instructing the commit-
tee stricken out. I do not wish anf bill intro-
duced here which may be to extend the time
for building some railroad or other.
Mr. MOORE. The committee is merely in-
structed to report by bill or otherwise, as it
shall deem best, after having gone through with
the examination of the facts.
Mr. RANDALL. The sense of the country
is well understood about giving lands to these
railroad corporations, and I think we should
stop at the threshold every facility looking to
any further grant of public lands for auy such
purpose.
Mr. MOORE. It is to guard against any-
thing of the kind that I have introduced this
resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Sometimes we are in this
House like men who row boats, we row one
way while we look the other. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Is not this a controversy
between two railroads? I do not see anything
which has yet been suggested by which the
United States is to take anything by this motion.
It seems to be a controversy between two rail-
roads—indeed, I do not know really what it
is—and 1 therefore inquire of the gentleman
from Illinois whether it is not a controversy
between two corporations, one claiming cer
tain lands and the other claiming the same
lands? If that, be so, let it be turned over to
the courts, and do not let Congress undertake
to decide between them.
Mr. ELDRID6E. As I understand it there
is danger of patents being issued and giving
these lands to a company not entitled to them
from want of the investigation which this reso
lution suggests. If that be so it seems to me
the only protection will be to suspend the action
of the Department until proper inquiry can be
made. The United States ought to give the
patents to the party justly entitled to them,
but we cannot do it without making the inves-
tigation provided for by the pending resolution.
Mr. DAWES. There is no question about
that, but if this be simply a controversy between
two corporations the courts of the country are
open to settle precisely such questions.
As I have said, I do not really know what
this controversy is, and I hope before the res-
olution passes we may be enlightened on the
subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the resolution
be again read.
The resolution, as modified, was again read.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to ask
thegentleman who offers this resol ut.ion whether
it would cover a case of this kind; whether
it would cover an opinion which the late Attor-
ney General gave in this case, and which was
subsequently suppressed by the Department
of the Interior at. the instance of a Senator?
Such has been slated to be the fact, and I
desire to know from thegentleman who offers
this resolution whether this inquiry would give
this House an investigation into that fact?
Mr. MOORE. 1 cannot say.
Mr. WOOD. I am in favor of the resolu-
tion if it does. The gentleman will pardon
me another remark. I say that we should
have an investigation into this transaction. I
believe that a gross wrong has been perpe-
trated, a wrong upon the Government of the
country, by one of these two roads now in
controversy as to this land. I am informed
that an opinion was asked of the late Attorney
General, that he gave an opinion, and gave it
adversely to the interests of certain parties who
were seeking patents for these lands, that that
opinion was subsequently suppressed, and the
Department is now about to issue patents for
these lands in opposition to that opinion. I
also understand it was for that the late Attor-
ney General was obliged to retire from the
Cabinet.
Mr. MOORE. I cannot say what connec-
tion any Senator or Representative may have
in this case. I understand that a certain rail-
road company, the Atchison and Pike's Peak
Railroad Company, claim a certain grant of
land derived from the Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company, or assignment of lands
from the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad
Company, which assignments no railroad had
any authority whatever to make, and at this
present time patents are likely to issue to the
Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad Company
without sufficient authority on the part of the
Government. Now, the request here is this:
that this whole business shall be suspended
until there can be an investigation in refer-
ence to the justice and correctness of the pro-
ceeding. The presumption is that fraud of an
immense character in that, direction has been
or is likely to be perpetrated upon the Gov-
ernment.
I know of no pretension to these claims
going to any other railroad company. If
there is anything of that kind I know nothing
about it myself. But my purpose is to have
this matter investigated by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that it may be seen whether the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph company had any right
to make this assignment of lands to the other
railroad, and whether those patents really
should issue to the Atchison and Pike's Peak
railroad.
Mr. WOOD. I am in favor of this invest-
igation. I agree with the gentleman that
there has been a fraud, a gross fraud, and I
believe that parties very high in this Govern-
ment can be connected with that fraud if a
proper and fair investigation can be had.
Now, I am in favor of this investigation, pro-
vided it has scope enough to include that
branch of this fraud with which these mem-
bers of the Government are connected.
Otherwise I am not in favor of it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker,
when I first heard the resolution read, I thought
it was merely a matter of inquiry, and that
probably there would be no objection to it.
But now, if I understand the matter—and I rise
for the purpose of inquiry—if I understand the
matter, the Government has no substantial
concern in the inquiry. A question of fraud
has arisen between the claimants of certain
lands as to which lands the Government is
bound in any and every event to issue the
patent to somebody, and, as I understand, the
inquirv is as to which of the two claimants is
entitled to the patent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Let me finish my
statement. Now. if that be so, then the Judi-
ciary Committee and Congress can do noth-
ing abeut the matter, for it becomes a question
of right, a question for the courts, and no pos-
sible legislation can decide between the two
claimants. I see nothing which the Congress
can exact upon any result which may come
out of the proposed inquiry. If I am right in
that, the resolution is all wrong, and ought not
fA hp T\QQCPfl
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether it is clear that either one of those rail-
road companies is entitled to the land in ques-
tion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If that is the state
of the facts, I am entirely in favor of the reso-
lution ; but I understand that it is not so.
Mr. FARN WORTH. It is possible that
it may be the duty of the Government to keep
the lands, neither of the companies being enti-
tled to them.
Mr. MOOPJE. It is denied that the Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph company ever had the right,
as from the Government, which it claims to
assign. This is denied, and if we wait until
the courts come in and adjudicate the patent
meanwhile may be issued, and the result may
be against the interests of the Government. I
do not see why this House should object to
any investigation into any of these alleged
frauds. If the Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road had no right to make this assignment,
why, as a matter of course, this other railroad
ought not to have patents, and the United
States ought to hold on to the lands.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If the Govern-
ment has any interest in the matter in the
way of retaining the title, we ought to pass the
resolution.
Mr. LOWE. I wish to make a further in-
quiry of the gentleman who offered this reso-
lution. I would ask him whether, if the Gov-
ernment passed no title whatever to the Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph railroad, the assignment
to any other railroad company would impair
the rights of the Government, or how an exam-
ination by the Committee on the Judiciary, or
any other committee, would affect the rights of
the Government? Upon the statement made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Moore,]
as 1 understand it, the patent would be wholly
void and confer no rights on any one.
Mr. MOORE. After the patent is gone the
thing is not in such good shape. I desire now
to say that I should not object to erasing from
the resolution the portion requiring the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report by bill.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
modified a8 indicated by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I see no impropriety
in sending this matter to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I am very strongly under the im-
pression that neither of these companies is
entitled to these lands; that the company to
whom the grant was made had no right to make
an assignment whatever; that it was void, and
that it' the matter is properly examined it will
be ascertained that the Government is entitled
to these lands, and no railroad company what-
ever. I shall, therefore, favor the reference
of this matter to the Judiciary Committee. I
think it ought to be investigated by the law
committee of the House, and a report made
in some shape or another.
The question was taken upon Mr. Moore's
motion ; and (two thirds voting in favor there-
of) the rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
amendment of the constitution.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to suspend the
rules, in order to put the following preamble
and joint resolution upon its passage:
Whereas politioal equality is the true basis of
republican government; and whereas, except the
citizcns of foreign birth, all voters, citizen? of the
United States, including Indians who are taxed, and
negroes, whether they pay taxes or not, are eligible
to the offices of President and Vice President; and
whereas citizenship results from the chance of birth,
or from choice, founded upon a correct appreciation
of free institutions, and a desire to participate in
their blessings; and whereas in peaoe and in war
our native born and naturalized citizens have shown
equal patriotism and skill as statesmen and soldiers:
Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,'(two thirds of each Hous>e concurring,)
That upon the ratification by the Legislatures of two
thirds of the Statesof the following proposed article,
the same shall be declared a part of the Constitution:
Abticlk —.
Section 1. Naturalized citizens are hereby made
eligible to the offices of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
The question was put upon suspending the
rales; and there were—ayes 39, nOes 45.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 81, nays 65, not voting 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Bcatty, Beck, Bird, James Gr. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Buckley, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Cogblan, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Cro3sland, Dox, Du-
Bose, Duke, Dunnell, Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Frye.G-arrett.Getz.G-oodrich, Hancock,
Handley, Harper. John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford,
Herndon, liibbard, Holman, Kerr, Kin?. Leach,
Lynch, Marshall, McClelland,McCormick,McHenry,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W.
Parker, Isaac C, Parker, Porter, Potter. Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sheldon, Sherwood,
