1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3891
STEAMBOAT LAW.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to submit
a report from a committee of conference on
the bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
by steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
report, but was interrupted by
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest that that is a
very important matter, and a number of Sen-
ators have spoken to me about it and desire to
have the report printed.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
and placed on the Calendar, but the usual
custom is to consider the reports of conference
committees when presented.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I give notice that
I shall call it, up at the earliest possible moment.
Mr. CONKLING. Before that bill passes
away from the Senate I wish to have a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury printed with
the bill, if there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
with the report if no objection be made.
Mr. BLAIR. What has that to do with the
report ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know.
Mr. BLAIR. Then I object.
Mr. CONKLING. It is a very instructive
document and pertains to this bill, and I think
we should have it before us. Does the Sen-
ator object?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not see what it has to do
with the conference report. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not want it printed
with the report. I simply ask that the letter
of the Secretary be printed for our information.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the letter will be printed separately.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CONKLING subsequently moved to
rescind the order for printing the letter; which
was agreed to, he stating that the letter could
be examined by Senators at the Secretary's
desk.
SWAMP LANDS IN NEVADA.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2863) to extend to the State of Nevada
the benefit of an act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits, have directed
me to report it back, and to ask that it be
indefinitely postponed. This bill provides
that the State of Nevada shall enjoy the
blessings of that act the same as if it had
been in force in Nevada from and after its
passage, which of course would take away
from settlers who are on these lands, if there
are any there—1 doubt whether there are 
Mr. STEWART. Yes, there are a great
many.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee have con-
sidered the bill, and directed me to report it
back, and to ask that it be indefinitely and
foiever postponed.
Mr. Si'EWAIiT,.. I hope that will be done.
This is an ex posi facto measure, and we
want the reclamation of deserts rather than
of swamps. We want the water.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, this bill will be indefinitely post-
poned. A motion that it be "forever post-
poned " is not included within the eleventh
rule.
Mr. NYE. Who recommends that?
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. NYE. Why not let it go on the Cal-
endar?
Mr. STEWART. I desire action upon it.
Mr. NYE. That is a very important^ bill,
and I really am not aware of what the wishes
of my constituents are on the bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. Let us go on with the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia objects, and the bill will
therefore be placed ou the Calendar with the
adverse report of the committee.
Mr. STEWART. Before that bill passes
away from the Senate, 1 wish to make a state-
ment in regard to it for about one minute.
Mr. POOL. I object.
NEW LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 998) relating to the creation of new
land districts, have directed me to report it
back, and recommend that the Senate concur
in the amendment of the House. It provides
that where we divide a land district the busi-
ness in the old office may continue until the
new office is established. That is all there is
in it, and I ask for its present consideration.
'There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which was to strike
out all of the bill of the Senate after the enact-
ing; clause, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following :
That hereafter, in case of the division of existing
land districts by the erection of now ones, or by
a change of boundaries by the President of the
United States, alt business in such original districts
shall be entertained and transacted without preju-
dice or change untiV the officcs in the new districts
shall be duly opened by public announcement
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 2. That all sales or disposals of the public
lands heretofore regularly made at any land office
after said lands havo been made part of another dis-
trict by any act of Congress, or by act of the Pres-
ident, are hereby confirmed: Provided, The same
are free from conflict with prior valid rights.
The amendment was concurred in.
PORT HUUON AND LAKE MICHIGAN RAILROAD.
_ Mr. POMEROY. J'he Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 255) confirming to the Port Huron and
Lake Michigan Railroad Company the lands
heretofore granted to the State of Michigan to
aid in the construction of a railroad from
Grand Haven to Flint, and thence to Port
Huron, and providing for the manner of issu-
ing patents therefor, and for other purposes,
have directed me to report it back with an
amendment, and as the Senators from that
State are present, I ask that the bill may be
considered at this time and the amendment
agreed to, so that the bill may go back to the
House.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to confirm the lands
heretofore granted to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Grand Haven to Flint, and thence to Port
Huron, to the Port Huron and Lake Michigan
Railroad Company, and the patents therefor
are to be issued to the company upon the cer-
tificate of the Governor of the State of Mich-
igan that the company has completed the sev-
eral portions of its road in accordance with the
provisions of law.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. 2. That all bona fide purchasers of or settlers
on lands embraced within the limits of the snid
grant, their assignees or legal representatives, being
innocent purchasers ot'the lands they claim or oc-
cupy, having in good faith purchased from parties
holding and selling said lands under and by virtue
of a certain decree  >f the circuit court for the
county of Oakland and Stateof Michigan, rendered
on the 8th aay of December, A. D. 1863, in a certain
cause wherein Morgan L. Drake was plaintiff and
the Detroit and Milwaukee Railroad Company and
others were defendants, shall have the right, so
soon as the said Port Huron and Lake Michigan
Railroad Company shall have complied with the
conditions of this act, and before the said lands
shall be certified by the Governor of the State of
Michigan to said company as herein provided, to
present to the United States district judge of the
western district of Michigan the evidence of their
title and purchase as aforesaid, and if their title be
derived by purchase from persons holding under
the sale made under the decree of the court as afore-
said, and upon depositing in the court for the bene-
fit of the said Port Huron and Lake MiohiganRail-
road Company $1 25 per acre, each one so proved to
have been purchased as aforesaid, then the said
district judge shall certify these facts to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, whereupon tho said Secretary
shall cause patents in fee-simple to be issued to said
settlers or purchasers for the lands embraced in
their respective purohases and to each separately;
and tho remaining lands not thus patented to set-
tlers, ocoupants, or purchasers as aforesaid shall
be conveyed directly to the said railroad company
according to the terms of the first section ot this
act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
who is to decide on the good faith of these
settlers, whether they have acted in good faith
or not?
Mr. POMEROY. The judge of the United
States court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How are you going to
get the case before him ?
Mr. POMEROY. The bill provides that
they shall present their own cases to him.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. He is to give
his certificate, and upon that the Secretary of
the Interior is to issue a patent for the land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
some explanation of this bill. I cannot under-
stand it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. This is a ques-
tion between two railroad companies looking
to the completion of substantially the same
line of road, and the board of control of the
State of Michigan have been unable to determ-
ine the question of right between the two. This
bill substantially decides as between the two,
and as more or less citizens had purchased
under a decree of the State court it assures to
such citizens as have in good faith purchased
of parties who purchased under that decree,
their title by the payment of $1 25 an acre,
the Government price, for the benefit of the
Port Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Com-
pany ; and it also provides that the proof of
these innocent purchases shall be made before
the United States judge of the western district
of that State, within which district the lands
lie. The bill has the approval of and has
been reported by the committee, and I think
there can be no objection to it. Its object
is to protect innocent purchasers of these lands
and insure to them a valid title for their pur-
chases
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask one
question: whether those settlers who get their
lands by paying $1 25 had a homestead right
or whether they entered the lands?
Mr. POMEROY. They had no homestead
right. They were purchasers under the decree
of a court, but they found that they did not
get a good title.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. They supposed
they had a title, but the title is claimed to be
defective.
Mr. MORTON. And this $1 25 is in addi-
tion to what they have paid?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is in addi-
tion and compensatory for a good title from
the Government, and the company get the
$1 25 per acre therefor also.
Mr. MORTON. Are the settlers satisfied
with the bill?
Mr. POMEROY. They are satisfied with it,
Mr. TRUMBULL. How are their titles
defective if they purchased under the decree
of a court? Has the decree been set aside?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It has not been
set aside, but there is a question in regard to
the decree; and for that reason, and in order
to settle it so far as innocent purchasers or
settlers are concerned, this is to assure to such
as have thus purchased from parties under
that decree; and it further requires them to
pay $1 25 per acre in addition to what they
have already paid; and, as I understand from
letters I have received from parties thus inter-
ested, they are satisfied with this because they
consider it would cost them more than $1 2G
per acre to test their title in the courts.
