1872.
THE CONGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
2099
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, as amended, striking out $75,000 and
inserting $85,000.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I ain now through with
the amendments in my personal charge, but
the honorable Senator from Kansas and the
honorable Senator from Oregon each has an
amendment from the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. CALDWELL. I move from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs the amendment which
I submitted on the 22d of March.
The amendment was read, being to insert
after line seventeen hundred and twenty-five :
For fulfilling obligations of the United States
with Wyandott Indians, as provided m the thir-
teenth article of the treaty concluded February 23,
1867, the several amounts ascertained to be due by
the board of^ commissioners, as per report dated
March 2, 18G9, with interest thereon at the rato
of five per cent,., §65,206 31, to be paid under the
diiecoonof the Piesident.
Mr. CALDWELL. The amount embraced
in that amendment was found to he due to the
Wyandotts, under treaty stipulations by a com-
mission appointed in puisuance of the treaty
of February 23,1807. At the second session
of the Forty-First Congress the Committee on
Indian Affairs reported fa vol ably upon it, and
it passed the Senate for that amount, but was
lost in a committee of conference. The mat-
ter has been again brought before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and certain items
stricken out amounting to $42,779, leaving
$23,427 81. That the Committee on Indian
Affairs recommends to be paid, and I am
instructed to modify the amendment reported.
I send up the modification of the amendment.
The Chief Cleuk. The amendment, as modi-
fied, reads:
For fulfilling treaty obligations of the United States
with Wyandott Indians, as provided in the thir-
teenth article of the treaty concluded February 23,
38(37, the followingitmoanLs ascertained to be due by
the board of commissioners, appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior as per their report dated March
2,1809, money lieretotore appropriated m fulfillment,
of treaty stipulations, but trunsterred to the surplus
fund, $3,8-11 69; taxes unjustly collected by the terri-
torial govei nment ot Kansas in 1859 and I860, to be
refunded, $14,582 6i; to enable the Wyandotts to
establish themselves m their new home in t lie Indian
territory, £5,000; m all $23,427 31, to bo paid under
the directiou of tho President of the United States.
Mr. CALDWELL. Perhaps the Senate will
understand the amendment better if I read
what the commission repoit in regard to the
several items mentioned. In regard to the
item of $0,844 G9 they say:
"On examination of the boohs in the Indian Bu-
reau we find on tho 3()rh of June, 18(54, there was
tiansferred to thesurplus fund $2,089 50, which stood
credited to the Wyandotts by appropriation in ful-
fillment of treaty stipulations under the following
heads:
Annuity $1,329 98
Blacksmith.,  363 26
Education  125 00
Improvements  271 28
Total $2,089 51
" These appropriations should have been paid on
the ratification of the treaty ot January 31,1855, and
are now due wiih interest trom that time, amount-
ing to $ i,8-!4 Gil."
On the second item in regard to taxes, this
commission say :
"By the fourth article of the treaty of January
31, 1855, with the Wyandotts, it is stipulated that
'none ot the lands thus aligned and patented to
the Wyandotts shall be subject to taxation for a
period ot five years trom and after the organisation
of a State government over the territory where
theyieside.'
"The authorities of the then Territory of Kansas
construed this provision of the treaty to mean that
thougn these lands were to lie exempt froui taxa-
tion tor live years after the establishment of a State
government, yet they were taxable up to tho time
such State government should be so termed, and
accordingly tax- d the lands lor the years 1859 and
I860, to the amonlit of §11.703 513, as is shown by the
statement ot Byron Judd, the treasurer of Wyan-
dott county, Kansas, tin 1859 and 1800,; where these
lands aie situated. _
"From a statement of the Commissioner ot Indi-
an Affairs, and trom the affidavit ot John T. Coohian,
who made the tieaty under the direction of the
Commissioner, there can bo no doubt that the
spirit and intent of the foregoing stipulation was
that the Wyandotts should be exempt from taxa-
tion from the date of said treaty until five years
after the foiuiation of tlie Stato government. Jus-
tice, therefore, requires that the $11,703 56 paid by
the Wyandotts to the territorial government for
taxes zn 1S59 and I860 should be refunded to them,
■with interest at, six per cent,, from tho time of pay-
ment on tlie 26th of January, 1864, to tho 4th of
March, 1869, the whole amounting to $14,582 62."
On the other item referring to the grant of
$5,000 the commission say :
" By the fourteenth article of the treaty of Feb-
ruary, 1867, it is stipulated that the sura of 55,003
shall be paid to the Wyandot's to enable them 'to
establish themselves in their new home,' which sum,
never having been paid to them, is still due under
said treaty."
All these amounts, it will be seen, were
amounts due under stipulations of the treaty
and which have been withheld from the Wyan-
dotts up to this time. The amounts stricken
out that have been heretofore recommended
to be paid were amounts due on deferred pay-
ments and interest on the same. Those items
the committee thought should be stricken out,
amounting to $43,000.
Mr. MO MULL, of Vermont. Ten or a
dozen years ago it used to be the part of very
enterprising men to come about Congress and
look over the Indian treaties, and see how
much the Government could not present
vouchers for t hat had been paid.
The PRESIDING OBTICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas yield?
Mr. MOlililLL, of Vermont. I thought lie
had concluded.
Mr. CALDWELL. No, sir; I have noth-
ing more to say except this, that there are
balances due on treaty stipulations. They
have passed the Indian Committee once or
twice, ami passed the Senate, and have now
been reexamined and reported as I have stated.
Mr. COLL. Before the Senator from Ver-
mont claims the floor I should like to call the
attention of the Senator from Kansas to the
fact that it appears from the document from
which lie read that part of this is for money
improperly assessed by the State of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. No; by the Territory,
When the United States Government under-
took to run thegovermnent in my country they
taxed these poor Wyandott Indians. The State
never taxed them a dollar. The money was
exacted out of them by the territorial govern-
ment inaugurated by (be General Government,
and this is to pay back to the Wyandotts what
the territorial government got out of them
illegally.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Vermont. As I was
remarking, it used to be a very considerable
business on the part of smart and enterprising
gentlemen to come here and examine our re-
lations with the several tribes of Indians, and
if they could find any from whom we had
not obtained sufficient vouchers (and vouchers
from the Indian tribes are seldom very per-
fectly drawn) they would come in with a claim
representing how much we had defrauded the
poor Indians out of in our treaties, I do not
say that this is a claim of that character, but
it is a little remarkable that it should have
shrunk so much in so short a season. Even
since this amendment was printed, they have
reduced the amount of the claim two thirds,
and now will be content, instead of $(50,000,
with $23,000.
But, Mr. President, this is a private claim
at best,, which should be separately treated.
Now, I do object to making a general appro-
priation bill a pack-horse for all these various
claims, whether they are due to our own citi-
zens or to Indians. Let them be separately
considered, and upon their own merits in in-
dependent bills. And now, Mr. President, 1
move to lay this amendment on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not press that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
it if the Senator wishes to speak.
Mr. POMEROY". The Senator has made a ;
speech which might apply to one thing as well j
as to another. 1 do not know that it applies I
to this matter at all; but it is a good speech in
general to apply to all matters that come up
relating to Indian affairs, that iuger.ious men.
come on to Washington, go through the De-
partments, and Slid that the Government has
not got vouchers and cannot show that if has
paid the money, and therefore they get up
claims, and these ingenious men present them
here year after year. That is very well. That
is a very good speech to make provided it had
any application to this case.
Then the second point is that it is a private
claim, and he hopes that private citizens, as
well as private tribes of Indians, will put their
claims before Congress in distinctive bills, and
have nothing to do with the general appro-
priation bills. Now, Mr. President, I come
to say as briefly as I can that this appropria-
tion bill provides for just exactly this class of
claims. You start out the bill by saying that
" to fulfill treaty stipulations" theteishereby
appropriated so and so, and there is not one,
item in this account that is not by viitue of a
treaty stipulation, and there is no rule of the
Senate that can get it off the appropriation
bill. The only way it can be got off tho ap-
propriation bill is by voting it down. It comes
within the rule. This is an Indian appropria-
tion bill. This bill is to fulfill treaty stipula-
tions, every item of it, or ought to be.
Now, what are the facts? One treaty
made with these Indians specially appropri-
ated $5,000 in one item by itselt; and that
has never been paid. Now, the Senator says
that may have been paid, but tho- Government
has neglected to have vouchers. Why, the
Departments have recommended time and
again that this be paid. The only reason this
whole claim has not been paid is that the
Indians have been demanding interest oti
these payments and the Government, the
Senate especially, from time to time have
refused interest. They have now waited so
long that they ask, " If we cannot have the
interest, do pay us the principal,- give lis the
old original amount, dollar for dollar, as you
agreed to." That is all there is in this appro-
priation.
The other item relates to taxes. That is
not contained in tho treaty, but the treaty
provided that these lands should be exempt
from taxation for five years after we became,
a State, and yet the territorial government,
run there by the General Government, of
which some of us had a very bitter experi-
ence under the administrations of Pierce and
Buchanan  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. As soon as I get through
the sentence. I say that the territorial gov-
ernment, inaugurated in that way, taxed the
Indians. Because the treaty said they should
not be taxed until five years after the Terri-
tory became a State, it was argued that the
Territories had a right to tax them before
becoming a Slate.
Mr. BUMCJNDS. The treaty says, "levied
under authority of the State government."
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the report
that is made by the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will read the treaty.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the report
made by the committee. That is what 1 was on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator put it on
the treaty. The treaty says :
" And the United States further agree to pay to
the said Wyandotts the sum of $11,727 ;4, being the
amount of taxes levied under tho authority ot the
State of Kansas contrary to the teims ot the treaty
of 1835, pievious to the organization ot^tue State
government and for five years thereafter.
Mr. POMEROY. I willanswer thatby.say-
ing that these taxes were for 1859 and 1800,
and the State was not admitted into the Union
until 18G1. We were not a State until 1801.
Our bill passed oil the 23d day of February,
1801. Mr. Lincoln was inaugurated President
on the 4th of March, and we had been in the
Union then about ten days.
