THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mu. TRUMBULL. But it is already de-
cided. If they purchase under a decree of
the court their title must be good until that
decree is set aside.
_Mr. MORTON. I understand the difficulty
is that the lands were Bold under a decree
agamst one railroad company when the lauds
did not belong to that company.
Mr. TEUUBULL._ But the decree would
be conclusive unless it was reversed.
Mr. CASSERLY. But the United States
are not bound by 1he decree.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the title in the United
States ?
Mr. CASSERLY. My own opinion is that
it is; that the grant has lapsed as against the
company and all the world besides.
Mr. POOL. If there is to be debate, I must
object.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me to be a
very unsafe proceeding for Congress to reverse
a decree of a United States court. We ought
to understand it certainly.
Mr. POMEKOY. NotaUnited States court,
a State court.
Mr. POOL. I object to the further consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, the decree of a
State court. We have no authority to re-
verse it.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. I hope the Sen-
ator from North' Carolina will withdraw his
objection. This is a matter of local interest,
aud I think it will pass in a moment.
Mr. POOL. I will withdraw tho objection
for a vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us have a vote.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. All opposition
is withdrawn.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill vs;;ts reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. it was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
MISSISSIPPI RIVliR BKlDGKS.
Mr. HOWE. The Senate will remember
that at -our last morning's session a bill was
read from the House of Representatives
which I desired to have very early action upon.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
objected to itat thetime, buthassince become
entirely siitisii'-d that the hill ought to pass. I
believe every Senator is satisfied.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Commit'ee of the Whole,-proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. li. No. 2806) further regu-
lating tho construction of bridges across the
Mississippi river, the Committee on Commerce
being discharged from its further considera-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,, ordered to a third reading, read
the third limp, and passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to ask to be
discharged from sundry petitions. These
petitions are from many thousands of peti-
tioners protesting against all amendments
to the Constitution lecoguizing the Supreme
Being. That is one class. Another class
of them is from citizens praying for the
exclusion from cilice by constitutional amend-
ment of all persons addicted to the use
of intoxicating liquors. Another class pray
for the prohibition of the manufacture, im-
portation, and sate of intoxicating liquors;
and still others pray for ail act to prevent the
manufacture of intoxicating liquors to be
used among the Indians. I have in this bun-
dle also qui! u a number of petitions upon vari-
ous subjects, some of them relating to the
establishment of district courts, and others
pr.iyinjj that the Constitution be not amended
so as 10 make foreign born persons eligible to
the oCiue of President, and others praying
that it may be so amended.
I am instructed by the Committee on the
Judiciary to ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of all these petitions.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 400) for
dividing the State of Georgia into three judi-
cial districts, and organizing and establishing
an additional district court of the United
States with circuit court powers and jurisdic-
tion, have instructed me to report it back
adversely.
Mr. NORWOOD. Let it go on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a Senate bill.
The House has passed a similar bill which the
committee will report favorably.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate bill
will therefore be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. NORWOOD. Is this the bill making
the district court a circuit court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. The bill I
have reported adversely divides the State of
Georgia into three judicial districts. It is not
the same bill that came from the House. This
is a Senate bill introduced by the Senator's col-
league. The bill which came from the House
repeals the law to authorize the district judge
to hold a circuit court, and creates a circuit
court that the committee have instructed me
to report favorably upon.
Mr. NORWOOD. I hope it will be passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill I now report
is a Senate bill introduced by the Senator's
colleague; and that the committee report
adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill will
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other bill which I
am instructed by the Judiciary Committee to
report favorably is the bill (H. R. No. 1492)
to take away the circuit court jurisdiction of
the district court of the United States for the
northern district of Georgia, to create a circuit
court in said district, and for other purposes.
The effect of the bill is simply to change the
court held in the northern district of Georgia,
which is now a district court with circuit court
jurisdiction, to a circuit court, so that the
circuit court judge can hold it. This is all
there is to the bill; it ought to pass, and it
will pass in a moment if there is no objection.
I ask to have it considered now.
Mr. NORWOOD. I hope that will be
done.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1043) to facilitate the trial of suits,
causes, and proceedings, the taking of depo-
sitions, testimony, and bonds, the issuing of
processes and expediting the proceedings in
suits at law or m equity in the district court of
the United States for the southern district of
New York, reported it adversely, and moved
its indefinite postponement; which was agreed
to, there being another bill on the same sub
ject pending.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No 419) to prevent
cruelty to animals while in transit by railroad
or other means of transportation in the Uni-
ted States, reported it adversely, and moved
its indefinite postponement, there being an-
other bill pending on the same subject; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired the bill (S. No. 452) extending
the limits of the United States court for the
southern district of Florida, reported it ad-
versely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 631) to provide for
the holding of additional terms of the district
and circuit courts of the United States in the
State of Michigan, and for other purposes, re-
ported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
3) proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, reported it ad-
versely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 654) to provide
for holding terms of the circuit and d.strict
courts of the United States in Nebraska City,
in the State of Nebraska, reported it adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
' He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 006) to provide
for the appointment of a commission on the
subject of prohibitory legislation for the sup-
pression of intemperance, reported it adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 529) to provide
for a circuit and district court of the United
States for the upper peninsula of Michigan,
reported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1157) to amend the charter of
the Columbia Railway Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1125) to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to acquire from the mayor and cor-
poration of the city of New York land on the
Battery for a custom-house and other Govern-
ment buildings, have instructed me to report
it without amendment. I would say that the
Government leased the building now used for
the barge office, and the lease soon expires.
When it expires the officers of the Govern-
ment know not what they shall do for facili-
ties for the duties which are connected with
that office. For that reason I would ask the
present consideration of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I cannot consent.
We had better go on with the regular order.
Mr. CONKLING. This will take but a
minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 534) to confirm the
title of James V. Boughner to certain lands
therein described, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jesse Sutton, pray-
ing the confirmation of his title to a tract of
land in New Mexico, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the samecommiitee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. £o. 784) confirming
the title of Lewis Grignon to a certain tract
of land at Green Bay, Wisconsin, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of citizent of Las
Animas, Huerfena, and Bent counties, in the
Territory of Colorado, against the confirm-
ation of the Vigil and St. Vrain grant in lhat
Territory, asked to be discharged lrom its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary; which was
agreed to.
REMOVAL OF DESERTION CHARGE.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs report a bill (S. No. 1168) to amend
au act en titled "An act to remove the charge
