1872.']
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42b Dong.,. ..2d Sess.
Resignation of Judges—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
and declare what should be a quorum, and
how many votes shall be necessary lo a choice,
which they did not do when treating of aa
election by the two houses.
As to the election in this case, which was
effected on the first day, the only provision
applicable to it was that provision which my
friend from Vermont read from the constitu-
tion of North Carolina, which requires in
order to do public business a majority of the
Legislature to be actually present, but not
that they should be present and voting. If
they were there in their proper persons that is
all that was required ; the body had validity,
had life, had power to act, and your act de-
clares that the man who receives the highest
number of votes cast by that body shall be the
Senator.
In this case, , of course, whether Mr. Abbott
has received the highest number of votes or
not depends upon whether I am right or
wrong in the argument I make as to the effect
of the votes cast for Vance. That they were
cast in the face of the Constitution must be
conceded. That an act done in the face of
the Constitution is void and no act is a con-
ceded principle. Those votes, then, that were
cast against the Constitution were not votes
when you are speaking in legal language.
They were not votes when you are deciding
who received the highest number of votes on
that day. They were blanks, they were thrown
away, they amounted to nothing. Then, on
the first day i\lr. Abbott received the highest
number of votes cast in both houses of the
Legislature, and that secured to him his right
to a seat in this body as a Senator.
Mr. President, I feel that I owe to this body
an humble apology for having detained it so
long, and I most sincerely thank the Senate
for the attention they have given me.
Resignation of Judges.
REMARKS OP HON. M. H. CARPENTER,
of wisconsin,
In the Senate op the United States,
April 17,1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 435) to authorize the President to accept the
resignation of judges of any court of the United
States-
Mr. CARPENTER said:
Mr. President : If any evidence were needed
of the resources of my honorable friend from
New York and the versatility of his genius,
the remarks he .has just submitted to the Sen-
ate would be sufficient. Here is a bill which
provides, what?- Simply this: that inasmuch
as the' public necessities require the holding
of a court, when a judge becomes perma-
nently disqualified to, perform his duties you
may let him retire and put a well judge in his
place. That is all there is of this biil. The
bill does not look to a pension, nor to the
benefit of the judge, bat sijnply to the inter-
ests ot the public anij to the transaction of
public business.
Upon this bill a debate hetween my honor-
able friends from Vermont, New York, and
Ohio hag sprung up, whiohhas rangedthrough
the universe and ransacked the centuries.
Csesar and Napoleon h&ve befcn biiHed tb the
bar ; 'things present and absent have been crit-
icised and discussed; the Rubicon J^as been
repassed and Waterlao fought over again ; all
to-show that if you get a judge who cannot do
his duty, you had better-keep hhn forty years,
and; hfkves AP business .done, titan to allow him
to retire, and put a sound man in his place.
Why, Mr. President, suppose you have a
man appointed to the Supreme ot the circuit
fctenct at forty years of age, a man in perfect
vigor of body and mind, who enters upon his
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 17.
duties with zeal, able and intending to per-
form them to the satisfaction of the public,
and yet in one week after be goes on the
bench he is stricken with paralysis. They say
on the other side, let him lie on his back
thirty years and then retire under the seventy
years' law.
Mr. CONKLING. Why does my honorable
friend say that? By "the other side" he
means those who oppose his views on this bill.
They have said no such thing. On the con-
trary, they have said the reverse; they have
said that they will accept the idea that in such a
case as he speaks of, where a judge would have
the hardihood to block the way lor the sake of
getting his salary—assuming" that somewhat
violent position—they will legislate in that case,
and in all other like cases, as they did in the
case of Judge Watrous. Why does my honor-
able friend say that we argued in favor of
allowing him to lie on his back for thirty years
incumbering the bench, to the exclusion of
anybody else ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I was alluding more
particularly to the remarks of the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and certainly
that was the principle of his speech. If a
man becomes permanently disabled, and has
not served ten years, he would compel him to
lie on his back until the ten years expire; and
he moved an amendment to limit the bill to
those judges who were not only permanently
disqualified, but had served ten years. So
that if the judge should be stricken with
paralysis the first year after his appointment,
he would have to lie on his back, retaining his
office, for nine years before he could be retired
under this bill. That is what I was alluding
to, and in the case which I have mentioned it
is an exact application of the doctrine, and a
true statement of the principle upon which his
amendment rests.
Mr. President, it is refreshing, because it
confirms our confidence in human nature, to
see two such eminent members of the bar as
my two friends before me, one from Vermont
and the other from New York, who certainly,
if this bill should jpass and the present Chief
Justice should retire under it, could not be
overlooked by any President in selecting his
successor—it is consoling to see these two
Senators, upon the shoulders of one of whom
the ermine would probably fall, vying with
each other in belittling the service of the
judge and opposing an increase of compen-
sation to the judges.
It is suggested that if this bill should be-
come a law, and should happen not to work
well, perhaps it could not be repealed. Though
Senators do not feel very confident about it,
yet they suggest that such a bill may possibly
be irrepealable upon the ground that it is to
be considered as an inducement to men to
accept the judgeship, and therefore consti-
tuting part of the compensation of a judge.
There may be a theusand inducements held
out for this purpose by statutes, all of which
can be sepealed at pleasure with the single
exception of the statutes fixing their compen-
sation. For instance, should the courts be
relieved of certain unpleasant or laborious
duties now imposed upon them, this might
be an inducement to accept the office, but of
course Congress could restore the jurisdic-
tion and impose additional duties and labor
of a judicial kind t® any extent. The only-
inhibition is, that their "compensation" shall
not be diminished during their terms of office.
The Constitution says:
" The judge, both of the Supreme and inferior
oourts, shall hold tbeir offices during good behavior,
tfnu shall, a stated times, receive for their services
a, compensation which shall not be diminished dur-
ing their continuance in office."
Now, what is the plain common-sense mean-
ing of this provision that they shall receive a
compensation " at stated times," which shall
not be diminished? Everybody understands'
that " compensation " there means simply and
precisely their salary ; nothing more, nothing
less, and nothing different. Now, then, the
contingent benefit which the Senator from
New York says might result to the judges from
passing this bill is not the compensation
spoken of in this section, because in its nature
it cannot be received by the judges "at stated
times." It would be one of those comforting
enjoyments, those soothing consolation's which
could not be received by the judge " at stated
times," but it would live with him, solacing
every hour, and softening every sorrow. This
provision has no reference to t hese sentimental
enjoyments of a judge, to his hopes and fears.
It treats simply of his salary, and says that he
shall receive it "at stated times," and it shall
not be diminished during his continuance iu
office.
Mr. CONKLING. To test the views of my
friend, I desire to ask him a question. I
understand his criticism to be that the argu-
ment cannot apply here because of the phrase
" at stated times." He asks, how could a man
receive at stated times this pay ? Only as he
received it in the future at the same stated
times fixed by law, being identical whether he
is in office or out at the time. Now, my question
is this: suppose the pay of judges was so
graduated bylaw that during the first five years
they received a certain compensation, during
the succeeding five years a greater compensa-
tion. and so on through good behavior. There
would be a case where they could not receive
the increase of pay exeept at future stated
times just like this. Does the honorable Sen-
ator think you conld repeal that law or pro-
vide during the pendency of the incumbency
that they should not receive for each ensuing
five years an increase of emolument?
Mr. CARPENTER. Of course not, because
in the first five years, for instance, the salary
would be paid quarterly each year; in the next
five years quarterly, and in the next, and so
on. No matter whether the salary is the same
or increased, it is to be paid and can be paid
at stated times; but the sweet satisfaction
which a judge might feel in knowing that if he
should be stricken with paralysis he could not
be turned out like a dog to die, would be inca-
pable of being received "at stated times."
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will pardon
me, when is it to be paid, undertheact of 1869
or under this proposed act, after resignation ?
Is it not to be paid, in the language of the law,
the same as if they had continued in office ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Whether it is or is
not, is immaterial. The precise point here is
that the compensation which we arc speaking
of, and which the Constitution refers to, must
be a compensation which can be paid at stated
times. If the Senator from New York can
demonstrate how this contingent benefit, which
rests simply in the hope of the judge that it
will be well with him in old age, is to be re-
ceived by the judge "at stated times," I will
surrender that point. And if he cannot de-
monstrate this, he fails to show that the "peace
of mind " which this bill would confer upon
a judge is a part of that "compensation"
which eannot be diminished " during his con-
tinuance in office."
The Senator from New York says the bill
on the face of it shows that it will lead to fraud.
Why ? Because it provides that the President
may accept the resignation of a judge for per-
manent disability, and yet provides that the
salary shall cease if he shall subsequently
accept an office. That seems -very remark-
able. A judge who had become permanently
disqualified, by deafness, for performing his
duties on the bench might nevertheless per-
form the duty of register of deeds in his town,
and might hold the United States office at
Milwaukee of light-house keeper. [Laugh-
