1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
tice in such oases to provide by law for having
the pension relate back to the time of the
application?
Mr. MOORE. With the consent of the
House. I will state my reasons for asking that
this should go to a committee of conference.
Our Committee on Invalid Pensions has uni-
formly discriminated as to the meritorious char-
acter of claims for pensions, and in several in-
stances have gone back in order to give pen-
sion from the date when the right to pension
accrued, but in every instance the Senate has
sent back the House bill with an amendment
like the one now before the House, making
the pension begin from the date of the passage
of the act. We have gone on pursuing that
course, feeling it was a just and proper one,
and we have concurred in the amendments of
the Senate up to this time. It now becomes
exceedingly important that the House com-
mittee should have a conference with the Sen-
ate, and if they propose to establish this as a
universal rule to apply to all cases, and if they
will never go back.in any case, however merito
rious, it is time the House should know it
and the House committee should understand
it, so that, if necessary we shouki conform our
course to the course of the Senate. Half a
loaf is better than none. It becomes ridicu-
lous in us to be passing pension claims giving
arrears of pensions when the Senate contin-
ually rejects all such pensions and send the
bills back to us here with amendments and we
concur in them. We now propose to have a
conference between the two Houses to settle
the matter.
The amendment was non-concurred in, and
a committee of conference was asked on the
disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
CONSTITUTION OF DESERET.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the memorial of the convention
to fiame a constitution for the admission of
Utah into the Union as a State, convened at
Salt Lake City, February 1!), 1872, with the
constitution of the State of Deseret, adopted
in convention March 2, 1872, ratified by a vote
of the people March 18, 1873; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, leported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (H. E. No. 497) granting a pension
to Frederick A. Garlick, of Cortland county,
New York;
An act (EL R. No. 555) for the relief of suffer-
ers by fire at Chicago ;
An act (H. R. No. 712) granting a pension to
William II. Bridges;
An act (H. R. No. 1024) for the relief of
Thomas B. Valentine;
An act (H. 11. No. 1073) granting a pension
to Sarah Whiting;
An act (H. R. No. 1197) granting a pension
to Captain Ileury M. Scott;
An act (H. R. No. 1330) to amend the thirty-
second section of an act entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870 ; and
An act (H. B. No. 2041) for the relief of the
children of John M. Baker.
LEA VIS OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Goodrich for one week ;
to Mr. Duell for one week ; to Mr. Bird until
to-morrow; to Mr. Sutherland until Monday
next; to Mr. Price for fifteen days; to Mr.
Klt.llxger lor two weeks from Monday next;
to Mr. Lamfobt for three days ; to Mr. Seelest
for ten days; to Mr. Shoemaker for ten days;
and indefinite leave of absence to Mr. Siiklla-
bargek. Mr. Wilson of Indiana, and Air.
Boles.
GEORGE IV. ASIIBUltN.
On motion of Mr. BIGBY, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
George W. Ashburn.
W. O. CHEATHAM.
On motion of Mr. McHENRY, by unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the
case of W. C. Cheatham.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the number of
enlisted men on extra duty and of civilians
employed in the subsistence depaitment;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
QUARTER MASTER'S DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to officers and
employ6s of the quartermaster's department;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
OHIO AND MOBILE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in answer to a resolution of the Ilouse
of March 15, 1872, ill relation to the disposi-
tion of lands granted to the States of Missis-
sippi and Alabama to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the mouth of the Ohio
river to the city of Mobile, Alabama; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ROUND VALLEY INDIAN KliSIiRYATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of March 18, 1872, in
relation to ihe extension of the Indian reser-
vation known as the Round Valley Indian res-
ervation, in the State of California ; which wag
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
KEERL AM) MILLER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with the re-
quest of the Committee on Milirary Affairs, in
relation to the payment of $5S2 70 to Messrs.
Keerl & Miller; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
INDIAN WAR 01' 1862.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the Ilouse a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claims of
Dakota Territory for pay, &c., of troops in
the Indian war of 3 8G2; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
SALE OF USELESS MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an ap-
proptiation required to carry into eflect the
act of February 21, 1871, for the expenses of
survey, appraisement, and other contingent
expenses necessary and attendant upon the
sale of useless military reservations, provided
for by said act; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
OFFICE OF RECORDER OF DEEDS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid befoie the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an ap-
propriation required for records, &c., in the
office of the leeorder of deeds for the District
of Columbia for the current fiscal year; which
was referred to the Committee on Approprisi'
tious, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN GAULT, JR.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from ihe
Secretary of War, in compliance with a request
of the Committee on Military Affairs, in rela-
tion to the claim of JohnGault, jr. ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
third section of an act of Congress, approved
May 17, 1856. admitting parole evidence to
establish claims for bounty land warrants,
where no record evidence is found to exist;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
CO [.LECTORS OF PORTLAND AND ASTORIA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution of ihe House of February 2, 1872,
transmitting letters from the collectors of cus-
toms at Portland and Astoria, Oregon; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to he printed.
REPORT ON STATISTICS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
report of the chief of the Bureau of Statistics,
accompanied by a German translation of his
repoi t on immigration ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
ELECTION CASH—-M'KISSOCK YS. WALLACE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House additional evidence
in the contested-election case of Mcltissock
vs. Wallace, from the State of South Carolina ;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
CLAIM OF CHOCTAW NATION.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported^
back the memorial of P. P. Pitchlynn, dele-
gate of the Choctaw nation, upon the subject
of the claim of the Choctaw nation to the net
proceeds under the award of the Senate of the
United States, and askedthat it bo recommit-
ted to the committee and printed.
Mr. MAYNAKD. That certainly ought to
go to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. It has been before the
Committee 011 Indian Affairs, and is'reported
back from that committee for recommittal and
printing.
There was no objection ; and the memorial
was ^committed, and ordered to be printed.
PRINT IN Ci OF A BILL.
Mr. PENDLETON, fiom the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rnolvrd, Thntten thou^.ind copies of Senate bill
No. 447, to enable honorably discharged soldiersand
sailors, Ihftir widows and oiphans, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands, bo printed tor the use of
the House.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider
the vote by which ttie resolution was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HAWLEY. I call for the regular
order. I do so for the reason I stated when
the steamboat bill was made the special order
for half past one o'clock that I would do so.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being called for, the morning hour
begins at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock,
and repor'.s are in order from the Committee
on the Public Lands.
