1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2997
department. There wero excepted two or
three families, who are permitted to remain in
Indiana, and some did not go West on account
of being sick, &c. A subsequent arrangement
was made by which those who remained in
Indiana were not to have any share in the
funds of those who went West, but there were
some of these Indians iu Indiana, near Fort
Wayne, who were by the act of 1838 permitted
•to take lands of the Miami tribe, and from that
time cooperated with that tribe.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio. I must now insist
upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
end read a third time; and being engrossed, ic
wasaccordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the
vote "by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KKMOVAIj OF CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
Mr. AVERILL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported adversely upoa the
joint resolution of the Legislature of Min-
nesota for the removal of the Chippewa In-
dians from their reservation at the mouth of
Pigeon river, Minnesota; which was laid on
the table.
NET LAKH INDIANS.
Mr. AVERILL also reported back adversely
the memorial of the Legislature of Missouri,
for completing a wagon-road for the purpose
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. AVERILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POTTAWATOMIE AND OTHER INDIANS.
Mr. BOLES, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, with an amendment,
the bill of the Senate (S. No. 988) to provide
homes for the Pottawatomie and absentee
Shawnee Indians in the Indian territory.
The bill, whick was read, provides for the
issuing by the Secretary of the Interior of cer-
tificates by which allotments of lands lying
within the thirty miles square tract hereto-
fore selected for the Pottawatomie Indians
next west of the Seminole reservation in the
Indian territory, shall be made to each mem-
ber of the Pottawatomie band, known as the
Pottawatomie citizen hand, in this manner:
to each head of family and each other mem-
ber of the tribe twenty-one years of age, not
more than a quarter section, and to each minor
not more than eighty acres, such allotment
being made to include, as lar as practicable,
for each family, the improvements which they
may have made. Certificates of allotment are
to be made in severalty, specifying the names
of the individuals to which they have been
assigned, and that the tracts are set apart lor
;! the exclusive and perpetual use and benefit
[ of such assignees and their heirs. Until other-
:| wise provided for by law, these tracts are to
of facilitating"the payment of the Net Lake ij be exempt from levy, tax, or sale, and shall
Indians; which was laid on the table.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. AVERILL, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, and with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(EL li. No. 1409j to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to open negotiations with In-
dian nations, tribes, or individuals, for the
purpose of commuting all annuities now pay-
able in kind, and to report his doings to Cou-
vides that the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorised and directed to
enter into negotiations with any of the Indian
nations or tribes with which we have treaty
stipulations conditioned that the Dnited States
shall pay or deliver annuities to the nation, or
' be alienable only to persons of Indian blood
lawfully residing within ihe territory, with the
permission of the President, under such regu-
lations as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Interior.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the iirst section of the bill.
Mr. BOLES. That is the section referring
to the Pottawatomies. The objection to that
is that they are citizens of the United States.
... , . These Indians have been declared citizens of
gress lor its adoption, anu for other purposes. ;| Dnited d therefore the committee
the bill was read ihe first sect,on pro- jl propM to'recommend that this section
be stricken out, and they instruct me to ask
j| that the bill, as amended, be passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
  j reading; and received its third reading, and
tribe, or individuals, any article or articles in was
kind, or article whatever of value, other than i| ^ Mr BOLiiS moved to reconsider the vote
money, securities, or lands, with a view to the ;! b.y which the bill was passed . and a.so move
commutation in money, in single or annual
payments, to be made to the nation, tribe, or
individual entitled under treaty; provided,
however, that the period for the payment or
payments of the commutation money shall in
no case extend beyond the period of ten years
from the passage of this act.
The second section provides that it is hereby
made the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
to make to both Houses of Congress, at their
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title of the bill was then amended by
striking out the word "Pottawatomie."
SHOSHONE AND J1ANN0CK INDIANS.
Mr. MITCHELL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment, House bill No. 1914, to authorize the
rt ^dlvidult '! Sa7d he^°«euof theShoSone andBan-
—eluded w.th any nation tr.be, or indrnd ial , . f r d; for tJje re!i isWnt
.an, a special and detailed report of the |j of a of their reservation in Wyoming
same; and no buch agreement or negotiation
shall be of any effect until it has been adopted
hy Congress.
jLemtory.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
•pi °lu- ; . ., . 1t i retary of the Interior to negotiate, through
seCtlon, Pr??ao* th,at "l11 „laT! ; nroper agents or commissioners, to be by him
or parts of laws authorizing or directing the
appointment or licensing of Indian traders be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment reported by the committee
was m section one, to strike out the proviso in
hues eleven, twelve, thirteen, and fourteen, as
follows:
Provided, however. That the period for the pay- ,
ttient or payments of tho commutation money shall >
in no caao extend beyond the period of ten years ■
Jrom the passage of t.his act. j
i be amendment was agreed to. j
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be i
engrossed and read a third time ; and being j.
! proper agents or commissioners, to be by him
: appointed, with the chiefs and head-men of
the Shoshone and Bannock tribes of Indians,
' for the relinquishment of that portion of the
! reservation of said tribes, in Wyoming Terri-
; tory. which is situate south of the central
' dividing ridge between the Big Popoagie and
1 Little Wind rivers, and to cede to said tribes
| lands lying north of their prejent reservation,
i equal in area to any lands t>v them ceded ;
and that it shall be the duty of the Secretary
to report ail proceedings under this act to ,
Congress for approval or rejection. j
The amendment was to insert after the words i
"Little Wind rivers," the words "and south
of the forty-third parallel."
The amendment was agreed to ; and the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MITCHELL moved to reconsider tbe
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALASKA.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported adversely upon House
bill No. 2174, authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to take jurisdiction over the people
of Alaska called Indians, and for o;her pur-
poses; a.nd the same was laid upon the table.
ItlSB BEAK, A CIHPPJSWAY CHIEF
llr. ADAMS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. JS'o. 2036) for the
relief of Red Bear, a chief of the Pembina
band of Chippeway Indians: which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering tbe bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill states that provis-
ion was made in the ninth article of a treaty
with the lied Lake and Pembina hands of
Chippeway Indians, concluded October 2,
1803, for setting apari out of the tract of land
ceded io the United States by Ihe second arti-
cle of said treaty a reservation of six hundred
and forty acres for the chi.'f lied Bear, on
the north side of the Pembina river; but that,
by reason of the land^ having been entered to
such an extent by settlers, no tract of land of
six hundred and forty acres in compact form
was left on the north side of tbe river suitable
to the uses of said chief.
The bill accordingly provides that in view
of the uniform good conduct and friendly dis-
position toward the Government of the United
States of said chief lied Bear, he shall be
authorized to make selection of the reserva-
tion contemplated for him by the treaty of
October 2, 180;!, out of any unoccupied lands
ceded to the United States by the provisions
of the second article of said treaty.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ADAMS moved to reconsider tbe vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
ttiat the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ItlCHAKD G JICJHt'IIV.
Mr. ADAMS also, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the memorial for the
relief of Richard G. Murphy, bite United States
Indian agent for the Sioux of Minnesota; and
the same was laid on the table.
INDIAN DWIlJiDATlONi! IX NEW MEXICO.
Mr. ADAMS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon the petition of
Gustave Elsberg and Jacob Amberg for relief
for depredations committed upon their prop-
erty by Indians in New Mexico : and the earns
was laid on the table,
j. A. YIALL.
Mr. ADAMS also, from the same committee,
reported back a letter of the Secretary of ths
Interior in relation to affidavits in bis Depart-
ment in answer to charges made by M. M.
McCanlev against J. A. Via.ll, superintendent
of Indian affairs for Montana Territory, and
moved that the committee be discharged irom
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to tbe Committee on the Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
OSAGtl. t'HCST LANDS.
Mr. ADAMS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely upon the petition
