1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
The message, with the accompanying papers,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Elliott
for ten days; to Mr. Foster, of Ohio, for two
days; to Mr. Bigby for ten days; to Mr. Mor-
phis for one week; and to Mr. Pkice until
Wednesday next.
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting to the
House an account of the receipts and expend-
itures of the United States for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
EMPLOYES OP THE CLERK.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
transmitting a list of clerks and other per-
sons employed in his office; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF NINTH CENSUS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior in relation to the
disbursing agent of the appropriations made
for the ninth census; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
UNITED STATES NOTES DESTROYED BY FIRE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting two peti-
tions received at his Department, praying for
relief in consequence of the loss of certain
United States notes destroyed by the fire in
Chicago.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that be referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL LOANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimousconsent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting the draft
of a paragraph in relation to the expenses
of national loans; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
APACHE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, asking for the
appropriation of $125,000, for subsisting the
Apache Indians of Arizona and New Mexico
during the remainder of the present fiscal
year; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with the act
ot' March 3,1871, in relation to appropriations
for certain public works on harbors or rivers ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCIES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting esti-
mates of deficiencies in appropriations re-
quired to complete the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1872, and of prior years;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations and ordered to be printed.
The question was then put on the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Before declaring the
House adjourned, the Chair desires to say
that he has allowed some irregularity of pro-
ceeding, this being Monday, in order to keep
the remainder of the week free from every-
thing but that which is regularly in order;
and he now gives notice that, with the assist-
ance of the House, he will, on every other day
of the week than Monday, resist every infrac-
tion of the regular order of business. "
The House then (at two o'clock and fifty-
five minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BARRY: The petition of Mary E.
Sacia, asking confirmation of title to certain
lands therein named.
By Mr. BECK: The petition and memorial
of F. Montmollin, sr., and others, of Lexing-
ton, Kentucky, praying for indemnity from the
Government on account of spoliations on their
property by the French Government.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts : The
petition of William A. Burke and 39 others,
citizens of Lowell, Massachusetts, for a prompt
repeal of the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Obed Brooks and 9 others, trustees of the
Harwich Savings Bank, at Harwich, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the repeal of the tax on
savings banks.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The petition of citi-
zens for the removal of the jail from Judiciary
Square, and for other relief.
Also, a petition of many citizens to open E
street through Judiciary Square.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of T. B.
Fitch, E. W. Leavenworth, A. A. Howlett,
and others, citizens of Syracuse, New York,
praying that the tax on deposits of savings
banks be abolished.
Also, the petition of Elias W. Benson, E.
C. Sprague, and 200 others, citizens of Erie
county, New York, praying Congress to give
pensions to such soldiers of the war of 1812
as served less than sixty days.
Also, the petition of D. O. Salmon, Parker
& Herrick, H. W. Wooster & Co., and others,
manufacturers and dealers in tobacco, of
Syracuse, New York, praying Congress to
establish a uniform rate of tax on all descrip-
tions of manufactured tobacco entering the
market for consumption at the rate of sixteen
cents per pound.
By Mr. DUKE: The petition of C. C. Wer-
tenbaker and 53 others, praying for a uniform
rate of tax on all descriptions of manufactured
tobacco at the rate of sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
Warren Raymond, of Rockton, Illinois, for
increase of pension.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin Poge, of
Sycamore, De Kalb county, Illinois, upon the
subject of the French indemnity claims.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The petition
of Joseph Hine and others, asking Congress
to stop the manufacture and sale of stamped
envelopes at less than cost by Government.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of John A.
Crozier, of Madison, Indiana, for a pension.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Smith
& Russell, Cameron & Hughes, Luciene G.
Matthews, Gidon, Kelso & Johnson, John
R. Nunemacher, and 20 others, printers and
manufacturers of paper and envelopes, citi-
zens of Indiana and Kentucky, praying for the
reform of the Post Office Department in the
matter of making envelopes for general use,
of putting on them private and business cards,
and of abusing the mails to trausmit them
throughout the country, and in other respects.
By Mr. KETCHAM": The petition of Joseph
Boyer, dealer in tobacco, and 56 others, cit-
izens of Poughkeepsie, New York, praying for
uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound on ail
descriptions of manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. KING: A concurrent resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Missouri, ask-
ing Congress to make appropriations for the
survey and improvement of the navigation of
the Gasconade river.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of Milo R.
Harris and 193 others, soldiers of the Uni-
ted States Army in the late war, for an act of
Congress securing bounty to all soldiers at the
rate of $8 33 per month for the time actually
served.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Benjamin
Kingsbury, jr., and others, citizens of Port-
land, asking repeal of tax on savings banks.
By Mr. MERRITT: The memorial of
Ridgley Greathouse, Ralph Bledsoe, J. S.
Reynolds, L. J. Cartee, Milton Kelly, and
300 others, citizens of Idaho Territory, pray-
ing Congress to grant land to aid in the con-
struction of the Portland, Dalles, and Salt Lake
Railroad Company.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of L. R.
Hoagland, John M. Robinson, and 91 other
soldiers, sailors, marines, and others, citizens
of Holmes county, Ohio, asking Congress to
grant land warrants and bounty to soldiers,
sailors, and marines.
Also, the petition of William Crage and 266
others,citizensof'Oberlin, Lorawi county, Ohio,
asking Congress to pass the bill supplement-
ary to the civil rights bill.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition asking relief
for Mrs. Lucilla Balleu.
Also, a petition for the relief of Joseph
McCullom.
By Mr. MORGAN : The petition of George
T. Irvine and 26 others, soldiers, asking for
equalization of bounties.
Also, the petition of Ellen M. Cummings,
asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of John A. Adams and
Mary Ann Lyons, asking relief in consequence
of French spoliations.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The memorial of
R. G. Dill and others, printers and stationers
of New Castle, Pennsylvania, protestingagainst
the manufacture and sale of envelopes by the
Government.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: The
petition of Blasius Redinger, for pension.
By Mr. McCRARY : The petition of S.
Hamill & Co., S. Pollock & Co., William
Tackoberry & Co., Collier, Robertson & Co.,
R. F. Bower & Co., Kellogg, Berge & Co., and
others, merchants and business men of Keokuk,
Iowa, praying a modification of the existing
tariff duties on imported sugar.
By Mr. McHENRY: A memorial of dealers
in spirituous liquors in the city of Owensbor-
ough, Kentucky, praying for a modification of
the taxes on distilled spirits.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of John
H. 0'Neall, ofDaviesscounty, Indiana, praying
for certain amendments to the first and second
sections of the bankrupt act.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of Calvin
Bronson, of Toledo, Ohio, for refunding the
tax illegally collected on tobacco.
Also, the petition of Miller, Lock & Co., T.
J. Brown, Bailey & Eager, and 14 others,
printers, booksellers, and stationers in the
city of Toledo, against the manufacture and
sale of stamped envelopes by the Government.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Nathan
H Cogbill and others, citizens of Chesterfield
county, Virginia, praying that the tax on all
descriptions of manufactured tobacco enter-
ing the market for consumption be reduced to
sixteen cents per pound.
Also, the petition of Fleming W. Jackson,
R. H. Wilkenson, J. G. Moore, and James
Turner, citizens of Richmond, Virginia, remon-
strating against the abolition of the bonded
warehouse system.
Also, the petitions of T. G. Jones & Co. and
others; of Winne & Talbot and others; ofT.
W. Pemberton and others; of Lawrence Lot-
tier and others; of Thornton Johnson and
others; and of William Easfay and others,
