1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8893
of desertion from certain soldiers of the thir-
teenth Tennessee cavalry," approved April
10, 1809. It is simply to remove the charge
of desertion from five or six soldiers who were
omitted in the bill of three years ago. If there
is no objection I ask to have it put on its pas-
sage.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. If there is no objection
the bill will be considered.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
ottduh of husiness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the tariff bill is before
the Semite, upon which the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is entitled to the floor.
The Chair will state to the Senator from Ohio
that three or four Senators have been on the
floor for half an hour endeavoring to make
reports from committees. Is there objection
to receiving them?
Mr. SHERMAN. Provided they do not
lead to debate or ask for the passage of bills
I have no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I ask consent of the Senate
to set aside to-tnorrow evening to consider
bills from the Comroittep on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent at. this time to make that
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are now under the
pressure of a resolution which requires us to
adjourn on Wednesday. 1 know that that is
impossible, and every Senator knows it; yet
still we are under that order, and until the
tariff bill is disposed of it is manifest we ought
not to do anything that will consume time. I
for one, although it is unpleasant to stand
here and object, give notice—and 1 hope the
Chair will not put me to the trouble of rising
in every instance—that 1 object to the passage
vf anything until we take up the tariff bill and
proceed with it, unless the Senate otherwise
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lias
repeatedly ruled that when Senators require
him to ask unanimous consent hecannotobject
himself, but must present, that request to the
Senate. If the Senator will remain in his seat
and nod, the Chair will recognize that as an
objection ; but if the Senator leaves the Cham-
ber, the Chair cannot recognize a continuing
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Min-
nesota told me that a bill in his charge had
passed to, its last stages. I will not object to
disposing of that.
postal code.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is House bill No. 1.
Amendments were offered, and 1 ask that the
amendments be agreed to and a committee of
conference appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks that the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole to the bill
(H. R. No. 1) to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to the Post Office
Department be concurred in by the Senate,
the bill passed, and a conference asked on the
disagreeing votes ot the two Houses.
Mr. CONKLING. On page 74 of this bill
is an ameudmeut which ought not to be con-
curred in, as I think. It relates to drop-
letters. I have refrained from making any ob-
jection because my honorable friend who has
the bill in charge assures me that he will see
to that in the conference committee. There-
fore I hold myself, as between me and my
constituents, exonerated from making any
objection now, knowing that he will take cate
to strike out the two lines to which I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the unanimous consent asked by the
Senator from Minnesota?
ilr. CONKLING. Let me ask a question.
My honorable friend at my side [Mr. Hamlin,]
says that in order to accomplish what I wish
the amendment must be agreed to in the Sen-
ate. This is an amendment of the Senate
upon which the House has not acted, and
therefore the conference committee will have
power over it. I retrain from objecting, rely-
ing on that.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are a few amend-
ments now in manuscript prepared by the
committee. Let them bo agreed to. I send
them up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Minnesota. The amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole are concurred in ;
the additional amendments are agreed to; the
bill is ordered to a third reading; will be con-
sidered read the third time ; and it, is passed,
and a conference asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. IIow shall the con-
ferees be appointed? ["By the Chair!"]
That course will he pursued.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must object to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects to the unanimous con-
sent asked by the Senator from Minnesota.
The Chair thinks the objection is too late;
but if the Senator persists in his objection-——
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that objection
will not be persisted in. This a bill which
is a revision of the postal code.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the objection was too late, because he asked for
objection, and afterward asked how the con-
ference should be appointed, and the conferees
were ordered to be appointed. At I,hat time,
although the Chair had not announced them,
they were in the eye of the law appointed. The
Chair thinks the objection is too late.
The appointment of Messrs Ramsey, Ham-
lin, and Casserly as conferees on the part
of the Senate was subsequently announced.
reports of committers.
Mr. PATTERSON, fiom the Committee on
the Disti ict of Columbia, to whom was teferred
the bill (II. It. No. 2333) to aid in maintaining
the fire department in the District of Colum-
bia, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, reported
u bill (S. No. 1105) authorizing the appoint-
ment of a board of trustees for colored schools
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SQMNER. Will not the chairman put
that bill on its passage?
Mr. PATTEliSON. I should be very glad
to do so if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a practical measure,
simply having reference to a board of trustees,
which, for the convenience of the system ought,
to be passed at once.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts asks for the present considera-
tion of the bill just reported in regard to trus-
tees of colored schools in the District of Colum-
bia. Is there objection?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two Senators
have risen to object.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (II. II. No. 2049)
granting a pension to Mrs. Margaret Webber,
direct me to report it back and recommend
that it be indefinitely postponed, and at the
same time to allow the applicant the privilege
of withdrawing her papers with a view of going
with them to the Pension Office.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2429) grant-
ing a pension to Sarah P. Wing, direct me to
report adversely ; but the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] informs me that he desires that
this case should go on the Calendar with the
adverse report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT submitted a report to accom-
pany the bill; which was ordered to be printed.
a. sciiuylkr sl'tj'o.v.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Delaware,
who is a member of the Committee on Pen-
sions, [Mr. Saulsbuiiy.] placed in my hands
the papers in a case to report. lie designed
making the report, on Saturday morning before
he left, but had not the opportunity of doing
so. He desired me to teooit the case this
morning in his behalf and to request that the
hill be put on its passage. It is House bill
No. 2411, granting a pension to A. Schuyler
Sutton. The bill is repoitcd with an amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That can pas5! at any
time. If I violate my position in regard to
this, I shall be compelled to do so in regard
to others.
Mr. PRATT. I hope my friend from Ohio
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the first time I have
objected to a pension bill.
Mr. PRATT. The party is a constituentof
the honorable Senator, and it is a very merit-
orious case.
Mr. SIIERMAN. Hut, will the Senate ab-
solve me from what. I said a while ago? I
said I would object to everything; hut the
Senator puts me in the position of objecting
to a pension to a soldier in my own State. I
do not think that, is fair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that tho Sen-
ator from Indiana stated the Senator from
Delaware desired to report, this bill, but, could
not obtain the floor on Saturday, and loft it
with a request that it, might be consideied to-
day.
Mr. SIIERMAN. Then I waive the objec-
tion in this case.
I>y unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 2111) grouting a
pension to A. Schuyler Sirton. It pu puses
to direct llie Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the piovisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the namo
of A. Schuyler Sutton, late a private m com-
pany A, and acting lieutenant, colonel of tlie
ninety-fifth regiment Ohio volunteers, at the
rate of thirty dollars per month from the
passage of the act, and in addition thereto to
pay him at the rate of fifteen dollars per month
from the 15th day of December, 18(13, to the
time the act, shall take ell'ecc, in lieu of hia
present, pension.
The Committee on Pensions reported tha
bill with an amendment in lines nine, ten, s;nd
eleven, to strike out, the words " and in addi-
tion thereto to pay him at toe rate of filteen
dollars permonth from the 15th of' December,
1803, to the time this act shall take effect.'
The amendment was agreed 'o.
The bill was report,oil to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment. wa3 concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be readathiid time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
bills intkoducld.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bul (S.
No. 116G) making an appropriation to pay for
fifty bales of cotton taken from Weil A Moore
at Mobile, AJabama, in 1H03. by United States
Treasury agents; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN (at the inquest of the patties
interested, as he stated.) a.-:ked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. HOT) authorizing the extension
of the railway of the Metopolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia ; wbicil
was read" twice by its title, acd referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
