310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
all citizens of Richmond, Virginia, praying
that the tax on all descriptions of manufactured
tobacco entering the market for consumption
be reduced to sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of the West-
chester Savings Bank and others, for the abo- i
lition of the tax imposed upon institutions for
savings. . „ „
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Rosa
Urblin, guardian of a minor child of Frederick
Wollaner, late a private in company A, one
hundred and ninety-eighth regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers.
Bv Mr. SLATER: The memorial of J. M.
Swift, M. B. McCrearey, A. H. Brown, Joseph ;
Shinn, J. W. Vertue, and 300 others, citizens ;
of Baker City and county, in the State of Ore- '
gon, praying for a grant of land to the Port-
land, Dalles, and Salt Lake Railroad Company,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Portland, Oregon, to the Union Pacific rail-
road, near Salt Lake.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The memorial of Abi-
gail Stukey, of Monroe county, Ohio, praying
for an allowance of bounty and a pension as
foster mother of Asbury Davis, a soldier in
the war of the rebellion, killed in the line of
his duty.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of the
Plimpton Envelope and Paper Company and
others, envelope manufacturers, printers, and
stationers, of Hartford, Connecticut, for the
abolition of the sale by Government of stamped
envelopes.
Also, the petition of Emiliiie J. Langdon,
of Berlin, Connecticut, fur a pension.
Also, the petition of the trustees of the
Society for Savings, of the State Savings Bank,
and of the Dime Savings Bank, all of Hart-
ford, Connecticut, praying for the repeal of
the tax on savings institutions.
Also, the petition of the Suffield Savings
Bank, and of several citizens of Suffield, Con-
necticut, praying for the repeal of said tax.
By Mr. WADDELL: A petition from to-
bacco manufacturers and others, for uniform
tax of sixteen cents per pound on manufactured
t'ibacco entering the market for consumption.
By Mr. WAKEMAN : The petition of Wil-
liam H. Corbet, for_pompensation for services
rendered the Government in the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of Caliata E. Cox, for the
extension of the patent on horse hay-rakes
granted to Harvey W. Sabin, December 3,
1850.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of John P.
Neville, late lieutenant and quartermaster in
the seventeenth and fortieth Missouri regi- '
ments. i
Also, the petition of Charles F. Meyer & Co., j
John C. Tiemeyer. B. S. Grant, and others, j
manufacturers,dealers, and growers of tobacco,
of St. Louis, asking for a reduction of the tax on i
tobacco. i
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of i
R. Cromelien, with acccornpanying papers,
praying that a fine of $175, improperly as-
sessed upon and paid by him, may be refunded.
NOTICES OF DILLS.
The following were presented under the
rules, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
_ By Mr. FINKELNBURG : A bill to estab-
lish a post road from Linn to Cooper Hill,
Missouri.
Also, a bill to establish a post road from
Dixon to Mauton, Missouri,
By Mr, KERR: A bill to establish an addi-
tional post route in the Stale of Indiana.
Also, a bill to establish an additional post
route in Jackson county, Indiana.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: A bill to establish
a post route from New Galilee to Cannelton,
Beaver county, Pennsylvania,
By Mr, SLATER: A bill to establish apost
road from the town of Union to Eagle Creek,
in Union county Oregon.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 9, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved. j;
Hon. Wiiaiam SpraGoe, from the State ot n
Rhode Island, appeared in his seat to-day. '
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- j j
ate a letter of the Secretary of War, transmit- ij
ting papers relative to and recommending the ,j
construction of a Government line of telegraph
from San Diego, California, via Yuma and j
Maricopa Wells, to Prescott aud Tucson, Ari-
zona; which was referred to the Committee on <
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also ;
lays before the Senate a letter of the Secre- j
tary of War, transmitting the report of the
commission to examine and report upon the ;
Sutro tunnel, in Nevada; which will be referred i
to the Committee on Mines and Mining, and :
ordered to be printed. (
The Chair also presents maps accompany- l
ing the report, which, under the usage o'f the I
Senate, will be referred to the Committee on i
Printing, to determine as to the propriety of
printing them.
DISTRICT LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
from the secretary of the District of Columbia,
transmitting four copies of the laws passed by
the Legislative Assembly of the District at the
session prior to the present one; which was s
referred to the Committee on Territories. ;
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS. |
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition ;
of Fannie M. Jackson, widow, executrix, and
sole legatee of John A. Jackson, deceased,
praying compensation for cotton seized and
taken by the agents of the United States on
the 24th day of August, 1865: which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Jane D. Mumford, of Massachusetts, praying
that a pension be granted her for the service
ot her 3on. Captain Dudley C. Mumford. who
was killed in battle at Prospect Hill, Virginia.
May 31,1864: which was referred to the Com
mitt.ee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of nineteen
hundred and twenty citizens of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for the passage
of the supplementary civil rights bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented another petition, signed
by one hundred and twenty-one citizens of
Washington, praying for the passage of the
supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of two thousand
citizens ot Baltimore, Maryland, praying for
the passage of the supplementary civil rights
bill: which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petitioh of two hundred
citizens of Augusta. Georgia, praying for the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present another petition
from Georgia, which is found to be some Shy
feet long, containing the signatures of some
of the most noted men of that State, on about .
fifty sheets of cap paper pasted together, and j
containing some two thousand names. I he
names on each sheet—I mention this pecu- .
liarity because the petition has presented to j
my mind a question with regard to its presenta-
tion—are, as a rule, in one handwriting, which
is explained in this postscript, signed by one
of the best-known colored men of Georgia:
"Take notice, the above names were written down
by fceretarieg as persons cams to the several jiiaces
designated, and though the names are mainly written
by a few pemmen, each person ordered their name
written themselves, anil hundreds more could have
been taker! bad the necessary opportunity been
given."
This is signed '' H. M. Turner, member of
the Georgia Legislature."
It will appear, therefore, that this petition
with some two thousand names attached has
a large number of names signed by different
persons. It is therefore within the narrowest
sense of the term a petition of several persons,
even though the names that are copied are not
in the handwriting of the persons that bear
them, and may not be recognized as properly
before the Senate. I presume, however, that
there will be no question with regard to the
petition. I move that it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will bo
received and lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Jefferson W. Davis, late first lieutenant of
company C, sixty-fourth New York volun-
teers, praying the pay and emoluments of
first lieutenant from June 28, 3804, to May
10, 1865 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of American
lace and hair net manufacturers, citizens of
New York, praying an increase of the duty
on silk hair nets; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Patrick
Robbins, praying to be allowed a pension from
the day of his discharge ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a resolution of the board
of supervisors, of Monroe county, New York,
asking an appropriation for the erection of
suitable buildings at Rochester, New York, for
the accommodation of the United States courts
and Government offices at that place ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. WILSON. 1 present a memorial signed
by J. Ingersoll Bowditch and several eminent
citizens of Boston, New Y'ork, aud Philadel-
phia, in favor of making an appropriation for
the family of Dr. William T. G. Morton, of
Boston, for the discovery of ether. 1 move its
reference to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I also present a memorial
in behalf of the American Temperance Com-
mission. signed by Aaron M. Powell, president,
William P. Tomlinson and A. R. Powell, sec-
retaries, asking for a national prohibitory law.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Aaron W. Powell, William P. Toroiinson, and
A. li. Poweil, officers of the American Tem-
perance Commission of New York, praying
for an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, which shall be submitted to the
several States for ratification, providing that
no candidate shall hereafter be eligible to any
Federal office who is addicted to the use of
intoxicating liquors as a beverage, and that
drunkenness in any incumbent of such office
shall be deemed at any time sufficient caus>e for
immediate impeachmentatid deposition; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented the petition of George
Pearey, of Newburyport, in lliecounty of Essex,
Massachusetts, representing that he was a wag-
oner in company B of the thirty-fifth regiment
of Massachusetts volunteers in the late war,
and while in the line of duty at Falmouth. Vir-
ginia, he received a double rupture by the
kicking of a mule, and that he has thereby
been disabled, and therefore praying the enact-
ment of a special act granting him a full pen-
sion from the date of his discharge: which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPENCKR. I present the petition of
U. L. Jones, president of the board of swamp
and overflowed land agents of Alabama, and
Henry St. Paul, secretary of the board, who
ask Congress to pass an enabling act, amend-
atory or supplemental to the act approved
March 12, 1860, authorizing the State of Ala-
