258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Read.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
ter.] There are plenty of offices he could fill,
although permanently and totally disqualified
to discharge his duty as a judge.
Mr. President, the danger under this bill is
not that judges will resign too soon, but that
they will not resign at all. We have had some
experience on this subject. We have seen a
judge far past seventy years of age who had
done good service, and was entitled to retire
under (he existing law on full pay, retaining
his office term after term, although wholly
unfitted by physical infirmities from perform-
ing the duties of his office, and although he had
to be carried pn to and off from the bench.
The fact is, old men shrink from acknowledg-
ing that they are under the infirmities of
nature, and no man with the least self-respect,
or caring a fig for the respect of his neigh-
bors, would leave the bench and continue to
draw the salary, except under circumstances
that would render his course acceptable to all
men.
But, as my friend from Ohio [Mr. Thukman]
suggetted, a perfect answer to this is, that if
any judge be so dishonest as to retire on full
pay under pretense of permanent disability,
■without the proper necessity, then he is too
dishonest to sit on the bench, and it would be
economy to get him off even by paying him
double salary.
The Senator from New York dwells at
length upon the merits of this bill as a "pen-
sion" bill. It is nothing of the kind. It
does not proceed upon the ground that the
judge is entitled to this benefit but upon the
fact, proved to exist in the case of those who
in the vigor of heaith were excellent judges,
that they will not resign an office they are
entitled to hold, and starve without it. The
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] re
gards such conduct as dishonorable, arid says
no Senator would do such a thing. But, Mr.
President, in extenuation, let it be remem-
bered that before a judge is called upon to
retire on account of the feebleness of hia
mind, he has become incapable by that same
feebleness of mind of judging in his own, as
he would in another's case. They are entitled
to this charitable consideration : that the very
cause which makes them unfit for the dig-
charge of their duties, has disqualified them to
pass upon the question of their own fitness or
unfitness; and when you say a judge ought to
retire for the reason that he is no longer able
to form correct judgments, you must acquit
him from all blame for deciding erroneously
upon the question of his own capacity.
Everything in this world has its advantages
and its disadvantages. An independent judi-
ciary, according to the theory of the Constitu-
tion, can only be secured by conferring a life
tenure upon judges; and judges are the only
officers under the Government of the United
States who cannot be removed during their
lives, except for misbehavior. It is otherwise
with the officers of the Army and the Navy.
Congress may abolish both in an hour. The
laws by which such officers are to hold for life,
or indefinitely, may be repealed to-morrow, if
Congress so will; because the Constitution
does not protect their tenure of office.
The judges, if guilty of no misdemeanor,
may hold their offices for life, and will do so,
unless you provide that they shall not starve
onretiiing. Self-preservation is the first law
of nature. An old judge, if he has been
honest, will be poor. And with what face can
you ask him to promote the public good by
going out to starve, when the public has
promised him, as the consideration for his ser-
vices in those years of health and strength
during which other men have laid the founda-
tions of fortune, that his path down the sun
set side of life shall be sweetened by compen-
sation "at stated times," not to be "dimin-
ished" during good behavior? Butthe public
good requires a live judge on the bench, and
hence you say to the one who has fallen into
the "sere and yellow leaf" of life, "60 and
take your salary, and give us a chance to
appoint another in your place capable of dis-
charging the duties of this high office as well
as you once performed them."
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. W. B. READ,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives,
April 19, 1872,
On Radicalism, its usurpations, its expenditures, and
the tariff.
Mr. RBAt). Mr. Speaker, the source of
power under our form of government is derived
from the people, and the perpetuation of our
great nation solely depends upon the just admin-
istration of the Government by the agents of the
people, and the permanency of our cherished
and valued institutions mainly depend upon an
honest and faithful observance of all the rights
and interests of its citizens, by those who are
from time to time chosen as their agents and
representatives to administer the affairs of the
Government. In the administration of the af-
fairs of this country a strict observance should
be had in regard to the welfare and happiness
of the whole people. They should be just
and equitable in their discrimination, and no
exclusive class, climate, or interest should be
fostered to the prejudice or detriment of any
other. Our wisest and best men should be
called to administer the affairs of State, and
equity and justice should be their governing
principle. Should the Government at any
time be made the instrument in the hands of
partisan agents, and it should be ruled by
them in a selfish interest, there would be just
disaffection, a distrust of self-government
would ensue, respect for the common country
abated, and a disposition of the people to dis-
inthrall themselves from its forms for what
they conceived or imagined they saw a par-
tiality in their rulers and a reckless disre-
gard of their interests and rights. Then let us
look at
the present administration,
Viewing it from that stand-point, do we see
anything in the administration of the country
for the last ten, and more especially for the
last three years, that would or does have a
tendency to estrange and lessen the confidence
of the people in the integrity of our institu-
tions, or do we see any distinction manifested
as to section or class; and are the burdens
of the people equal as to labor and capital,
each in its proper sphere, and is the same pro-
tection and encouragement given to each
class and condition in all sections of the coun-
try upon an equal footing, and are the immun-
ities of the Government equally dispensed to
all? If not, then we are not on the right
track, and the sooner we reverse the engine
the better, or the whole train will receive such
a crash from which the country will never
recover.
Then let us, in a cursory way, review the
action and the manner in which the party in
power has administered the Government for
the last ten years, especially for the last three
years. We find at the termination of the late
war the southern States in a prostrated and
depleted condition, without means and the
necessary comforts to sustain life. The recon-
struction laws of Congress were enacted over
the protest and veto of the then Executive,
and the armies of the nation in a time of
profound peace were marched into that deso-
lated and downtrodden country, and there
followed in their train myriads of carpet-
baggers and reckless adventurers, who were
invited to participate in the atrocities and
carnival of devastation and misery prepared
for and that awaited that poor poverty-stricken
and distracted people. And well they played
their part. They made a perfect Pandemon-
inm of the whole country; they disfranchised
and ostracised the noble chivalric Caucasian
and enfranchised the ignorant and uneducated
negro, and by that means the carpet bagger,
the negro, and scallawag were enabled to take
full and complete control of the State gov-
ernments and rule them as with a rod of
iron. Pillage, rapine, and the subversion of
the rights of the native white man was and
has been the order of the day ; and when
their sufferings had arrived to such an extent
that they could no longer be endured, they
lifted up their voices and cried aloud unto the
powers that be at Washington for aid. They
were derided and langhed to scorn.
Let us look somewhat further into the results
of the efforts of the reconstruction (?) rulers.
They have involved the whole South in an
enormous debt they never can pay, and have
collected from the people, by the imposition
of taxes and by other vile means, hundreds
of millions of money, and squandered it in
every conceivable form. The debts of the
southern States aggregate more than two hun-
dred and forty million dollars, and in addition
to which every conceivable fraud has been
practiced upon that people that the human
mind could conceive of. The indebtedness
of the ten southern States is as follows, a3
shown from the returns of each State:
Alabama.
Debt and liabilities July 1,1861  $5,939,754 87
Present indebtedness, actual and con-
tingent, Including railroad bonds.... 38,381,967 37
Increase under Radical rule  $32,442,312 50
Arkansas.
Debt and liabilities in full  $4,036,952 St
Present debt and liabilities, actual
and contingent, including railroad
and levee bonds  19,761,265 62
Increase under Radical rule  $15,724,312 75"
Florida.
Debt in 1860  $221,000 00
Present debt, including railroad
bonds, issued and authorized  15,763,447 54
Increase under Radical rule   $15,512,447 54
Georgia.
Debt and liabilities in 1860, about  $3,000,000 00
Present debt and liabilities, including
railroad bonds, issued and author-
ized, deducting $6,000,000 deemed
fraudulent  44,137,500 00
Increase under Radical rule  $41,137,500 00
Louisiana.
Debts and liabilities, January 1,1861, $10,099,074 34
Debts and liabilities, June 1,1871  41,194,473 91
Increase under Radical rule  $31,095,399 57
The excess of expenditures over receipts in
this State for the year 1871 amounted to
§9,335,733.
North Carolina.
Debts and liabilities, July, 1851  $9,699,500 11
Presents debts and liabilities  31,887,467 85
Increase under Radical rule  $25,187,967 85
South Carolina.
Debt in 1861, approximate   $4,000,000 00
Debt in 1871, including bonds to rail-
roads, and bonds in dispute as fraud-
ulent !  39,158,914 41
Increase under Radical rule  $35,158,914 47
Mississippi.
In 1860, no debt.
Debt incurred under Radical rule, January 1,
1870  $1,796,971 30
