2998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
of L. Spirliug and fifty-nine others, settlers on
Osage trust lands, for extension of time
of payment for lands; and the same was laid
on the table.
elbkidge gerity.
Mr. BURDETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2637) to compensate Elbridge Gerry for im-
portant services; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates from
the Treasury the sum of $13,200. to be paid
to Elbridge Gerry, in full compensation for
valuable services rendered the Government in
1864.
Mr. ADAMS. I opposed this bill in com-
mittee, and 1 am opposed to it now. I hope
before the House is called upon to pass it there
will be some explanation of it. And as it
makes an appropriation, I make the point of
order that it must receive its first considera-
tion in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, and the bill will be referred to tbe Com-
mittee of tbe Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BURDETT. [ move that the bill and
the accompanying report be printed.
Tbe motion to print was agreed to.
krastus s. joslyn
Mr. BURDETT also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with an amendment, the
bill (H. II. No. 1499) for the relief of Etastus
S. Joslyn, of Washington Territory.
The bill was read. It proposes to appro-
priate out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated $4 000, to pay Erastus
b. Joslyn for the use and occupancy of his
farm in Washington Territory as an Indian
reservation.
Air. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that this bill contains an appro-
priation, and must go to the Committee of the
" hole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BURDETT. There is an amendment
in the uature of a subslitute.
. I he SPEAKER. That does not obviate the
point of order.
Mr. BURDETI'. It will be found that the
substitute is so drawn, or was intended to be so
drawn, as not to make an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. That does not obviate the
point of order if it be insisted upon, because
the House might not agree to the substitute,
and the original bill would be before it.
Mr. BURDETT. Then let this bill also,
with the accompanying leport, be printed and
referred to the Committee of tbe Whole on the
Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That order will be made.
SUPBIIINTBNDBNT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. BURDETT also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendatiou
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1029) to
abolish the office of superintendent of Indian
afiairs, aud moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope that the House will
not sustain the recommendation of the com-
mittee m regard to this bill. It is a measure
which manifestly, I think, ought to pass; and
it there is enough time left to allow a discus-
Bion or the question 
,SPEAKER. The motion to lay the
bill on the table is not debatable.
• k^l'i ®,pRpBTT, The bill proposes to abol-
ish all the Indian superintendencies; and it
has been thought, by a majority at leas't of the
committee, that the time has not come for us
in this manner to change entirely the whole
structure of the machinery of our Indian sys-
tem. lhis is the reason the committee have
reported adversely.
Mr. ADAMS. If I can have time, and can
get the attention of the House, I think I can
demonstrate that this bill ought to be enacted
into a law. It proposes simply to abolish the
office of Indian superintendent, an office which
is now filled, 1 believe, by eight incumbents,
and costs the Government of the United States
annually the sum of $80,000. Now. I would
like the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bur-
dett,] or some other gentleman, to show  
Mr. BURDETT. I believe the question is
not debatable, and there is other business
which the committee wish to submit.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the
bill on the table is not debatable, and the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bitrdett] objects
to debate.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Burdett, that the bill be laid on the table,
it was agreed to.
james stevens.
Mr. SHANKS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 744) for the relief of James Stevens, and
moyed that the bill be laid on the table.
The motiun was agreed to.
removal of osage indians.
Mr. SHANKS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back adversely a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting an estimate of appropriations required
to pay certain expenses connected with the
removal of the Osage Indians, and moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
w. f and 0. m dl'isk.
Mr. SHARKS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back adversely a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, relating to
the account of William F. & G. M. Dyer, for
beef cattle furnished the Piute Indians in
Nevada during the winter of 1861-62, and
moved that the same be laid ou the table.
The motion was agreed to.
treasury investigation.
Mr. LYNCH. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Expenditures of the Treasury Depart-
ment to report a letter of the Secretary of tbe
Treasury, with accompanying papers, relating
to the examination of the administration of the
Treasury Department by a committee appointed
by him, and also the report of the Committee
on Expenditures of the Treasury Department
upon the same subject, with the testimony
taken by us, and to move that these various
documents be printed and recommitted.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 1S6) appointing
commissioners to inquire into depredations
on the frontiers of the State of Texas ;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 141) to amend
the resolution for the relief of James Keenan,
tate consul at Hong Kong, China, approved
February 18, 1867 ;
An act (H. II. No. 106) for the relief of
purchasers of lands sold for direct taxes in
the insurrectionary States;
An act (H. R. No. 112) for the relief of G.
•. Baker, of Maryville, Missouri, for the
reissue of a certain bond ;
An act (H. R No. 206) for the relief of
Creorge C. Hayme ;
An act (H. R. No. 286) to perpetuate testi-
mony in the courts of the United States;
An act (II.^ H. No. 501) authorizing the
appropriation for the employment of surfmen
at alternate life-saving stations on the New
™fLn°°?Stlf0r the fiscal. year ending June
oU, lo7J, to be expended in employing crews
at such stations, and for such periods, and at
such compensation, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem reasonable, not to exceed
forty dollars per month for each person em-
ployed ;
An act (S. No. 793) to amend an act ap-
proved February 28, 1871, amending an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled " An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes
An act (H. R. No. 859) to change the time
for holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the western district of
Wisconsin at La Crosse ;
An act (H. R. No. 864:) to extend the time
of payment for their lands by persons holding
preemptions on the public lands in the States
of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and
Territory of Dakota;
An act (H. R. No. 873) for the relief of
settlers on the Osage lands in the State of
Kansas;
An act H(. R. No. 1016) to promote the
development of the mining resources of the
United States ;
An act (H. R. No. 1149) to authorize the
commissioners of claims to appoint special
commissioners to take testimony, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1496) to carry out cer-
tain provisions of the Cherokee treaty of 1866,
aud for the relief of settlers on the Cherokee
lands in the State of Kansas ;
An act (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Harding ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1943) for the relief of
Robert Williams, jr., collector, third district
Ohio.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
committee on the tariffbili.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill.
Mr. KERR. I must object, and I object
for the purpose of getting to the regular order
of business.
speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a request of a personal nature to himself. Pri-
vate business renders it necessary he should be
absent from the city to-morrow and next day,
and it is not within the competency of the Chair
under the rules to appoint a Speaker pro tem-
pore beyond one adjournment . The rules limit
tbe Speaker in the appointment of a Speaker
pro tempore to one adjournment. If the House
will agree, however, that to-morrow at the close
of the session it will take a recess until a quar-
ter of an hour or ten minutes before eleven
o'clock, the time of meeting tbe next day, with-
out an adjournment, that will bring it under
the rule. The Chair would not be willing to
surrender the Saturday session, which so many
members desire to be held on account of the
pressure of business at this stage of the ses-
sion ; but if the House will agree to take a
recess until a quarter of an hour before eleven
o'clock a. m. of the next day, it will bring the
matter within the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House take a recess from to morrow until a
quarter of an hour before eleven of the next
day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair prefers not to
have the matter submitted to a majority vote,
but will ask for unanimous consent.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. 1 AFFE. Would that prevent the House
adjourning over Saturday if it so desired?
The SPEAKER. It would not prevent the
House having no session on Saturday. With
that the Chair has nothing to do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House unan-
imously consent to the Speaker appointing the
same Speaker pro tempore for to morrow and
for Saturday, what ia there io prevent it?
Tbe SPEAKER. The rule provides that
the Speaker shall have the right to name any
