S894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
obdkr of business.
Mr. HOWE. The question before the Sen-
ate is the tariff bill, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has yielded to allow the mere
routiue morning business to be finished, as
there was so much of it this morning.
Mr. HOWE. If that bill is before the Sen-
ate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to allow me to bringup alittle billforthe
benefit of the daughter of a revolutionary sol-
dier. It would have passed the Senate the other
day without a word had it not been for the ob-
jection of the Senator from Vermont near me,
■who now withdraws his objection. She is an
old woman seventy-three years of age. It is
a claim everybody believes to be right. It
requires but a vote, as it has been already
read. I am sure the Senator will allow me
to bring that up. The Clerk will please
it
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that bill passed the
Senate?
Mr. CAMERON. It has passed the House
and is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object. There
are about two hundred such cases.
' Mr. CAMERON. I think if the Senator
from Ohio would hear me for only a moment,
be would not object.
Mr. CliAGIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire is claiming the floor, the
Chair believes, for reports. The Chair will
Suggest to the Senator from Pennsylvania that
a private interview with the Senator from Ohio
would accomplish his object.
Mr. CRAGIN. I rose for a similiar pur-
pose to that of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. The Committee 011 Navai Affairs, to whom
was referred some days ago a House bill, have
reported it back, and I ask the Senator from
Ohio to allow the bill to pass. It is to correct
an error simply that occurred in the passage
of an act at the last Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. NYE. I rise to say that the Commit-
tee on Territories have three or four import-
ant bills, some of them pertaining to Utah. It
is very essential that they should be passed. I
want toknow il we cannot fix tomorrow even-
ing for territorial business partly. I have
spoken with my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] and I think we can both get through
in one evening. It is really important that
these bills should be passed, as the public
busiuess is suffering.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. POOL. 1 hope the Senator from Ohio
will allow mo to make a motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to yield until [ can ask the Senate to con-
sider Senate bill 780, which was laid on the
table on my motion a little while ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill was reported
from the Committee 011 Finance, and 1 know
il is right; but I cannot yield to it now.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 move that the second
Monday in December be appropriated to the
consideration of the French spoliation bill.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania ? ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is too far off. We
can do that when we meet next winter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I object. It
will be time enough when we meet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, upon which the Senator from Ohio is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to make
any remarks in opening the discussion on the
tariff bill; but I will ask that the formal read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with, and that we
proceed to act on the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance. I wish myself to follow
the rule I have sought to prescribe for other
Senators ; that is, to confine this debate to a
practical debate on the amendments and to
five-minute speeches. I will myself be gov-
erned by it, and to-morrow I hope the Senate
will adopt it for each member of the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
asks that the first full formal reading of the
bill be dispensed with, and that the amend-
ments be acted on in their order as the bill is
read. Is there objection to that proposition?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no agreement
as to the five-minutes rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. None at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that I will cooperate with
him if the rest of tbe Senate will in making
no speeches upon this bill. I shall be very
glad to aid him all I can; and I would rather
do it in that way than have him try to adopt
the rule he has proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. To-morrow I will try the
rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that if to-day he
finds he gets along with the bill as fast as
the public interest will justify its progressing,
he will feci that that is the most appropriate
way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, if Senators
will confine themselves to speeches of reason-
able length, whether they exceed five minutes
or not, I shall not make ojection ; but I know
they will not. They never have.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg permission at this
stage of this bill to offer House bill No. 374 as
an amendment to it, so that it may be pend-
ing to come in after the final section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina desires to move, in ac-
cordance with previous notice, what is known
as the labor commission bill as an amend-
ment, that it may remain pending to the bill.
If there is no objection, it is so ordered. It
is so ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will indulge me so far as to allow me to make
a motion to postpone the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can move
to postpone it or lay it on the table if he
chooses. I cannot prevent him.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand whether
I have the Senator's permission to make the
motion or not; but I will make it any way. I
will make it for the purpose of saying to him
that other men have their difficulties besides
himself, although of course no one has the
responsibility that rests upon his shoulders.
My only object in making this motion is to
try the sense of the Senate. By unanimous
consent I cannot get an hour, nor a minute,
assigned to the consideration of bills which
interest so large a constituency as I am made
conscious of the presence of every minute of
the day almost. Now, not being able to get
unanimous consent, I must see how many of
the Senators desire to have these matters con-
sidered. There is alargenumberof bills now on
your Calendar interesting not only to individu-
als, but interesting to alargennmberot'individ-
uals. The Senator from Ohio knows very well
that there will be no final adjournment without
the consideration of the bill which he now moves.
He says that this bill cannot be disposed of
between this hour and the hour already iixed
for final adjournment. Whypressit now? The
presence ot that bill and one other bill is your
guaranty, your security that you can have time
to complete the public business. While those
two bills are here together, it is very safe to
conclude that there will be no final adjourn-
ment. Those individuals who are interested
in the bills assigned to my charge and that <jf
the Committee on Claims cooperating with
me, do not feel that they have that security,
and it is because they feel so insecure that I
am urged constantly to move this bill, that
bill, and the other. I cannot appear here as
the representative of any one of these indi-
viduals. 1 must stand as the representative
of the class. I desire that the Senate will
fix a time when the whole may be attended
to, and, therefore, for the purpose of getting
the sense of the Senate upon that question, I
have submitted this motion to postpone the
further consideration of the pending bill.
MESSAGE FltOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following con-
current resolution ; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules be suspended during the remain-
ing days ol' the present session of Congress.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills', and they were thereupon sigued by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 259) for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet B. Pendleton, widow of George H.
Pendleton, late of the United States Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 329) for the relief of Charles
W. Whitney;
A bill (S. No. 746) granting a pension to
the widow of the late Admiral Farragut;
A bill (S. No. 812) to provide for furnishing
trusses to disabled soldiers ;
A bill ( S. No. 835) for the relief of Mrs.
Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr ;
A bill (S. No. 899) for the relief of the child-
ren of 0. H. Berryman, and others ;
A bill (S. No. 927) for the relief of the
children of Otway H. Berryinan, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 931) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river at Little Rock, Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 1027) to restore Lazarus L.
Reamey to the Navy of the United States as a
midshipman ;
A bill (S. No. 854) for the relief of certain
officers of the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 417) fixing the rank of pro-
fessors ol mathematics in the United States
Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 934) to provide for the com-
pletion of three volumes of Wilkes's United
States Exploring Expedition ;
A bill ( S. No. 376) to provide for a building
for the use of the post office, United States
circuit and district courts and internal revenue
offices, at Utica, New York.
A bill (S. No. 685) for the relief of B. C.
Pressley ;
A bill (S. No. 1086) to change the location
of the Railroad National Bank, of Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts, to the city of Boston, Massachu-
setts ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1672) granting to the
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
the right of way ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2428) granting a pension
to Samuel Shaffer, late a piivate in company
I, seventy-eighth regiment Pennsylvania infan-
try volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2433) granting a pension
to Priscilla Harrison; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2565) to provide for the
issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
bonds of the United States.
AMENDMENT TO APPKOPRIATION BILL
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2705) making appropriations lor sundry
