1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Treasury ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of certain
midshipmen of the United States Navy, pray-
ing that promotions of the class of midship-
men of the graduating date of 1870, as they
shall from time to time be made, be dated
back to a date coincident with the promotions
of Clayton Richman and Theodoric Porter;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of the
Globe Sewing-Machine Company, remonstrat-
ing against the extension of the letters-patent
granted to Allen B.Wilson, Novemberl2,1850;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota in favor of such
legislation as will restore so much of the mili-
tary reservation of Fort Ripley, Minnesota, as
is situated 011 the east side of the Mississippi
river to settlement and occupation under the
homestead and preemption laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of additional com-
pensation to Richard G. Murphy for the time he
served as Indian agent for the Sioux of Minne-
sota; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a me-
morial of citizens of Michigan, praying an
equalization of bounties; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of John J". Moore
and seventy-two others, citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, late soldiers of the Army of the United
States, praying for the passage of a bill equal-
izing the bounties of Union soldiers iu the late
war, and also for an act granting bounty lands
to the extent of one hundred and sixty acres to
each honorably discharged soldier and sailor
in the late war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of James
Doherty and twenty-seven others, late soldiers
of the United States, citizcns of Minnesota,
asking Congress to pass an act giving to all sol-
diers, sailors, and marines, and to the heirs
of those who are deceased, 38 33J per month
for the entire time served, deducting therefrom
all Government bounties heretofore received
by them; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of E. G.Butts,
Samuel Bloomer, and forty-nine otheis, late
soldiers of the United States, citizens of Min-
nesota, praying the pussage of an act giving
soldiers, tailors, and marines, and to the heirs
of those who are deceased, $8 83^ per month
forthe entire time served, deducting therefrom
all Government bounties heretofore received
by them; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
lollmgton, E. P. Perkins, and thirty-four
others, late soldiers of the United States, citi-
zens of Minnesota, asking Congress to pass
an act giving to soldiers, sailors, and marines,
and to the heirs of those who are deceased,
$8 33J per month for the entire time served,
deducting therefrom all Government bounties
heretofore received by them ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee ou Military Affairs.
He also^ presented the petition of 0. M.
Macham. Frederick Iltas, and forty-one others,
late soldiers of the United States, citizens of
Minnesota, asking Congress for the passage
of au act giving to "all soldiers, sailors, and
marines, and to the heirs of those who are
deceased, $8 33J per month for the entire
time served,^ deducting therefrom all Govern-
ment bounties heretofore received by them;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs,
He also presented the petition of George S.
Broomfield and others, late soldiers of the
United States, citizens of Minnesota, asking
Congress to pass an act giving to all soldiers,
sailors, and marines, and to the heirs of those
who are deceased, $8 33J per month for the
entire time served, deducting therefrom all
Government bounties heretofore received by
them; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of J. R. Fan-
cher, publisher of the Mantonville Express,
of Dodge county, Minnesota, asking that
newspapers printed on one side be made legal
mailable matter at the minimum rate fixed by
Congress on weekly newspapers and packages
to newsdealers, and that section one hundred
and sixty two of the codified postal laws, now
pending iu Congress, may be so amended that
persons known as regular publishers and deal-
ers in newspapers and periodicals may receive
by mail such quantities of either as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay the postage thereon, as re-
ceived, at the same rates pro rata as regular
subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces, who pay quarterly in advance ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented three memorials of citi-
zens of Minnesota, late soldiers and sailors
of the United States Army and Navy, praying
a modification of the homestead law of 20th
of May, 18G2, and the acts amendatory there-
of, so that the time which the soldier or sailor
served in the Army or Navy of the United
States during the war of the rebellion, after
two years' actual residence upon his home-
stead, may be deducted from the term of five
years' residence which the act now requires
before he can acquire title thereto; which were
ordered to lie 011 the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present
the petition of George B. Loring, of Massa-
chusetts; Ezra Cornell, of New York; A. S.
Welch, of Iowa; William W. Folwell, of Min-
nesota; J. B. Bowman, of Kentucky; J. M.
Gregory,_of Illinois; J. H. Twombly, of Wis-
consin; William S. Clark, of Massachusetts,
and r. C. Abbott, of Michigan, who compose a
committee appointed by a convention held in
Washington city, February 15, IB, and 17,
1872, under a call issued by the Commissioner
of Agriculture, praying that Congress donate
to the several States and Territories public
lands in the ratio of their population for the
purpose of establishing agricultural colleges,
f his subject has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, but as this
memorial comes from parties representing
agriculture, I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying the organization
of an additional district court, of the United
States in that State ; which was referred to the
Committee on tiie Judiciary.
Mr. NORWOOD. I present the memorial
of William Duncan and others, citizens of
Georgia, praying for the establishment of what
is known as "the Exchequer of the United
States of America;" and as this is a subject
of vast importance, I move that the memorial
be printed and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, asking that the
time be extended for selecting swamp and
overflowed lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
John C. McDonald, of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, praying indemnification for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801 ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of South Carolina, asking Congress* to'
remove the political disabilities of Thomas
Crymes, of Anderson county, South Carolina;
which was referred to the select, Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the passage of a law taxing dis-
tilleries according to their actual capacity, to
be ascertained by practical men; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of ninety-
five citizens of East Freedom township, Blair
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented three memorials of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States, praying for the passage
of an act granting a bounty of $8 33| a month
to all honorably discharged soldiers and sail-
ors for the entire time served, and for an amend-
ment to the twenty-fifth section of the act ap-
proved July 15, 1870, so as to permit soldiers
or sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settlement
and cultivation ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition very num-
erously signed by citizens of Iron Mountain,
in the State of Missouri, who petition that
such discriminating duties shall be" levied on
all imported manufactures as will render sub-
stantial protection to the labor of our hands.
I his petition is a long one, stating many rea-
sons why this should be done. I will not de-
tain the Senate by reading them, but will ask
to read the conclusion of their memorial.
They conclude their memorial in these terms:
"We have seen the printed petitions sent out by
the iree Trade League in favor of heavy duties on
tea and coffee, but for free trade on the manufac-
tures produced by the labor of England and other
foreign countries; but we think these petitions are
not entitled to much weight, as it is a notorious fact
that the league is operating for alien employes sus-
tamed' chiefly by British subscriptions, a feature
sufficient at least to suggest the inquiry whether
such mission work is carried on for the prosperity
arid gain of England, or for chanty and kindness to
the people ot the United States.
In conclusion, we refer to the fact that nineteen
twentieths of the voting population of the country
depend on labor for maintenance and happiness. W©
therefore claim all the mechanical and machinery
worn required to supply the demands of our coun-
trymen tor every desciiption of manufacture, as an
inalienable right of American citizenship, and this
right we shall insist upon at all hazards, and a brave,
intelligent, and free people will spring to their feet
in defense of their industries as they wouldin defense
of the nag should foreign foes invade our soil."
This subject having been reported upon by
<the_Committee on Finance, I move that the
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of
William W. Garland, a citizen of Augusta,
Woodruff county, Arkansas, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Cyrus McGlaslian, publisher of the Spectator,
of Noble county, Ohio, praying an amend-
ment to section one hundred and s'xty-t.wo
of the bill for the revision and consolidation
of the statutes relating to the Post Office
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKL1NG presented the memorial
of Joshua R. Sands, heir and co-heir of'Com-
fort and Joshua Sands, late of the city of
Brooklyn, New York, praying indemnification
tor spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801 j which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a memorial numerously
signed by citizens of Onondaga county, New
York, protesting against any arrangement by
which domestic industry shall be exposed to
foreign competition; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
