2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
entries op public lands.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
the, Public Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2193) to prohibit certain persons from entering
public lands; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that from and after the passage of this act it
shall not be lawful for any register or receiver
of the United States land offices, or any Uni-
ted States surveyor general, his wife or clerk,
to locate or purchase any tract of the public
lands of the United States, or to be directly or
indirectly interested therein, or to act directly
or indirectly as agent for the purchase and sale
of real estate, land warrants, or land scrip of
any kind ; or to act directly or indirectlyas
agents for the location of lands with scrip,
warrants, or cash, for any person or persons.
The second section provides that if any such
officer, his wife or clerk, shall at any time
violate the provisions of this act, such officer
or clerk shall be immediately dismissed from
office ; provided, however, that in case of such
parties holding preemption orhomestead claims
at the date of their appointment, it shall be
lawful for them to make proof and complete
their claims, as now provided for by law in
such cases.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homestead settlers in iowa.
Mr. DUNNELL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with amendments,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (II. II. No. 590) for the relief of certain
settlers on the public lands in Iowa under the
provisions of the homestead laws.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
bill, and read as follows:
Be it enacted foi the Senate and House of Rejyre-
ftentahvex of the United State* of America in Congress
assembled, That the homestead applications of the
following persons, made at the land office at Sioux
City, lew,i, to enter, under tile provisions of the
homestead laws, the following lands designated
herein by the number of entry, date, and name of
applicant, with description of lands, namely 
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the reading
of the bill be dispensed with from the point
which the Clerk has now reached down to the
end of line two hundred and fifty-one. There
are sixty-one entries, the reading of which
may be omitted.
The SPEAKER. T-he Chair hears no objec-
tion to that. .
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
at the point indicated, and read as follows :
Be, and the same are hereby, declared valid and
of as full force as if said applicsitions had been
made subsequent to July 6, A. D. 1870, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the homestead laws:
Provided, That tliis act shall not prejudice any ad-
verse claim to any of said lands existing at the
times said homestead applications were made.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to add to the proviso the follow-
ing:
And provided, further, That no question arising out
of any change or proposed change of any railroad
company 01 the limits of its land grant, shall be
considered as affected by the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNNELL. The other amendments
are merely formal, to correct descriptions in
the statement of the entries. I ask that they
bo concurred in.
The amendments were-agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I presume this bill is ail
right, but still I hope the gentleman will ex-
plain the necessity of its passage.
Mr. DUNNELL. There is a report accom-
panying the bill, but I can explain in a few
words the necessity for the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Perhaps the gentleman
will allow the report to be read.
Mr. DUNNELL. Very well; let the report
be read.
The report was read. It states that it ap-
pears from a letter of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to the register and
receiver at Sioux City. Iowa, October 4, 1871,
and from another letter of the Commissioner
to Hon. J. Orb, December 8, 1871, that the
lands mentioned in the bill were withdrawn
from private entry May 24, 1864, and increased
to $2 50 per acre to preemption and home-
stead settlers by reason of being within ten
miles of the proposed line of the McGregor
and Sioux City railroad. Upon a definite
location of the line of railroad these lands
were brought outside of the ten-mile limit,
and the officers were instructed, May 11, 1870,
that the same would be restoied to entry at
$1 2-5 per acre after their giving at least thirty
days1 notice.
The leport further states that these instruc-
tions were followed by a public notice given
by the land officers, May 80, 1870, fixing July
6, 1870, as the day on which the lands would
be restored to private entry at$l 25 per acre ;
that notwithstanding this notice, ar.d pending
the same, between May 30 and July 6, 1870,
the land officers at Sioux Cis.y permitted the
lands mentioned, in the bill to be entered by
sixty-one homestead settlers as under the
homestead laws, thus defeating to that extent
the object of the notice, and for this reason
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
held these entries to be invalid and subject to
cancellation; that from the uniform practice
of the land department it appears that such
entries have always been held to be illegal,
and that therefore no good legal title ever
vested in those homestead settlers.
The report further states that it appears
from the sworn testimony of J. C. Doling, L.
C. Bougbton, Edward C. Brown, J. H. Wright,
and Craig L. Wright, that the parties named
in the bill held preemptions on the several
pieces of land described in the bill, and that
they were advised by the land officer^ at Sioux
City, Iowa, when the land was advertised for
sale, to surrender their preemptions and take
homesteads thereon in lieu thereof, which ad-
vice the parties followed in good faitn, and
made said entries previous to the day of res-
toration : that they have gone on with their
improvements, having built houses and barns,
dug wells, broke up land, planted trees and
hedges, and done all those things that are
indications of a bona fide intention to settle
on such lands; that all this was done because
of a belief on the part of the settlers that
their action under the advice of the land offi-
cers was correct and proper.
The report further states that a year and
four days after the restoration to private entry,
namely, July 10, 1871, David E. Mixter,
Horatio II. Mason, and George M. Cleland,
through their attorneys, Chipman, Hosmer &
Co., made application for the same lands, and
desired to enter the same for cash, which
application was refused by the register and
receiver at Sioux City, and their action was
approved by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office; that the whole amount of land
under consideration is ninety-six hundred
acres.
The report further stales that from the be-
lief of the Committee on Public Lands that
the lauds in question were entered in good
faith by the settlers under the impression that
they were entering them properly, by the ad-
vie1: of the land officers, under the homestead
laws, and liom the fact that they have ever
since resided on them and improved them in
the spirit of those laws, there is strong equity
on the part of the settlers that ought to be
respected, especially as the whole tendency of
congressional legislation is in favor of home-
stead settlement, and against the accumulation
of large bodies of land in the hands of a few
men, whether settlers or speculators.
The report further states that to permit the
lands thus improved to be entered by three
men who had done no act toward homestead
settlement, and who, if they had been allowed
to perfect their title-*, could have extorted
unreasonable prices from the actual settlers
who had expended money and more than a
year's labor thereon, would be an act of injus-
tice that could not be perpetrated by an Amer-
ican Congress ; that although the entries of
these lands were not strictly legal, yet the
committee believe that no injustice will be
done to any one.by permitting the land officers
to consider the applications of the persons
named in the bill as having been made at the
proper time after the date of their restoration
to market, and that the said lands be subject
to the provisions and limitations of the home-
stead laws; and therefore the committee rec-
ommend the passage of the bill with an amend-
ment providing that, no land grant to any
railroad shall be considered as affected by the
passage of this bill.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was read the third time, and
Mr. DUNNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
move.d that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
town-site lands.
Mr. HAWLEY, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2194)
to amend the act in relation to town-site lands
of the United States, and for the relief of the
inhabitants of the cities or towns of Black
Hawk, Central City, and Georgetown, in the
Ten itory of Colorado, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The, hill, which was rtad, provides that the
provisions of the act of March 2, 1867, for the
relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns
upon the public lands, and other acts amend-
atory thereof, be extended to the towns or
cities of Black Hawk. Central City, and
Georgetown, in the Territory of Colorado, and
to all other towns or cifie-t upon the public
lands similarly situated ; but the entry in such
cases is to be held to embrace the surface only,
excluding therefrom all mines of quartz or
other rock in place bearing gold, silver, cin-
nabar, or copper. Parties having the possess-
ory right to quartz-mining claims within such
town settlements are not to be debarred from
prosecuting their respective claims to patents
therefor under existing mining laws of Con-
gress. Such patents for mines, however, are
to spec:ally exclude from the conveyance all
houses, buildings, structures, lots, blocks,
streets, alleys, or other municipal improve-
ments upon the surface not belonging to the
grantee named in such patent, and all rights
necessary or proper to the use, occupation,
and enjoyment of such surface rights.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a. third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and parsed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to rcconaider the vote
by which tho bill, was passed ; arid also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion v\*as agreed to.
settlers on opagb lands, kan3as.
Mr. STEY'ENSOjST, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back withameuu-
