1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
Mr. CONKLlNG. I present a petition
signed by a large number of dairymen in the
State of New York, setting forth the import-
ance of having pure salt for their purposes, and
for that reason among others remonstrating
against the removal of the duties upon foreign
salt, because, as they say, it will bring into the
market- a cheaper and less pure commodity of
that kind.
The VICE PEESIDENT. This petition
will lie on the table, as the Committee on
Finance have reported on that subject among
others.
Mr. POOL presented a resolution of the
North Carolina agricultural and industrial con-
vention, expressing satisfaction at the efforts
of Professor Maury to secure the establishment
of international cooperation in a general sys-
tematic plan of telegraphic meterological ob-
servations and crop reports in order to enable
the agriculturist to obtain the full benefit of his
labors; which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the
petition of John Webster, of Washington city,
praying payment for brick furnished tor con-
structing a fence around the congressional gar-
den; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was
Ordered, That the papers of Charles W eilebe taken
from the fifes of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee ou Foreign "Relations.
executive communication.
The VICE PEESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting the preliminary report
of Dr. E. C. Wines, appointed under a joint
resolution of Congress of the 7th of March,
1871, as commissioner of the United States to
the international congress on the prevention
and repression of crime, including penal and
reformatory treatment; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordei-ed
to be printed.
mary m. clark.
Mr.BOREMAN. .1 ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the Senate to call up Senate bill No.
230, and with the permission of the Senate I
will make a statement before the Chair asks
for objections to my request.
This bill passed both Houses at the last
session of the last Congress, and was lost in
transmission to the President, else it would
have been a law. It appropriates $1,202 to
Mrs. Clark, the widow of Leonard Clark. He
was employed by General Reynolds as a scout
in 1861, was captured, carried to Richmond,
and kept in prison for nearly two years. This
bill proposes to pay his widow the per diem
agreed upon between General Reynolds and
him for the time that he was in service. That
is the whole of the case. Mr. Clark was after-
ward appointed by me and commissioned as a
lieutenant in one of our regiments, and was
killed at Moorfield in a pretty hard-contested
fight. I tiust the Senate wiil pass the bill. I
have here the report of the committee in writing
containing the statement I have made.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No 230) for the relief of Mary M.
Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased. It
proposes to appropriate to Mary M. Clark,
widow of Leonard Clark, late of Harrison
county, West Virginia, deceased, $1,202, in
full payment for services rendered by Leonard
Clark as a scout in the employ of General J.
J. Reynolds, and for the period of his captivity
in the rebel prisons from July 30, 1861, until
his exchange, March 18, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 1342) supplementary to the act entitled
"An act to prevent the extermination of fur-
bearing animals in Alaska," reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 418) to authorize clerks of circuit and
district courts of the United States to appoint
deputies, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 31) to provide
stenographers for the circuit courts of the
United States, reported adversely thereon.
bills introduced.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
703) to release the title of the United States
to certain lands in Michigan City, Indiana;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 704) to provide for the removal of the
Flathead and other Indians from the Bitter
Root valley, in the Territory of Montana;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S.
No. 705) for the relief of John Cleghorn, late
register of the laud office at Sioux City,
Iowa; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLlNG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 706) to authorize the continuance of mail
steamship service between the United States
and Cuba; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I beg to say that I intro-
duce this bill by request, expressing now no
opinion as to its merits. I move its reference
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLlNG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill
(S. No. 707) to regulate the weighing of im-
ported merchandise for the ascertainment of
duty, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I introduce this bill also
for examination at this time, expressing no
opinion upon its merits. I move its reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 708) to pay clerks in the offices of the
adjutant general, quartermaster general, and
commissary general, at Salem, Oregon; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee ou Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 709) making an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a oustom-house and post office at Shreve-
port, Louisiana; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 710) to refund certain duties paid by the
Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Company;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
711) explanatory of joint resolution approved
July 11, 1870, entitled "Joint resolution
amendatory of joint resolution for the relief
of certain officers of the Army, approved July
26, 1866;" which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 712) to remove the legal disabilities of
persons incurred by reason of the late rebel-
lion, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 713) to authorize the Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company to extend a
railroad into and within the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
senatorial recommendations for ofi'ice.
Mr. CAMERON. I now ask the Senate to
take up the bill I reported several days ago
for the purpose of allowing some young Japan-
ese to be educated at West Point. I have not
called it up heretofore because of the absence
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thorman.]
He is in the Senate now, and I should be glad
to have the Senate take up the bill this morn-
ing and dispose of it.
Mr. CONKLlNG. Allow me to offer a
resolution first.
Mr. CAMERON. I will, if it is important;
but I think I may as well be allowed to call up
this bill.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A Senate resolu-
tion has priority, if the Senator from New
York insists upon it.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope he will not.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I do not mean to object
to the bill of my honorable friend, but I ask
him if he will allow me to offer this small
matter of morning business.
Mr. CAMERON. Of course, I give way
for that purpose.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I offer a resolution, to
which I think there will be no objection, and
if there be no objection I ask for its present
consideration:
Besolved, That the President be requested, if in
his judgment not incompatible with the public
interest, to inform the Senate of the number of rec-
ommendations for appointments to or removals from
office, so far as the same can be ascertained, made to
the present Administration by persons now Senators
from the States of New York, Missouri, Illinois, and
Nebraska respectively, giving such particulars as
may be given in regard to such recommendations,
and in regard to the persons whose appointment or
removal was proposed, together with a statement
of the number of eases in whieh action was taken
in accordance with such recommendations respect-
ively, and of the number of persons so respectively
appointed who have been removed; and also,
whether any Senators have solicited or asked ap-
pointments or removals in any sense other than
transmitting papers or stating the character and
qualifications either of applicants or of those who
vouchcd for applicants, and if so, what Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a call
for executive information. Is there objection
to its present consideration ?
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to offer an
amendment to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
will be in order if the resolution is not objected
to. If there is no objection, the resolution is
now before the Senate for present considera-
tion. There appears to be no objection, and
it is before the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to include South
Carolina.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I accept that amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought all the States
were included.
Mr. CONKLlNG. No, all the States are not
in, and for the simple reason that all the State3
have not been drawn in question, but more
especially because it will take a great while
and make a great demand ,upon the clerical
force, and if Senators will allow tlje States
named in the resolution to be inquired of,
