1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3895
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses i which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
suspension of joint rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
at once submit to the Senate the concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives,
suspending the sixteenth and seventeenth joint
rules during the remainder of this session,
which prohibit bills being sent from one House
to the other or to the President during the last
three days of thesession. This is one of those
days. If there is no objection it will be con-
curred in. It is concurred in.
order of business.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Howe, to postpone the consideration of the
tax and tariff bill, (H. 11. No. 2322.)
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say to the Senator from Wisconsin that the
tariff bill will unquestionably take two or three
days in the Senate. It must then go back to
the House and will take some time there, and
after being considered by both Houses a com-
mittee of conference ought not to have less
than two days to revise it. Therefore this bill
ought to be pressed through at the earliest
possible moment, even if Congress should
extend its time for a whole week beyond the
day of adjournment now fixed.
Mr. POMEROY. No one wishes to inter-
fere with the tariff bill during the day. If the
Senator from Ohio will occupy every day, no
one will object to it; we will stand by the
tariff bill, but without prejudice to that, we
can have evenings assigned for certain bills
which must be passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. We must occupy day and
evening. I trust Senators will not consume
lime on this matter.
Mr. COLE. I think the remaining appro-
priations bills will be ready for action as soon
as action is had on the tariff bill; and I shall
feel it my duty to press them immediately
after action on the tariff bill. I hope, how-
ever, the tariff bill will not take so long as is
anticipated by other Senators. I hope wo
may get through with it after devoting to it
to-day and part of to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. There is a general rail-
road bill which is pressing for action, and I
wish to state to the Senate in just one word
that i hope they will give me an opportunity
to have a hearing on this before we adjourn.
There are over one hundred special bills ask-
ing for the right of way and for incorporation
in the Territories pending in the two Houses.
Most of them are perfectly legitimate enter-
prises and the parties desire to put their own
money in and build them. It is out of the
question to consider these hundred bills. The
Committee on the Pacific Railroad have pre-
pared a general bill which will provide for all
the cases, which will relieve the difficulty and
allow anybody a chance to put his money in
and build a railroad in the Territories to do
so. We have prohibited the Territories from
incorporating such companies. Consequently
there is no way to build railroads there unless
Congress takes some action, it is very desira-
ble tbere should be a uniform and general bill
well guarded, and with the permission of the
Senator from Ohio legislation on the subject
will injure nobody and will enable these peo-
ple to go on and build railroads where they
choose. I do want, when any time is set apart,
a few nrinut.es for this very important subject,
but I shall not move it now. I simply call
attention to it and give notice that I am going
to insist on a hearing.
Mr. CORBETT. There is a very important
bill on the Calendar with regard to 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is this debate in order
on the tariff but?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin is to postpone the
consideration of the tariff bill so that he can
enter a motion to assign an evening for the
Committee on Claims. The motion to post-
pone is debatable. It is not a motion to lay
on the table, which has generally been made.
The Chair thinks, however, that debate in
regard to other bills is very latitudinary. The
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] has risen,
as the Senator from Nevada [Mr/nye] did, to
give notice of some bills of importance. The
Chair will state that there are twenty-three
pages of titles of bills on the Calendar that he
supposes are all subject to the same debate on
this motion, if anyone bill is.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is in order, as I have
the floor, I will move to lay on the table 
Mr. CORBETT. I believe I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor. He only
yielded with the right to resume it at any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to testtbesense
of the Senate, and save time, I move that the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin be laid
on the table.
Mr. COllBETT. I would simply like to
state 
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion
for a moment. I do not wish to be discour-
teous to the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. There is a very important
bill reported by the Committee on Commerce
for the purpose of encouraging ship-building
in this country, and that bill should be con-
sidered at a very early day. I wish we might
have an evening set apart for the consideration
of that and other bills for the encouragement
of commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. That subject is in the
tariff bill. I renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the motion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to postpone the consider-
ation of the tariff bill be laid on the table.
Mr. POME HOY. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Ohio
withdraw that motion for thirty seconds?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; for one minute.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to make one sugges-
tion in reply to the remark of the Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from Califor-
nia. I just want to notify those Senators who
are interested in the private bills on the Calen-
dar that they have notice now from those two
Senators that the moment the tariff bill is dis-
posed of the miscellaneous appropriation bill
will be moved, and every Senator here knows
that the moment those two bills are out of the
way of the Senate the Senate will be out of
Washington. If they are going to have their
claims considered, they must defeat this
motion to lay on the table, and get an evening
assigned now. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdrew the motion
for a minute for the Senator from Wisconsin,
and I will now withdraw it a moment for
myself. After the tariff bill passes this body,
it must go to the House for action by the
Committee of the Whole on the amendments
proposed by us. That will take time ; and
during that time there will be ample power
in the Senate to pass any bill it chooses. J
take it now that until we pass the tariff bill
no other business should be done, because it
is a heavy bill, an important bill, which will
take time in both Houses. If Senators will
just stick to it day and night, with only a
recess or adjournment until it has passed, and
if they will talk as little about it as I will
when compelled to do so, I am sure we shall
get through in a short time, and in that way
we shall expedite the public business.
Mr. CRAGrlN. I wish to ask the Senator
a question. Providing the tariff bill does not
pass the Senate until Wednesday, and we ad-
journ at noon on that day, what chance will
there be for the House to act on it?
Mr. SHERMAN. We propose to extend
thesession. The Committee on Finance re-
ported a resolution that can be taken up
to-morrow and sent to the House.
Mr. CRAG1N. Does the Senator propose
to ask the House of Representatives to extend
the session ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have already reported this morning a
resolution to that effect. It was objected to
by a single Senator aud had to go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not'have that
objection withdrawn and send that resolution
to the House? It is very manifest we cannot
adjourn the day after to morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must appeal
to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chand-
ler.] If he can get him to yield, I should
like very well to have the vote; but for the
present I insist on my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg permission
to say a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I withdraw
the motion for the present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have been
listening to the appeal made by the Senator
from YVisconsiu. There are two or three
things that ought to be done before the Senate
can think of adjourning. That business to
which the Senator from Wisconsin has pointed
is one of those things which ought to be done.
That includes another class of kindred busi-
ness. Claims which have been reported by
our standing committees touching personal
rights of the citizens of the United States
ought to be considered before we adjourn; but
in advance of that are such bills as are pre-
sented by the Committee on Finance, and
now 1 think it is economy for the Senate to
say that they will follow the chairman of the
Committee on Finance until the tariff bill is
.concluded. I do not think it results, how-
ever, that we necessarily follow the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations on the
miscellaneous bill to that extent.
Mr. COLE. Why not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Because that is
not a public concern in the sense that this
tariff bill is. When that bill is finished by the
Senate, it must go to the House, to be sure, if
we make amendments, as we are very likely
to do, but not to involve a protracted discus-
sion.
Now, I submit whether it is not better for
us to go on and finish the tariff with the under-
standing among ourselves, or the determina-
tion at any rate, that when that is done, when
that tariff bill is out of the way, we will divide
the time which is left, which 1 hope will be as
early as Wednesday, to the end of the session,
which will perhaps be on Monday, between the
Committee on Appropriations and the com-
mittees who have charge of these personal and
private bills which have been submitted to the
Senate, and which may commend themselves to
our judgment. It seems to me we should save
time by doing that.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to make one sug-
gestion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I want to state to my friend
from Maine that if the Senate orders that we
go on with the tariff bill I will adopt his sugges-
tion and follow the chairman of the Committee
on Finance to the end. I want the judgment
of the Senate. For that reason I ask lor the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. As we are merely con-
versing with a view to arrive at a result 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to the floor, and yields
to the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the attention of the
Senator from Ohio one moment. It does seem
to me that the request of the Senator from
Wisconsin, the chaiiman of the Committee on
Claims, is one of very great merit. I do not
see how the Senate, considering his position,
its responsibility, its burders, the labor it im-
upon him, can refuse to give him his
