1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
bama through its duly constituted authorities
to proceed with the further selection of the
swamp and overflowed lands, which, by the
act of September 28, 1850, were donated to
said State; and further, to authorize the said
State to claim from the United States, under
the forms already provided by law, the refund-
ing of the proceeds of all of said lands which
may have been sold since the date last men-
tioned, as well as the right to locate as much
of the same lands as may have, since the
same time, been entered under military and
other warrants. I move that this petition be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Walker, Evans & Cogswell, and others, sta-
tioners and printers of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, praying for the modification of the laws
in reference to the sale of stamped envelopes
by the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of J.
G. Fell, Edward Hoopes, and George Burn-
ham, trustees of the Walnut Grove Gold Min-
ing Company, of Arizona, praying remunera-
tion for property destroyed by Indian depreda-
tions; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of late sol-
diers of the Army of the United States, for
the passage of a law amending the twenty-fifth
section of the act of Congress approved July
15,1870, so as to permit the soldiers mentioned
in that section to enter the amount of land
therein allowed without the requirements of
settlement and cultivation, and receive a patent
therefor unconditionally ; which was referred
to the Comtnittee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Martin V. Jackson, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hold in my hand a com-
munication of W. T. Rambusch, a Scandinavian
scholar, who informs me that he has translated
the report of the Commissioner of Statistics into
the Norwegian language, and he states, what
we all know, that a large amount of our immi-
gration is from the Scandinavian States, and
he thinks that the dissemination of this docu-
ment in the Norwegian language would be use-
ful among that class of people, and he tenders
the use of his translation to the Government
free of charge. I move the reference of this
communication, which is in the nature of a peti-
tion, to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I present the
petition of P. Montmollin, sen., heirofMont-
mollin & Nottnugel, of Lexington, Kentucky,
praying satisfaction for spoliations committed
by the French on our commerce before the
year 1801. I ask that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
I trust the bill on that subject will pass. I
will make one remark in support of these
claims. They originated about seventy years
since ; they have been pressed at every session
of Congress, and been vetoed by Presidents of
the United States; and a bill for the same pur
• pose has repeatedly alternately been passed
by the two Houses of Congress. This claim,
in consequence of its antiquity, instead of
being weakened, in my judgment, is greatly
strengthened. There is no duty of a Govern-
ment more imperative or of a more sacred
character than that it should act justly towaid
its citizens. In postponing these claims _our
country has been guilty of the most flagitious
injustice to these claimants for about seventy
years, and I think it is time for this reproach
to be removed from the country by the pas-
sage of a bill to create a commission to adjust
these long-standing claims, and I hope such a
bill will soon pass.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. LOGAN presented papers m relation
to the claim of John B. Tucker for a pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of Lizzie
Gilmer, postmistress at Pittsfield, Illinois,
praying relief for the loss of postage stamps
through burglary; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of citi-
zens of Louisiana, praying the reestablishment
of the United States district court for the north-
ern district of that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That Z. E. Robbins, formerly register of
wills of the District of Columbia, have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, it was
Ordered, That Ann Gleason have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Sebastian
Reichert be withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of James
Cummings be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
matters in arkansas.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the joint
Committee upon the Condition of the late
Insurrectionary States to make a special
report which involves a question of privilege.
I ask to have the report itself, which is brief,
without the accompanying testimony, read;
and after the report is read I will ask consent
to make a brief statement relating to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania, from the joint Commit-
tee on the late Insurrectionary States submits
a report, which he states involves a question
of privilege, and desires that it be read with-
out the accompanying testimony. The report
will be read, if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
At a meeting of the joint select Committee to In-
quire into the Condition of the late Insurrectionary
States, so far as regards the execution of the laws and
the safety of the lives and property of the citizens of
the United States, convened at their room in the
Capitol, on the 22d of September, 1871, Messrs. Scott,
Pool,, and Blair were appointed asub-committee to
examine the witnesses then in attendance, which
sub-committee organized on the 23d of September,
1871, and examined Edward "Wheeler, of Arkansas.
On the 25th of September, 1871, said sub-committee
examined William G. "Whipple, of Arkansas.
The testimony of these witnesses tends to impeach
the official character and conduct of a member of
theXJnited States Senate from the State of Arkansas,
and also to aifeet tho right of a member of the House
of Representatives from that State to retain his seat
in the House. Other evidence of the same character
was offered, and ono of the gontlemen affected by this
testimony claimed the right to bring witnesses before
the committee to contradict or explain the same.
The committee, however, upon consideration, de-
cided that the subject-matter to which said testi-
mony related did net come within the limits of the
investigation they were directed to make, and there-
fore declined to prosecute the inquiry any further,
discharging a witness who had been subpenaed, and
was then awaiting an examination.
The joint select committee, pursuing what they
deemed to be the proper parliamentary course at a
meeting on December 21,1871, adopted the follow-
ing resolution:
" Jtesolved, That the committee report the testi-
mony taken before the committee, affecting Senator
Clayton and Mr. Edwards, a Representative from
Arkansas, to the Seuate and House of Representa-
tives, with a recommendation that each House take
such action as it may deem proper."
Agreeably to this resolution of said joint select
committee, the undersigned, the chairman on the
Eart of the Senate and the chairman on the part of the
Louse of Representatives, beg leave to submit the
testimony hereto annexed of Edward Wheeler and
W. G. Whipple, both of the State of Arkansas, said
Wheeler and Whipple having been the only wit-
nesses from that State who were examined bv the
committee, to the Senate and House of Represent-
atives respectively, for such action as each House
may deem advisable.
JOHN SCOTT,
Chairman on the part of the Senate.
LUKE P. POLAND,
Chairman on part of House of jRepresentatives.
Mr. SCOTT, The testimony directed to be
reported covers over thirty pages, and the Sen-
ate would not listen to that at this time; but it
is due to the Senator from Arkansas who sits
farthest from me, [Mr. Clayton,] and who is
implicated by this report, that I should make
a very brief statement of the reasons that have
induced the committee to make the report.
The witnesses who were called were called
primarily with reference to some judicial pro-
ceedings that were then pending in the State
of Arkansas. Their testimony revealed the fact
that indictments were pending in that State
against Senator Clayton which were not yet
tried. Since the time these witnesses were
examined before the committee, the indict-
ments have been dismissed in that court, not
upon a trial, teut upon a demurrer to the indict-
ments, the court holding that the offense charged
against Governor Clayton was not one pro-
vided for by the act of 1870, he not being within
the meaning of that act of Congress an officer
of the election in the State of Arkansas. Other
incidental testimony was elicited; but the point
which struck the committee as requiring them
to take the course which they did presented
briefly is this: it is charged that Senator Clay-
ton, as Governor of Arkansas, made a bargain
with the Democrats in that Legislature that he
would disregard the returns of the election
upon file with reference to the candidates for
Congress, Mr. Edwards and Judge Boles—
the number of the district I do not remem-
ber—and issue a certificate in favor of Mr.
Edwards, the returns showing Mr. Boles to be
elected, in consideration of the support of the
Democratic portion of that Legislature for the
office of United States Senator.
The one branch of the inquiry revealing the
fact that judicial proceedings were pending
which werenotvetdetermined, wedidnot con-
ceive that it was our duty to follow that investi-
gation as to the execution of the law, because
the result of the trial itself would show how
the law was executed in that particular case."
The other branch of the inquiry implicated a
member of the Seriate and also a member of
the House of Representatives. No disturb-
ances of the kind that this committee was
originally empowered to investigate, were al-
leged to have occurred in Arkansas for more
thau two years, and therefore the only ques-
tions that were brought before the commitiee
were these questions implicating a member of
the Senate and a member of the House, and
upon an examination of the parliamentary law
in such casts we concluded that it was our duty
to abandon the further investigation of those
questions, we not being empowered even to
make a report involving an opinion upon those
questions, but that it was due to the Senator
implicated as well as to the member of the
House that they should be entitled to an in-
vestigation if they demanded it. I have, ac-
cordingly, as chairman of the committee, given
notice to the Senator from Arkansas impli-
cated of the nature of this report, and that
the repoit would be made, so thathe mighthave
the opportunity when it came into the Senate
of demanding such action as he deems proper.
The committee considered that it was due
to the dignity of the Senate, as well as due to
the member of the Senate, that these charges
should be investigated, if true, they involve
the question of whether the member guilty ol
them deserves to remain among us ; if untrue,
it is due to him that such an investigation
should be had as will clear his skirts of the
charges.
Mr. CLAYTON. I suppose, under the rules,
this report will go over for one day.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it will, unless
by unanimous consent it is considered on this
day.
Mr. CLAYTON. As I am the Senator im-
plicated in this testimony, and as I do not
desire to lie under imputations one day longer
than can possibly be avoided, I ask of the
Senate unanimous consent to proceed to the
present consideration of the report.
