312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9|
The VfCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration at the
present time of the report made hy the joint
committee. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none, and the report is before the Senate,
and the Senator from Arkansas is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CLAYTON addressed the Senate. Hav-
ing spoken until one o'clock,
POLITICAL DISABILITIES
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment yesterday, being
the amnesty bill, is now before the Senate, the
pending question being on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to make a sug
gestion in regard to the order of the day.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the Senator from
Arkansas finish his speech.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to do that. I
have conferred with the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbuix,] and also with the Senator
from South Carolina, [,\Ir. Sawyer,] both of
whom are interested in the amnesty bill. There
are others who are interested also in the pend-
ing amendment. This is not a full Senate,
and I would therefore move that the amnesty
bill, with the pendmgamendment, be postponed
until Monday next at one o'clock, and be made
the special order for that day. That will leave
the Senator from Arkansas on the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts moves that the pending hill, being
the bill relieving from les;al and political dis-
abilities, with the amendment offered by him-
self, be postponed until Mo'iday next at one
o'clock, and made the special orler for tha*v
time. Of course it will be subject to the
unfinished business pending at the close this
week. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none, and it is so ordered. If there be no objec
tion the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will be ordered to be printed, as it is
not now in print, in the precise terms in which
he desires to present it.
No objection being made, tliM.Seua'e «i'liiow
resume the question of privilege, upon which the
Senator from Arkansas is entitle ! to the floor.
MATTJ3KS IS AliKA.W-AS
Mr. CLAYTON resumed the floor and con-
cluded his remarks, his entire speech being as
follows:
Mr. President, it is with great reluctance
that I feel called upon to crave the indulgence
of the Senate while I review, as briefly as pos-
sible, a portion of the testimony upon which
this report is based.
Upon the subject-matter of the report itself
I have nothing to say, except ihat it was my
desire, and I so expressed myself 10 i ic com-
mittee, that after having commenced an invest-
igation into the affairs of Arkansas it should
be continued until the whi.de field was thor-
oughly explored.
The honorable committee, however, after
having heard the ex parte, testimony ol two
witnesses summoned at tr.e instance ot the
honorable Senator from Missouri, who is a
member of that committee, [Mr. L!j.air, ] saw
proper to stop all further investigations, and
report to this honorable Senate for its action.
I am impressed with the belief that- the
course of the committee in thin respi ct is not
only in strict accordance wth parliamentary
usage, but is compatible with that rule of
courtesy which is extended to every member
of this body whose character ran y be assailed
in the course of an inquiry instituted ior an-
other and different purpose.
Mr. President, the two witnesses to whom I
have alluded, and who are the authors of this
testimony,now before the Senate, are Edward
Wheeler and William G. Whipple. The first
named was foreman of the hue United States
grand jury for the eastern district of Arkan-
sas ; which jury, if the testimony of Whipple
is to be believed, the honorable judge of the
United States court was constrained to pro-
nounce a " political machine." By this jury
1 had the honor of being indicted ; for when
political adversaries, failing in every other way
to overcome the object of their envy and mal-
ice, undertake to prostitute one of the courts
of the country for the purpose of persecuting,
and not prosecuting their rival; when the
cloud thus temporarily cast over that individ-
ual shall vanish, as vanish it surely will, not
only will the blackness of their nefarious de-
signs be exposed to the public gaze, but the
man thus harassed and vilified will receive
some additional consideration.
The other witness is the person who was
lately suspended by the President from the
office of United States district attorney, and
constituted a prominent part of this "polit-
ical machine," a kind of automaton who moved
the pieces upon the judicial chess-board at
the will of a certain invisible gentleman who
pulled the wires.
If any one will take the trouble to read the
testimony of these witnesses, he will soon dis-
cover, from the animus prevailing throughout,
that it is not of that impartial and unbiased
character upon which a person in public posi-
tion would be willing to rest his case. And 1
am quite sure, if the Senate will do me the
justice I think myself entitled to, this case will
not rest here.
Upon analyzing this testimony it will be
found to bear mainly upon three particular
subjects of inquiry : first, the execution of
the laws in the State of Arkansas during my
administration as Governor: second, the action
of the honorable judge of the United States
district court for the eastern district of Arkan-
sas in dismissing the grand jury, and in writing
a letter to me withdrawing certain assurances
which he had previously given ; third, the
action of his Excellency, the President, in
suspending from office William G\ Whipple
(one of the witnesses) and Robert F. Catter-
son, who was also summoned before the com-
mittee, but did net testify.
So far as my acts as Governor of the State
of Arkansas are concerned, I have this to
ssy: that they have always been open and
above-board, subject to the sciutinv of the
people of the State, and the_investigation of
their properly constituted tribunals. I have
never shrunk from that scrutiny, nor have
1 avoided any investigation; neither do I
now. The people of Arkansas, to whom I was
alone responsible as Governor, have twice
through their representatives given their un-
qualified approval of my official course bv
electing me to the highest position within their
gift, each time by a very large and flattering
majority, and the last time upon the very heels
of tin investigation in the shape of an impeach-
ment, whereby an opportunity was afforded my
political enemies to make good their charges.
To show how utterly they failed to substan-
tiate their charges. 1 send to the Cierk's desk
a c spy of the, report of the board of managers
appointed to prepare, and prosecute the articles
of impeachment, ami ask that it be read.
Che Chiet Clerk read as follows from pages
537 to <340 of the journal of the houoe of rep
re^entutives of Arkansas, session of 1871:
" Mr. Neal. by unanimous consent, submitted the
following report'of ttie managers appointed to pre-
ptuv and prosecute articles of impeachment against
Powell Clayton. Use Goteruorof the Slate; which
whs read, namely:
" Mr. Speaker: Tile committee appointed by this
honorable bouse as a board to prepare particular
articles of impeachment against his Lxr-eliency,
Powell Clayton. Governor of the State of Arkansas,
and to exhibit and make good the same. did. m obe-
dience to the order of this house, immediately pro-
ceed to the bar of the senate, ami did there give
notice that the> would, in iluo nine, exhibit PJitie-
ui.ir articles of impeachment against st.id rywell
Clayton, Governor of the Stat" of Ark!lrt«a_t-; and
the oounm'tee have made ei ery effnrt within t ueir
pnvcr to obtain information to'euuoie tuem to pit-
pare such articlesoi impe.ichuieni tu- tfleeoiisidet;.-
tion'ul' this hniife.
" The nommiuee addressed to the noiioruele uudru
of managers heretofore appointed by this house in
this behalf, a letter, and delivered the same to the
honorable chairman of said board the day it bears
date, a copy of which letter is hereto annexed, re-
spectfully requesting said board of managers to fur-
nish this committee with the testimony, the names
of all witnesses oil behalf of the State, in the case
of impeachment against his Excellency, Powell
Clayton, together with the residences of said wit-
nesses. and the committee have not as yet received
the desired information.
" The committee, as a board of managers, have used
their utmostdiligenee to Jearnsnehfacts as thecom-
mittee are of opinion must be learned in order to
exhibit particular articles of impeachment against
his Excellency the Governor, with a dignity becom-
ing this honorable house, and have carefuliysought
informationof parties who the committee had reason
to believe were in possession of or conversant with
the facts and evidence necessary to conduct the trial
of his impeachment successfully, and have failed in
their effort.
" The committee have also examined with care the
records of the office of the honorable, the secretary
of State, which hare a bearing on the issuing of State
bonds to the Jpssissippi, Ouachita, and Red River
Railroad Company, in connection with the acts of
the General Assembly of the State of Arkansas,
with reference to issuing State bonds to railroads,
and are of the opinion that there is not sufficient evi-
dence to convict his Excellency of misdemeanor in
office.
" The committee having made these unsuccessful
efforts to procure the necessary evidence or informa-
tion. have to report that they have f died to obtain
any facts as data that would warrant them in at-
tempting to prepare particular articles of impeach-
ment against his Excellency, Governor Powell
Clayton.
" When these grave questions were presented to
this house, some fifteen days ago, this house was as-
sured that there was ample testimony at hand to sus-
tain the charges therein set forth, which could be
obtained at any time, and would be furnished on
application, with a full and complete statement of
facts that could be proven on trial, which would
have enabled the committee to prepare particular
articles of impeachment upon such statements.
" The committee are now informed by some that
! there is certain evidence in the city of New York
and other places, that will sus' am the charges. From
others by whom we were ir formed of the abundance
and sufficiency of proof at hand, the committee can
get no information whatever. And such informa-
tion as the committee have been able to obtain is,
in the opinion of the committee, entirely inadequate
to sustain the charges against the Governor, and too
frivolous to attempt a further prosecution of this
case.
" And believing as we did. when we voted to im-
peach Governor Clayton, that it is not only the right
but the sworn duty of a representative of the people
to protect their rights by a thorough investigation
of the official acts of their servants, however high
the-position they occupy, we here take occasion to
say with the lights then before us, wc would do so
again.
"The committee entered upon the dischargeof the
duties imposed upon them with a full determina-
tion that, to the best of their ability, they would
vindicate the rights of the people; but while they
j arc ready and willing to vindicate the people's
J rights, they are unwilling to prosecute this ease
! further, when they have no grounds to believe that
they can, from any proof within the knowledge or
! reach of the committee, prosecute this case to a suc-
! cessiul termination.
| "In view of the facte above stated, and the further
; fact the people demand at our hands such relief as
! we are able to give by legislation, the committee
; would respectfully recommend the adoption of the
following resolution :
' "tftioh-ed. Til at further proceeding in the impeach-
1 ment of Powell Clayton be dispensed with, and that
the action of this house heretofore taken, be set
' a«ide and canceled: that the senate be informed of
the action of thishousein the premises, by the clerk
ot the house, and that the committee as the board
of managers be discharged.
C. B. SEAL,
CHARLES MIXOR,
JOSEPH A. MEEK."
Mr. CLAYTON. This report. Mr. President,
was adopted by a vote of 49 to lb, and a lew
days afterward 1 wascdecied by the same house
to the position v.hich 1 now occupy a hand-
some majority over ail competitors, antl not
by Democratic vces cither, not withstanding
Mr. Whipple testifies that 1 gave the certificate
of election to General Edwards in order to
secure the Democratic vute. Amongihe whole
number voting for me iu both houses there
was but one Democrat, and 1 can only account
for bis vote by the fact that he was a Jlethodist
preacher arid a conscientious man.
After such proceedings upon the part of
the lawfully constituted authority m the invest-
igation of my official action a  Governor, it
sterns ><>:rceiy necessary for me To occupy the
turn- of the Senate in reviewing that poition
p. tne testimony which relates to the charges
