3896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2T,
opportunity. Now, I would ask the Senator
from Ohio whether this evening or to-morrow
might not be set apart for the Committee on
Claims, with the understanding that nothing
else shall he proceeded with ; and let us go on
■with the tariff bill until five o'clock, and then
take our recess until half past seven, and let
the Senator from Wisconsin have the evening.
I merely make the suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the question.
It is manifest now that unless we put an end
to this d 'bate  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone is pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay it on the
table.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
withdrew that to allow the Senator from Maine
to speak; but the Chair now recognizes the
Senator from Ohio who moves to lay the mo-
tion to postpone on the table. The tariff bill
is before the Senate. The Senator from Wis-
consin moves to postpone it for the purpose
of assigning to-morrow evening for the consid-
eration of bills from I he Committee on Claims,
pending which the Senator from Ohio moves
that the motion to postpone be laid on the
table, upon which the Senatorfrom Wisconsin
demands the yeas and nays.
The y-as and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent to
speak. Is (here objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I want to say a word
myself. If we can all have the opportunity 1
do not object.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object to
debate on tne motion to lay on the table.
The VIOK PRESIDENT. The motion is
undebu'able under the rule.
Mr. C.VSSLiRLY. What is the motion?
The VICE PRES1DEN f. The Chair stated
at some length. It is to lay on the table the
mo'iou to postpone the further consideration
of the tariff biit in order to make a motion to
assign to-morrow evening for the consideration
of reports from the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. CASSEilLY. I so understood, but I
feared that other Senators did not.
The q'les'.iou being tiken by yeas and nays,
resulted—ye is 1W, nays 30; as lollows :
YEAS — Mevr*. A-nes B;ivard, Cusserly, Cole,
Conking, Crag'u, I'Ynton, Ferry ot' Connecticut,
forty ot .Uich.fj :r>, Frclnia: juv sen, Gilbert, Hum I in,
Ilitelic-x k. Jt)'ili.sfo, Lo^an,Morrill ot Maine, jMor-
nll oi VtMiiinnt,, Morton, N\e, O.iborn, Robertson,
Scott, Stieiinan. ISrowjrt, Stockton, Viokers, Win-
dow, and \V*t ttjh t~~8.
NAY.-j — J]es.-rs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cillwcit, Oiuioion, Chandler, Clayton,
Cooper, CM'bel t, i),u-r- ot Wc.^t Virginia, Flanagan,
Ctoldio^v.it;e, Sjov/t, Kollo^i,', Norwood, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pi ifr. It i wy. RaiiMiin, 8a,wycr, Spencer,
8icvohmjii. Son'-ier. Tnurman, Tipton. Tmmbuil,
Yv'e-t. ,1-nt Wes'oi—
AiitSUN i —j.i< ^i>. Authonv. Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, i>.iv 1.1 ot' i-'e; ttiekv, Edmund--, Hamilton of
Maryi.u.cl, 11 mutton ot Texas. Harlan. Hill, Kelly,
Lewis, l'atttrjon, ltice, Salisbury, Sehurz, and
Si'i .L^ue—l:.i.
So the moti"n was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question now is on the motion to postpoue the
lurther consideration of the turiff bill, so that
the Senator from Wisconsin may enter his
motion for an evening session for the Com-
mittee on Oiai'iis.
Mr. f ItUMiJULL. I voted against laying
that motion on the table because I desired to
say a word. I think some time should be
given to the consideration of other business
belore the Senate besides certain specific
measures that certain Senators bring forward
and eugi\>«i the whole tune with. There are
on the Calendar I presume twenty bills, not
of a private character, like those which the
Senator from Y. iscon<-i  has in charge, because
the committ.-e over wnich he presides confine
their busmeus oh efly to private bills, but of a
public churf ctc.r, reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary. Are not those bills to be
considered at all? I do not want the time
divided, as the Senator from Maine suggested,
between the private bills of the Senator from
Wisconsin and the tariff bill. There are other
public measures besides the tariff bill that
ought to be considered and disposed of, that
the public interests require action upon ; and
while I am anxious to have Congress adjourn,
I am willing to stay one week or two weeks
to do the business which is legitimately before
us and which ought to be transacted before
we adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Sena'or a single question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does he think
it would iacilitate the business of the session
to take up the tariff bill and consider it until
to-morrow at four or five o'clock, and then
postpone it for other business, rather than go
on and finish that measure, and then take up
these other measures that he says are of equal
importance?
Air. TRUMBULL. I think it will be best
when we take up the tariff bill to proceed
with it until we finish it. 1 think that is always
an economy of time. But what I rose to say
was that I do not want the time parceled out
to the Committee on Claims and the Commit-
tee on Finance, so that other business of the
Senate is to have the go-by. I agree with
what the Senator from Maine so well said, that
private individuals who have claims before the
Government, honest claims, who have been
here year after year pressing them untrl their
patience is worn out, and finally have satisfied
our committee that money is justly due them,
I think, when they have got this report, if
Congress adjourns without acting upon it, it
is treating them very uujustly. Although I
sometimes object to private bills, I never do
so when I suppose that the claim has been
thoroughly investigated and the committee
that has investigated it has come to the con-
clusion that something is dne the individual,
and there is no principle involved in it. I
think it just as wrong lor the Government to'
refuse to pay an honest debt as it is to appro-
priate money to pay a dishonest claim ; and
while I am not willing that the whole time
should be taken up by that committee, and
hope the Senate will not fix a time that shall
exclude other business, I am quite willing that
the Committee on Claims should have some
time, and I hope also some time will be given
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and other
committees.
Now. 1 will vote to allow the Senator from
Wisconsin to have some evening to call up the
measures from the Committee on Claims, but
in doing that 1 do not mean, in answer to the
inquiry of the Senator from Vermont, to say
that we should lay aside the tariff bill except
at night. Let the tariff bill be proceeded
with regularly during the day and every day
until we finish it.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend from
Wisconsin is always wise, usually right in his
recommendations. He usually prevails in his
motions, and this is the first tune I have ever
been surprised at a victory of his in the Sen-
ate; and I think had all Senators attended to
the effect of his motion to postpone, and then
the motion to lay on the table, it could hardly
be that he would have succeeded in keeping
his motion before the Senate.
It seems to me no one can doubt that im-
measurably the largest problem now before
the Senate is the tax and tariff bill. It is
upon that bill alone that we must rely to dis-
miss fifty millions of taxes. Who is the
member of this body, what party does he be-
long to, what interest does he speak for, who
has not in season at least piofessed to regard
as most urgent the duty and need of dismiss-
ing taxes? And yet when, with a resolution
hanging over our heads agreed to by both
Houses to terminate the session on Wednes-
day at twelve o'clock, we have this bill before
ns, the Senate finds itself again in one of these
sloughs discussing the order of business. If
we are going to consider the tariff bill at all,
everybody must see that economy of time re-
quires that we should go on and consider it at
once. Why ? First, because it is important
and complicated ; second, because it must go
back to the House ; and third, because it must
undergo a committee of conference.
Therefore, whether we are to adjourn on
Wednesday or on the 3d of June, there is not
one moment to be lost by those who are in
earnest in saying " Down with the taxes!" I
am in earnest about that, and I will vote
against considering private claims, bills from
the Judiciary Committee, appropriation bills,
or anything else until we consider this meas
ure, because although other bills may be con-
sidered and completely considered afterward,
I repeat not a day nor an hour is to be lost if
we want to revise and reduce the tariff and
dismiss the internal taxes most unnecessarily
and perniciously resting upon the people as I
believe.
Now, Mr. President, we ought not to parcel
out the time. Who can forecast what is to
happen? We do not know yet that the House
of Representatives, which, under circumstances
that 1 need not refer to, has surprised us by a
resolution fixing the day after to-morrow us
the day to adjourn, in the face of a request of
ours that they return that resolution, in Ihe
face of a resolution of its own saying in effect
that the 3d of June was the earliest day when
they could adjourn, in spite of this the House
has surprised us with this extraordinary prop-
osition to put an end to the session, and we
do not know that we shall be released from it.
Therefore, I submit that, as prudent men.
there is but one course for us to pursue, and
that is to go on at once and keep going as
many hours of the day as we can, selecting, in
the first instance, the most important meas-
ures ; and the most important measure before
the Senate, I repeat, is that measure in which
we must find an answer to our demand "down
with the taxes."
One other point, especially to the Senator
from California, and I have done. No appro-
priation bill will pass the Senate, unless I gel
new light upon it, if I can prevent it, whm'a
has not passed already, until we know some-
thing more than we know now about the action
of the House in reference to the adjournment :
in other words, by my consent this session will
not terminate prematurely, leaving undone
those bills in the charge of the Senate for
which we are responsible, and leaving con-
cluded substantially the legislation on the part
of the House. Therefore, I am in favor of
reserving the appropriation bills to the last,
and not allowing them to interfere either with
the tariff or with any other substantially im-
portant measure.
Now, Mr. President, I know that in occupy
ing a moment of the time of the Senate I am
guilty of an inconsistency, and I have refiained
from doing it heretofore since this debate be-
gan, and, begging pardon for the time I have
spent, I earnestly hope we may concur to waste
no more time in discussing the order of busi-
ness, but to press forward with the tariff b>ll,
get that to a conclusion, and then I will gladly
vote with my friend from Wisconsin, as I do
almost always, to take up any bills which he
is in favor ot taking up, and to give everybody
in charge of important bills the best oppor
tunity we can under the circumstances, and
by that time I hope one of the circumstances
will be an extension of the session,' for the
idea of the House compelling us to run away
leaving important business undone, is a thing
which I cannot think they will entertain ; and
I feel very sure that the majority of this body
will not suffer itself, until it bas exhausted all
parliamentary expedients, to be driven into a
corner in which we must adjourn, until we
have reduced taxes and passed other import-
ant bills which await our consideration.
Mr. CAMERON. I voted to lay this tariff
