2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
• Mi-. BUNNELL. I so understand.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not this repeal the
other?
Mr. BUNNELL. That has not been the
understanding of the committee, and it is not
my understanding.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I suggest this further
amendment, that the original act making this
grant, except as modified and amended by
this act, shall be and continue of full force and
effect.
Mr. BUNNELL. I accept that amendment.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third timo; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUNNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUIETING TITLE TO LANDS TN MISSOURI.
Mr. MeCOitMiOK, of Missouri, from the
Committee on the Public Lands, reported back
a bill (H. R. No. 845) to quiet the ti'le to cer-
tain lands hi the State of Missouii, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that by an act of the Congress of the Uni'ed
States, approved on the 28th day of Septem-
ber, 1850, the State of Missouri, with other
States, acquired title to all swamp and over-
flowed lands within their limits ; that the State
of Missouri, by an act of its General Assembly,
approved February 23, 1853, passed the title
thus acquired to the several counties in which
said lands were situated, for the purpose and
to the end that the same should be drained
and reclaimed as provided by said act ot Con-
gress ; and that after the donation as afore-
said, a commissioner was appointed charged
with the duty to select and locate such swamp
lands, who did make such selections and loca-
tions in said county of Scott, and Slate of Mis-
souri, making due report of the same, which
lepoitwas, by proper authority, approved, and
the lands so located patented by the Govern-
ment of the United States to the State of Mis-
souri, and on the 20th day of April, 1870, by
said Slate to said county of Scott; and said
commissioner, in his report, described other
lands situated in said county as unsurveyed
swamp lands, and that in the year 1800 said
lands were ordered to be surveyed by the Gen-
eral Government, which survey was approved
by the surveyor general of Missouri ou'the 2d
day of July, 1861, and that by act of Congress
approved March 12, 1860, said county was
given two years in which to present its claim
and make proof to its title to said lands, which
could not be done owing to the existence of
civil war then afflicting the people of said
county ; and said county believing turthertime
would be given to make said claim and proof,
did sell to actual settlers the greater portion
of said lands, which purchasers, relying on
said title, have made, m many instances, per-
manent and valuable improvements.
The bill then goes on to provide that the
lands above referred to be granted to the
county of Scott, in the State of Missouri,
which lands, in the aggregate, amount to four
thousand four hundred and ten and seventy
one hundredths acres, and described as fol-
lows: parts of sections one, two, three, eleven,
twelve, thirteen, twenty four, and twenty-five,
all in township number twenty-seven, range
twelve; pi-ovided, that nothing in this act
shall prejudice the rights of any homestead or
other entry made by any person whatsoever
under the laws of the United States on said
lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. There is
no report.
Jdr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri will explain the provisions of
the bill.
Mr. McCORMICK,_ of Missouri. I will
state, for the information of the House, that
the swamp land which this bill proposes to
grant to the county of Scott, in the State of
Missouri, was not surveyed at the time of the
general survey ot the swamp lands ot' that
State. It was finally, however, surveyed and
reported to the General Government as swamp
land-, and the county of Scott was given by
act of Congress two years in which to prove
i:s title to that land. The war was then in
progress, and during the continuance of the
war the time given by Congress expired. Sub-
sequently the county sold these lands to actual
settlers, the greater part of them for tifty
cents an acre. These settlers are now on
their lands, having no other right than that
acquired from the county of Scott.
The bill in effect carries out the provisions
of the homestead law. It secures to those
persons who are on those lands as actual set-
tlers their rights as acquired from the county,
and guards against the infringement of any
rights of any settler ou any of those lauds
which have not been sold by the county.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill may be
again reported.
The hill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the only effect of this
bill is to give four thousand acres of laud,
which may possibly bo swamp lauds, for the
purposes of education, I do not think it ought
to be a matter of objection. But I object, to
putting this on the ground of these lands
being swamp lands of the Sta'e of Missouri.
The State of Missouri, with other States,
between 1850 and I860, selected its swamp
lauds. At that time the swamp land de-
scribed in this bill was not selected. No gen-
tleman who represents a State where swamp
lands are located can fail to understand the
manner in which the arable lands of the
country have been sought to be appropriated
under the denomination of swamp lands. But
as 1 understand the gentleman from Missouri,
these lauds are to be granted to the comity of.
Scott for the purposes of education.
Mr. McCOiiMICK, of Missouri. No, sir.
The gentleman from Indiana is under, a mis-
apprehension. This land was reported as
swamp lauds, and was surveyed as swamp
lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why was it not patented?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Because
it was not surveyed at the time the patents
were issued. Owing to the extreme wetntss
of the lands at the time the general survey of
swamp lands was made these lands were not
then surveyed, and they were described by the
Commissioner in his report as unsurveyed
swamp lands. Subsequently, m 1860, a sur-
vey of these lands was ordered by the General
Government. That survey was made, and
then the county was given two years in which
to prove its title, which was not done in con-
sequence of the war.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, will the gentleman
inform me for what purpose is this land to be
appropriated?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. For the
purpose of draining. As 1 have stated, by act
of Congress of 1860, the right of the county of
'Scott, to its swamp lands was recognized by the
Government ot the United States, and the
county was given two years to prove its swamp
territory and establish its claims to these lands.
In consequence of the war, this could not be
done. The county court, however, relyingupon
the good faith of the Government, sold the
greater portion of the lauds to actual settlers.
Mr. SAIIGBNT. Will ihe gentleman state
how many settlers there are on these four thou-
sand a,cres?
Mr. McCORMICK:, of Missouri. I am
informed that there are seventeen or eighteen
families, but I cannot just now be certain as
to the precise number. There are also, I am
told, some settlers on the lands who have not
purchased from the county, and this bill
secures to them their homestead rights.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAWS RELATING TO THIS PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. B1TCHIK, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, with an amend-
ment, the bill (II. K. No. 16(7) to provide for
the more ellicient administration of the laws
relating to the public lands.
The bill was read. The first section of the
bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
appoint twospecialagents, who shall act under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, and shall each receive, in
addition to expenses necessarily incurred by
him and allowed and certified by the said Com-
missioner, as a compensation for his services,
such salary as the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office may deem just and reason-
able, not exceeding $2.o00 per annum. It
makes it, the duty of each special agent of
the General Land Office, under the direction
of the Commissioner, to see that all laws and
regulations relating to the public lands of the
United States are faithfully executed and com-
plied with ; to aid in the preventiou, detec-
tion. -and punishment of any frauds in rela-
tion thereto; to examine into the efficiency
and conduct, of registers and receivers of
district land offices, and surveyors general
their deputies and subordinates, and to in-
struct them in regard to the methods of
transacting the business pertaining to their
respective offices, and of keeping the records
of the same; to assist registers and receiv-
ers in preventing depredations upon the tim-
ber lands of the United States, and in pros-
ecuting trespassers thereon ; and for such
purposes he is given power to examine all
persons, books, papers, accounts, and prem-
ises, and to administer oaths, and to summon
any person to produce books and papers, or
to appear and testily under oath before him.
It is made the duty of each special agent of
the General Land Office as aforesaid to re-
port in writing to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office any neglect of duty,
incompetency, delinquency, or malfeasance in
office ou the part of any officer or employe
charged with the administiatton of the pub-
lic laud laws, of which he may obtain knjw!-
edge, with a statement, of a'l the facts in
each case, and auy evidcuce sustaining the
same. Whenever any person shall refuse to
comply with the terms of a summons issued
ill accordance with the provisions of this act,
he shall, upon conviction thereof before auy
district court of the United States, pay a fine
not exceeding in amount $1,000, and suffer
imprisonment for a term not to exceed six
mouths. The secondsec'ion provides that this
act shall take effect on the 1st duy of J.;lv,
1872, and appropriates the sum of SlO.OuO
to deli ay the expenses arising under the svnu
and accruing during the fiscal vear ending
June 30, 1873.
The amendment reported by the committee
was in lilies twenty-live, twenty fix, twenty-
seven, and twenty-eight, to strike out the
words "examine all per-ons, books, pap"rs,
accounts, and premises, and to admiiii,ier
oaths, and to summon any person to pro-
duce books and papers, or to appear and
testify under oath before him," and to insert in
heu thereof the following:
Summon andexamincunderoath all persons con-
nected with any suca oliieo, and all other potions
