1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
who may appear before him, and to examine all
records, books, and papers connected with such
oliice.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill who are to
execute process when parties are to be sum-
moned before the special commissioner? Who
are the oflicers to bring the witnesses before
that kind of court, and what is to be their
mileage and pay?
Mr. RITCHIE. There is no provision for
summons, for forcible summons. He is to
receive the voluntary complaints of those who
have these grievances against the Land Office.
Mr. TAFFE. I will ask the Clerk to read
that section again.
The section was again read.
Mr. TAFFE. Now, I submit that this is a
very large discretion, without limit as to the
number of witnesses, or as to the cost to the
Government, or wit.iiout any officer designated
to execute process, and with no power to detail
any officer for that purpose.
Mr. RITCHIE. Being an officer of the Gov-
ernment, and obliged to recognize the laws
controlling that Department, notification would
be sufficient to an officer to appear before one
charged with this inquiry. However, that is
a mere matter of detail, and we will be very
happy to accept any amendment that may
occur to the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill seems to confer
judicial powers. I suggest that it be reported
again. It is a very important matter.
Mr. RITCHIE. Allow me a word. This
bill has been requested by the land depart-
ment. There are depredations of great extent
upon the public lands reported in some States
to the amount of several hundred thousand
dollars per annum; and not only so,but some
district land officei'S are in collusion with
fraudulent preiimptors, who preempt for the
purpose merely of taking away the timber.
Mr. HOLMAN. The law requires the dis-
trict attorney to give this subject special atten-
tion in the prosecution of cases.
Mr. GAilFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that the bill contains an appro-
priation, and should go to the Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been con-
sidered for some time.
Mr. HAWLEY. I think it makes no appro-
priation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes it does,
in the last section. 1 move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HAWLEY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I hope that
will be done.
Mr. UITCII1E. I have no objection to it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest that it be
recommitted to llie Committee on the Public
Lauds.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to its being re-
comuuttid. I think it should go to the Com-
miltee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The. motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole can be made when
the bill is reported back.
Mr. HAW LEY. If the bill goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, when will it come up
again?
The SPEAKER. Whenever the House goes
into Committee of the Whole and reaches it on
the Calendar.
ill-. STEVENSON. Which will never be.
I hope it will be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
.Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this bill will go to
the Committer of tbo Whole, where it w«nld
bav^ at tirst had the point of order been
nsade i'.pon it. a-* it would have been made had
it uot, been understood that the bill would be
or.eu to di-cassion.
" '('he SPEAKER. If the bill shall be re-
committed to the Committee on the Public
Lands, when it shall be again reported it will
be subject to the same point of order a3 now.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
right to originate revenue bills.
Mr. DAWES. I send to the Clerk's desk
to be read two resolutions I now submit for
the consideration of this House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Jtcwlved, That the substitution by the Senate,
under the ft>rm of.an ainondmont, lor the bill of the
House (if. R. jSro. 1537) entitled "An act to repeal
existing duties oil tea and coffee," of a bill entitled
"An act to reduce pxihtina: taxes." containing a gen-
eral revision, reduction, and repeal of laws imposing
import duties and internal taxes, is in eonllict with
the true intent and purpose of that clause of t,ho
Constitution which requires th;'t " all bills for rais-
ing revenue shall originate m the House of Repre-
sentativesand that thcrUbre said substitute for
House bill No. 15:17 do lie upon the table.
And be it further resolved. That the Clerk of the
House bo, and is hereby, directed to notify tho Sen-
ate of tile passago of tho foregoing resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, a conflict be-
tween the two Houses of Congress is a matter
which should always be avoided if possible,
and never should be made upon matters that
are of trifling importance or of no moment.
I have not offered the resolution which has
been read at tho Clerk's desk without due
regard to the importance of the subject-matter
embraced in it, and with a desire, if there
was any practicable way, to avoid tho difficul-
ties which are suggested by it.
It may be proper that I should say that I do
not offer this resolution upon my own respon-
sibility alone, but by the advice and direction
of the Committee of Ways and Means. The
difference between the two Houses is upon a
matter of the gravest importance, involving,
as is set forth in this resolution, a disregard of
a provision of the Constitution which was in-
serted in that instrument alter very great
deliberation and with great, difficulty in adjust-
ing the balance of power between the great
and small States that entered into the Union.
In the other branch of Congress the States
are all equal, and, although in theory the Gov-
ernment rests solely upon the voice of the
people, the lew in a small State are there
equal to the many in the largest State. And
as that inequality is increasing from year to
year, we cannot fail to recognize the fact that
an uneasiness is begotten among the people
from observing the fact (and I refer to it with-
out meaning any disrespect to the other branch
of Congress to-day) of tho growing tendency
on the part of that body to gather to itself,
without recognizing the distinctions in the
formation and foundation of the two blanches
of Congress, all functions of the Government
of the United States—to do so indirectly if
not directly.
There have been on only two or three occa-
sions heretofore a direct issue between the^e
two bodies upon questions concerning the
origination of money bills, bills for the raising
of revenue. An issue was first distinctly made
by that great statesman, Mr. Clay, in offering
m the Senate a tariff bill. Al'hough that hill
was a bill for the reduction of the revenue, and
although the exciieinent and apparent neces-
sity for the introduction of it pressed upon tbo
minds of a large majority of both branches,
yet all tho power of that great statesman was
insufficient to enable him to establish a foot-
hold for the introduction into the Senate of a
bill affecting the revenue, although reducing
the revenue. And he cleaned iruui defeat
only iii' the iutroducl on of die same bill lit
f.iie Llou-e of llep''e;entatives, and its pa-.sage
through that body under a suspension of the
rules, and its appearance at. the door of ihc
Senate, and its intervention between him and
Ins discussion, and taking the place of his
bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
allow me to state a historical fact within my
own knowledge?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. After a dis-
cussion in the Senate, vJhich lasted to a very
late hour in the night, a disoussion which I
heard, but which was never reported to any
extent, Mr. Clay abandoned the ground he
had first taken as untenable, and transferred
his own bill to Mr. Letcher, his friend and
Representative in the House from the State
of Kentucky, because the ground he had first
taken in the Senate was not tenable.
Mr. DAWES. Through the kindness of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] I
have the remarks of Mr. Clay on that occa-
sion, from which 1 will read an extract. On
the 25tli of February, after a long and weary
discussion, extending far into the night, Mr.
Clay said:
" Inasmuch as it was represented that tlio House
of Representatives had juot now passed a bill simi-
lar, it not identical, in its provisions to the outs be-
fore the Senate, and it is believed it would to-mor-
row bo presented to the Senate to sanction, it would
obviate the reasons for a longer continuance of" a.
laborious day's session of this body, and also super-
sede tho objections of some Svmitors who believed
the Senate was not the proper place for the origin
of this Gill. lie therefore moved that the Senate
adjourn."
Daring the last Congress this matter came
up in another shape. The Senate undertook
to assert tho right on their part to originate
bills for the reduction or repeal of revenue,
under the claim that such a measure was not
a bill for raising revenue. The controversy
between the two Houses lasted for some time.
Lt took the form of a committee of conference,
it resulted in no good beyond the introduction
on the part of the committee of conference
appointed by the House of a very able paper,
the result of their conference, making it so
clear that even a bill for the redaction or re-
peal of revenue was, within the purview of the
Constitution, a bill to all intents and purposes
for raising revenue, thai, the House adopted,
without, i believe, a dissenting vote, the reso-
lution reported by that committee, which I
have before me.
The same proposition is now before the House
in a little diffeient form. The bill which now
comes back here from the Senate is a bill like
the other for the reduction and repeal of rev-
enues. It is a bill embracing a general revision,
not only of import duties, butof another eutire
and distinct field of taxation—that of internal
revenue—reducing and repealing largely in
that field also the revenue ol the Government.
There is, however, this d&fleretice: this is done
under thu form ol an amendment to u bill sent
to the other branch by us to repeal the duties
upon tea and coll'ce ; and the ao-vrtion ia now
made by the other branch that under the form
ot amendment to any bill that reaches them
upon tiie subject of revenue, jurisdiction is
given to that body to legislate to any extent in
originating new objects of revenue, modifying
the modes of coUceruig revenue, reducing the
revenue upon such objects an they please, or
entirely repealing 011 the one hand the duties
imposed upon foreign goods, or 011 the other
the taxes levied for purposes of internal leve-
nuo. That provision of the Constitution which
guaranties to the people's .Representatives the
right to originate all bills ot this character
seems, if the view of the Senate is correct, lo
be entirely nugatory. There is no value in the
provision to the people's Repiesentatives on
this floor, if, under the form or an amendment,
the Senate has entire jurisdiction of the sub-
ject, and can substitute any bill touching the
revenue in fcuy lot'in thai they pleaho. 1 do
not propose, Mr, to argue ihat (juc.->uon, but
simply to slate it.
The provision of the Constitution on ihe
subject is as follows:
"All bills for rm>ing revenue shall oiigino,te in
the iiouac of Kcj>resontativo^; but tho Senate may
