1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
318
thus disposed of. I shall therefore pass on
to the consideration of that portion of the
testimony which relates to the issuing of the
certificate ^of election to John Edwards as
member of Congress from the third district
of Arkansas.
The testimony of both witnesses seems to
indicate that ihe certificate was illegally and
fraudulently issued by myself, for the purpose
of gaining Democratic votes for the United
States Senate. On page 62 of the printed
testimony, in answer to the question, " What
was the reason assigned for Clayton acting as
he did?" Wheeler replied, " It was generally
regarded that he expected, by supporting Ed-
wards, to gain some Democratic votes iu the
Legislature for United States Senator. " And
in answer to the question, " That it was for his
own interest, and to secure his own election as
Senator," he replies, "It was so undei^tood;
yes, sir?" On page 70, the following testimony
was given by Whipple:
m "By Mr. Blair:
" Question. W Lat was tho motive of the Governor
in givinc this certificate to a man who was not
elected?
" AiLHWr. Of course it is very hard to tell what his
motive was. It is generally understood that it was
done jo pursuance of a trade.
" Question. Of a trade?
" Answer. Yes, sir, that is the general understand-
ing.
Question. What was that trade ?
" Answer. That tho Democratic members of the
Legislature should support him for theSenate of the
United States.
" Question. Bid they do it?
" Answer. Yes, sir, they did.
" Question. And the Governor carried out his part
of the bargain?
" Answer. Yes, sir, it seems very plain that he did
that."
On page 76, when cross-examined by the
chairman of the committee, Mr. Whipple testi-
fies as follows;
" Question. Who is understood to head the 'brin-
dle-tails,' as you call them?
" Answer. I think Mr. Brooks is understood to be
tho leader of the ' brindle-tails.'
" Question. There was a majority of Republicans
in the Legislature that elected Governor Clayton to
tbe United States Senate?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. And when these two divisions came
into conflict in regard to electing a United States
Senator, you say the Clayton men entered into a cor-
rupt combination with the Democrats, by which the
Democrats agreed to vote for Governor Clayton for
the Senate of tho United States, in consideration of
Governor Clayi'ON giving a certificate of election to
the Democratic candidate for Congress in the third
congressional district of the State?
" Answer. That is believed by many persons.
"Question. You have already stated that here as
the general belief in the State?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" QuesHon. Is that your belief?
" Answer. Well, it is my belief that Clayton made
some trade with tho Democrats. Precisely what
were the terms of the trade I would not undertake
to say.
"Question. You have already put it in that form
in your testimony. I want to understand if that is
your belief.
" Answer. I do not think I put it in exactly that
form.
" Question. You stated that to be the general
belief.
" Answer. I think it is the general belief.
" Question. Do you include yourself among those
who entertain that belief?
"Answer. Well, I have reason to believe it, and I
know of no reason why it is not true."
On page 77 he testifies as follows:
" Question. Believing that this corrupt combina-
tion existed, as you have stated, why did you not
also prepare indictments against the corrupt mem-
bers of tbe Legislature for aiding and procuring
Governor Clayton to issue that certificate ?
"Answer. Because no basis of facts was furnished
me. I have merely stated my belief. I do not
undertake to state the facts."
Mr. President, I have failed to discover iu
any portion of this testimony any statement of
facts upon which the witnesses base their opin-
ion that the certificate was issued in pursuance
of a trade between myself and certain unknown
Democrats. Whipple at first intimates very
strongly that a trade did exist in relation to
this certificate. Afterward he says that lie
believes some trade was made, the precise
terms of which he will not undertake to state.
And still further on he acknowledges that he
has no facts whatever upon which, to base his
opinion. Upon page 77, when asked upon
what grounds I based the issuance of the cer-
tificate, he answers, "I have never been able
to learn." Now,^ since it seems he cannot
answer that question, I propose to answer it
for him; and I believe, before I get through, I
shall do it to the satisfaction of this Senate,
and of all others who are not utterly blinded
by prejudice.
The grounds upon which I justify the issu-
ance of the certificate are simply these: after
the election referred to, at which members of
the Legislature were chosen, information came
to me from the very highest sources in the
State, being no less than from the supreme
court and the legislative department of the
government, which satisfied me that what
purported to be returns in the office of the sec-
retary of State for eight precincts iu the county
of Pulaski were the returns of illegal and bogus
elections, and were consequently no returns at
all in the legal acceptation of the term.
In three of the precincts alluded to, two sets
of polls were held, one under the control of
the judges and clerks of election appointed,
not by the Governor, as Whipple testifies on
page 87, but by the board of registration, as
the law requires. The other was held by un-
authorized persons claiming to act under the
authority of the sheriff of the county and of
the United States marshal. Manifestly, both
polls could not have been legal, since the law
only authorizes one set of polls in each pre-
cinct.
The county clerk, who, it appears, was a
party to this transaction, certified to the sec-
retary of State the returns of the unauthor-
ized judges, and declined to certify the returns
of the regular judges.
Upona writof mandartmsthc case was heaid
by the supreme court, and a decision rendered,
with the concurrence of the full bench, that
the elections held by the judges appointed by
the board of registration were the legal elec-
tions, and that the others were illegal and void,
and the county clerk was compelled to certify
the returns accordingly. So you see we had
in the office of secretary of State what pur-
ported to be two sets of returns for the three
precincts alluded to ; and yet, according to
Whipple's testimony upon page 82, I had no
alternative but to count both sets of returns,
iu canvassing the vote, no matter how fraudu-
lent aud void they might be, since they both
appeared fair upon their face; and, 1 suppose,
according to the learned Whipple, if, in the
exercise of what I conceived to be not only a
wise discretion, but my sworn duty, I saw fit
to discard the returns of the election declared
illegal and void, then it became his duty to
have me indicted, although it seems his con-
science never suggested to him the propriety
of procuring indictments against his bnndla-
tail friends who set up these bogus polls, thus
defrauding many ignorant voters out, of their
ballots. He says in his testimony on page 84
that " it is a question of law whether the oper-
ations of the brindle-tails were in conformity
to law," notwithstanding the supreme court
of the State had decided that their operations
were unlawful. And again he says :
" I believe whatever they did was done for the pur-
pose of protecting themselves against frauds, which
they feared."
Having arrived at this sage conclusion, and j
believing, as he says, that, the brindle-tails I
were right iu the main, I suppose he did not j
deem it advisable to put a brindle-tail grist |
into the mill while it was -.0 important that it |
should be used exclusively in grinding out |
indictments against the rascally '•minstrels." i
Mr. President, so much for the double polls ;
and the action of the supreme court thereon.
I desiie now to call the attention of the Senate i,
to the action of the legislative department, jj
which also furnishes a portion of the grounds 'j
upon which I based my action in issuing the ij
certificate. ! ■
A short time after the Legislature assemble i, m
the following joint resolution was passed by
both houses of the General Assembly, and a
committee of investigation appointed accord-
ingly. I send to the Clerk's desk a copy of the
journal of the senate of the State of Arkansas,
and ask to have read the resolutions referred
to. ^ It will be found on page 53.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
journal of the Arkansas senate, session of
1871, page 53:
"Whereas itisalleged that violent and insurrec-
tionary proceedings were had in the county of Pu-
laski, on the 8th day of November last, whereby
the public peace was jeopardized and the authority
of certain officers of the law set at defiance: There-
fore,
" Be it resolved by the Senate of the State of Arkan-
sas, That a special committee of three be appointed
by the president, to investigate and report the facts
connected with such alleged proceeding; and for that
purpose that such committee be empowered to take
testimony, and to send for persons and papers, and
request joint action with the committee already
appointed by the house."
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, these
alleged outrages were committed in Pulaski
county, where the capital oftheState is located;
and the legislative investigation was had upon
the very spot where the alleged illegal pro-
ceedings took place, and within the short
period of about two months after their occur-
rence. So you see the facilities for arriving
at the facts were favorable. Upon page 142
of the senate journal, and page 759 of the
house journal, maybe found the report of this
committee, which was adopted by a very large
and overwhelming majority in both houses.
Prom this report it will be seen that James L.
Hodges, one of the leaders of that faction with
which the witnesses, Wheeler and Whipple,
are identified, undertook to bribe the registrar
prior to the election to issue two thousand
fraudulent, certificates of registration, and allow
him (Hodges) to name the judges of election.
Failing in this, it appears that a conspiracy
was formed by members of this faction to pre-
vent the lawful judges aud clerks from hold-
ing the election, and for the purpose of setting
uj> illegal and bogus polls under the control
ot persons previously selected by them from
their particular faction ; thar, this conspiracy
was carried into execution in five precincts
of the county by the conspirators taking pos-
session of the voting places in advance of
the election with men and arms; by opening
their bogus elections before the hour fixed by
law, and by intimidating and otherwise pre-
venting the regular judges from holding the
election when the lawful hour arrived. In
several of the precincts the vote thus polled
exceeded largely the actual registered voters,
which may explain why Hodges "wanted the
two thousand bogus certificates of registra-
tion.
The report also shows that in the five pre-
cincts before alluded to, failing to prevent
the lawful judges from holding the election,
they set up separate and double polls; and
that in other precincts they attempted to carry
out their conspiracy, but failed entirely by
reasou of the vigilance and determination of
the legal officers.
The report also shows that United States
Marshal Catt.erson and his deputies took a
prominent part in these fraudulent and out-
rageous proceedings. Indeed, so flagrant and
high handed were their acts, that the commit-
tee, as will hereafter be seen, recommended
to the Legislature the propriety of separating
the election of State and county officers from
the election of members of Congress, which
recommendation was afterwards adopted by
the Legislature and enacted into a law, for no
other reason whatever but to prevent in the
future similar interference in the local affairs
of the State by United States officials. And,
Mr. President, this United States marshal, who
by himself and through his deputies, under the
pretended authority of the enforcement act,
trampled upon the laws of the State of Arkan-
sas, and attempted by fraud aud violence to
defeat the will of the people of that State in
