1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3001
' of the Committee of Ways and Means. It is
composed of nine members, six Republicans
and three Democrats. For five months this
; committee has been patiently and faithfully at
: work hearing the representatives of all sec-
tions and interests, and bringing to the dis-
• charge of its duties great practical knowledge
and a sincere desire to relieve the burdens and
promote the welfare of the people ; and yet
what is the result ? The chairman of the com-
mittee reports to the House a bill, with the
statement that he himself does notapprove it;
two of his colleagues report another bill of
widely different provisions; while the Demo-
cratic members of the committee stand off with
swords drawn to cut both bills into fragments,
and unable themselves to agree upon a substi-
tute. Now. when doctors differ, who shall
decide ? When a committee of nine members
can be satisfied with scarcely less than nine
different bills, what can we expect of this
House, composed of two hundred and forty-
three members? This wide divergence of
views should admonish us of the grave im-
portance of the subject we are called upon to
consider, and the danger of deranging the
business of the country and paralyzing its in-
dustries by our action. Each step should be
cautiously taken, and the path of advancement
should be traveled in the light of the nation's
experience.
THE QUESTION NOT POLITICAL.
There has been more demagogism on the
question of the tariff than upon any other
subject of national legislation. Local inter-
ests and prejudices have been appealed to, and
party triumphs have thereby been achieved,
when to every reflecting mind the question,
from its very nature, cannot be a political
one. If members of one political party only
were engaged in mining or manufactures or
agriculture or commerce, or if that section of
the country where these various operations are
carried on was exclusively inhabited by those
who adopt the same political faitli, then there
might be sense and justice in the attempt,
otten made, to construct a party creed out of
a purely economic question. But if free trade
be sound in principle, then it is as good for
Republicans as for Democrats; and if protec-
tion be ior the interest of the country, Demo-
crats are as much benefited by it as Repub-
licans. There is clearly no party division in
the d iscussion of the question in this House.
Local and geographical interests alone seem
to be consulted. ISTew England wants free
coal and protected manufactured goods ; the
West pleads for free iron, while she does not
object to a duty upon v/ool. Michigan and
Wisconsin demand atariff upon lumber, while
Kentucky whispers, " Save my hemp." Thus
we are met by diversified interests, each seek-
ing in the general struggle to prolong and
strengthen its own life.
ODE DUTY.
With this condition of things before us, what
)S our duty? We are citizens of a common
country, to whose prosperity we are devoted,
and whose advancing greatness is the marvel
of the age and the wonder of the world. The
music ot our rivers invites the capital of the
manufacturer; the wealth of our soil rewards
with golden harvest the labor of the husband-
man ; and the rich ores beneath our hills yield
tueir treasures to the enterprise and toil of the
miner. It cannot be the part of national wis-
dom to develop but one of these sources of
growth and neglect the others. And if it was,
which one should we select, and who is au-
thoiized to make the choice? It will not do
to say, let each take care of itself, for the
expenses of the Government must be paid,
and revenue must be raised to pay them; and
it can b« raised in but one of two ways: by
taxes upon home labor and capital, or by
daliesupon foreign labor and capital.
During a,1(j since the war our revenues have
been raised from both these sources; but free-
trader and protectionist alike agree that the
internal revenue system is justly odious to our
people, and should be wholly repealed at the
earliest day possible. The public mind has
wisely settled this point, and all classes agree,
and always have agreed, that it is best to
detray the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment by revenue raised by duties upon imports.
But here the trouble begins. Upon what arti-
cles and at what rate shall they be laid ? Upon
what basis—according to the value or the
quantity of the article? Here the wise and the
unwise differ. All seek the same object—the
good of the people and the prosperity of the
country ; but differences of opinion, originating
largely in the diversity ot local interests as to
the best means of accomplishing this object,
confront and often confuse those who are hon-
estly seeking to knowtheirduty, that they may
fearlessly and faithfully do it. The fluctua-
tions of trade, the condition of the various
markets ot the world, and many other consid-
erations materially affect the question and
multiply the complications which always sur-
round it.
. THE PRIMARY OBJECT OF A TARIFF.
The primary object of a tariff is to obtain
revenue. The national Constitution, in sec-
tion eight, provides that—
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States."
Here the authority is expressly given, and the
purpose for which it is given is expressly de-
fined. But it is not declared that duties must
be imposed upon those articles that yield the
most revenue, nor upon any specific number
or class of articles. The power to raise rev-
enue to pay our debts and to provide for the
general welfare is vested in Congress, but the
manner in which that power shall be exercised
is left to its discretion and wisdom, with this
limitation, that "all duties, imposts, and ex-
cises, shall be uniform throughout the United
States." Keeping in view, then, the consti-
tutional provision, and the object of the power
given, we come to the question of its
PROPER EXERCISE.
Shall revenue be raised-by duties upon those
things which we raise and manufacture in this
country, or upon those which we import from
foreign countries? In one case it is urged
that our people should be permitted to buy
where they can buy cheapest, this position as-
suming, what should not be assumed, that a
tariff necessarily and always increases the
price. On the other hand, the irue policy is
alleged to be to levy the duties upon such
articles as can be largely produced here, for
the purpose of developing our resources, of
giving employment to laoor, and of creating
such competition as will in the end reduce the
price. These are the two positions taken, and
in defense of them innumerable theories have
been advanced, and tables and figures that 110
mathematician can compute. It is not my
purpose to discuss abstractions; theories un-
supported by practical results ure worthless.
We may build houses of glass and have struc-
tures beautiful to the eye, but they will be
useless for the practical purposes of life. It
is said that figures cannot lie ; but they can be
so used and arranged as to mislead the judg-
ment and produce apparent results which the
repeated experience of the country has proved
to be false.
TAXES MUST BE REDUCED.
The people demand, and they have reason
to demand, a reduction of the taxes by which
they have been so long burdened. Under the
present rates the revenues of the country are
more than its expenses, leaving a balance to
be applied to the payment of the principal of
the national debt much larger than should be
annually paid by this generation. Both the
bills reported to the House provide for a re-
duction, differing, however, in the extent of
the reduction, and also as to the articles upon
which it should be made. While protection is
fiercely denounced m one quarter, absolute
free trade, as a practical measure, is not de-
manded by anybody. The expenses of the
Government must be borne by the imposition
ot duties upon imports, and in my judgment
these duties should be so levied that, while
raising sufficient revenue, they will protect
American labor and develop American re-
sources. Articles of daily and universal use
in this country which we neither grow nor
make should be admitted free of duty, while
those articles for the manufacture of which we
have the raw material in abundance, and in
whose manufacture the labor of the country
finds employment, should be subject to duties
Now, what reduction of taxes and imposts can
be safely made?
OUR RECEIPTS.
For the fiscal year ending June 30. 1871,
our net receipts were, in round numbersj
$383,000,000, and our expenditures $292,-
000,000, showing a surplus of $91,000,000.
For the year ending June 30, 1872, there will be
about $3<5,000,000, and the expenditures will
be under S300,000,000, leaving, a balance of
at least $75,000,000. Upon the present basis
of duties the Secretary of the Ireasury esti-
mates the receipts for the year ending June 80,
1873, at $359,000,000, and the expenditures at
$301,000,000; but this estimate evidently
places the receipts too low, and the expendi-
tures too high. If the present duties be con-
tinued and the Government be administered
with economy, (and the expenditures will
annually decrease.) the surplus for next year
would approach $100,000,000. And, inaddition
to this, it must be remembered that the Secre-
tary of the Ireasury, wisely or unwisely, keeps
constantly in the Treasury over one hundred
millions in gold. In view of these facts the
reduction in the present duties and taxes
should be at least $50,000,000, and it might
with entire safety be much more.
WHAT IS PROPOSED.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, in the bill reported by him, pro-
poses a reduction on the basis of last year's
receipts of $31,845,561, as follows ;
On basis of On duty
ijunntitieit received
oj 1871. in 1871.
  $2,348,639 $3,625,718
Coffee  2,9-19,309 5,070,480
Coal  322.881
kalt  615,522
Leather  .">29,258
Iron and manufactures oi... 2,185,223
S^cel and manufactures of... 745,539
Wool  559,823)
Woolen manufactures  4,759,680 >- 5,517,275
Woolen carpets  197,772)
Cotton manufactures  78^,724
Copper and manufactures of 39,611
Chemicals, drugs. <fcc  581.862
Cork, manufactured  28,915
| Lumber  761,801
! All other articles  212
' Free list  1,584,667
Internal revenue.
Tobacco $6,720,000
Gas....,  2,573,123
Bank checks  1.259,000
Matches  2,250,000
Agreement stamps
(estimated)  100.000
18,952,438
12,893,123
$31,845,561
That the committee have sincerely endeav-
ored to do their duty is freely conceded, but
that they have failed to satisfy the House and
even themselves is equally evident. My objec-
tions to the bill are twofold: first, the reduc-
tion is too small; and secondly, small as it isr
it is improperly made.
I he Secretary of the Treasury in his estimate
for the fiscal year ending June, 1873, estimates
the receipts from internal revenue on the pres-
ent basis at $126,000,000, and suggests a re-
duction of $16,000j000 in these taxes. The
committee has kept below these ligures even,
and reports a reduction of less than thirteea
