1872.]
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Bead.
Ho. of Reps.
the patriot that if put in practical operation
it would yield more money than would be
necessary to meet the exigencies of the war.
A high protective tariff bill was passed by
Congress, and to the astonishment of the
uninitiated, the result of its operation fell far
shoi t of expectation; a tax or tariff was placed
on about four thousand articles of consump-
tion, but the articles that yield revenue to
the Government of any consequence are but
few in number, say ten or fifteen ; there may
be a few more. The tariff had the effect to
prohibit the importations of articles of goods
that the consumer needed and wanted, and
bnilt up and protected a monopoly the effect
of which is burdensome. The people have
submitted to a prohibition of the various
needed articles of consumption, and the con-
sumer was thus driven to make his purchases
of supplies of the monopolists of the country,
and thereby subjected to a tax on any article
of supplies necessary to the comfort of them-
selves and families, ranging from fifty to three
hundred and fifty per cent.
It will be borne in mind that under the oper-
ations of the tariff no revenue is derived there-
from, except on goods and wares and mer-
chandise imported to this from other coun-
tries. The total imports of last year amounted
t.o the sum of $518,759,588, and the amount
ofrevenue derived therefrom was $204,446,673.
That much was collected and paid into the
Treasury. The total value of the articles
consumed in the United States last year was
$'2,334,417,673, and all of these were pro-
duced and manufactured in this country, ex-
cept the $518,759,673, which. I suppose, is a
fair average per year for the last seven. Now,
under the operations of the present tariff, the
manufacturer is enabled to sell his articles for
a small shade less than the imported articles
cost, and by the operation of the tariff laws
enables him toexactfrom the consumer nearly
or quite twice the value of the article sold or
purchased. So under the operation of the
present tariff, the amount of taxes in the way
of tariff, the consumer last year was compelled
to pay the sum, or nearly so, of $920,000,000,
and only the sum of $204,446,673 of that
amount went into the Treasury, and $700,155,-
553 went into the pockets of the manufactur-
ers; in other words, the consumer was legally
relieved or robbed of that amount under the
operations of the policy of the Radical party
now in power. Then multiply the $700,155,553
by seven, which is the length of the time
(years) that has expired since the war, and we
have the enormous sum of $5,000,888,871; or,
in other words, $5,000,888,871, the sum that
the consumer has been bound by the laws of
the present Radical party to pay to the manu-
facturer in the way of what they call protec-
tion, not that they needed protection, because
it is clearly demonstrated that our country can
compete with all the world.
There has been also collected by the tariff
and internal revenue the further sum of about
three thousand million dollars, and paid into
the Treasury, making in the aggregate the
round sum of eight billions and more of the
people's money, and the enormous public debt
has only been decreased about three hundred
millions, putting it at the figures of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. But we differ with him,
and believe that it has not been reduced more
than two hundred and seventy millions. Now,
Mr. Speaker, if in seven years the people
have been taxed to the tune of $8,000,000,000
of money, under the pretense of paying the
ordinary expenses of the Government and the
public debt, in a time of profound peace,
and have only paid $270,000,000, how long
will it take to pay the debt, and at the rate
this protection system paid, how much will it
require to effect the desired object? Why, it
will require three or four times as much as
the whole property of the United States is
worth to pay it, and a period of about thirty
years to accomplish it. What a monstrosity I
Will a patriotic and devoted people stand
such exactions, or will they seek a change in
the administration of the Government? The
latter is the only hope and refuge.
There is no country on the face of the globe
so favored as ours. We produce all the raw
material, or nearly so, that enters into the con-
sumption of all classes. And as to iron, salt,
cotton, &c., we can produce more than all the
world besides. We have water power in abun-
dance, and our machinery and mechanics
compare, and, in many instances, outstrip the
world. We do not have to pay for transport-
ing the raw material across the ocean, not any
expense of the kind. Then, to say that, pro-
tection is necessary. Why, it is a disgrace to
the nation and a libel upon the people! Then,
why this hobby of protection ? The answer is
just at hand. Those manufacturers had to all
be kept loyal, and their loyalty had to be
tested by the party in power, by the person
voting for the Radical party, and any man
that voted against it was regarded by them as
disloyal. Let his or their motives be ever so
patriotic, he was branded with disloyalty—a
copperhead, a secessionist, or a disunionist.
Sir, by this character of manipulation all or
nearly all iron-men, salt-meu,cottonand woolen
manufacturers, and capitalists, were loyal, who
have in their employment hundreds aud thou-
sands of operatives whose salaries, bread,
meat, and clothing depended entirely on their
voting the Radical ticket. No alternative was
left them. They were like sheep in the sham-
bles. They dare not open their mouths ; and
if any of them dared to speak for or vote the
Democratic ticket they were turned off and left
to steer for themselves, and thereby deprived
their wives and children of bread. They were
nothing more nor less than automatons in the
hands of the manufacturers. They were only
moved as touched by their masters, and by that
means the Radical party has been perpetuated.
The operatives have thereby been reduced to
a practical system of peon slavery, the worst
form known to the race of mankind, and all,
too, under the cry of loyalty and protection.
Loyalty I what crimes have been committed in
thy name.
But the Radicals say that this fact is not
true; that a protective tariff is necessary to
enable us to compete with foreign countries,
and also to protect the laboring man and
woman at home; that if the tariff is reduced
it will depress labor; that we cannot compete
with the pauper labor of foreign countries.
God pity the poor laborer and mechanic of
other countries if they are in a worse con-
dition than the operatives of the manufac-
tories of this country. The poor have to live
in other countries by their labor as well as
ours, and they are fed as well as ours if the
reports be true. Then how is it that the oper-
atives can live cheaper in England and France
than in this? It is because nearly all the
articles consumed by the laboring classes of
those countries are governed by the laws of
free trade, and the articles of consumption
are therefore cheaper than what they are in
this. Subjected to a tariff of protection let
us for a moment examine and see the effect
of the present tariff upon the articles con-
sumed by the operatives, or a portion of them,
thus consumed. The following tables I am
permitted to clip from the late .speech of my
colleague, Hon. Edward Ckossland, which
is one of the best on the subject of the
tariff that I have read for many years; it ex-
hausts the whole subjcct, and 1 find that the
tables are sustained by the inimitable year-
book of Frederick Martin for the year 1872.
For example, the cost of a man's suit of cloth-
ing is as follows:
The farmer or mechanic s?oes to his retail merchant
to buy a suit of clothes. He buys four yards of
Whitney cloth for a coat, it has paid the tluty,
and is worth at wholesale price $3 90 currency per
yard, making $n $)
It isonly wortb,withoutthetax,$l 60per yard,
and four yards  6 4Q
Taxes paid on cloth for coat $5 20
He buys one and a half yards of wool cloth for a
vest, worth $1 50 per yard. It is taxed sixty-nine
per cent. It costs, with tax  $2 25
Without tax it is worth only  70
Tax paid on cloth for vest $1 55
H© buys three yards woolen cloth for pants, worth,
with tax, $2 per yard  $6 00
Tt is taxed sixty-nine per cent., which is  4 14
Pants would cost without tax  $1 80
He buys a pair of boots worth $6, taxed thirty-five
per cent $6 00
"Worth without tax    3 90
Tax paid on boots  $2 10
Hat worth, with duty paid $5 00
It has paid a duty of sixty-one per cent.,
amounting to.  3 05
Cost of hat without tax $1 95
Suit of clothes cost   .$30 85
Amount of tax paid  19 04
Cost without tax $11 81
Thus it will be s^en that one suit of cloth-
ing ought to have only cost $11 81, he has to
pay $30 85 for the suit, $19 04 of which goes
into the pockeis of the manufacturer. That
is what the Radical party calls good wages for
the laboring men and women of this country.
I now insert another table, which I find fully
corroborated by the year-book. This table
gives a class of forty-five articles used and con-
sumed by the laboring people of the whole
country. It will be seen that the tariff ranges
from forty cents to three hundred and thirty-
seven and a half per cent., and more than three
fourths of which goes into the coffers of the
manufacturer:
Per cent.
Salt 139 1-6
Coal oil, (petroleum) 167S-
Brown or unbleached domestics 50t
Calico  60t
Spool thread 76
Spun cotton   60£
Hosiery, (cotton) 35
Table-ware    50
Combs ' 35
Fans 88i
Linen  40
Glass, (window) ..from 49i to 631
Gunpowder    59£
Alpaca dress-goods 107
Hats and bonnets of palm or straw   40
Hemp ropes   34£
Iron from 43 to 104£
Trace-chains GOi
Nails  45
Steel from 31 to 53
Handsaws 39
Pocket-knives :  50
Lead     5$
Leather   35
Gloves, of skin or leather    50
Paints from 49£ to 211i
"VVriting-paper 85
Needles. $1 per 1,000, and 35
Pins   §£
Pens and pencils   55# -
Cloths made of wool   * ?8r
Shawls     
i'lannels 1134
Blankets 10?
Wool hats, 50 cents per pound -     oo
Clothing, ready made, 50 cents per pound, and 40
Coffee 461
Tea   * §0
Sugar   70#
Spices    337i
Opium, $2 50 per pound.
Quinine    
Castor-oil 144 
Books   25
What a beautiful protection to labor and the
consumer 1
