1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
Sir, I am entirely willing for the investiga-
tion, audi want it to go a little further. I want
it to appear who the sneaks are that go around
in the Departments hunting after recommend-
ations. I want the resolution amended so as
to inquire at whose instance the Secretaries
of tlie Departments have been engaged in
making out tabular statements as to one of
the members of this body. I want to know
who it was that called for the information. 1
want to know whether that tabular statement
was made out in reference to all Senators or
only in reference to one. Let us see who
these persons are that are prowling around
the Departments and hunting through the
musty records to ascertain who has recom-
mended a person for office, and let us know
from the heads of Departments for what pur-
pose this information was sought, whether for
a public purpose, or for personal, mean, and
contemptible purposes.
Now, Mr. President, I am entirely willing
that the resolution shall pass, and I trust that
abuses and corruptions of the Government are
not to be covered up by attacks upon those
who seek to expose them. It is a matter of
very little concern to the people of this coun-
try whether a Senator has recommended one
or two thousand persons for office. It is of
great concern to the people of this country
whether improper men are put into office, dis-
honest and corrupt men, and whether men are
placed there for personal, mercenary, and im-
proper ends. I want to see this resolution
amended so as to inquire further. I want to
know at whose instance the tabular statement
referred to by the Senator from Indiana was
procured. I want to know from the head of
each Department whether he has prepared
such a tabulated statement in reference to all
the members of this body; and if not, for
what purpose it was prepared as to one of the
members of the body. Let us have the whole
of the facts; bring them out; and if anything
is to be made out of it, let the Senator from
New York and the Senator from Indiana who
bring the matter here have the benefit of it.
But so far as I am concerned, I say to those
Senators—
"Lay on, Macduff,
And damn'd be him that firstcries,1 Hold, enough/ "
when the contest comes. I am willing to meet
all these attempts to shirk and cover up abuses
of the Government by attacking those who
come here to expose them. I shall oppose no
objection to the passage of this resolution; but
I propose to add to it,'after the present amend-
ment is disposed of, another of the character
I have indicated.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Let me say a word. 1
wish here to accept the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois; if he will be kind
enough to reduce it to writing, T will adopt it
as a part of my resolution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I will say
to the Senator from Illinois that when I said
on last Friday that I had seen a tabulated state-
ment giving the number of his recommenda-
tions, that statement was not made out at my
request. I do not know at -whose request it was
made out; but I had seen it, and I should not
have referred to it except for the insinuations
he had made in his speech in regard to myself
and others "hanging on to theskirtsof power
for mercenary purposes," and I have a right
to denounce hypocrisy wherever I find it. If
any man comes upon this floor and casts in-
sinuations upon me that I am seeking for pa-
tronage, while he himself has gone as far, has
recommended in writing and verbally, has gone
to the Executive and demanded personally the
appointment of relatives and friends, has been
persistent, has been importunate, such a man
has no right to come upon this floor and cast
imputations upon me, and I have a right with-
out being criticised to call to his attention
what he has doue himself.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to "prowling
around the Departments." I have been in but
one Department during this session of Con-
gress. I do not go to the Departments once
where I suppose that Senator goes twenty
times. And so far as "sneaks" are con-
cerned, why, Mr. President, who is the sneak?
Is it the man who comes upon this floor and
easts imputations upon Senators, impugns
their motives, talks about their hanging on to
the skirts of power, attempt to make party
capital before the country by charges of that
kind, when he has himself been one of the
most importunate seekers for office, and has
urged the appointment of his friends person-
ally and in writing time and time again ?
I said that I had seen a statement that that
Senator had made one hundred and three rec-
ommendations in writing to this Administra-
tion. 1 believe that statement to be true, and
that it will be verified under the resolution of
the Senator from New York, notwithstanding
that Senator said that he had not made five.
The Senator's memory is at fault, and it will
so turn out upon this investigation. As to his
inquiry who has called out the tabular state-
ment, I have no objection to his saying that I
did it, although I did not call out the state-
ment that I saw, and do not know at whose
instance it was made out. It was not signed
by the officers of the Department, but pur-
ported to be made out from an examination
of the papers. I have no doubt it was correct;
and when Senators come here and cast impu-
tations upon the motives of others, pretend to
be the advocates of civil service reform par
excellence, and arrogate to themselves superior
virtue, and that they are above all of the ordin-
ary practices on the part of members of Con-
gress, if it shall turn out that they themselves
have been doing the same thing, have been
persistent and importunate, it is legitimate to
tell them so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
is before the Senate, being the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
nek,] the pending question being the motion
of the Senator from Illinois. [Mr. Trumbull,]
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York [Mr.
Conkling] was adopted, on which the Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is entitled to
the floor.
japanese at military academy
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Nevada would give me a moment until I ask
the Senate to take up the bill which I reported
some days ago, allowing certain young men
belonging to the Japanese nation to be admitted
to West Point. I withheld the bill for a num-
ber of days because of the absence of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurmak.] The Japan-
ese delegation will be here in a few days, and
I would rather have this question disposed of
before they come.
There being no objection, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
454) authorizing the Secretary of War to admit
six Japanese youths to the West Point Military
Academy.
Mr. CAMERON. I will accept the propo-
sition to amend which was made by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, by striking out the clause giving
authority to the Secretary of War to amend
the regulations. I find by the report from
Annapolis that the conduct of the young men
there has been very proper, that it is not neces-
sary there, aud I think it will not be at West
Point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania states that he accepts the
suggestion made by the Senator from Ohio to
strike out that part of the bill which authorizes
the Secretary of War to waive or dispense with
the regulations of the Academy.
Mr. THURMAN. My objection to the bill
was to the admission of these youths there at
all. I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate with repeating what I have already
said. I think the whole proposition is wrong,
and I shall vote against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be regarded as modified
at the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio by
striking out the clause allowing the Secretary
of War to waive the regulations of the Academy.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was absent in New
York on business of the Senate Committee on
Investigation at the time this bill must have
been considered in the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I had therefore no opportunity to
examine it there; nor have I examined it
since. I should greatly prefer if my friend,
the chairman of that committee, would permit
the bill to go over until to- morrow, to afford me
at least that much time for examination. The
bill is one of sufficient importance to justify
the request from any Senator 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, of course I will 
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will allow me just one word
further to close the sentence, it is a bill which
works an entire change in the policy upon
which the Academy at West Point was founded
and has ever since been maintained. That
policy was one which looked to the training
there of a number of young men for the mili-
tary service of this country, and not for the
military service of any foreign country what-
ever. I now yield to a suggestion from my
friend the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall of course waive a
vote on this question now until the Senator
has the opportunity for investigation which he
desires, but I give notice that I shall ask the
Senate to take the bill up the day after to-
morrow if it is not disposed of sooner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
returned to the Calendar.
admission to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are a very large
number of ladies outside who cannot obtain
entrance into the galleries. I therefore move
that the cloak-rooms be thrown open for their
accommodation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks unanimous consent that the
ladies be admitted to the cloak-rooms, stating
that there are a large number who are unable
to obtain seats. Is there objection?
Mr. BOREMAN. I shall not object if the
door on the right of the Chair is not to be kept
open. I caught a severe cold the other day in
consequence of that door being kept open. I
have no objection to the ladies coming in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the order will be made with
the limitation suggested by the Senator from
West Virginia, that the doors on the right and
left of the Chair be kept closed. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will execute the order.
piedmont and potomac railroad.
Mr, SUMNER. I have the permission of
the Senator from Nevada to ask the Senate to
pass a little bill reported last Friday from the
Committee on the District of Columbia. It
is Senate bill No. 691. It is important that it
should be acted on at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous conscnt, sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order, that
the Senate consider a bill reported from the
Committee on the District of Columbia. It
will be open to objection after its title shall be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill
as follows: A bill (S. No. fifll) giving the
assent of Congress to the subscription by the
District of Columbia to the stock of the Pied-
mont and Potomac Railroad Company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over. I do
not think that bill ought to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
