3002
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
millions. I would go further than either the
committee or the Secretary, and blot out en-
tirely this whole internal revenue system. It
is unjust, oppressive, inquisitorial, and iniqui-
tous. If its entire repeal should create the
necessity for raising additional revenue it could
be done in ways far less objectionable to our
people and far more in accordance with the
spirit of our institutions.
What is this system but a direct tax and
burden upon the labor and enterprise and cap-
ital of our own people? It has sent over the
land a swarm of spies and informers, and it
has involved many honest and well-meaning
but uninformed persons in the most serious
trouble, and often in financial ruin. It came
into life as a supposed necessity of the war,
and as the cause that produced it has ceased
it should be at once repealed. Over its grave
no tears will be shed, and it will be remem-
bered only by the injustice and wrorg that
wero committed in its name. I will gladly
vote to relieve the people from this system of
taxation, regarding it as unsound in policy,
ot doubtful constitutional authority, oppress-
ive in practice, and exceedingly unpopular.
other reductions.
But believing it improbable, in the present
stage and temper of Congress, to secure the
repeal of the entire internal revenue system,
and admitting the necessity of a large reduc-
tion, how should it be made? In my judg-
ment,, our attention should first be directed to
those articles of common use and necessity
which we do not and cannot raise or produce
• in this country ; and first upon this list come
tea and coflee. The simple mention of these
woidsthrows some gentlemen into excitement.
They charge that the effort to repeal these
duties is "a trick of the protectionists," and
if successful will compel the retention of du-
ties upon other articles which they claim should
be free. But all this does not change or affect
the only question properly to be considered
by us in determining our course as Repre-
sentatives of the people.
The House twice by very decided majorities
voted to place tea and coffee on the free list;
and the Senate tardily indeed, but finally, two
days ago, passed the last House bill, and after
the 1st ot July next our people will have Iree
tea and coflee. This action on the paitof
Congress wipes out $19,000,000 of revenue,
and will compel raany a member to "change
his base." I rejoice at the passage of this
bill, for the duty of fifteen cents upon tea and
three cents upon coffee was a simple naked
tax upon those articles. We do not raise
them, and hence the importers have entire
control of the market. The unchanging effect
of the duty was to add the amount of it to the
price, ^lt is true the revenue raised went into
the national Treasury, but, head foi head, the
poor man paid more of it than the man of
wealth. They are both articles of daily use,
and almost daily necessity. Coffee especially
is needful to the laborer, and the statistics
will show that the families of our mechanics
and laboring men, upon the average, are larger
than the families of our men of means. The
burden then fell most heavily upon those who
are least able to bear it. The effect of the law
was to compel the labor of the country to
contribute unfairly to the payment of the ex-
penses of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, we have fallen upon new and
strange times, when prominent Democratic
newspapers _ attempt to make the retention
of these duties a Democratic measure. The
attempt was repugnant to every principle of
sound Democracy and to every article of its
confession of faith; and it richly deserved
the rebuke which it twice received on this
floor. Prom 1832 to 1861 these articles were
admitted Iree, except a duty of ten cents on
tea from 1832 to 1836, not imported in United
States vessels from beyond the Cape of Good
Hope; and for nearly all this period oftwent.y-
oine years the Government was under the
control of the Democratic party. With the
rapid and enormous increase of our laboring
population, there is more reason now than
ever that articles of this kind, that meet no
competition in our market, and are of almost
universal use, should be rendered as cheap as
possible. The great mass of the people will
approve this act, irrespective of the motives
which are charged in certain quarters to have
secured its passage. It lifts a burden from
many who were sadly able to bear it, and hence
I hail it.
hides.
Hides and skins, from the importation of
which we last year got over thirteen hundred
thousand dollars of revenue, should also be
placed, as they are placed by the bill of my
colleague, [Mr. Kelley,] upon the free list,
and then a corresponding reduction of the
duty upon leather can be made, without in-
jury to the manufacturer or the business
interests of the country. By relieving the
purchaser of raw hides from the payment of
the duty—for there is really no competition
between- domestic and foreign hides—you re-
duce their cost to the extent of the duty
removed; and then, to secure to the people
the benefit of this removal of duty, the tariff
upon the leather manufactured from these
hides should be reduced to the same extent.
The result will be that the manufacturer will j
make the same profit upon the same capital,
while the cost of leather, an article of uni-
versal necessity, will be reiluced.
othkk afttiijles.
There are many other articles that should
be put upon the free list, and others still the
duty upou which should be reduced. But in
all cases cate should be taken to discriminate
ill favor of home production and home indus-
try and no assault upon American labor in
the interest of foreign capital should be per-
mitted to succet-d. 1 would be just always and
to all men ; but I would think it no crime to
be more than just, to be generous, to the strug-
gling interests of my own land. There seems
he no standard by which the committee has '
been governed in making the reductions in the '
bill reported by its chairman. Some of the ]
duties are touched lightly, verv lightly, while '
the full blast of '' revenue reformhas entirely 1
swept away others. The pangs attending the
birth of this strange child almost disarm the
criticisms which its deformities evoke. It has I
been thrust into the House and left, as a waif, !
its reputed father hastening to disown it as his !
offspring. In its infancy it has been nursed |
by strangers, and if it survive at all, it will be .
alone through the sympathy and aid enlisted
by the cruel ingratitude of its natural parents. :
coal. 1
The present duty on bituminous coal is ;
$1 25 per gross ton, and the revenue it afforded !
last year was $048,000. Both the bills before ,
the House reduce the duty to fifty cents per
ton—a reduction of sixty per cent, on the I
present duty. This article seems to havi
l?een selected as the victim for sacrifice upon i
the ahar of manufactured public clamor. '
lhere is uo duty on anthracite coal, because
the only coal of that kind known is found in
Pennsylvania and Wales; in the latter coun-
try in comparatively small quantities. Eng-
land has a coal-bearing territory of about
eighty-five hundred square miles," while th<>
coal-bearing area of the United States covers
?,lx, hundred thousand square miles.
With all this hidden wealth, can it be wise or
safe for a nation struggling for the mastery of
the world, to permit it to remain buried in the
earth, and depend for her supplies of this v-ery
article, m peace and in war, upon a rival
Power? V\ nil this industry paralyzed at home,
and our collieries closed, what would be the
condition of the American Government in
case of a foreign war? And matiy of thos. 
who cry most loudly lor free coal are most
tenacious that there be no backing down fro'u
the high ground taken in the construction of
the treaty of Washington. But if this nation
adopt their policy, England can afford to in-
dulge their bluster, and laugh at their bravado
as long as they render her more efficient ser-
vice in the American Congress than they could
do in the British Parliament.
From 1824 until 1842 the duty on coal was
six cents per bushel, equivalent to $1 68 per
ton ; from 1842 to 1846 it was $1 75 per ton •
in 1846 it was thirty per cent, ad Valorem,''
from 1847 to 1861, twenty-four per cent, ad
valorem; from 1862 to 1865 it was one dollar
per ton : during 1865 it was $1 10 ; and from
that time until the present it has been $1 25
per ton. Thus it is seen that under ail
Administrations and parties it has long been
the settled policy of this Government to en-
courage the development of this great and
growing industry. But this policy is now
assailed with unusual fierceness, and it is
alleged that this duty is paid by the consumer
and goes, not into the national Treasury, but
into the pockets of the producers. This charge
is earnestly and perhaps honestly made;
and if true, it might furnish just reason for
the proposed reduction. But is it true? Let
us iu the interest of truth, and flot of section,
examine it.
l'he duty ot $1 2o per ton, it is very evi-
dent, cannot affect the market in the interior.
For instance, foreign coal imported into New
York free of duty could not be loaded on the
cars there and carried to Pittsburg and sold as
cheap as the coal mined at Pittsburg. The
freight between the two cities renders this
impossible. Hence the duty upon coal does
not change its price to the inland consumers
to the extent of a farthing. As farasthe cost
of the article is concerred, it makes no dif-
ference to them whether the duty is two cents
or two dollars. This fact, apparent to every-
body, shows that a very large majority of our
people have no interest in the clamor against
coal. But it is said that from four to five mil-
lion tons of coal are annually used on the
Atlantic sea-board, and that there the duty is
simply a tax, increasing the price of every ton
$1 25, thus compelling the consumer to pay
the producer five or six million dollars, while
the Government receives only 3500,000 of the
amount so paid.
The immediate effect of a tariff upon any
article is to raise its price; but just as the
price rises, and it becomes profitable, capital
seeks investment in it, and thus its produc-
tion is stimulated and increased. The law of
supply and demand is higher than the law of
statutes: and when we produce more of any arti-
cle than the market demands, the price must
fall. Now, while the duty may at first increase
the price of coal, it largely increases its home
production; and as the quantity produced
increases, the cost of production per ton de-
creases. If it cost $100 to mine one hundred
tons per day, and you increase the daily pro-
duction to three hundred and fifty tons, the cost
will not be over $300. And thus the producer
is able to reduce his prices without loss of profit
or reduction of wages. Notwithstanding the
duty upon coal, under the reciprocity treaty,
which went into effect in June, 1854. andexpired
in March, 1866, all coal imported from British
North American possessions on the Atlantic
whs admitted free Bearing this m mind,
there are a few facts to which the candid
attention of the House is invited.
In 1861, with Nova Scotia coal free, only
192.000 tons of it were imported; i'1 1871,
with SI 25 duty, there were 262,000 tons.
In 1861, there were used in the Altantic sea-
board States 890,000 tons of American bitu-
minous coal; and in 1871 there were used
4,641,000 tons—an increase in ten years of
almost four million tons. In her best year,
1865, Nova Scotia shipped to us only 465,000
tons, and her entire yearly production has
never exceeded 700,000 tons. What folly,
then, for this Government to depend upon
such a source for her supplies of coal!
