1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Vermont objects to the present consideration
of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
DISTRICT JUDGES IN NEW YORK.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the consent of the
Senator from Nevada, I desire to make a re-
port. The Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 445) to
defray the expenses of district judges from
other districts while holding district or circuit
courts in the southern district of New York,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
it pass. There is an urgency tor the passage
of the bill ; it consists of but a few lines ; and
if there be no objection, I ask that it be put
upon its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that whenever, in
virtue of section three of the act. entitled ''An
act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872,"
passed March 3, 1871, a district judge from
another district shall hold a district or cir-
cuit court in the southern district of New York,
his expenses, not exceeding ten dollars per
day, certified by him, shall be paid by the
marshal of the district as a part of the expenses
of the court, and be allowed in his account.
Mr. COLE. I do not rise to oppose the
bill, but to ask the Judiciary Committee why
it could not be made general. I have heard
a great deal of complaint on the Pacific coast
by district judges who have been compelled
to travel a great distance to hold court. I
think the law ought to be made general, and
not apply to one district only in the southern
part of New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is an old subject,
and the committee did not think it advisable
to make a general law of that kind. There is
a particular urgency for such a law in the city
of New York.
Mr. COLE. I know of one instance where
a judge from Oregon traveled all the way to
San Francisco, and held court there at very
great expense.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will not be re-
peated, I suppose.
Mr. COLE. It may be.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BRIO MICHAEL AND ANNA.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up and pass at
this time House bill No. 213, simply to author-
ize the issuing of a certificate of registration
to a vessel.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 213) to authorize the issuing of a certifi-
cate of registry to the brig Michael and Anna
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a certifi-
cate of registry to the brig Michael and Anna,
the property of T. B. Marshall & Bro., of
the city of Savannah, Georgia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read, or that bill explained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires the report to be read. Is
there a written report?
Mr. NORWOOD. I do not' know. The
bill was reported back without amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appear to
be some papers connected with the bill, but
no written report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
Senator who reported the bill explain to us
on what ground the bill proceeds; why this
vessel is entitled to an American registry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Vickers] reported the bill,
and he is not now in his seat.
Mr. NORWOOD. I inquired of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, and he
said that there was no objection to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury on this subject, which perhaps may
answer the point suggested by the Senator
from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter.:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., December 26,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt
of your letter of the 16th instant, covering act(H. JEt.
213) to authorize the issuing of a certificate of regis-
try to the brig Michael and Anna, by direction of the
Committee on Commerce ot the Senate, and ask-
ing me for information in the ease, and for such
recommendation as I may have to make.
In reply, I transmit herewith a copy of a letter of
the 19th April last, addressed by me to IIou. Joshua
Hill, which gives the following statement of tacts,
neamly: that the Michael and Anna is a French
vessel, which sprang a leak on a voyage from Monte-
video to New York; that the crew were taken oft
by the master of the American hark Annie Mo-
Adam; that the mate of the McAdam manned the
brig from his own vessel and took her into Savan-
nah, where she was libeled and sold, by order of the
United States district court, at marshal's sale, and
purchased by Marshall & Brother for $925, who
repaired her at a cost of S3,273 20, and applied to
the Department for American registry; but not
being a wreck, she was not entitled thereto.
1 have no recommendation to make, but may
repeat that the repairs were larger in amount than
would have been required had the vessel been a
wreck.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman Committee on Com-
merce,i United States Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is enough.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NEW ORLEANS BRANCII MINT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us have the
regular order.
Mr. KELLOGG. With the consent of the
Senate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has demanded the regular
order and the Chair cannot entertain any
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to what
will not cause debate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
that I he motion now upon the Calendar, to refer
the bill (S. No. 577) to reestablish the branch
mint at New Orleans or restore the same to
the city of New Orleans, be agreed to. The
Committee on Finance meet to-morrow morn-
ing, and I desire that that bill shall go to that
committee.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1323) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1670) for the relief of
Isaac B. Kinkead;
A bill (H. R. No. 1024) for the relief of
Thomas B. Valentine;
A bill (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate elec-
tions in Washington and Idaho Territories;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 1666) to establish certain
post roads.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (S. No.
187) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864; and it was thereupon signed by
the Vice President.
SALES OF ARMS TO FRENCH AGENTS.
The Senate resumed the consider ation of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Sumseb on
the 12th instant.
Mr. NYE and Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN
addressed the Senate in remarks which will be
found in the Appendix
Mr. WRIGHT obtained the floor.
Mr. POME ROY. With the consent of the
Serator from Iowa, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and (at four
o'clock and six minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 26, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first-business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
four minutes after twelve o'clock.
CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1673) regulating appointments and removals
in the civil service of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Reorgan-
ization of the Civil Service, and ordered to be
printed.
PORTLAND, ETC , COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. LYNCH also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1674) to enlarge the collection district
of Portland and Falmouth, and change the
name thereof; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
GOEN W. PLUMMER.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1675) for the relief of Goen W. Plummer ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
HARBOR OF NEWPORT.
Mr. EAMES introduced" a bill (H. R. No.
1676) for the improvement of navigation in
the harbor of Newport, in the State of Rhodo
Island; which was read a first and secoud
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. PENDLETON presented a resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Rhode
Island, in reference to opening Indian terri-
tory for settlement; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
LAND LAWS.
Mr. KETCHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. _1677 ) to provide for the more efficient
administration of the laws relating to public
lands ; which was read a first and second' tinte,
referred to the Committee on thePublic Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
ENTRIES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. KETCHAM also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1678) to prohibit certain persons from
entering public lands; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
INTERNAL TAXATION.
Mr. KETCHAM also introduced a bill (H.
