S898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
four, to strike out the words " January, 1873,"
and to insert, "July, 1872;" so as to read:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1872, inlieu
of the duties heretofore imposed by law on the
articles hereinafter enumerated or provided for,
imported from foreign countries, there shall bo
levied, oollected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line eight, to insert—
On all slack coal or culm, or such as will pass
through a five eighths of an inch screen, forty cents
per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to
the bushel.
Mr. BOREMAN. This is an amendment
froposed by the committee of the Senate and
wish to offer an amendment to it. I do not
know that it is necessary to go into any dis-
cussion of it. I propose in the tenth line to
strike out the word "five eighths" and insert
"three eighths," reducing the size of the coal.
I believe there is no opposition to it by the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that
amendment will not be adopted. Five eighths
of an inch merely lets the smallest particles
of waste through, and the amount reported by
the committee is fifteen cents more than the
duty was in the bill as reported when it passed
the Senate before. It is forty cents now,
which is more than half the rate proposed for
coal in the ordinary form. To be of any sort
of use to enable parties who have waste to use
it at all, five eighths of an inch would be neces-
sary, and it was a moot point whether it
should not be three quarters of an inch.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suppose there will be
no objection to the amendment I moved. This
tariff in regard to coal is a greater reduction
than upon any other article in this bill save
salt, 1 believe, and thiseffort to reduce the duty
upon coal comes from that section of the
country more interested in the tariff and the
principles upon which the tariff is laid than
any other section of this country. But, sir,
inasmuch as the House of Representatives by
the bill which they sent to us had reduced the
tariff upon coal nearly one half, those inter-
ested proposed to themselves to allow that
matter to go and not make a contest about it.
The bill went to the Committee on Finance of
the Senate, and now they propose this addi-
tional amendment inserting in this bill a pro-
vision which lias heretofore been unknown and
the law fixing a size of the lumps of coal
which shall not be subjected to duty at all. In
the present tariff the duty upon what is called
culm of coal is fixed without regard to its size.
This provision, which I have proposed to
amend, I am assured by those familiar with
the subject, will, in addition to the proposition
of the bill as it comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives, seriously affect the interests of
those who are producing coal in this country.
If the five eighths, as it is now in this amend-
ment, is retained, I am assured that more
than one half of the coal imported into this
country which comes from Nova Scotia will
come in under that provision, and nearly all
the bituminous coal imported into this country
comes from Nova Scotia.
Why this is proposed, Ido notknow. Whence
it comes, I do not know. It is my duty, I
believe, to move to strike it out entirely: but
in order to make a sort of compromise, yield-
ing up something on our part, I am willing
that that which is regarded as slack, or in the
strict sense culm of coal, shall be limited by a
screen five eighths of an inch.
I trust there will be no 'further objection
to the amendment I have proposed and that
it will be adopted. If that is adopted we shall
have no more difficulty about this matter. If,
however, we have to fight this question, I
intend to test the sense of the Senate upon the
other provisions of this bill on the subject of
bituminous coal.
The present tariff upon bituminous coal is,
and has been since 1824, $1 25 a ton, with
the exception of two or three years in 1842,
1843, and 1846. For half a century the tariff
on coal has been about one dollar and a quarter.
For the first time this bill proposes to reduce
it to seventy-five cents per ton, nearly one half.
But,, sir, as I remarked awhile ago, those
interested in the production of coal in this
country had come to the conclusion, inasmuch
as the bill had passed the House and come
here, that they would allow this which we re-
gard as an injustice to us to go ; but we can-
not submit to this further injustice, because I
am satisfied, and I am assured by those familiar
with this subject, that one half of the coal im-
ported into this country will come in at forty
cents a ton if the ameudmentof the committee
be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator accept
one half as the size of the screens and let us
pass it? I will make a compromise on one
half instead of three eighths ; let it be a half-
inch screen. I am assured by those engaged
in the business that that will relate to only
very small waste coal.
Mr. SCOPT. Allow me to say a word. My
friend from Vermont called attention to the
fact that this is a larger duty than it was be-
fore. Now, I want to call attention to the fact
that in the Senate bill before the duty on coal
was fifty cents per ton, and graduating this
slack coal by it the duty was thirty cents per
ton.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Twenty-five
Mr. SCOTT. Twenty-five cents. Very
well. But when the bill went to the House a
compromise of the whole affair was made by
putting the duty at seventy-five cents a ton on
all coal. When it comes back to the Senate
the Senate committee put in this slack coal,
graduating it again to the seventy-five cents
per ton, and making the duty forty cents in-
stead of twenty-five as it was before. But the
House proposition was seventy-five cents per
ton on all coal.
Now, as the Senator from West Virginia
proposes in the interest of bi3 constituents,
instead of asking that we go back to the House
proposition.and put seventy-five cents a ton on
all coal, to make this size five eighths of an
inch instead of three eighths, I trust his
motion will prevail if the whole amendment
does not go out, for I am informed by those
conversant with this business, particularly
those who are interested in the gas-coal, that
the coal can be broken up to such a size that
a five-eighthsofan inch screen will pass through
all that will be used very largely for manufac-
turing purposes. The slack coal, or culm, is
generally used simply for such purposes as
lime-burning, not for general manufacturing
purposes. It does in some instances answer
for generating steam when used in connection
with the lump coal; but I trust that this com-
promise proposed by the House, if it is to be
disturbed by the Senate, will not be by making
this size any larger than that proposed by the
Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
take my proposition to make it a half-inch
screen. As lor these people breaking up the
coal for the purpose of reducing it to the con-
dition of culm coal, that, itseems to me, would
be absurd. It would reduce the value. Coal
of a larger size is of a higher price, as a mat-
ter of course. There is more difference between
the market value of culm of coal and coal of
the higher sizes than the difference of duty.
This is in order to make a ratable duty.
This is a cheap kind of coal, slack coal, wast-
age, generally thrown out.
I merely suggest this compromise. I am
perfectly indifferent about the matter ; but
this provision was pnt in for the benefit of
the coal-men so as to prevent small coal from
being brought in as waste coal. The provision
as to screening was put in to test the charac-
ter of the coal. I think the Senator from Penn-
sylvania had better take the half-inch screen.
Mr. BOREMAN. Those who are more
familiar with it than I am say that will not do.
I wish, however, to correct a statement made
by the Senator from Ohio. I said nothing
about coal being broken up 
Mr. SHERMAN. I referred to the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BOREMAN. I stated the fact that I
was assured by gentlemen who are familiar
with this coal trade that more than one half
of the coal brought into this country could be
put through a screen of five eighths, so that it
amounted to letting one half of the coal come
in at forty cents a ton duty. But those who
know more about it than I do say that it is
possible we can accept the proposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance as a
compromise, if that be allowable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out
" five eighths" and insert "one half."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
object to the proposition of the chairman,
but I desire to disabuse the Senator from West
Virginia of any idea that coal brought from
Nova Scotia will ever be broken up into these
small particles for the sake of avoiding the d uty.
it comes in large lumps, and it is merely to
obtain the dust and the small particles at the
mouth of the mine and at the place where
tbevload it.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to correct the
Senator from Vermont. I said nothing about
coal being broken up at all. That aid not
come from me. I believe it was the Senator
from Pennsylvania who spoke on that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The amendment of the
Senator from West Virginia is modified, the
Chair understands, so as to strike out "five
eighths" and insert " one half."
ike amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section one, after line sixteen,
to insert "on oatmeal, one half cent per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line seventeen, to insert "on potatoes,
ten cents per bushel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line twenty, to insert "on calf-skins,
tanned, or tanned and dressed, twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem "
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the chairman
having the bill in charge wants to go through
with the amendments of the committee before
any other amendments are offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty-three, to insert, after the word
"all," the word "other;" and in line twenty-
four to insert the words "not herein other-
wise provided for;" so that the paragraph will
read:
On upper leather of all other kinds, and on skins
dressed and finished of all kinds, not herein other-
wise provided for, twenty per oeut. ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, to
strike out the'twenty-eighth line in the follow-
ing words: "on calt-skuis, tanned, twenty per
cent, ad valorem.''
l'he amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line thirty, to insert, as lines thirty-one to
sixty:
On all timber, squared, or sided, not otherwise
provided for. one cent pereubic foot.
On sawed boards, ptank, deals, and other lumber
of hemlock, white-wood, sycamore, and bass-wood,
one dollar per thousand feet board measure.
Oil all other varieties of sawed lumber, two dol-
lars per thousand feet board measure: Provided,
That when lumber of any sort is planed or finished,
ixi addition to the rates herein provided there shall
be levied and paid for each side so planed or fin-
