314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
the expression of their preference at the ballot-
box, is the very identical individual whom the
President has lately removed from office, and
who thereupon has received so much sympathy
from certain Democratic quarters.
I regret that this legislative report is too
voluminous to be read, for it would shed a flood
of light upon this whole question. * I will ask
that the concluding portion be read to show
the final conclusion arrived at.
The Chief Clerk read the following extracts
from the report of the senate committee in
relation to election frauds in Pulaski county
at the November election, 1870, made January
14,1871, contained in the journal of the senate
of Arkansas, session of 1871, pages 158 to 169 ;
"In conclusion your committee desire to call
especial attention to the testimony of Fitch, the
registrar, and Mr. Chamberlain. Fitch swears posi-
tively that Hodges approached him and desired him
to issue two thousand fraudulent certificates of regis-
tration, and to allow him (Hodges) to name the
judges of election, for which Hodges said he would
have Fitch elected clerk of the house of represent-
ative^ and would insure the position to be worth
$5,000:
"Your committee have patiently pursued their
investigations, and the report and testimony as will
be seen is voluminous. More testimony might have
been elicited tending toshow thesamecriminal acts,
but your committee have thought proper to suspend
the work of piling up infamy and the evidence of it,
and submit the result of their labors to this body for
their information and guidance. The heart grows
sick and our confidence m the integrity of mankind
sickens and grows less day by day as we probe the
acts of corruption perpetrated in this county at the
late election. The ambition of Hodges, Green, and
Hartman 'overleaped itself and fell on the other
side.' These three men were candidates for a seat
in the house of representatives on the Republican
ticket, but an all-wise Providence, for some good
and to us unknown reason, has spared the people of
the tenth district from being represented by such
men. Our sympathies are with the cause under
whose banner theseunblusbing and barefaced frauds
were committed: but we feel that Republicanism
cannot prosper, nor does it deserve to prosper by
the use of the means employed in Pulaski county.
'The receiver is as bad as the thief,' and an in-
dorsement of the acts of these men in the late elec-
tion would place us in the light of' receivers.'
"Your committee have no doubt that a conspiracy
was formed to carry the election hy fraud, and that
the-men who executed it, in most instances, were
mere puppets, that were moved by the direction
of other men, whose names do not appear in the
evidence. If your body will take the evidence of
Hodges and Hartman, and note their answers, and
compare them with the evidence of men of spotless
reputations for truth and veracity, senators will at
onee see the reason why the moving minds of this
great wrong cannot be ascertained, whenever men
fail to recognize the sanctity of an oath, ii becomes
useless on our part to push further inquiries.
"Your committee are informed that no man con-
nected with these frauds and outrages has been
arrested or indicted, and that the participant^tbere-
in openly boast that the clerk .and sheriff of Pulaski
county will never let a grand jury be impaneled
that would indict them. Not one officer clothed
with the majesty of the law, from Marshal Catter-
son down to his lowest deputy, discharged his sworn
duty, but, on the contrary, used it to aid in the acta
of fraud and violence to which we have called atten-
tion. The deputy sheriff, like the deputy marshal,
was often one and the same person. If any one of
the latter class performed the duty enjoined on
them by the law of the State, we have been unable
to learn his name.
"Your committee are of opinion that it ought to
be made a penal offense for a person acting as a
deputy sheriff to, at the same time, exercise the
powers and duties of a deputy United States marshal.
The combination of the two offices in one person
was one of the means by which these frauds were
consummated.
"Your committee would further recommend that
thought be given as to the propriety of separating
the election of State and county officers from the
election of member-* of Congress. If this should be
done, the United Slates marshals would have no
excuse for interfering and overriding all law for the
purpose of forcing obnoxious men, dot into Congress,
but into the Legislature of the State, as was the
object in the late election.
"Your committee now desire to call attention to
the tact that in Ashley township the election was
opened before the hour prescribed by law, and by
judges who had no authority to act, as the regular
judges were present and ready to hold the election,
and to the further fact that as many as seventy
armed men were there for the purpose of intimid-
ation. The same thing is true in Gray, Badgett, East-
man, and Campbell.
'"Your committee are therefore of opinion that
the elections in those townships (Gray, Badgett.
Batman, and Campbell.; ought to be declared void
for the reasons stated. As to the township of Eagle,
and the first and third wards of the eity of Little
Rock, your committee are of opinion that the elec-
tions held under the au.-,pices of Dr. Hartman, by
Foster, Bates, and Kruil,in the first ward, and in the
third ward, under the management of Moses Reed,
(Brooks's brother-in-law,) by Brayman, Holland,
and Divine, and in the township of ISaide by the
irregular judges, are absolutely void, and in this
view we aresupported andsnstained by the supreme
court of the State in Howard et al. vs. McDiarmid, :
and by the action of the senate in the contested-
election ease of Riley against Brooks, from the tenth
district" !
Mr. CLAYTON. Now, Mr. President, if ;
the action of the legislative department of the
government of the State of Arkansas, together ,
with the decisions of the supreme court of that *
State, can be relied upon, the elections held in ,
certain precincts in Pulaski county, heretofore
alluded to* were null and void. If they were ,
null and void, manifestly the returns must have ;
been, for legal returns cannot emanate from 1
bogus elections. If the returns were null and j
void, it seems to me the due execution of the !
law would demand that they should be ex- 1
eluded from the count. This I did, and by this j
action it appeared that Joh?j Edwards was j
elected to Congress from the third congres- !
sional district of Arkansas, and the certificate
was issued accordingly. The
" Head and front of my offending
Hath this extent, no more."
For this I was indicted by a grand jury of
the United States court, although William G.
Whipple, the then United States attorney, at
whose instance the indictment was procured,
must have been aware of the facts set forth by
the decisiou of the supreme court and the
legislative investigation. At the time the cer
tificate was issued my conscience approved
the act, and could I retrace my gteps, with the
lights which are now before me, I would act
upon the same principles again though a bri-
gade of such attorneys as Wiiiiam G. Whipple
confronted me, and a thousand such indict-
ments stared me in the face.
So much for the grounds upon which I based
my action in issuing this certificate. I come
now to the insinuation, for it does not rise to
the dignity of a charge, that the certificate was
issued to gain Democratic votes. This has no
foundation whatever in fact. Whipple may
well fay that he has no facts upon which to base
his opinion, for none ever existed. This cer-
tificate was issued for the reasons I have stated,
and because I believed it to be my sworn duty
to issue it.
Having disposed of this question, I now de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate to the
testimony of this witness as elicited by the Sen
ator from Missouri, commencing on page 73,
and relating to my motives for declining the
position of United States Senator when first
elected:
" Question. As I understand. Governor Clayton
was elected Senator, and declined to accept ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question* What was his reason for declining to
accept when first elected ?
" Answer. What reason did he assign ?
" Question. Yes.
" Ansxcer. The reason that he assigned was that
the interests of the Republican party ia Arkansas
required that he should remain Governor. But that
was not the general understanding at all.
"Question. "What was the general understanding
on the subject ?
" Ansioer, The general understanding was, that he
declined the election to the United States Senate
because, if he went to the Senate at that time, he
could not leave the government of the State in the
: hands of his friends.
44 Question,. What do you suppose was the object of
Governor Clayton in seeking to retain the control
of the State in the hands of his particular friends in
the Republican party, rather than let it go into the
bands of any other Republicans ? What interest had
be in that?
44 Answer. Do you wish me to state what I think
was the reason ?
Question. Certainly Ido.
"Answer. Ihavereason to believe, and do believe,
that his object was twofold: to maintain control
of the State for future purposes, more particularly
for the benefit of his friends to whom he was under
personal obligation for his election to the United
States Senate; and also to prevent an investigation
of the records of his administration."
Whipple testifies that the reason I assigned
for declining the position of Senator when first
elected was not the reason at ail. Compre-
, bending my motives of action better than I do
i myself, he proceeds to state that I declined
because at the time my successor would have
been unfriendly to me. and that £ feared an
investigation into the records of my adminis-
tration. This* as Mr. Whippb* invariably |>utg
it, was **tho general understanding.'' The
facts are simpler and sooner told.
This very taction which is now so bitterly
hostile to me had, as a means of preventing
my election to the United States Senate, sed-
ulously created the imnression that should
Lieutenant Governor Johnson succeed me the
State w'>uld inevitably be Seaterized. So gen-
eral seemed the conviction at that time that
the interests of the Republican party would
not be saf(i in the hands of the Lieutenant
Governor, that I felt it my duty to comply with
the wishes of the party w hich had elected me,
and therefore, both upon the stump and to
the legislative caucus which nominated me, I
pledged myself that I would not under any
circumstances vacate the executive chair if
by doing so the Lieutenant Governor would
become my successor. At that time the case
of quo warranto against the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, then pending in the supreme court,
it was believed would result in the vacation
of his office- Subsequently, that case having
been decided in his favor, it necessarily fol-
lowed that for me to have accepted the posi-
tion of Senator, and thus vacated the office of
Governor, would have placed the Lieutenant
Guvernor in the executive chair, in violation
of the pledges referred to, and I accordingly
declined.
Having thus shown the motives which con-
trolled me, I now procced to th > consideration
of the motives falsely attributed to rae by the
witness Whipple. I read from his testimony
in chief, page 73:
" Question. 2fow, that brings us to a point that I
want to know something about. What particular
transaction in the records of his administration was
there that he did not care to have diaclof-ed ?
" Anncer. Well, sir,iorinstaoce, I think there was
a great deal in connection with his management of
the State aid to railroads.
*' Question. The Legislature of the State had voted
subsidies to certain railroads ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Wiiat was the manner, or support to
be the manner, in which the Governor gave out tho^e
subsidies?
" Answer. The State aid to railroads was generally
awarded to personal friends of Governor Clayto.s,
who were connected with railroads.
" Question. "Was it, in any instances, given to com-
panies who had notcorophed with the requirements
of the law ?
44 Answer. That is understood to have been the case
in several instances.
" Question. In what instance*? in particular?
"Anstoer. Well, sir. m thecase ot the M'.-uiphi-5 and
Little Rock railroad, State aid fur one nundre.i and
twenty miles wa.< awarded, when oniy iorty-tive
iniles remained to be built and have since been
" Question. He paid to thwcoi.ipany the amount of
aid they would have been entitled to had they built
one hundred,md twenty wile* of road !
Answer, Yes, hir ; $1,200,000,
"Question. And they have built only forty-odd
miles, for which they are entitled to the State aid ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Qucstio?i> And it ia believed be has violated the
law m this issue of State bonds overund above what
the law authorized to be issued ?
" Answer. Y'es.sir.
" Question. Are there any other instance.* of sim-
ilar violations of the law on the part of the Gov-
ernor?
" Ansiper, Well, Jir, in the ca?e of what is known
as the Little Rock, Pine Bluff, arid New Orleans rail-
road, the presidentof which is Jain^s M com-
missioner ol immigration for the State of Arkansas,
and conspicuously known as an intimate f en-mial
friend of Governor Clayton, I think there has b«-en
$760,000 of State aid awarded to the road, besides
$320,OOo in levee bonds. For that th^re has been built
about twelve miles of road, and I uaderttuDii that
the iron for those twelve miles h.*-, for the most part,
been since removed and put < u orh<<r roads. 1 have
reason to believe, and do believe, that Mr. Lewis has
not spent more than §100,000 on the road.
" QurMion. Was the i.-sue of *ubridy to tb.it road
in exoe&of what the law authorized theGovernur to
issue?
'^A-Mvoer. So I understand.
' Question. What amount did the law authorize to
be issued for the twelve miles of finished road?
|i "Answer. Fifteen thousand dollars a mile for the
twelve miles.
" Question. You spoke of the issue of leve* bond*
to that road. Under what law was the road allowed
to have those l«\ bunds?
"Answer. Well, sir. an act of the L^pdslature au-
thorised the issue of levee bonds to the amount of
