1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3899
ished fifty cents per thousand feet; and if planed on
one side and tongued and grooved, one dollar per
thousand feet; and if planed on two sides and
tongued and grooved, $1 50 per thousand feet.
On hubs for wheels, posts, last-blocks, wagon-
blocks, oar-blocks, gun-blocks, heading-blocks, and
all like blocks or sticks, rougti-hewn or sawed only,
twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On pickets and palings, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
On laths, fifteen cents per thousand pieces.
On all shingles, thirty-live cents per thousand,
On pine clapboards, two dollars per thousand.
On spruce clapboards, $1 50 per thousand.
On house or cabinet lurniture, in pieces or rough,
and not finished, thirty percent, advalorem.
On cabinet wares and house furniture, finished,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On casks and bariela, empty, and on sugar-box
ehooks, and packing-boxes of wood, not otherwise
provided for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to ask aword here
for information of the chairman of the Finance
Committee, referring back to the beginning of
line thirty-three:
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lum
ber of hemlock, white-wood, sycamore, and bass-
wood, one dollar per thousand feet board measure.
I suppose the meaning of that is that on
sawed boards of these different kinds of lum-
ber, or planks of these kinds of lumber, the
duty shall be one dollar per thousand. The
words "white-wood, sycamore, andbass-wood"
limit all t hat. precede?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. That being the case, the
tax is one dollar a thousand feet board meas-
ure, while oil the other varieties of sawed lum-
ber the duty is two dollars a thousand feet
board measure. This latter class, therefore, in-
cludes the pine lumber which is more used than
any other kind of lumber, and I.use the word
lumber in the large sense as including boards.
I think I am right in saying that more white
pine is used than any other kind of lumber or
timber in this country. It is used in every
house that is built, to a large extent. It is
used more largely than any other kind in cab-
inet-work and in carving, so that it is the most
important lumber that we have.
Now, I want to know why it is that the duty
is twice as high on pine lumber as it is on this
other lumber. If it is said that it is in order
t.o protect our Michigan friends who have pine
forests, let me retnaik that other portions of
this country have hemlock and white-wood
and sycamore and bass-wood, and my col-
league and I know very well that Ohio has
more white-wood perhaps that any oiherState.
What the New England peoplecall while-wood
is our poplar; and here is white oak, which
next to white pine is more used than any
other kind of lumber in Ohio, at two dollars
a thousand feet, while hemlock, white-wood,
sycamore, and bass-wood are at a dollar, I
do not exactly understand why the discrim-
ination should be made. It is discriminating
in favor of those who have pine forests and
against those who have other kinds of forests.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague is mistaken
in supposing that there is any effort to discrim-
inate in regard to the different kinds of lum-
ber except as to their value. The value of
hemlock, white-wood, sycamore, and bass-
wood, taken as a whole, is not much more
than half that of other varieties. Pine wood
includes lumber worth fifty dollars a thousand,
and some of the very highest and finestgrades.
In the city of Columbus, where my colleague
lives, if he will inquire he will find that he
cannot buy clear lumber for less than sixty
dollars a thousand. Taken on an average it
might range in Columbus anywhere from fif-
teen or sixteen dollars to sixty dollars a thou-
sand. The purpose was to make a difference
corresponding with the difference in value.
The hemlock wood everybody knows about.
It is a very coarse and comparatively value-
less wood. The white-wood, sycamore, and
bass-wood are used mainly for furniture, and
are brought almost entirely from Canada,
I think. It is a very cheap kind of wood, and
as it warps is of very little value except for
furniture work.
Mr. THURMAN. What the chairman says
is perfectly correct about the greater value of
clear pine. There'is a very g.eat difference
between clear pine and the lowest grade of
pine, which is full of knots. Clear pine is a
pine which is free from knots and cracks of
any kind, and it is very much more valuable
than the lower grades of pine; but here this
bill puts exactly the same duty upo_ the low-
est grade, which you can buy at sixteen dollars
athousand in Michigan, that it does upon the
highest grade, which is worth fifty to sixty
dollars per thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague can prob-
ably buy the best hemlock in Michigan for
eight or ten dollars a thousand, as the Senator
from Michigan will state. With the limited
knowledge I have of lumber I understand that
hemlock is a comparatively valueless timber;
it is only used for scantling, joists, and things
of that kind.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is used largely
for plank on account of the poorness of quality
and its cheapness, so that there is no real com-
petition. The object of the committee, I judge,
in putting the tariff at one dollar was to make
the article as cheap as possible. The chair-
man of the committee has well said in relation
to the other qualities of lumber, pine lumber,
to which the Senator from Ohio has alluded,
that the upper grades are most valuable and
most in use. Away from the principal mar-
kets, as in Ohio and other States, away from
the lakes, that is the kind which is mostly in
use. The old ad valorem rate of twenty per
cent., I think, would bring the tariff to some-
thing like ten or twelve dollars a thousand.
Now, the committee, I understand, have pro-
posed a specific duty of two dollars, which is
less than the old rates. Another object, I
judge, they had in view was to do away with
the undervaluation of lumber, by which the
Canadians in their exportation of lumber to
this country undervalue it for the purpose of
escaping the duty, lowering its price, and thus
also the duty. Now, the committee propose,
upon all grades of lumber that is most in use,
that there shall be two dollars, thus breaking
the force of this attempt to evade the law and
introduce lumber at a less rate of duty.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ames]
asks me the relative price of hemlock. I
think under the ad valorem system it has been
entered at six or eight dollars a thousand,
which is all the lower grades covered under the
term "plank," and "deals," which are very
much the same, being a specific kind of lum-
ber, and "plank" also, well known in the
market, as defined in the paragraph.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
suggests to me the word "deal" is applicable
to some other fabric and use, but that the
lumbermen of Michigan know little about it.
Perhaps those in Vermont know more about
it, and therefore I did not give that considera-
tion to it; but so far as the lumbermen are
concerned, it is well known in the market, and
I say it should be made use of in that sense,
because it is well understood by the dealers in
lumber. I think the committee have wisely
adopted that course for they have accomplished
two objects, one lowering the tariff on lumber
in the same proportion that other articles have
been lowered, and the other striking a method
by which the frauds that have been practiced
are done away with.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to
amend the amendment in line thirty-one, after
the word "all," by inserting the word
" hewn so as to read:
On all hewn timber, squared or sided, not other-
wise provided for, one cent per cubic foot.
Mr. SHERMAN, It is already described.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, no; this makes it
more definite.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no lumber on
the free list except round and unmanufactured
logs; therefore there is no object in putting
in these words, but if the Senators from Maine
think it necessary, I will not object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We think the
description is less liable to be mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. This occurs to me : that a
log in rafting maybe hewn on one side, and it
be still a rough unmanufactured log. They
may be hewn for the purpose of fastening
together.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not the
case. The language that follows is particular:
" squared or sided." This is to make it more
certain. There is a mass of timber that, as I
am instructed, would not be described by
"squared or sided."
Mr. SHERMAN. The lumber section has
been prepared with a good deal of labor after
hearing those who were in favor of free lumber
and those who were in favor of retaining the
old duty; and the classification is made by
skillful men whose interests were opposed to
each other, and after considerable care. With
the imperfect knowledge I have about the
trade in lumber, I should dislike to see the
gradations or descriptions varied. Perhaps
other Senators are more familiar with the sub-
ject than I am.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will say to the chair-
man of the committee that the word "hewn"
would let in square lumber and sawed. If we
only impose a duty on hewn timber, there is
an immense amount of timber that will come
in free, being sawed square.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think my
friend from Maine upon examination will find
that his amendment is not needed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as reported from the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman to an amendment which was
made by the committee on the free list in the
item of quinine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be reached in its order presently. The read-
ing will proceed.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
of the Committee on Finance, which was to
insert after line sixty the following :
On fruit, shade, lawn, and ornamental trees,
shrubs, plants, and flower-seeds, not otherwise pro-
vided for, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On garden-seeds, and all other seeds for agricul-
tural and horticultural purposes, not otherwise pro-
vided for, twenty percent, advalorem.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say I do not like
to see so large a tax put on shade, lawn, and
ornamental trees. There is a reduction, I
know, from thirty to twenty per cent, here;
but I should like to see the reduction still
greater. I know the persons who import
these trees from Europe in large numbers,
counting by the thousands, on which they are
obliged to pay this considerable duty. Now,
it seems to me such importation is to be
encouraged. Does not every neighborhood
gain where a person imports these trees and
plants them on his place? I would therefore
make it easy. I happened to know of certain
persons who have lelt this very severely. In
my own State this tax is felt. On the North
river it is also felt. I have in my mind more
than one person there who has spoken to me
about it. I should like to know why that
might not be reduced still more?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am rather surprised
at the Senator from Massachusetts, wbe,
although not an extreme protectionist, yet
thinks a duty on cotton goods of forty or fifty
per cent, is not very high, or a duty on wool-
ens one hundred per cent., and on everything
produced in Massachusetts 
Mr. SUMNER. I have never expressed
any opinion on one of those questions.
Mr. SHERMAN. These flowers, shrubs,
and all these things are agricultural produc-
tions raised in nurseries, &c. Why should
we reduce the duty below twenty per cent.?
