3004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
• ably opened this discussion, stated that the
argument in favor of protection was based
upon the higher wages paid in this country
for labor ; but that after an examination of
the subject he was satisfied that labor rep-
resented only from twenty to twenty-five per
cent, of the cost of our manufactured articles.
As to iron, lie is widely in error; labor forms
at least eighty per cent, of the cost of its
manufacture. Hence, when I lift my voicc
for this industry and ask that it be saved from
the touch of the '-tariff tinkers," I speak not
for the few, but tor the many.
The country has suffered untold loss from
the want of a settled, stable policy upon this
subject. With the annual threat of a congres-
sional raid upon the tariff capital has been
frightened from full investment, and the pro-
duction of American iron has been greatly
retarded. We have the capital and the raw
material here in abundance ; and if the people
could be assured that Congress would stay its
hand and let things be as they are, months
would scarcely pass until the smoke of new
furnaces would cap our hills wiih golden
clouds, and prosperous labor would open such
mines of wealth as never yet rewarded the
hand of toil.
But the price of iron is now high,and that
is enough. Down must come the taiiff. That
is the panacea. I cannot call such conduct
statesmanship, and hence I will leave it name-
less. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bde-
CHard] really amused me. In his zeal against
irou he lost his knowledge, and this, is a com-
mon failing with zealots. He says that the
production of pig irou in the United States in
1870 was 1,850,000 tons, and with a duty of
seven dollars per ton, the increased cost was
$12,950,000; and then, dividing this sum by
70,000, the number of persons employed in
the business, he claims there was a bounty of
Slbii paid to each person. Now, mark how
plain a tale will put him down !
On the 14th ot July, 1870, Congress passed
"an act providing that from the 1st of January,
1871, the duty on pig iron should be seven 1
dollars per ton instead of nine dollars. Pig
iron was then selling at thirty-five dollars per
ton ; and now, with the duty two dollars less,
it is selling at fifty dollars per ton! If the
tariff alwa} s increases the price I might suggest
this question in '• the single rule of three " to
the gentleman from Illinois : if the reduction
of two dollars in the duty increases the price
of iron fifteen dollars per ton, how much would
the reduction of seven dollars in the duty
increase it V
The gentleman ought not to attempt to feed
the country with such stuff as this. Tlieie is
a reason, and a sound one, for the increase in
the price of iron. The reduction of the duty
in 1870 prevented the erection of furnaces eufli-
cient tomeetthegrowingdemand for iron; and
as a consequence, while there were made in
1869, in the United States. 1,91(3,641 tons of
pig iron, there were made in 1871 only 1.906,-
000 tons, 10,000 less when the demand was
so much greater, that of railroad iron alone
there were 362,000 tons more consumed in
this country iu 1871 than in 18U9. The rea-
son ot the present high price is simply because
the production is not equal to the demand;
and one of the reasons, it not the only reason,
why it is not equal, is that the reduction of
the duty two years-ago prevented the building
01 furnaces and the development of new iron
interests. The demand of the country in-
creased more rapidly than the production of
the country ; and hence scarcity first, and high
prices afterward.
_ If ihe theory of the gentleman from Illinois
is correct, that the tariff ia always added to
the price, and the article thus made so much
dearer, then the reduction of the duty two
dollars on iron should have reduced the price
two dollars per ton; but the price actually
increased fifteen dollars per ton, thus proving
the utter unsoundness and fallacy of the theory.
Whenever we make more iron than we need,
the price will come down without leducing the
tariff; and until we do, we should, by every
proper means, encourage the development of
this great element of national wealth and
strength. We will then have homo produc-
tion, home competition, and, as a crowning
result, cheap American iron.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Upon the shoulders of Pennsylvania are
poured the vials of anti-tariff wrath. She is
the center and the object of the assault. Na-
ture has made her fruitful and strong; her
valleys are gardens; her hills are wealth, and
her mountains fortresses. Heaven has filled
her great bosom with untold treasures, and
to-day, scattering blessings over the homes of
her own people, she invites the enterprise and
capital of the world to come, and sliaie, and
enjoy. If magic fortunes attend upon the
development of her industries,then the high-
ways of the land and the sea are open for all
to seek them.
From her veins has been drawn the life-
blood of the great cities of our sea-board ; and
now having grown rich and strong, like un-
grateful children, they deny and disown the
hand that fed them. Pennsylvania needs no
eulogy. She points to the ^180,000.000 of
internal tuxes alone that she has paid to the
Government in the last nine years ; and then,
with an unselfish piiue, cue lenewb her cov-
enant ot fealty to the nation and its destiny.
Born before the Union, she does not want to
survive it; but giving to its life the virtue and
energy of her own. she clasps by the hand her
sister States, and bids the day star arise, that
the nation rnuv go forward !
Mr. KELLOGG addressed the committee
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Cli airman, we have now
arrived at a point in the legislation of this
Congress where we can discuss a great question
independent of party considerations, despite
the efforts of my colleague [Mr. Kelley] to
drag them before the House. Party shibboleth
can avail us nothing now. The part}' lash
cannot be invoked. There is no "this side"
nor "that side" of the House. Democrats
and Republicans are divided now by new lines.
We are permitted to approach this question
with minds unpiejudiced by party affiliations.
We are now seeking to kuow the truth, not to
obtain party advantage. This is a great gain.
All the important questions of the last twelve
years have been discussed and voted upon
under the disadvantages of party prejudice.
The tariff question is not a party question, and
indeed cannot be made one unless the greedy
gain of one section of the country, seeking its
own selfish ends, shall drive the other poition
of the country into a spirit of indignant oppo-
sition. It is a question of statesmanship, not
of demagogism.
The great diversity of human pursuits, the
varied capabilities of our soil—one portion
being adapted to grazing and wool-growing,
another to manufactures, and another to agri-
culture, have prevented this question from
becoming a party question. The pursuits and
occupations of men are as varied almost
as their mental characteristics. But while
these _ circumstances have served to lift this
question above the level of ordinary political
questions, they have, at the same time, made
the solution of it exceedingly difficult. No I
two men in this House would agree to the I
same bill. The Committee of Ways and I
Means have presented us with two bills, and
we are promised a third. None of the com-
mittee have expressed themselves as satis
hed with this bill; two of them are villing
to accept it as the best that can be done
under the circumstances. Even the gentleman
who reported it [Mr. Dawes] was unseemly
hasty to disclaim any responsibility for the
j same. So far as I am able to analyze this
medietas Ungues committee, three of them
>1 considered the reduction too great, three too
small, two are content, and the chairman,
ij [Mr. Dawes,] who is divided by being opposed
i| to both bills, wants to amend. The abstract
j principles of free trade or protection cannot
j solve the difficulty; if we attempt to apply
H them in all cases, and arbitrarily, we will soon
j! find out our mistake. The question is one of
I; great importance to the people because it con-
jj cerns their welfare.
|j Mr. Chairman, I propose to discuss the fol-
j! lowing questions:
ij First. Ought we to reduce the revenues of
the Government ?
Secondly. If we do, theu how much ought
we to reduce them? and
Thirdly. What shall be the mannerand mode
of reduction ?
That thereshould be a reduction of taxation
needs but a moment's consideration. Not
only does the state of the Treasury allow it,
but the people demand it. No member of
.1 this House dire say that there should be no
i reduction. The President In his last annual
! message recommends it. The Secretary of
i the Treasury in his annual report says :
| "It is practicable to dispense with alt revenue
; from internal sources except that derived from
I stamps, spirits, tobacco, and malt liquors. Thesa
j sources should luraisli for the year 1872-73 a reve-
I Dili! of about one hunched and ten million dollars,
: rnakin;; a reduction of tuxes of 316,000,000. Tborev-
enue trim customs under existing laws, and trom
i lands and miscellaneous sources, would amount to
about two hundred and thirty-three millions more,
;! making a total revenue for that year of 8343 000,000.
" Xhe expenses of the Government, not including
the amount payable on account of the sinking fund,
■ ; aro estimated at, S2T3.02o.773 99.
' "If to this sum be added $50,000,000 for payments
( on account of the pubheucbt, including theamount
: due on the sinking luiid, there remains a balance
i ot about twenty millions within which reductions
; maybe made in the revenue from customs. This
, amount, added to the reductions proposed under the
. internal revenue laws, gives a total reduction of
*36,000,000."
• The Senate bill reported by the Finance
Committee is entitled " A bill to reduce exist-
1 ing taxes." I'he bill under consideration is
! styled "A bill to reduce duties on imports and
to reduce internal taxes." The gentleman
from Pennsylyania [Mr. Kelley] has called
his bill "A bill for the reduction of taxes,"
&c. So that we have all the officials of the
Government, from the highest to the lowest,
with one voice assenting to the demands of
the people for relief.
Our present rate of taxation is the legacy
of wartimes. The manner in which it is levied
and collected is at war with the spirit, of the
times. The present rate of import duties was
not only laid to meet the stern demands of a
war period, but as an offset to internal taxes
levied upon the domestic manufactures. Now
that the war has long since ceased aud the
internal duties nearly ail removed, there can
be no good reason assigned for a continuance
ot these onerous taxes. Besides, a plethoric
Treasury is a standing temptation to Congress
to vote extravagant appropriations.
The second question is, how much of the
burden of taxation can we lift from the peo-
ple ? If the balance-sheet presented by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to the House on the 8th of March last
be correct, there is an end to all further reduc-
tion of taxation. If he was right in his figures,
then we are cutting a sorry figure before the
country now in discussing how much we will
reduce existing taxes. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in his calculation
adds some twelve items to the 8273,025,773,
the_ expenditures for the next fiscal year as
estimated by the Secretary of the Tieasury.
lhese twelve items amount in the aggregate
1S-.J32G,j574,685; estimate of expenditures,
Tra tota' expenditures, §299.600,-
J-'16 estimate of receipts for the next fiscal
year as made by the Secretary is $373,000,000.
ihis sum is reduced by the items of the pro-
