316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
day to the close of the senatorial contest, the
active and earnest friends of my most formi-
dable competitor for the position I now hold.
Bat Mr. Whipple states that the award of
State aid made to this road was illegally given
or pledged. This will be asserted only by
those who can see no meaning in the plainest
provisions of law, and to this luminous and
learned witness belongs the exclusive credit
of discovering what he suspects is in violation
of law.
I ask that the ninth section of the railroad act
of the General Assembly of the State of Ark-
ansas, commencing on page 152, be now read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Sec, 9. Be it further enacted, That nothing herein
shall be construed to prevent said board of railroad
commissioners granting the State aid herein contem-
plated to the whole or any part of any railroad m
the State which may now be unfinished or in process
of construction: Provided, That as soon as this act
shall beratified by the people and the commissioners
shall approve the application of any company which
may be entitled to the benefits of this aet, and they
shall haveeomplied with its provisions, the Governor
shall be authorized to issue the bonds to said com-
pany upon demand therefor, as provided for in this
aot,"
Mr. CLAYTON. Now, there was only one
railroad in the State at the times of the passage
of the railroad law to which the foregoing sec-
tion coald be applicable. There was only one
railroad in the State which was then unfinished
or in process of construction, to use the words
of the law, and that was the Memphis and Lit-
tle Rock road. The completion of this road
was felt by every citizen to be of the first im-
portance, because it would bring the capital,
which is the commercial center of the State,
into immediate communication, by means of
the roads terminating at Memphis, with all
parts of the Union. Hence, in awarding aid,
the commissioners took into consideration the
needs of the company, and gave an amonut
sufficient, in their judgment, to secure the com-
pletion of the road.
As stated in the testimony, the entire length
of this road is one hundred and thirty miles;
and, although the length of the new work
required to be built did not exceed forty-five
miles, this division of the road was a very
expensive portion, and other pardons were
originally so imperfectly constructed that a
large outlay was indispensable to make the
road_available for travel and traffic. There-
fore the commissioners, in their discretion,
gave to this road, then ''unfinished and in
process of construction,1' not aid for the whole
length, as the law would have fully permitted,
but aid to the extent of one hundred and
twenty miles. And I have since been assured
by the officers of this road that but for the
aid so given its construction could not huve
been accomplished.
As to Mr. Whipple's legal opinions or beliefs,
touching the award given to this particular
road, I can only say that the sharp-witted
capitalists who deal in these securities do not
seem to have heard of these opinions and be-
liefs, or else do not attach any value to them ;
for the bonds issued to this very road command
rates higher by fiom ten to fifteen per cent,
than can be had for any other class of secur-
ities issued by the State of Arkansas.
But this astute legal gentleman states that
there were other violations ot' law in the case
of other roads; namely, the Little Rock, Pine
Bluff, and New Orleans railroad, and the Mis-
sissippi, Ouachita, and Red River railroad.
By referring to the law it will be found that
when a certain number of consecutive miles of
road are graded, bridged, and furnished with
cross-ties, and when certificates or affidavits
to this effect are duly filed with the secretary
of State, the State bonds shall thereupon be
issued. Yet Whipple, in total and disgiaceful
ignorance of the provisions of the law which
he attempted to recite and interpret, testifies
that the law authorizes the issue of bonds only
upon the laying of the rails, when it is the evi-
dent purpose of the law to provide by the issue
of the bonds for the purchase of the very rails
which Whipple says must be laid before the
bonds can be obtained. Then the only ques-
tion which remains is, had the Little Rock,
Pine Bluff, and New Orleans railroad fifty miles >
of road graded, bridged, and furnished with
cross-ties, with the proper affidavits thereof
duly filed? Evidently if this had been done,
all had been done which the law demanded.
A reference to the documents on file in the
office of the Governor and secretary of State
show that these precedent conditions had been
fully complied with, and that the issue of the
bonds to this company was in the strictest con-
formity to not only the letter, but the spirit
of the law.
But this witness further testifies with refer- ,
ence to this road that its rails, of which there
were eighteen and a half miles instead of
twelve miles, had been removed and placed
on other roads, evidently intending to convey
the idea that the rails had been removed for a
fraudulent and dishonest purpose. The facts
are, that the railroad company having decided
to change its gauge from a wide to a narrow
gauge, sold its rails in order to substitute a rail
proportioned to the newly adopted gauge ; and
these are facts with which every one at all con-
versant with the affairs of the road was per-
fectly familiar, and were also facts which were
at the time a matter of public record. And
I will add that forty miles of rails are now
in transitu for this road.
Now, as to the levee bonds issued to this
road, under a general law providing for the
building of levees railroad companies were
entitled to receive levee bonds m payment for
the building of such portions of their embank-
ments as would, in the judgment of the Stare
engineer, answer the purposes of a levee. A
few miles of the road came within this pro-
vision of the levee law and received some levee
bonds, the amount of which I do not know,
for as Governor, I had no supervision of the
matter, the whole power in the premises being
lodged exclusively with the commissioner of
public works and internal improvements and
the State auditor.
What amount of money has been expended
upon this road 1 cannot undertake to say, but
if the report of the chief engineer of tbe road
is to be taken against the statements of Whip-
ple, who probably never saw a foot of the
road, but who seems to be as well mformedin
the details of railroad construction as he is in
matters of plain statutory provisions, the cost
of the work to November 15, 1871, was little
short of one million dollars.
The witness referred to seems also to testify
that levee bonds were irregularly issued to the
Mississippi, Ouachita, and JRed River railroad.
This man's chronic propensity to blunder or
wilfully misstate does not here desert him.
Having instituted the necessary inquiries, I
find that not one levee bond has been issued to
this road, neither regularly nor irregularly.
Having thus disposed of the loose-jointed
testimony of Whipple relating to railroads in
Arkansas, 1 must beg the indulgence of the
Senate while I make some general observa-
tions concerning that railroad law with which I
am proud to say my administration in Arkansas
must always be identified, and to the salutary
provisions of which Arkansas is mainly in-
debted for her rapid recuperation from the
losses caused by the war, and for her present
and prospective growth in population and
material resources. The law referred to was
framed by the Legislature, and as required by
the constitution, was submitted to a direct vote
of the people. In the nature of a general law,
and liberal in its provisions, there was yet a
prudent limitation placed upon the extent to
which the State should loan its credit to the
various railroad enterprises seeking its assist-
ance.
Fortunately there was little difference of
opinion in the General Assembly a  to the
{-amount of indebtedness which the Stale could
safely incur, or as to the proportions of that
system of internal improvement which was
essential to the equal development of the dif-
ferent sections of the State, Hence the law
submitted to the people provided for granting
aid to eight hundred; and fifty miles of road ;
this number of miles comprehending all of
the trunk lines of railroad then contemplated
within the State. This law was ratified by the
people by a nearly unanimous vote, all parties
advocating and indorsing it. Thus partaking
of the nature of au organic law, and embody-
ing, I am free to say, my most cherished and
matured opinions, I felt a solemn obligate >n
resting upon me to see that it was faiihtully
executed in letter and in spirit, in order that
the beneficent results which it was designed
to attain might be completely realized. To the
best of my understanding, this 1 have aimed
to do; and I trust and believe that the time
will never come when 1 shall feel ashamed to
have my name associated with the system of
railroad improvement inaugurated under my
administration.
Mr. President, I now desire to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the testimony relating
to the action of Hon. H. C. Caldwell, judge
of the United States district court of the east-
ern district of Arkansas. I do this not for
the purpose of vindicating that distinguished
jurist, for his character is too well established
and too favorably known by many Senators iu
this Chamber, to need any defense from me.
My object is to impeach the testimony of
Whipple, and show that in one instance at
least he has knowingly attempted to mislead
the committee. I read fronj Whipple's testi-
mony on page 62:
"By Mr. Blair:
"Question. You have been recently suspended
from your official position in Arkansas ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I think the date of the sus-
pension was the 31st of May last.
" Question. What do you understand to be the rea-
son lor your suspension from office?
" Answer. The president states that it is on ac-
count of a letter written by Judge Caldwell, tbe
United States district judge for that district, to Sen-
ator Claytoh.
"Question. What was the purport of that letter ?
Answer. I have never seen the letter; bat I
know what Judge Caldwell gays is its purporr and
substance. He stated to me that in that letter he
desired to retract the assurance he had previously
given to Senator Clayton that he was satisfied I
would not use the office of district attorney unfairly
against him; and he wrote that if he were in the
place of Senator Clayton, he would do all he could
to have me removed from office."
I now turn to page 68, and read from his
testimony in answer to the Senator from Mis-
souri :
"Question. You have spoken of a conversation
which you had with Judge Caldwell, and of so mo
letter which he wrote to Governor Clayton- wstn-
drawingcertain assurances he had previ-iusly given?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. What were those assurances?
Answer. All that 1 know about it is what Judge
Caldwell himself told me. He said he had assured
Governor Clayton' that I was friendly toward him,
and would do nothing unfairly against lam. lhat
is what Judge Caldwell stated to me as what he
referred to by ' assurances.'
"Question. When did he give those assurances,
and under what eireunifctanees did he give them ?
"Answer. He said he had given them to Governor
Clayton, in Little Ror-k, at virions times. Hesaid
he had met Governor Claytox on the street several
times; that Governor Clayton had been at his
house and had interviews with him when the matter
of my probable conduct was discussed.
"Question. Was Governor Clayton anticipating
anything of this kind?
"Answer. That of course I do not know. *
"Question. What did Judge Caldwell say about
that?
Answer. He did not state that ho understood that
Governor Clayton was anticipating any prose-
cution ; at least he did not so state to me.
" Question. He did not?
" Answer, No, sir.
" Question, Why was ho called upon to give any
assurances iu reference to your conduct?
"Answer. I am notable to answer that question.''
I now read from his testimony on page Si,
as elicited by the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Pool:]
" Question. The judge had given an ft«su!*auce> to
Governor Ci.aytox that you would not do anything
unfair against him?
"Answer. The judge mid he had given him that
a -:suranee.
" Question, After the finding of thii indictment, or
