264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Kbps.
Condition of the Southern States—Mr. Leach.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
heard in this broad land before will be heard
from the workshops and manufactories where
hundreds and thousands of honest mechanics
and operatives toil day by day. Yes, the cheer-
ful song of the plowman in the cotton-field and
grain growing West will catch the theme and
echo the chorus, which will penetrate its way
through the ice clad hills of tne Rocky mount-
ains, and westward in its course will descend
into the valleys beyond, and make glad the
people and cities of the Pacific coastl
Condition of the Southern States.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. LEACH,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
April 13, 1872.
The House haying met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. LEACH said:
Mr. Speaker : Liberty regulated by law has
ever been the pride and glory of the Amer-
ican citizen. It has been the source and cause
©f his prosperity and happiness. The illustri-
ous founders of our political system, inspired
by the sublimest wisdom and loftiest patriot-
ism the world has ever witnessed, established
the great and fundamental principle of self-
government. of civil and religious liberty,
equality of rights and protection to all. And,
sir, a sacred observance of the Constitution
for so many years, and a legitimate exercise
of the powers therein granted by the coordin-
ate departments of the Government, without
encroachment of one upon the other, always
recognizing with strict justice the rights of the
States, and determined opposition to central-
ization, constitute the well-known causes that
have resulted in the marvelous growth, unpar-
alleled prosperity, and surpassing power and
greatness of the American people. Thus were
the fundamental rights of the individual and
the States established by the fathers of the
Republic. who wisely distributed the powers
of the Government between the three coor-
dinate departments, and nicely adjusted and
limited by proper checks and balances this
partition of'delegated power for the declared
purpose of forming a more perfect Union, and
securing, maintaining, and perpetuating pub-
lic liberty to their posterity forever.
Sir, those were the sublime feelings and
aspirations that inspired the patriotism and
enlarged statesmanship of the framers of the
Constitution of the United States; and, in
my judgment, had it been always sacredly
observed and honestly administered according
to its letter and true meaning, in the same
spirit of generous conciliation in which it was
established, no local nor sectional hostility
would ever have been engendered, and no
collision have taken place, nor blood been
spilled ; but, on the other hand, national pride
and brotherhood, and the glad signs of pros-
perity and greatness would have greeted the eye
everywhere, and the daily proclamation of mil-
lions of free and happy people would have
been '' Peace on -earth and good will toman!"
For, sir, all men of any pretense to sense
or candor know that ever since the foundation
of the Government there has been a large
party and portion of the American people
represented from time to time in the country's
history, and that, too, by able and distin-
guished men, who believed in the right of a
State or States to withdraw from the Union
when continued and persistent encroachments
upon and violations of the Constitution justi-
fied such withdrawal; and while I never
believed in this doctrine, nor belonged to that
school of politicians who did, yet it is equally
well known that the late unfortunate war was
brought on (after the country had previously
passed several threatening crises) by encroach-
ment and invasion of the Constitution, in con-
nection with sectional policy and local rights,
as construed and interpreted by northern and
southern views and influences respectively ;
and neither the charge of "traitor" to the
Constitution, nor other shallow device of the
partisan can longer deceive or mislead the
people in regard to this or any other historic
fact touching the public affairs of the country.
It would, therefore, be well, in my opinion,
for the Republican party, who so flippantly
denounce my section with treachery and fla-
grant violations of the organic law, to remem-
ber that they as a party for the last seven
years, at least, to say nothing of earlier times,
have evinced no respect whatever for the Con-
stitution whenever any of its clauses at any
time have come in conflict with their unjust and
wicked legislation, having for its object the
oppression, degradation, impoverishment, and
plunder of the South, and the destruction of
the liberty and rights of her down-trodden
people.
Sir, the history of Government and civiliza-
tion, whether in ancient or modern times, has
no parallel to this oppression and plunder by
Republican misrule, both national and State,
upon the southern States of this Union since
the war. The vials of Republican wrath have
been cruelly poured out upon those States with-
out stint or cessation for seven long years ;
and in recording the public events of the
period the honest historian will have to say
that naked usurpations of power, flagrant vio-
lations of a written Constitution, and the de-
struction of liberty, and the local and personal
rights of that portion of the Union, were the
rule and order of things, until nothing more
remained than the vestiges of constitutional lib-
erty and States rights. I ask how much longer
is this degrading oppression and grinding des-
potism to continue? Or is there yet medi-
tated by the dominant party a more hopeless
ruin and deeper disgrace for my section and
the State I in part represent? If so, we may
have to bend our necks still lower beneath thg.
galling yoke of a relentless tyranny, but lib
erty will die!
Sir, I desire to be respectful to this body,
but I must speak plainly and fearlessly in be-
half of the State of my birth, and the people
whom I love; whose partiality and generous
kindness to me have been so often tested. The
South has stood voiceless long enough, and I
stand again in defense of my State and sec-
tion. Must we, as a State, be regarded (as
Republican speeches here almost daily indi-
cate) as unfit for fraternal association with
our fellow-citizens of the northern States
until we have sacrified our manhood and tarn
ished our honor by silent and cowardly sub-
mission to wrong and oppression, without
ever raising our voices in behalf of right and
justice? And cannot we speak of political
wickedness and usurpation in high places, or
of corruption and extravagance; of the denial
of personal rights and liberty to the citizen ;
of the suspension of the sacred writ of habeas
corpus, whereby innocent men are deprived
of liberty and incarcerated in loathsome dun-
geons? Cannot a member on this floor, sitting
here of right, as one of the council board of
the nation, speak of these well-attested facts,
either here or elsewhere, without subjecting
himself on every occasion, both here and by
the miserable susidized presses of the country,
to the insulting, untrue, and stale appellation
of "traitor," "Democrat," "Ku Klux,"
"rebel?" And this, too, seven years after
hostilities have ceased.
Sir, North Carolina feels that she is still
one of the elder daughters of the great Ameri-
can family, and in all the higher and sublimer
elements of character the equal of any; because
she has a record and a history that she is justly
proud of, and that cannot be taken away from
her either by her enemies or the ephemeral
politicians of the hour. Sir, the first English-
man that ever landed on the soil of the United
States, the gallant Sir Walter Raleigh, rested
on the shores of North Carolina, on Roanoke
Island, on the 4th of July, (prophetic coinci-
dence,) 1584, before the Pilgrims landed at
Plymouth or Jamestown was settled. The
first child of English parents born in this
country first saw the light on her soil; and
it was of her colonists that Governor Burring-
ton, as early as 1732, in an official dispatch,
said:
"The inhabitants of North Carolina always behave
insolently to their Governors, andsome oftnem tbey
have imprisoned; and all the Governors that ever
were here lived in fear of the rebels (except myself}
and dreaded their assemblies and their love of
liberty."
The first blood of the eolonists ever spilled
was poured out, as a rich libation, in defense
of liberty in Alamance county, in the district
I represent on this floor, on the 7tb of May,
1771 ; and the first declaration of independ-
ence of the British yoke (afterward incorpor-
ated almost literally into the national Decla-
ration) was made and proclaimed at Charlotte
the 20th of May, 177-5.
Such, sir, and so full of historic renown and
sublime heroism, is the State that I in part
represent here, in behalf of whose oppressed
people I speak, and in whose name I plead
with yon, Representatives, to repeal your op-
pressive and punitive legislation. Let her man-
age her own affairs subject to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and grant her
and her southern sisters, now that the war has
ended, all the rights you claim for the other
States of this great Republic. Wayward and
willful, perhaps, she has been; but honor and
virtue still are hers. If her errors have been
great, her suffering and oppression have been
greater. Like a stricken mother, with yearn-
ing heart she stands in silent grief over the
graves of her illustrious children, whose coun-
sel and wisdom she so much needs in her
present dark hour of oppression and degrada-
tion. The mementos of her former glory lie in
ruins around her. The majesty of sorrow sits
enthroned on her brow. Proud of her statesmen
and heroes who sleep beneath her sacred sod,
she cherishes in her heart her living children,
and loving them with a mother's warm affec-
tion she begs them not to forget or forsake
her. And while some of those unnatural chil-
dren are found in the ranks of her enemies
reviling and slandering her, and crying " Cru-
cify her," as one of her humblest children, I
mean in the future, with even more love and
zeal than in the past, to devote my life and
energies and whatever talent'I may possess to
the reestablishment of her rights and liberties
and the promotion of her prosperity and hap-
piness.
There never has been as bad a government
in the history of the world as the radical gov-
ernments of the southern States since the con-
clusion of hostilities ; and yet no reason can
be adduced, no justice be longer found, for
withholding from the southern people the
rights and privileges enjoyed by the people
of the other sections of the Union. The stale
political staple of "Ku Klux," "war," and
"rebel" finds no sufficient justification in
truth for this continued, persistent oppres-
sion ; because every man of any character for
truth or honesty knows that there has scarcely
been a man of any prominence or influence in
the South, and I know of not one in my State,
who has not exerted that influence in the in-
terest of peace and against disorder and law-
lessness, while outrages and violence have
at all times been deprecated and denounced
by every leading citizen of the State. And
while those wicked outrages, whether com-
