2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
And long before the formation of our Consti-
tution this provision found itself imbedded in
the English constitution as the very safeguard
ot' the rights of the people; and thus distinc-
tions were between the House as the popular
body and the Senate as the executive body
now adopted by our fathers from the English
constitution. They looked upon the Senate,
from its formation, to be a perpetual body, a
portion of the Executive. A large portion of
the executive power was given to the Senate
by the Constitution, and a very large other por-
tion has since been arrogated to themselves by
the Senate itself. Therefore this provision was
made in the strongest possible language, to
reform in the hands of the people's Represent-
atives the power of taxation :
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives,- but the Senate may pro-
pose or concur with other amendments, as on other
bills."
The inquiry of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Petjsbs] is, what is the extent of the
power of proposing or concurring with amend-
ments, and where is the constitutional limit
upon the power of the Senate to make amend-
ment? In my judgment, that limit is this:
they may perfect a bill sent them by the
House; they may amend the body of such
bill; they may propose amendments adding
to or reducing the amount of revenue upon
the snbject-matter of the bill, and nothing
further. They must stop there; and whether
it is convenient or inconvenient for them so
to do is not a question submitted to their dis-
cretion or their judgment.
This is the right, and privilege of the House
of Representatives, coming directly from the
people; and therefore it is a right and prerog-
ative of the people themselves. The Senate
has the right to amend a bill which we send to
them by insertion of anything that we would
have a right to do upon a bill which they
might send to us upon a given subject; that is,
to amend that bill in anything belonging to
the body of the bill itself. 1 speak now of
parliamentary right. Suppose they send us a
bill on a particular subject, would it not be an
invasion of their rights if, under the pretense
ot' an amendment, we should send them a bill
embracing an entirely different subject-matter,
not germane to the matters embraced in the
bill which they sent us? Although there may
be no constitutional provision regulating such
proceeding in ordinary bills, yet I asseit that
such action on our part would be a bleach
of the privileges of Ihe Senate; it would be a
proceeding of (he House of which the Senate
would have a right to complain. Legislation
properly proceeds upon the theory that either
House may originate a bill and the other to
exercise a revisory and amendatory power
on the legislative provisions which are fitted
to carry that particular measure in the bill
into effect, and not to ingraft upon the bill
new and independent legislation. To do that
is a sort of legislative trick which is beneath
the body originating it, and insulting to the
body whose bill is thus manipulated.
Suppose the^ Senate should send us a bill in
relation to crimes and offenses against the
United States, and that thereupon we should
send back to them an amendment regulating
the revenue of the Government, would not
any man, even without any constitutional pro-
vision upon the subject, say that that would
be improper legislation, that it would not be
treating the coordinate legislative body with
that respect to which it is entitled ? I submit
that question to the fair judgment of the House
and the country.
How much stronger is the point when the
Constitution for wise reasons, which are famil-
iar to every srudent of our constitutional his-
tory, has provided ihat upon a certain subject
the Senate shall not act in any way as the
originator of measures. To illustrate to the
House that this action of the Senate is a mat-
ter of grave consequence, because it is the
result of a deliberate attempt on the part of
the Senate to usurp a jurisdiction which does
not appertain to them, let me recall attention
to the fact that at the spring session of this
Congress we sent to the Senate a bill for the
repeal of the duties on tea and coffee only.
Thereupon the Senate directed one of its com-
mittees to sit during the recess, whose special
duty it was, not to revise the whole subject of
finance and revenue, but from external duties
and internal taxation ; and the result of that
revision by their committee is now added to
the bill about tea and coffee only, as an amend-
ment, which, in my judgment, and I trust in
the judgment of the House, is a clear depart-
ure from the constitutional rights of the Sen-
ate, and clearly trenches on the constitutional
privileges of the House. I am sorry that fail-
ing voice prevents me from further attempt at
elucidation of this subject.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard.J
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, this is a
question of so grave importance that it ought
not to be passed over in a light or hasty man-
ner. While on the one hand we should sedu-
lously guard the privileges of the House to see
that they are not encroached upon from any
quarter, it is equally important, on the other
hand, that we should preserve the comity
between the two Houses. I would seek to
avoid any course which would tend either to
interrupt that comity or to impair our dignity,
prerogatives, or privileges.
The Constitution, in article one, section
seven, provides that—
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives; but the Senate may pro-
pose or concur with amendments as on other bills."
The rule is so clear that there can be, and
is, no room for construction. The only ques-
tion is whether it applies to this case, and
whether, by the recent action of the Senate
upon House bill No. 15o7, this rule has been
contravened. It matters little what reasons
may have dictated the incorporation of that
provision in the Constitution ; it is there. It
matters little how important or unimportant
gentlemen may suppose it to be; ii is there,
clear aud unmistakable; it is imbedded in
the structure and organization of the legis-
lative branch of this Government, and it is
our duty to execute it, to see that the rule is
maintained in its true spirit and meaning,
that it is not evaded by any formal adherence
to the letter, while the real intent and purpose
are disregarded.
In the early part of this session the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means reported, and this
House passed this bill entitled " An act to re-
peal existing duties on tea and coffee." The
bill in its terms provided—■
That from and after the passage of this act all tea
and coffee imported from foreign countries into the
United States shall be, aud the same are hereby,
admitted free of duty.
It now comes back to us with its title changed
to ''An act to reduce existing taxes." Our
provision for removing the duties from tea and
coffee is amended so that it shall take effect
upon the 1st of July next, and there is an ad-
ditional provision relating to tea and coffee
which may be in store and bonded warehouses
on that day. Then follow sections two, three,
four, five, six, and seven, entirely diffeient,—
different in their subject-matter, and different
in the scope and intent of the legislation which
they contemplate.
The bill we passed had no reference to the
increase or diminution of taxes except infer-
entially and as a consequence. The object
of the House as a matter of fact, and as our
discussions on that day proved, was solely to
admit these two articles of general consump-
tion, tea and coffee, into the country free of
duty. Upon that as a text and pivotal point the
Senate have thought proper to hang a whole
system of financial legislation, looking not
only to a general revision of all our duties
on imports, but also goiug into the internal
tax system and entirely revolutionizing and
remodeling it.
I submit, if this be allowed to prevail as
our interpretation of the constitutional mean-
ing of amendments which may be attached by
the Senate to House bills, then this provision
in the Constitution is a simple nullity. All
the Senate would have to do when it wished to
initiate legislation touching the raising of
revenue would be to take some bill from the
House, no matter what, amend perhaps by
striking out the original and attaching to it
such a measure as they might devise, add a
title to it to suit the matter, and send it back
as an amendment under this provision of the
Constitution. I do not think that is the true
intent, meaning, and spirit of this clause in
the Constitution, and so believing, I am con-
strained, against my inclination and feeling,
to support this resolution. And I confess,
Mr. Speaker, I do so with reluctance. I have
always seen with great pain anything which
looked like a controversy between this House
and the Senate. Under my convictions of the
true spirit and meaning of the Constitution,
I feel compelled to sustain the resolution sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield the remaining
portion of my time to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the position the
House is evidently disposed to take on this
grave question is not one of mere technical-
ities. The restriction in the Constitution is
one of the gravest importance embodied in
that instrument, as has been stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
in order to counterbalance the power of the
Senate. Now, this restriction as to the right
of originating revenue bills is worth nothing
to the House unless it carries with it—and it
seems to me this is the force of the restric-
tion—a limitation of the right of the Senate
to amend. The House has the sole right of
originating revenue bills. If that right is good
for anything, it must carry with it the right of
selecting the objects upon which revenue is to
be raised, and if that is the force of the priv-
ilege given to the House, then the privilege
of amendment must necessarily be restricted
to the subject-matter which the House has
selected and embraced in its revenue bills;
so that, to my mind, the answer to the ques-
tion put by my colleague [Mr. Peters] is
clear and distinct, the construction is literal,
that any amendment of the Senate must be
confined to the subject-matter selected by the
House in the exercise of its prerogative as the
popular body, and to the objects of taxation
which it has embraced in its revenue bill.
In the discussion which arose m 1832 upon
Mr. Clay's resolution, referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, which reported a
revenue bill to the Senate, I find the fol-
lowing words used by Mr. Mangum, a Sen-
ator from North Carolina, showing that that
Senator seems to have struck on this as the
interpretation of the extent of the privilege
of the House. I will read what he says :
"And besides, if there be any meaning in that
part of the Constitution which requires that rev-
enue bills shall bo originated in the other branch
ot Congress, I suppose it to mean that the inline-
dune Representatives of thu people shall be as well
the judges of the proper objects of taxation as of
the amount of the revenue. Indeed, the selection
0 ol$>e,cts <?f taxation is not only the most
undoubted, but, in fact, the most interesting power
ot the other House."
Here is the answer to all questions as to the
limitation of the right of the Senate to amend ;
thai-, amendments of the Senate shall be eon-
fined to the ODjects which the House selects in
whatever bills it may send to the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Thrre minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I yield the floor to any
gentleman who may di sire it.
Mr. W 00D. It, is certainly very creditable
to the House that in a question which appears
