1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3901
Senator from Pennsylvania on flowers. One
would think that he was fresh from the
court of Queeti Titania, where he had been
in the full enjoyment of nature in all hermost
exquisite beauty with flowers of every kind
and every hue. We have all heard him with
delight, and perhaps the Senate will be grate-
ful that 1 have given him the opportunity of
presenting these very beautiful remarks. I
will withdraw the suggestion I made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the reading proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw the
amendment,?
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, of the Committee on
Finance was to insert as Hues sixty-seven to
seventy five of section one:
Ou lead, in bars or pigs, one and one half cents
per pound.
On lead dross, as lead ore, one cent per pound.
On lead in sheets, pipes, or shot, two and one
fourth cents per pound.
On lead, molten, one and one lialf cents per
pound.
On lead, old, and fit only for remanufacture. one
cent per pound.
On lead ore, one cent per pound.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to make line sixty-
seveti read ''two cents per pound" instead
of "one and one half cents per pound." I
believe that was the conclusion the House
came to, two cents per pound on lead in bars
or pigs, but here it is reduced to one and a
half cents. I have no disposition to discuss
this question ; but it does seem to ine that the
people of the Northwest especially, where lead
is pioduced and manufactured, might as well
be considered as manufacturers in other parts
of the country. This is reducing the duty to
a very low rate. It is well known by all per-
sons who have examined the question that the
production o( lead in this country does not
equal mie third part of the lead used here. At,
least three fourths of the lead used in this
country is imported lead. There are very few
districts m this country that are largely inter-
ested iu the production of lead. Two of them,
however, happen to be within the State of
Illinois wheie I reside. A very large produc-
tion is in the northern part of the State of Illi-
nois. Inasmuch as this tariff question is being
understood now to depend upon the locality
from which a person conies as to his views on
the tariff, and as I am beginning to believe
that,, as far us the lead question is concerned,
I am a tarilf man, especially so far as the
not them district of my State is concerned,
because they are engaged in producing it. 1
do not, know but what refeiringit to the con-
gressional districts to regulate the tariff is a
pielty good idea. [Laughter.] At any rate 1
think two cents is not, too much per pound on
lead. I should be very glad if the Senate would
have the some view m reference to it. 1 do
not want to discuss it. I ask for a vote.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois to move to strike out that item.
I see tiie present duty on lead in pigs or other
bars is two cents a pound, which is what he
proposes to put it at. If he stiikes out this
item it will leave it stand as it is.
Mr. LOGAN. I was not exactly aware of
the position of the House uutil I asked, when
I learned that the House proposition was two
cents a pound. I therefore move to strike it
out, leaving it as at present in the law. I
move to sttiiie out lines sixty-seven and sixty-
eight.
Mr. SHERMAN. If these lines are stricken
out all the items 111 regard to the manufacture
of lead should be stiieken out. They go to-
gether down to line seventy-five. They are
all one amendment. As a matter of course,
1 can have no feeling about this except to
state the facts. In 184G tlie duty on lead was
twenty per cent., which would probably be
about half a cent a pouud. In 1857 it was
fifteeen per cent. In 1861 it was put at one
eent a pound, and that was considered a pretty
high tariff. In 1861, 1862, and 1863 it was
put at one and one half cents a pound. In
1864 to the close of the war, when metals were
advanced, it was put for the first time at two
cents a pound, which was a little over fifty
per cent, ad valorem. Now, when we are
reducing the tax on other articles, we propose
to restore the duty on lead to one and one
half cents a pound, which is as high as it ever
was up to 1864. Besides that, I regret to say
that even under the benefit of this very heavy
protection of two cents a pound, or over fifty
per cent, ad valorem, our domestic production
of lead has not increased. For some reason,
I do not know why, even a protection so high
as that has not increased the quantity pro-
duced. Our domestic production of lead has
continually diminished, aud there is not now
enough lead produced in this country to sup-
ply the wants of the country for lead west of
the State of Indiana.
The whole amount produced in 1870. accord-
ing to the official returns 1 havebefore me, was
about 17,840,000 pounds; in 1871, 16,792,000.
It is constantly diminishing, while the import-
ations from abroad have been constantly in-
creasing. In 1850 they were 36.000,000 ; iu
1861 they were 89,000,000; in 1871 they were
92,636,000 pounds. So that in order to pro-
tect a languishing industry, yielding now but
16,000,000 pounds, we levy taxes upon a con-
sumption of over 100,000,000 pounds of lead.
It is manifest that it is not right to do this.
The Committee on E'inauce therefore report a
reduction of one half cent a pound on lead,
reducing it to the highest rato it was from
1842 till 1864. It seems to me that while we
are repealing taxes we ought to throw off a
reasonable amount ou this interest. Besides,
we have placed manufacturers of lead, not only
of while lead, but sheet lead, at, a reducuon
of ten per cent. all around. As a matter of
course, this industry, like any other, should
bear its reasonable and fair proportion. The
reduction on pig lead is just about twenty-five
per eent. ad valorem, or one quarter of the
present duty.
I will say also that this classification of lead
was made after listening to persons interested,
both in favor of the reduction of duty on lead
and in favor of the manufacturers of lead. We
think it is about a fair adjustment of that con-
troverted question. The manufacturersof lead
desired the duty reduced still more, to one
cent a pound. Indeed, some asked us to admit
lead duty free, stating that the effect would be
that they would be able to furnish tin for roof-
ing and a great variety of useful articles at a
much less price than now. But we considered
it necessary to give to the producers of Jead in
this country a reasonable protection, about the
average of what is put upon other mentis, and
hence we have put it at one and a halt' cents
per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is ou the amendment of i ho Senator from
Illinois to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
ilr. LOGAN. In line seventy-five, I move
to amend the amendment by adding ''on
white and red lead, dried or ground in oil, two
and a fourth cents per pound."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thatisright;
it ought to he so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Three cents, I believe, is
the present duty; but I have no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 think the
Senator from Illinois is quite right, if we
reduce the duty on raw lead half a cent per
pound, the other ought to be reduced so as to
make them staud relatively the same as they
do now.
The amendment to the amendment was
to.
The amendment of the committee, as
amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert as lines seventy-six to
seventy-nine of section one:
On ginger, three cents per pound:
On ginger, preserved or pielded, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem;
On ginger, essence of, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment by inserting after the
word '"ginger," in the first clause, the word
'•ground." We make ginger loot fiee, as it
will be seen, and this should be ''ginger,
ground."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. *
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as lines
eighty and eighty-one of section one, "on
cocoa, prepared or manufactured, two cents
per pound."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
insert before the word " cocoa," the word
" chocolate," which seems also to have been
omitted. It is the same article, only prepared
in a different way. It will then read " on
chocolate or cocoa prepared or manufactured,
two cents per pound."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of
Finance was in section two, to strike out in
line one the words " day and year when this
act shall take effect," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words "1st day of July, 1872;" so
as to read:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1872, in lieu
of the duties imposed by law on the articles iu this
section enumerated, thereshafl fie levied, collected,
and paid on the goods, wares, and merchandise in
this .section enumerated and provided for, imported
from foreign countiies, ninety per cent, of the sev-
eral duties and rates of duty now lmuosed by law
upon said articles sevtraily, it being the intent of
this section to reduce existing duties on said arti-
cles ten per cent, ol such duties, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line fifteen, to insert before the word "ani
mals,'' the word '' like f' so as to read:
On all wools, hair of the alpaca goat, and other
animals, aad all manufactures wholiy or in part of
wool or hair of the alpacit and other like animals.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am informed
by the Treasury Department that that word
"like" ought not to be inserted. It causes
some confusion there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, let it go out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I received a dispatch
from persons who are laigely engaged in man-
ufacturing hair-cloth and in woolen manufac-
tures, saying that that word "like" should be
in, and requesting my good offices to have it put
in, and I was about to move to put it in when
[ sa.w that, the committee had reported it.
Perhaps it ought, to be passed over until we
reach the bill in the Senate, and the Senator
from Vermont, in the mean time can see the
Secretary of the Treasury and learn the object
of leaving it, out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I can inform
the Senator from Rhode Island at once what
it is. There is a kind of cheap so-called
woolen goods that are absolutely made of
cow's hair, that come in a very coarse mate-
rial. 1 do not think it refers to anythingelse.
It is merely to prevent a fraud that is prac-
ticed by substituting the hair of animals and
having the article sold here as a woolen fabric
when there is very little wool about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think even.a
custom-house officer would call a cow a "like
animal" with the alpaca.
Mr. EDMUN DS- The question is whether
a naturalist .would not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I..confess that I am not
