1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1213
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KERR. I call for the reading of the
bill just introduced.
The bill was read.
pardons by territorial governors.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, introduced
a bill (H. 14. No. 1734) to confer additional
powers upon the Governors of the Territories
of the United States in granting reprieves and
pardons, and commuting the punishment of
pei sons convicted of offenses against the laws
of such Territories; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
supreme court of arizona.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1735) to provide for
holding adjourned terms of the supreme court
of Arizona ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
bankruptcy act amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 173G) to amend an
act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,'
approved March 2, 1867," approved June 30,
1870; which was read a first and second
time, referred Nto the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
montana territory.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1737) to provide for the payment of deficien-
cies in the appropriations tor legislative and
other expenses in the Territory of Montana
during; the current fiscal year ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mitiee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
2jrinted.
montana militia vouchers.
Mr. CLAGETT also presented a joint mpmo-
lial of the Legislative Assembly of Montana,
praying for an appropriation to pay what are
known as the Montana militia vouchers ; which
wits referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
increased pensions to soldiers andseamen.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1738) allowing totally disablnd soldiers
and seamen increased pensions; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
utah railroad mining and land company.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1730) granting a charter to the Utah
Railroad and Mining and Laud Company;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the bill be read at
length.
The bill was read at length, was referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining, and
ordered to be printed.
CIVIL rights.
The SPEAKER. The States and Terri-
tories having been called for bills and joint
resolutions for reference, the remainder of the
morning hour will be for resolutions, bills, &c.,
for consideration at the present time, and the
House resumes consideration of the bill pre-
sented under this call on Monday last by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuye,] a bill (H.
R. No. 1637) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act to protect all citizens of the United
States in their civil rights, and to furnish the
means for their vindication," passed April
9, 18CG; the House having disagreed to the
motion that the bill be rejected.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 desire to move that the
bill be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be again
reported.
The bill tvas again read.
Mr, ELDREDGE. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Frye.] It is not our purpose to take up the
morning hour, but we can do so, as the gen-
tleman well knows, occupying the whole of
it by dilatory motions. But if the gentleman
will consent to the reference of the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, I tbinkthat will
be satisfactory to this side of the House. The
time then wil! not be taken up which other-
wise will necessarily be occupied in the mo-
tions which we have made up our minds to
make for the purpose of using up the morning
hour. We feel that to pass such a bill as this
without debate is a thing we cannot permit
while we have the power to prevent, it.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Then I object to debate.
Mr. FRYE. I desire to say that as I intro-
duced this bill at the request of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] 1 did not
reserve to myself any right to change or mod-
ify it, as I might desire to do, or to make any
arrangement to obviate the filibustering which
seems to have been determined upon on the
other side.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been twice
read, and tbe question is on ordering it to be
engrossed and read a third time, pending
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nib-
lack] moves that the bill do lie on the table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. As the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Frye] does not assume the re-
sponsibility of controlling and managing the
bill, 1 would like him to say whether he will
not consent to have it referred to the Commit-
tee ou the Judiciary?
Mr. FRYE. I will not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. And pending that I
desire to move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. As the morning hour will
expire in four minutes, a motion to adjourn is
not necessary to accomplish the object of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge.]
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the reading
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to do that.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 89, noes 90.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldredge
and Mr. Soofield were appointed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest,
as a means of saving time, that the morning
hour expires in two minutes, and that a vote
by tellers would exhaust it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn, and upon that motion I ask
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldredge
and Mr. Soofield were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-one, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until Monday
next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move thatthe
rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor
to-day lo have order. The Chair begs leave
to say that he regards the two last Monday
afternoons' sessions as a scandal to legislation,
and if members will sustain lain it will not be
repeated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield fur a
few moments to allow bills to be introduced
by members who were not here when their
States were called.
ciiaklicst0wn navy-yard.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1740) to compensate
the city of Charlestown, Massachusetts, for
expenses incurred in curbing and paving the
sidewalks of the street adjacent to the navy-
yard at Charlestown; which was read a first
and second time, ■ referred to tbe Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
claims for pensions.
Mr. BANKS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1741) declaring
all reports relating to claims for pensions to
be official and open to the inspection of offi-
cers of the Government; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
widows of veteran officers.
Mr. BANKS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1742) to increase
the pensions of widows of deceased officers of
the Army who had been at the time of their
decease more than forty years in the service
of the Government; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
washington and alexandria railroad.
Mr. BANKS also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be iastructed to inquire and report to this
Houae, by bill or otherwise, what, measures are
necessary to remove the locomotive railway track
immediately in front of the west front of the
Capitol.
foreign commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1743)
for the encouragement of the foreign coin-
mercc of the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
immigration.
Mr. SHELLABARGERalso, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1744) to
promote immigration to the United States
and for the protection of immigrants; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
medical purveyor.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1745) to provide
for the designation of a chief medical pur-
veyor; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
pleasure-yachts.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1746) relating to
pleasure-yachts; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
district game laws.
Mr. ROOSEVELT also, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1747) for the
protection of birds and fishes in the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of potomac.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1748) to per-
manently improve the Washington channel;
which was read a first and second time , referred
to tbe Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
UNITED Si'ATiiS AND CUBA STEAMSHIP LINE.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, by request and
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
