1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
about the time it-was found, after the presentation
of the case to the grand jury, he wrote a letter to
Governor Clayton withdrawing that assurance?
" Answer. Yes, sir. He says that was the assurance
to which he referred in that letter.
" Question. You think the judge, then, was under
the impression that you were disposed to act unfairly
toward Governor Clayton?
"Answer. He says he was under that impression."
I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have
read; a letter from Judge Caldwell himself,
which will show not only what the nature of
these assurances were, but how it came that
they were given by Judge Caldwell.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Little Book, November 27, 1871.
Bear Sir : You handed me a copy of the evidence
of Mr. Whipple before the Senate committee, at the
same time expressing surprise at and calling my
attention to that part of his evidence relating to an
interview between you and myself in relation to Mr.
Whipple. Your astonishment at the disingenuous
use attempted to be made of that interview is not
greater than my own.
I will state fully and distinctly all that ever
occurred between us in reference to Mr. Whipple,
and how it came about that I said anything at all to
you about him.
A day or two after your second election to the
Senate, I was in Mr. Whipple's office, (which is also
the "judge's chambers,") when he turned to me
and said, "Judge, what are your relations with Gov-
ernor Clayton?" to which I replied, "Friendly, so
Jar as I know." Mr. Whipple then said, "I have
taken a pretty active part against him in the sena-
torial fight, not because X had anything against
him, but because I felt it my duty to do what I could
for my friends to whom I amindebtedformy place;
but the fight is over, he has beaten us, and so far
as I am concerned, I do not feel called upon to
continue the fight against him any longer, and I
will not unless forced to do so in self-defense."
Ithen said to him, " Well, what can I do for you?"
to which he replied, "If you feel free to do so, I
wish you would see Clayton, and see how he feels
toward me. He is probably incensed at me for the
part I have taken in the fight, and may suppose
it is my purpose to continue the war." In reply I
said to Mr. Whipple that I would see Governor Clay-
ton and explain to him hisCW.'s) present feelings and
purposes, and use whatever influence 1 might have
to prevent you from attempting his removal. In
compliance with this request of Mr. Whipple I did
call to see you the night before you left for Wash-
ington to take your seat in the Senate. Soon after
going into your room you said to me, "Well, judge,
what can I do for you in Washington ?" to which I
replied, "I have nothing to ask for myself, Gov-
ernor, but I have come to talk with you about my
friend Whipple." I then repeated what Mr. Whip-
ple had said to me, and added my own personal assur-
ance that I was satisfied he did not propose to take
part in the fight against you any longer, and that
you might rely upon his acting with perfect justice
and impartiality personally and officially. Your reply
to me was in substance, "that you regarded him as
your political enemy; that he was one of the men
whom you proposed to have removed at once if you
could, but that you did not want to do anything that
would be personally offensive to me; that if you
thought he would ce^se his war upon you and would
act fairly and impartially you would not try to have
him removed, but that you believed he was a tool in
the hands of your enemies, and that ho would use his
official position to secure them and make political
capital for them without regard to law or justice."
1 again renewed my assurances that he would act
with integrity, justice.andimpartiality, to which you
replied, "That is all I want; if he will cease his war
on me and attendtothedutiesof his office,fairly and
impartially, I will be satisfied." This is the sub-
stance, and, I believe, almost the exact words of that
interview. , . .
Some two or three weeks after this interview,
and while you were at home in the recess ot the
►Senate, meeting you on the street one day you said
to me, "Well.judge,do you still indorse your dis-
trict attorney?" to which I replied that I did. You
then said I was mistaken in his character, that he
was deceiving and imposing upon me, and that his
partisanship and partiality were so_ palpable that
you were surprised to find me indorsing it. At this
point our conversation was interrupted by some one
coming up. .
The two conversations I have given are the only
ones that ever occurred between us in relation to
Mr. Whipple or his personal or official action.
Some three weeks after meeting you in the street I
became fully satisfied, from my own observation, and
information otherwise obtained, that to stand longer
in the attitude of indorsing Mr. Whipple, as I had
done, would not only place me in a false position
with you, but put me in the attitude of indorsing all
his acts, which I did not do. Hence I wrote you,
withdrawing the assurances I had given you, and
leaving you. so far as I was concerned, free to fight
it out between yourselves. #
And now this interview had with you, not at your
solicitation nor in your interest, but as a friend to
Mr Whipple and in bis interest and at his solicita-
tion and request, Mr. Whipple attempts to torture
into an interview in reference to some contemplated
official action against you.. He, does not say so in
terms, but on page 68 of his printed testimony, in
answer to the question, "Why was he (Caldwell)
called upon to give any assurances in reference to
your conduct?" he answers, "I am not able to an-
swer that question." Referring to this question
and answer in the presence of Mr. Wheeler, and
expressing my astonishment at the answer in view
of the facts, Mr. Wheeler informed me that Mr.
Whipple had told him he never solicited me to see
you in his behalf. I immediately invited Mr, Wheeler
to go with me to see Mr- Whipple, which he consented
to do, and upon confronting him and calling his
attention to the facts I have detailed* he admitted
them at once, as you will see by reference to Mr.
Wheeler's correete'd evidence. It is needless for me
to say that I never heard of any proceedings or con-
templated proceedings against you until weeks after
I last saw you, nor indeed until aday or two before
the indictment was brought into court, and that the
proceedings against you did not influence my official
action in any respect.
There are other erroneous statements and import-
ant omissions in Mr. Whipple's evidence, but I for-
bear noticing them, I feel, however, that it is due
to you as well as myself to correct the very unjust
and erroneous impressions attempted to be conveyed
on account of my interview with you, had at Mr.
Whip pie's request, and for the purpose of influencing
you not to ask for his removal upon personal or polit-
ical grounds. If eitherMr. Whippleoryourself had
any idea that you personally was to be prosecuted
or proceeded against in anyway whatever, you were
both careful to conceal the fact from me.
Your obedient servant,
HENTtY C. CALDWELL.
Hon. Powell Clayton.
Mr, CLAYTON. I now desire to have read
so much of a certified copy as bears upon this
subject, of a sworn statement of the witness
Wheeler, the original of which was sent to the
chairman of the Committee on Southern Out-
rages, for the purpose of correcting his testi-
mony. 1 think as time rolls on, and the facts
are developed, he will desire to correct much
more of it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows ;
Gentlemen: Since my return homo I have been
shown a copy of my testimony, (printed,) and I find,
on reviewing it, that there are several matters which
I now wish to correct, as I had no oppouunity then,
my testimony not being read to me. Herewith I
make the corrections which I wish added to my
testimony. ********
On page 58 of the same printed testimony I am
made to answer m response to a questiou by Mr.
Blair, " and that after the indictment had been
found, he (Caldwell) wrote a few lines to Senator
Clayton, withdrawing the assurance he had given
him/' to which should be added the words " in rela-
tion to Whipple." * * * * * *
On same page (58) in answer to the following ques-
tion by Mr. Blair, "From what you have already
stated it would appear'that there had been conver-
sation between Judge Caldwell and Governor Clay-
ton, in reference to some apprehended action of the
grand jury," I am made to answer "Yes, sir, some-
thing of the kind seems to have been anticipated by
SenatorCLAYTOJf." I desire to correct this, by stat-
ing that since my testimony was taken before the
committee, I have learned from both Judge Cald-
well and Colonel Whipple that the conversation here
alluded to and which was the first conversation had
between Judge Caldwell and Senator Clayton, was
at the suggestion of Colonel Whipple, and referred
to Whipple's political opposition to Clayton, and
not to any apprehended action of the grand jury.
******* * * *
On same page, (60,) in answer to the following
question by tho chairman, "Assurances of what
character?" I wish to correct my answer to that ques-
tion by confining it to the case of Whipple alone,
and that the assurances here spoken of were given
on the suggestion of Colonel Whipple, and^ at the
first interview between Jadge Caldwell and Senator
Clayton, as I have before stated in my corrections
hereto.
On page 61 of my testimony in answer to the fol-
lowing question bjy Mr. Pool, " You say that Judge
Caldwell assured Governor Clayton that these men
would not continue their persecutions of him (Clay-
ton,) that they would drop the matter," I wish to
correct my answer by confiningic to tbecase of Col-
onel Whipple alone, and to explain that by answer-
ing as I did, I meant to say that Whipple would
drop his political fight or opposition against Senator
Clayton.
Yours, respectfully, WHEELBR,
Hon. Bonn tors Scott, Pool, aad Blair, Sub-Com-
mittee on Southern Outrages.
Mr. CLAYTON. Now, Mr. President, from
the letter of Judge Caldwell and the corrected
testimony of Wheeler, it appears that these
assurances about which so much has been said,
and concerning the origin of which Whipple
seems so profoundly ignorant, gaining as be
would have you believe, all his information
from Judge Caldwell, and expressing himself
as being unable to answer why they were given,
originated with him,, Whipple, in his own inter-
est, and at his solicitation were conveyed by
Judge Caldwell to me.
If Whipple had been actuated by a desire
to tell the truth, and keep nothing back; when
asked •' Why was he (Judge Caldwell) called
upon to give any_ assurances in reference to
your conduct?" instead of replying, "I am
notable to answer that question," he would
have answered thus: "It was at my request.
I, Whipple, induced him to go to Governor
Clayton as my friend, and say to him that
although I had taken an active part in the
senatorial fight against him, I did it because I
felt that I owed a debt of gratitude to the gen-
tleman who secured my appointment, and not
becanse I had anything against him; that he
has beaten us, and the fight is now over, so
forasl, Whipple, am concerned." Ifthis,which
would have been Whipple's true answer, had
been given how readily would the motives of
J udge Caldwell have been understood in writing
to me and withdrawing assurances formerly
given, after he became satisfied that Whipple
was not using his official position with fairness
and impartiality toward me and my political
friends; but as his testimony now stands, I
will venture to say that ninety-nine persons
out of one hundred, upon reading it, would
conclude that either Judge Caldwell had vol-
unteered, without consulting Whipple, to give
assurances of his future course, or that they
were given to quiet apprehensions of mine of
prospective prosecutions.
Now, I ask how much reliance can be placed
upon the testimony of such a witness, and is he
a proper person to occupy the high and import-
ant position of United States district attor-
ney '! It has been said that the marshal and
attorney were removed by tho President on
account of the indictment found against me,
and the Democratic press have declared that
the district attorney Whipple, was removed at
my solicitation, to prevent him from prosecu-
ting my case before the eourt. So far as the
mart-hull is concerned the testimony of neither
witness goes to establish that assertion, but, on
the contrary, Wheeler, in his testimony on page
60, says:
" Nobody ever knew why General Gatterson was
removed."
And on page 61 he testifies as follows :
" Quest ion. Then it was not the mere fact that this
indictment was found that led Governor Clayton
to have uiese men removed?
" Awcev. Yop,sir; he had been trying before and
failed, because Judge Caldwell had telegraphed to
the President, through the attorney general, that
he saw no reason for their removal."
The assertion that I had Whipple removed
to avoid his prosecution in my case before the
United States court, is refuted by the fact,
which is not geneially known, that at my sug-
gestion the newly appointed district attorney
procured Whipple to conduct the prosecution
in that case, and that Whipple, aided by an
eminent lawyer of his own choice, did conduct
the prosecution throughout.
But, Mr. President, I do not propose to dis-
cuss the cause of the suspension of these two
officers at this time ; that question will, proba-
bly, come before the Senate in a few days ; upon
the confirmation of their successors. At that
time I will undertake to show that there was
just and sufficient cause for their suspension,
and that there are grave reasons why they
should not be reinstated.
There are many othet misstatements in this
testimony to which I would like to allude, but
these remarks have already been lengthened
far beyond my original intention and desire.
1 will therefore conclude by saying that every
charge and insinuation contained in this testi-
mony which reflects upon me either directly
or indirectly can be refuted, and I pledge my-
self to do it if an opportunity is offered me.
I have asked the committee before which this
testimony was taken to give me that oppor-
tunity, but for reasons which were doubtlessly
sufficient, it has seen fit to pursue a different
