38Y2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26#
42d Cong....2d
Condition of the Southern States—Mr. Leach.
Ho.ofBeps.
mitted by secret bands of Ku Klux, Union
Leagues, Heroes of America, or by desperate
individuals, have been reprobated by the great
bulk of the good citizens everywhere, and have
been unfortunately of too frequent occurrence,
jet it cannot be denied, for the fact is patent
to the country, that more than twice as many
crimes and felonies (and some of them scarcely
known in my section) are committed in north-
ern than in southern States. And yet this false
clamor is kept up solely for party effect, and
the whole country knows it. This and the
continued oppression of the South by unwar-
ranted usurpation of power and intermeddling
with the internal affairs of the States, (thus
building up a great centralized government;)
the imposition of more burdensome taxes upon
the people generally, and especially upon the
South, than was ever levied by any Govern-
ment on earth; reckless extravagance and
widespread corruption in every department
of the Government—these constitute the lead-
ing features and prominent measures of this
Administration.
Sir, in corroboration and proof of the gen-
eral propositions laid down and arguments
adduced in these remarks, I proceed briefly,
but more in detail, to establish what I have
said by official documents, figures, and facts,
. and high Republican authority, I find from
the finance reports of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I have before me, the start-
ling fact that since the beginning of the fis-
cal year 1865 up to the end of the present fis-
cal year, now nearly expired, there will have
been levied and collected in taxes out of the
people of this nation from the tariff, internal
revenue, and other sources of revenue, the
enormous Sum of$3,200,107,043 13! In round
numbers say, $3,000,000,000. Daring this
period there has been paid on the public debt
$612,679,569 26 interest, and less than three
hundred (about two hundred and ninety) mil-
lions on the principal of the debt. I have all
the figures before me. Thus it will be seen,
and i call the attention of the country to the
fact, that the Republican party, largely in the
majority in both Houses of Congress for the
last ten years, has expended since 1865 over
two thousand million dollars, exclusive of
payments of principal and interest on the
public debt, averaging an annual expenditure
of $300,000,000.
Sir, it has been truly said by a distinguished
Republican, ay, sir, by intelligent men of
both parties, that had economy and honesty
in office prevailed, and these mighty resources
been utilized and properly applied, and all the
moneys collected from the tax-ridden people
found its way to the Treasury, there would
have been paid on the public debt, instead of
$300,000,000, $1,000,000,0001 And yet, sir,
we witness the shallow device, to be kept up I
suppose until the next presidential election,
of monthly statements of payments on the
public debt to deceive the people ; as it (over-
burdened with unjust taxation) they did not
know the public debt was being reduced, and
that if the immense sums wrung from their
labor were honestly applied the whole debt
would be paid off in a few years.
Sir, it is not the Administration, but the
people, that are paying, and that have to pay
this debt. They know this ; they feel it;
and they groan beneath the excessive burdens
laid on them to meet it, only a small portion
of which (they are beginning to learn) is ap-
plied to that purpose. They expeot to pay
the debt, but they want time; time to .de-
velop their industrial resources, improve their
farms, beautify their homes, build up the
country, regain their prosperity, and educate
their children, ^.nd they want the time for
its ultimate extinction extended, so as not to
cripple and embarrass too much the present
generation, but to leave a fair proportion of it
to posterity. And hence it is that the people,
instead of expressing commendation of the
Administration in this regard, have just cause
for condemnation.
Look at the civil service, the exposure of
which would, require a long speech in itself j
but I must stop to say thatthe immense amount
1 improperly expended, the corruption, extrav-
agance, incompetency, bribery, defalcation,
and- plunder in it, as disclosed by investiga-
tion and reports of the commission and of
committees, appointed, too, in the interest of
the Republican party, are perfeptly appalling,
both here and in New York, and throughout
the country. Why, sir, the twelve or fifteen
million swindle of the Tammany " ring" pales
before the lurid glare of the $160,000,000 of
the Republican "whisky-ring" swindle and de-
falcation but recently unearthed ; and let it be
remembered that the former sum is taken from
the residents of the wealthiest city in the world,
while the latter comes from the pockets of the
over-taxed people of this widespread country.
Under authority of an act of Congress pro-
fessing for its object civil service reform the
President appointed a board of commission-
ers, whose report is before the country, mak-
ing the astounding disclosure that on account
of the imperfections and abuses of this service
more than $100,000,000 of the people's money
were annually lost to the country, being an
average of one fourth of the entire revenue
of the Government. An able committee has
been raised in this House on this matter of
civil service reform, so vastly important to the
American people as tax-payers; and this House
is entertained and regaled by a distinguished
Republican member of this committee, [Mr.
Perry,] in the course of remarks submitted
by him, in the following language :
"Considerable individual interest among members
appears to be felt in it, but the tendency to legis-
lative action upon it is not vehement."
Thus, sir, are the people of this great coun-
try, who bear these merciless burdens, trifled
with, so that it is coming to be understood
that all this talk of civil service reform is a
mere sham and pretense, to be kept up until
after the presidential election, and then, with
other pledges of reform, abandoned. Sir, the
Administration, without any further legisla-
tion, has the power to check, ay, to cure this
cancerous evil of the body-politic that is eat-
ing out the vitals of the country, by the simple
process aud remedy of peremptorily dismiss-
ing from office, throughout the length and
breadth of the country, every man of the many
thousands of dishonest, corrupt, profligate,
rapacious, extravagant, defaulting, peculating,
incompetent officeholders with which the land
everywhere abounds and is infested, and fill-
ing their places with men of honesty and
capacity, thus elevating, purifying, and enno-
bling, so to speak, the official and moral
standard of the nation. Let this be done, and
more than one hundred million dollars annu-
ally would be saved to the people that is now
lost. Ought a party to be longer retained in
power when official reports of its own friends
and agents disclose such wasteful extravagance
and corruption ? Let the country answer.
Another civil rights bill has been introduced
in the Senate, and in this House, the provisions
of which not only shock the sensibilities of the
South, and indeed fair-minded men of all sec-
tions, but also will still more degrade and
enslave the white people of my Section of the
country. It professes to be in the interest
of the colored race, and yet the great bulk
of them (certainly in North Carolina) would
greatly deprecate the passage of such an act
as positively injurious to them. And l venture
the prediction, that with the expeption of the
oolored politicians, few will be found to fevor
this outrageous bill, for they' want their own
churches, schools, public houses, and places
of amusement apart and separate from those
of the white race; and this bill, if passed and
practically carried out, would close tie public
schools, the hotels, and the churches of the
southern oountry, or admit both' races inter-
changeably to all. There would be no other
alternative.
Sir, the country has asked for amnesty.
This feeling—the propriety and justice of re-
moving the political disabilities of at least the
great bulk of those laboring under them—has
found a response and an echo from every
portion of the Union. The President rec-
ommended it in his annual message ; this
House has passed bills at least three times
removing the disabilities of more than nine
tenths of all persons under them. These bills
go to the Senate, and there they lie on the
table, and seem likely to remain, while, strange
to say , the most distinguished Republican lead-
ers of that august body, the recognized mouth-
pieces of the President, who. by a word or even
nod, could pass any or all those bills, have
been up to this time the avowed, determined
opponents of the removal of disabilities. The
House of Representatives elected by and fresh
from the people, beyond all question represent
the will of the people ; the Senate, not elected
directly by the people, but for a time independ-
ent of the people, does not, in my opinion,
represent their will or wishes. It has been to
me both a high duty and a real pleasure to in-
troduce several bills for the removal of the
disabilities of all persons who have requested it,
and many others I knew whom I thought ought
to be relieved, in various parts of North Caro-
lina, of both political parties; feeling, as the
people feel, that disabilities should be removed
by classes (if some are longer to be excluded,
which I regret to believe is determined on by
the dominant party) and not by persons on
account of their political affiliation. Such dis-
crimination is ungenerous, unjust, unpatriotic,
and utterly unworthy the dignity of the Ameri-
can Congress, to say nothing of its gross injus-
tice.
In this connection I beg to allude for a mo-
ment to a personal matter, because I have seen
gross misrepresentations of myself in some of
the subsidized presses of North Carolina. A
short time since, in a list of names of divers
persons for the removal of disabilities, I
included the name of ex-Governor Vance.
This was my right, as well as a duty I owed to
a distinguished Carolinian and friend, and to
the people who sent me here. The honorable
Speaker, (not now in the chair,) by some mis-
conception, conceived the erroneous idea that
Governor Vance had left his seat in the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, and therefore belonged to one
of the excluded classes; but when thie error
of his was corrected by my colleagues and
myself, and I took occasion to show that Gov-
ernor Vance was a strong Union man and
remained in Congress, speaking and voting for
measures having tor their object the per;
petuity of the Union, until Congress adjourned ;
that after his election to the United States
Senate the Legislature, almost unanimously,
asked for the removal of his disabilities; and
that Governor H> luo.i and t' ie jadgfg" oc the
supreme court, a I iie;>ubliuan*t i-ecommr icL a
such removal, the Spe-!^ r yitkicJ 'the point,
and accorded me oreuit f.r ti « nio .i,e y of
my action; and yet the payors ;lludtii to i iyo
neither the honesty nor deceucy to ret"act oc
put me right at home.
I trust that Governor Vance's disabilities
will be removed, because I have taken pains
to learn the facts, that every man' elected to
Congress, whether to the Senate or House of
Representatives, under disabilities, and of
both parties, except Governor Vance, has had-
