266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Beps.
Condition of the Southern, States—Mr. Leach.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
them removed; and the objection and obstacle
in his way, is, as I have heard, some rhetorical
expressions alleged to have been made while
Governor, on the hustings, or harangues to
the soldiery during the late unfortunate strug-
gle, the truth of which is even doubtful, and
which amounted to but little if true. What-
ever he did was done at the behest of his native
State, in his public capacity, and I know of
his many acts of generous kindness to prison-
ers and Federal officers, and his successful
efforts in dividing with those prisoners the
scanty rations of the confederate soldiers,
and many other acts illustrative of his gen-
erous nature. And, sir, were even any of
those who refuse to relieve him from this
prescriptive badge in a condition requiring
aid or personal kindness, the instincts of his
forgiving nature and the impulses of his gen-
erous heart would cause at once its bestowal.
The State and the country need his eminent
taleuts and his services, and while he may
never again be a candidate for office, still, as a
fellow citizen and life-long friend, I ask, in
the name of justice, that his disabilities and
those of all others be removed.
My limited time will not allow me to speak
at any length of the utter failure of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury's syndicate negotiations,
and his hope, fast fading, that greedy capitalists
will exchange their bonds for new ones, pay-
ing a lower rate of interest—a thing hardly
probable until the love of money ceases and
human nature changes. And it is no matter
of surprise that this failure and folly of the
Secretary is exciting the ridicule and derision
of the country. Nor can I, for want of time,
more than allude to the stupid an ! unfortunate
blunder of the Administration on the import-
ant and grave question of the Alabama claims.
The high commission met in this city, were
feasted and feted around, and after sitting for
weeks, arranged a basis of amicable adjust-
ment of the questions involved, and adjourned
to meet again in Europe. In the mean time
the Administration, to the surprise of this
country and the utter astonishment of England,
has put in a claim for consequential damages,
which is promptly repudiated and refused by
England and indignantly denounced as an
after-thought and a Yankee trick never inti-
mated by any one of the high commission that
sat in this city; so that the alternative of war,
or an ignominious baek-down is left to the Uni-
ted States; and of the two, discretion indicates
the latter, as least expensive and. embarrass-
ing, and as the wisest and safest course to be
adopted; and thus the folly of the Adminis-
tration in committing this grave blunder must
be chronicled to the discredit as well as loss
of prestige of the American people.
Sir, having established, as I conceive, the
positions taken in the outset of my remarks,
asserting the most flagrant usurpation of power
by the President and Congress in the oppres-
sion of the southern States and in the unpar-
alleled extravagance of expenditures, I come
now to make good the position taken that the
Radical Governors and Legislatures of most
of the southern States have been guilty of the
greatest oppression, grossest corruption, and
most boundless rapacity that any civilized peo-
ple on the face of the earth were ever cursed
with; aided, encouraged, and fortified, I am
sorry to have to say, in most of this nefarious
work, by the Government of the United States,
whose solemn duty it was under the Constitu-
tion to protect and preserve the property and
liberty of the citizen, instead of assisting to
oppress aud destroy.
In this connection, I begin by quoting from
others, mainly high Republican authority,
language though true, yet more vituperative
than I would venture to use in this House.
Mr. Greeley, confessedly the ablest and most
influential Republican editor in the United
States, himself a northern man, ia speaking
of the colored people in connection with the
northern adventurers, says:
"In the intoxication of sudden political enfran-
chisement they have fallen victims to an infamous
horde of adventurers from the northern States,
whose robberies they lack the sagacity, and per-
haps the instinct of responsibility, to prevent. The
shrewder and more unscrupulous of their own peo-
ple have joined hands with these thieving carpet-
baggers, aud the result is a reien of corruption and
oppression entirely without a parallel in the history
of the United States."
And, sir, Mr. Greeley might have added, with
equal truth, that not a few native white citi-
zens joined hands, with those he alluded to, in
this official dishonesty and plunder.
The Cincinnati Gazette, a leading Repub-
lican paper of the West, says :
"The common fame of the South Carolina Legis-
lature is that it is a body in which no measure can
be carried without bribery, and in which bribery
can carry any measure; in which bribery is as much
a part of legislation as the paying of wages to a
field-hand is of raisins cotton, and is almost as open,
and in which the greater part of the members regard
it as the privilege of the office to plunder the State
in any way. The expenses of the last session of the
Legislature were $400,000, while that of Ohio were
but $90,000. In this we behold the gorgeousness of
the African nature when it can be indulged at the
expense of others, and the avidity of the political
adventurer who knows that his hay-making sun-
shine will be short."
The language of the Nation and a num-
ber of other influential Republican papers
(that I have not time to quote from) are still
stronger and more denunciatory, accounting
for the defeat of their party in most of the
southern States on the ground of official op-
pression, plunder, and robbery. Listen to the
distinguished Republican Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Schurz,] whose wondrous learning
and eloquence bring to mind the days of Clay
and Webster. In the course of a masterly
speech he says:
" The popular voice, which demands honest and
pure government, speaks far louder than the crack
of any party whip. They heard it at the commence-
ment of this session, when what the Senator from
New York was pleased to call the 'senatorial cabal'
stood up here demanding investigation into the
abuses of the Government, and met with the reply
that there were no wrongs to be righted. That was
the cry ; and yet, when the inquiry was had, and
only a corner of that veil was lilted which covers the
public service, the reeking odors of corruption'tor-
tured the very nostrils of the nation." * * *
* " The eyes and the ears of the people are open,
and no party cry will much longer befog their senses
and stupefy their minds. You may trv to throw
suspicion upon the motives of those who attack cor-
ruption, but it will be in vain. The people under-
stand that when motives are called into question
the motives of those who are serving as the hench-
men of power are no less open to doubt than the
motives of men who spurn to seek its favors at the
expense of an honorable independence and their
convictions of duty. Mere party cant lies stale and
nauseating upon the stomach of the people. If you
think that the movement which is now growing all
over this land is a mere plot of politicians, you will
soon discover your mistake. It is a new awakening
of the public conscience. It is an earnest uprising
for an honest and pure government. You cannot
repel that with party discipline; you cannot baffle
it with penal statutes."
Such is the patriotic language of the Mis-
souri Senator, whose speeches are arresting
the attention of the country and of the civil-
ized world.
The distinguished Republican Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who for talent and
integrity stands second to no man in this
Congress, in referring in his great speech to
the Senate's refusal to remove the disabilities
of southern men, says:
"Their exclusion has thrown these governments
into the hands of men who have used their power to
plunder the pedple over whom they rule, and the
debts of the southern States have been swollen, in
some instances, twenty-fold from what they were
before the war began."
And again, in speaking of the encroach-
ment and despotism of the "powers that be,"
he says:
"How long can this people preserve their liberties
if they quietly submit to this enoroaohment of those
in authority ui>on them ? The safety of the citizen,
and his protection in his person and his prope rty, is
to be found in local laws which the people them-
selves administer, and not in a central government,
where all the powers of the government are com-
bined j and if this system of encroachment is per-
mitted to go on. the day is not distant when our
republican system, based on the idea of a division
of powers between the Federal Government and the
States, will be transformed intoa despotism, with all
power at Washington; and I care not whether that
power is exercised by a single person or a monarch,
or by five hundred persons called a Congress, it is
equally adespotism. And the doctrine is now boldly
proclaimed by men high in authority that the States
of thisUnion have such powersonly as ore conferred
by the Constitution of the United States, when di-
rectly the reverse is true, and the States have all
power except such as the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States has conferred upon the United States, or
has withheld from the States." * * * *
"Encroachments are also made, and perhaps the
most alarming of all, bj; the military power of the
Government. The military power has come to
assume the duties belonging to civil officers of late,
and that in defianoe of law."
And, referring to living issues, he says :
" They relate to the encroachment by the Federal
Government upon the rights of States and local
governments. They relate to amnesty, and securing
the equal rights of all. They relate to a reform in
our revenue system. They relate to the purifica-
tion of the civil service, by which plunderers shall
be driven from power."
The minority of the Committee on Southern
Outrages, in speaking, upon the strongest testi-
mony, of the oppressive and disgraceful sys-
tem of local State government in South Car-
olina, in their able report say :
" No modern instance of wrong and oppression,
of robbery and usurpation, can approach it in
wickedness and infamy; nor can any people on tho
face of the globe, not even the unhappy Poles in
their darkest days of suffering, rival the great body
of the best citizens of South Carolina, for the pa-
tient. we had almost said abject forbearance with
which they have submitted to the infernal persecu-
tion of their rulers."
And what is here said, ay, sir, proved, in
regard to the conditiou of things in South
Carolina, may be said, with some modification
and mitigation of circumstances, of every
State south of Virginia ; the principal differ-
ence being that the great race who for centu-
ries have controlled the governments of the
civilized nations of the world, were not in the
other States, as in South Carolina, altogether
voiceless 1
The distinguished gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Voorhees,] to whose eloquent speech in
vindication of my section I invite the atten-
tion of the country, and especially of North
Carolina, in the course of that great speech
says:
" Sir, the absolute destruction of free institutions
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande commenced
with the earliest dawn of peace." * * * *
"From turret to foundation you tore down the gov-
ernments of eleven States. You rent all their local
laws and machinery into fragments and trampled
upon their ruins. Not a vestige of their former
construction remained. Their pillars, their ralters,
their beams, and all their deep-laid corners, the
work of a wise and devoted generation of the past,
were all dragged away, and the sites where they
once stood leit naked for the erection of new and
different structures." * * * * "The
great body of the people of that unfortunate section
had no more share in the rebuilding of their local
§overnments than the sepoys of the East Indies
ave in the affairs of the British empire. They were
excludedfrom all participation by the most elaborate
and minute schemes of legislative proscription of
which history makes any record."
I havethus taken the pains to con over and
quote briefly from the representative men of
the country their views on the question I am
discussing, as of much more importance and
interest to the people than anything I am able
to say, and as likely to exert a much wider in-
fluence, And besides, sir, I want to quicken
the patriotism and encourage and nerve the
spirit of the South by showing what northern
statesmen of both political parties, think and
say on this great question, the greatest ques-
tion of the age, because the right of self-
governmentis involved in the-momentous issue,
and because constitution^ liberty is on trial;
and the great panel of the American people
