tUM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
No. 1749) to authorize the continuance of mail
steamship service between the United States
and Cuba; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
JOHN J. MORGAN.
Mr. DARRALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1750) for the
removal of political disabilities from John
J. Morgan, of St. Landry parish, Louisiana;'
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
silk manufactures.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, presented
the following petition from more than twenty-
two hundred operatives engaged in the various
branches of silk manufacture at Paterson, New
Jersey; which was read, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives in Congress assembled, at Washington, District
of Columbia:
We, the undersigned, citizens and residents of the
city of Paterson, Passaic county. State of New Jer-
sey, being operatives engaged in the various branches
of silk manufactures, believing that the tariff upon
all foreign manufactured silk as it now exists and
has existed lor a long time past has been productive
of great good, and has tended to develop the man-
ufacture of silk in this country to its present high
position, and believing that any reduction of the
tariffon silkwiil be detrimental to our best interests
and work ruin to the trade; therefore, we respect-
fully petition your honorable bodies to continuo the
duty as it now stands, believing that such a course
will be productive of great good to the silk-manufac-
turing interests, and willtend tostillfurtherdevelop
the silk business of this country; and your peti-
tioners will ever pray.
thomas poster.
Mr. SYPHER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 1751) for the relief of
Thomas Poster, a citizen of Louisiana; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
public buildings at atlanta, georgia.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 1752) to appropriate
$250,000 for the erection of public buildings
at Atlanta, Georgia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to
be printed.
JAMBS M LH.LISY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1753)
to authorize the extension of the patent of
James M. Lilley for an itnproved instrument
for surveying and calculating areas; which was
read a first, and second time, referred to the
Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
isbaufokt county, south carolina.
Mr. RA1NBY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the General
Assembly of Sonth Carolina, praying relief for
the citizens of Beaufort county, in said State;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
invalid pensioners.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill {H. R. No. 1754) for the relief
of sundry invalid pensioners; which wa3 read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
xnittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
homesteads in arkansas.
Mr. SNYDER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1755) to provide
for the disposal of the public domain, and to
secure homesteads to actual settlers within the
State of Arkansas; which was read a Grst and
Second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
preemption skttlkus in california.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 1021, for the relief of pre-
emption settlers in the State of California,
and that the same be passed by this House
at this time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections will be in order.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
bona fide preemption claimants who may have
filed their declaratory statements prior to the
passage of this act upon any public lands in
the State of California shall have one year
from and after the passage of this act in which
to make proof and payment for their respect-
ive claims.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask tlie gentleman to make
bis bill general, to apply to all preemptors.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
a general bill. But this bill is of immediate
pressing necessity on account of the drought
which has burned up the valleys in our State.
The time in which to make proof and payment
is limited to June next, and unless this relief
is granted by Congress hundreds of families
will lose their homes.
Mr. TAFFE. Minnesota asks for relief for
those of her citizens who have suffered by
fire. I think the best- way is to pass a general
bill on the subject.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object to a gen-
eral bill at the proper time. But the necessity
for this arises out of a special condition in my
own State.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless this bill comes
from the Committee on the Public Lands, I
think it should be referred to that committee.
Mr. SARGENT. This bill was introduced
early in the session and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands. That committee
favors its passage, and would report it if called.
But if we wait until the committee is called
these people may lose their homes before the
bill can pass the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. That committee will be
reached within the next two weeks; hence the
delay of a reference will not be serious.
Mr. SARGENT. A bill similar to this was
passed by the last Congress. I then asked
that the time allowed be two years on account
of the fearful droughts in our valleys, and
fearing I should have to repeat the applica-
tion ; but the term was cut down to one year
in the Senate, and I had to assent or lose the
bill ; hence the necessity of passing another
bill at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman
himself must see the propriety of having a
general bill on this subject applicable to all
the States and Territories.
Mr. SARGENT. The same circumstances
do not exist in all the States and Territories.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia knows that the preemption system
gives opportunity for more frauds than any-
thing else connected with our public land
system.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe that more frauds
are perpetrated against settlers under the pre-
emption laws in favor of speculators than
under any other part of our public land sys-
tem.
Mr. HOLMAN. That may be true, but it
is unquestionably true that large frauds are
perpetrated under the preemption laws.
Mr. SARGENT. I will tell the gentleman
just what this bill is. Under the lav/as it now
stauds settlers are required to prove up and
pay for their preemption claims in June next.
This bill simply provides that in California
they may have one year longer to do this.
■They have been impoverished by the severe
droughts which have prevailed in our State
during the last two or three years to such an
extent that in some of our valleys families are
in great destitution.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a question of
order. I was taken off the floor a moment
ago, and I desire to know whether there is any
queslion before the House.
Mr. 8ARGENT. This bill is pending.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, was recognized upon the
close of tho morning hour, but at the request
of the Chair gave way that those gentlemen
who had not been able to present bills when
their States were called might have an oppor-
tunity to do so. The gentleman from Ohio
then yielded to allow the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Sargent] to ask unanimous con-
sent for the passage of this bill. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] objecting, the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] must
resume the floor or yield it permanently.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I resume the
floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The understand-
ing was that the bill would go through by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SARGENT. It will not take three
minutes to pass the bill under a suspension of
the rules. I think the sense of equity and
justice in this House will secure its passage
promptly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If I can be
recognized afterward, I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to suspend the
rules in order to pass this bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I object, unless I can be
recognized for my motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had this mo-
ment directed a page to say to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] that he would be
recognized next; but under that threat the
Chair will decline to do so. The gentleman
from California moves that the rules be sus-
pended.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. This
bill came before the House on the condition
that it should give rise to no debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] is an old member of tho
House, and understands the rules very well.
He will at once see that his point of order is
not well taken. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] was recognized at the close
of the morning hour, and yielded for the in-
troduction and reference of certain bills. He
then yielded (desiring to retain his right to the
floor) to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent,] who asked unanimous consent for
the passage of the bill which has been read.
Unanimous consent was refused. The gentle-
man from Ohio then yielded absolutely, and
the Chair takes the responsibility of recogniz-
ing the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gext.] Does the gentleman from New York
object?
Mr. COS. I object to no responsibility
which the Chair thinks proper to take.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] is properly ontbe floor,
and moves that the rules be suspended in
order to pass the bill which has been read.
On the motion there were—ayes 68, noes
51; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holmax and
Mr. Sargekt were appointed.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was again read.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman from
California to modify this bill so that it will
apply to all theStat.es, and then we will pass it.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to oblige
gentlemen, but a general bill will not stand
any show of parsing the Senate. Special cases
wiil stand on their own merits.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 93, noes 32.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended and the bill passed.
swamp lands near buffalo.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, by nn-ini-
!mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
