2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
ciates, to give expression and effect to that
discontent. With that discontent I do not in
the least share. But I cannot avoid seeing
it, and I cannot avoid endeavoring to study
the causes of it. And what are those causes?
What are the faults imputed to the present
incumbent of the executive office by these
discontented members of his own party ?
Every gentleman who has looked at the sub-
ject will agree with me that the faults imputed
to him are not chiefly faults in the administra-
tion of those executive functions which he has
administered left to his own instincts and his
own responsibility, but they are faults in the
administration ot' those functions, the selec-
tion of subordinate officers or other functions
which have been usurped from him by this
most unconstitutional and irregular claim and
dictation to which I have alluded. For per-
mitting this usurpation, the American peo-
ple far more than the President is to blame.
He desired, as he announced amid general
approbation when he began his administra-
tion, to obey the popular will whenever he
could learn it. How is he to be blamed if he
takes as the true exponents of that will in the
different States the men whom the people of
those States maintain in their highest places
of confidence ?
Now, I trust that this House; I trust that
the President of the United States in the
future, whoever he may be; I trust that,
behind and above all, the American people,
will hold that body, as it will this body, and
as it will the Executive himself, to a strict,
rigid adherence to the requirements of the
Constitution, and will jealously keep all
within the limits which the Constitution pre-
scribes.
Mr. WOOD. I now yield to my colleague
[Mr. Brooks] for ten minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise only
to set right, as a matter of history, a great
man, Henry Clay, who in his day was called
"the tribune of the people;" and the more
anxious am I to do that because his name has
been used in the other branch of Congress for
the purpose of sustaining the constitutionality
of the bill now under consideration. In 1832
Mr. Clay introduced into the Senate a bill in
most respects, if not in all, similar to this; a
long bill reducing the revenue, nay, abolishing
the revenue at the rate of ten per cent, per
annum from 1832 to 1840.
So far as Mr. Clay appears upon the public
records, he would seem to have supported and
sanctioned that bill; but I call the attention
of the House and the country to the unwritten
fact, of which I am cognizant, connected with
the parliamentary transactions of that day.
In 1832 we were upon the brink of civil war.
South Carolina had nullified the tariff acts,
and was in arms for the purpose of resisting
the Federal law. At that time Mr. Clay made
up bis mind that in order to preserve the
Union and avoid civil strife it would be a wise
measure to abolish the tariff and to accompany
that abolition by what was called the "force
bill." In other words, to use his own lan-
guage, he proposed in the tariff bill to hold out
the olive branch of peace to South Carolina,
and in the " force bill " to hold out the sword.
Under the organization and rules of this
House it was as impossible at that day to act
rapidly and in order as it is at the present
time. To arouse and excite the attention of
the country, and to have an audienae of the
Honse of Representatives, the legitimate tri-
bunal to discuss this bill, Mr. Clay introduced
in the Senate the compromise bill of 1832. I
well recollect that the Hall of the House was
on that occasion almost evacuated, members
thronging into the Senate to hear the great
discussion which then arose between Mr.
Webster on the one side against the compro-
mise bill, and Mr. Clay on the other in sup-
port of it. The debates of that day are not
reported beyond such brief statements as the
Associated Press of this day gives of our pro-
ceedings. But the discussion was full and
ample, touching hardly at all upon the consti-
tutional question here presented, but relat-
ing mainly to the merits and demerits of that
bill.
Men who, like Mr. Forsyth of Georgia, were
in favor of the compromise bill, opposed its
introduction into that body as unconstitutional,
while Mr. Clay feebly supported it. _ Mr. Clay
was one of the greatest parliamentarians of his
day; but he was a man who, in order to carry
a measure, but little respected parliamentary
forms in their technical aspect, though he was
at heart devoted to the Constitution. By his
ability and eloquence he succeeded in convert-
ing the House of Representatives, which had
been opposed to his measure; it was never
necessary to convert the Senate, for that body
was always upon his side. When he became
satisfied that the House of Representatives was
in favor of his bill, he (I think on a Thursday
or Friday) abandoned the bill in the Senate,
saying that he would not press it further there.
He handed over the identical bill to his per-
sonal friend, Mr. Letcher, of Kentucky, who
on the following Monday, if I recollect aright,
secured a suspension of the rules in the House,
and the bill, with little or no discussion, was
sent to the Senate, where Mr. Clay took charge
of it, and the discussion was resumed upou the
merits of the bill alone as a tariff measure.
Mr. Clay himself never expected to carry that
measure in the Senate independently of the
House. His personal friends and associates
were cognizant ofthatfact. Certainly I, as one
of those intimately connected with him at the
time, was cognizant of it, for he told me and
others that the only means he had of arousing
the attention of the House and the country
was by discussion in the Senate, which would
compel action upon the matter in the House.
If Mr. Clay were alive at this day I am.quite
sure he would, as the great tribune of the peo-
ple, join in taking the action which this House
is now about to take. 1 have made these re-
marks solely because the written history of the
country would seem to imply the contrary;
but the unwritten history of the period to
which I have referred—and unwritten history
is often more important than written history—
satisfies all who were acquainted with Mr.
Clay at that time that his only object in intro-
ducing the tariff bill in the Senate was what
I have slated.
Mr. WOOD. I yield five miqutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker; I do not
propose to enter into any discussion of the
principles involved in the resolution now be-
fore the House. They have been so ably
discussed by my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes;] and by others, that 1
deem it unnecessary for me to say anything
upon that point. I wish merely to state to the
House what was the action of this body some
sixteen years ago, when a similar aggression
upon its rights was attempted on the part of
the Senate. At that time Mr. Hunter, of
Virginia, was the chairman of the Finance
Committee of the Senate.
As is well known to the members, the ap-
propriation and the revenue bills were at that
time under the jurisdiction of the Committee
of Ways and Means, but have since been
divided. Mr. Huater introduced into the
Senate, I believe, thne entire series of appropri-
ation bills. They were considered, at leastt two
of them, and perhaps more, acted on by that
body, and sent to the House. When they were
reached in the ordinary course of business on
the Speaker's table—acting on the same prin-
ciple by which the Committee of Ways and
Means seems to be actuatednow, that of guard-
ing the prerogative and the constitutional
rights of the House—the chairman of the then
Committee of Ways and Means, without any
consultation with the committee whatever,
when these bills were reached, moved, when
they were read by their titles, to lay them on
the table, and the House, according to my
recollection, without any division, but by com-
mon consent, laid the bills upou the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Those were
appropriation bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir; they were
money bills. A motion was then made to re-
consider that vote, and it was laid upon the
table, and there, Mr. Speaker, those bills have
ever since slept the sleep of death. The Sen-
ate considering the prompt and very decided
action of the House, abandoned the idea of
considering any more appropriation bills, aud
there was an end of it.
I desire to say in conclusion that I am
glad the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means here, has offered this resolu-
tion and made this motion. It is more gra-
cious and polite than the action of the House
on a former occasion, because the action then
was simply one intended, as I have good rea-
son to know, to operate as a sort of rebuke,
so to speak, on that body, for attempting to
encroach on these constitutional rights of the
people's Representatives. I am glad there is
a disposition on the part of the .House, at any
rate, to pass this resolution.
My friend from New York [Mr. Wood] has
intimated his fears that we would not be able
to reach revenue reform. I feel as nervous
and as auxious as any gentlemuu on that sub-
ject; but I would forego any revenue reform
at this session, and look to the future, rather
than allow the Senate to encroach upou the
constitutional right and privilege of this body
to originate mouey bills. This attempt is in
unison with the spirit of encroachment which
is gradually growing and increasing, which is
drawing to the few the power of tbe many,
and eudangering the public liberty. The
rights of the States and the rights of the peo-
ple and the rights of this House are in danger
if that spirit be not repressed; and I hope the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will pass without any opposition on this
side of the House.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that that body bad passed without
amendment a bill (H. R. No. 1588) to change
the time for holding the spring term of the
United States circuit aud district courts at
Harrisonburg, Virginia.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 641) to extend the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act for the
final adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri,
and for other purposes;" in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
privileges of the house.
Mr. WOOD. I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
to question what has been asserted upon both
sides of the House this morning with so much
unanimity in respect of the prerogatives and
rights of this House to originate revenue bills.
For myself I accept what has been advanced
in that regard. W hatever right of amendment
the Senate may have in respect of revenue
measures, assuredly it cannot extend to graft-
ing so great a tree as this they now send us on
so small a sprout as our original bill was.
I am also glad, Mr. Speaker, to have heard
from the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] the remarks which he made in respect
of the other branch of Congress, aud his refer-
ence to the daugeiB into which the Senate's
assumption of extraordinary powers is leading
us. It was all very well, sir, to have a Senate
with two representatives from each State when
there were sovereign States. While that con-
dition continued, a Senate with two members
