318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
course. I come now to (he Senate itself, a
body in which every individual member, no
matter how obscure or tminflueittial he may
be, so far as rights, privileges, and immunities
are concerned, stand on exact and equal toot-
ing with the most distinguished and influential.
I ask of the Senate that an opportunity may
be afforded me to defend myself against the
aspersions of two political, and, I may say,
personal enemies: for the assaults made upon
me by them and their coadjutors transcends
the ordinary rules of political warfare. Since
investigation is the order of the day, let us
have one in this case that will allow both sides
to be heard; and if in the course of that
inquiry it shall be found that improper acts or
motives attach to me, then so be it. Let the
Senate know it, and the country know it; but
if, upon the contrary, it shall be found that
the dart which has been hurled at me by the
hand of vindictive malice shall fail to reach
its mark, or, like the Australian boomerang,
shall return to lacerate the hai d that pro-
jected it, then let that feet be made known,
and let the responsibility rest where it belongs.
I ask, Mr. President, for a special committee,
clothed with the necessary powers to carry
out the object of this inquiry.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following resolu
tion for the reference of this subject to a com-
mittee, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the report of the committee, and
the testimony accompanying, be referred to a spe-
cial committee of three, with power to send for
persons and papers, to investigate and report upon
the charges therein contained against Hon. Powell
Clayton, a member of this body.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said :
During the absence of the present occupant of
the chair a select committee wasordered to be
appointed, but it was not stated by whom it
should be appointed. By whom shall it be
appointed ?
Mr. WRIGHT. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call up the question of the reception of the
Roger Williams statue from Rhode Island, if
the Senate is willing to have the subject con-
sidered now. I will state that the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Spragce] is anxious
to make some remarks upon the subject at the
present moment.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to give notice
that when the remarks of Senators upon the
resolution in referenca to the statue of Roger
Williams have been made and that subject has
been disposed of, I shall ask the Senate to
take up the report of the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections, No. 3 on the Calendar, in
regard to the Senator-elect from Alabama.
Mr. C0NKL1NG, There lies on the table
a joint resolution, the last I believe upon the
Calendar, offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner] proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
restricting the presidential office to a single
term. I wish to say that on Thursday, after
the morning hour, if the Senate will indulge
me, I shall ask to take up that resolution in
order to submit some remarks upon it.
_Mr. HAMLIN. I ask leave to introduce a
bill at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will yield
for that purpose.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
486) donating certain condemned cannon for
a soldiers' monument at Wiuterport, Maine;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 437) for the relief of Henry Ayers and
George Walflin & Co., of Indiana; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duceabill (S. No. 438) supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to amend an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled ' An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes,' " passed February 28, 1871;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 439) for the relief of Joseph Clymer; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 440)
for the relief of W. A. Sayler ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 441) for the relief of Tim-
othy Baker, of St. John's, Michigan ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 442) supplementary to an act to provide
for a building suited to the use of the post
office, the pension and revenue officers, and
the judicial officers of the United States in the
city of Trenton, New Jersey, approvedMarch
3, 1871: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 443} to provide for the opening of a mili-
tary and post road from the mouth of Walnut
river, in Kansas, to the mouth of Main Cashe
river, in Texas; which was read twice bv its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed
-Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S.
No. 444) to amend an act entitled "An act.
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," and the sev-
eral acts amendatory thereof; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 44o) to defray the expenses of district
judges from other districts while holding dis-
trict^or circuit courts in the southern diBtrict
of New York; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 446) to amend an act entitled " An act to
establish and protect national cemeteries, "
approved February 22, 1867 ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEIiOY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 447) to enable honorably discharged sol-
diets and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lauds of the United States ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. A bill similar to this was
introduced and considered at the last session
by the two committees, and passed one House.
I have how introduced the bill again. It simply
allows soldiers and sailors, privates and officers,
who were honorably discharged, to deduct the
time they served in the Army or Navy from the
five years required uuder the homestead act.
That is the extent of the provision of the bill.
I move that it be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
STATUE OP HOG BR WILLIAMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont will be considered as before
the Senate, and the Secretary will read it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not pro
pose to offer the resolution until after the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island had concluded his re-
marks, but if it is necessary as the foundation
for his remarks 1 will submit it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to submit what I
have to say before the resolution is offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island claims tliefloor, and will proceed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, 1 formally
present, in the name and in behalf of the State
of Rhode Island, a memorial statue of its
founder, to the people of the United States,
to be preserved in the national Capitol, with
the statues of those other worthies whose ser-
vices and merits, in the judgment of their
grateful descendants, entitle them to this pre-
eminent honor.
It is less to be regretted that the artist who
has created so striking an ideal conception of
Roger Williams had no authentic source from
which he could reproduce the likeness of the
man, since the name of Roger Williams is
rather identified with the living ideas of which
he was the exponent, than with any mere indi-
vidualities of form and feature.
Two centuries and a half have almost elapsed
since the General Court of the Plymouth Col-
ony expressed the intolerant bigotry of apolit
ical clergy by pronouncing sentence of banish-
ment upon Roger Williams. His chief offense
was a denial that the civil power extended to
matters of faith and conscience; and for this
he was driven beyond the pale of what was
then, in New England, the abode of religion
and civilization.
After experiencing the privations of a bit-
ter winter in a wilderness among savages he
landed, after a second warning frem his per-
secutors, with a handful of devoted friends,
npon the western shore of the Seekonk in the
early summer of 1636. From this beginning
sprang the now proud and prosperous city of
Providence.
But it is not because he was the founder of
a city, nor because he planted a colony, from
the loins of which has sprung a vigorous State,
that Rhode Island has resolved to set up his
statue in the Capitol of the nation ; but she
has accorded him this honor because he (suc-
cessfully vindicated the right of private judg-
ment in matters of conscience, and effected a
moral and political revolution in all the Gov-
ernments of the civilized world.
Ihe doctrine of absolute separation between
Church and State is so universally recognized
by the men of this generation, as a cardinal
necessity to the existence of a free and healthy
Government, and appears to us to be such an
evident political axiom, that it requires an
effort to suppose that it was not a principle
of political philosophy from the earliest set-
tlement of this country. It was not so. The
Puritans of New England were willing to suf-
fer to the last extremity for conscience sake^
but they were in no sense martvrs to liberty ot
conscience, and weie as intolerant of heresv
to their belief a« the Conformists of England,
or the Church of Rome. The Puritans brought
with them the best, results of the Reformation
which had agitated Europe from the time of
Wickliffe to Luther, but as a body they had tic
conception of the idea that in matters of faith
the conscience of the man, and not the law ot
the State, was supreme. The merit of Wii-
