1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8007
legislation is vicious. And I indulge (he hope
that what we do this session may render legis-
lation on the subject of tariff for many years
to come unnecessary.
It is now contended that the time has come |
when we can withdraw all protection; thai, j
indeed, it is not needed. Especially is it as-
serted in the case of iron. The great cost of
transporting it. from Great Britain, our prin-
cipal rival, the superior skill and inventive
genius of our American workmen and me-
chanics, the cheap food our country affords,
the superior quality of our products, the great
demand for them and the prices they com-
mand, all, pay the opponents of protection,
furnish sufficient protection against the cheap
labor of Europe, about which my colleague
[Mr. Kelley] has much to say—a subject which
furnishes a fine field for his oratory and "glit-
tering generalities.'"
The matter is thus in dispute, and I for one
will not consent to an unreasonable reduction
of the duties on iron. I must as an honest
and candid man admit that the profits on iron
are large ; that the men engaged in its produc-
tion are growing lich very fast; but their risks
aregreat. They furnish employment for a vast
number of men, and the number connected
with the manufacture of iron, directly and in-
directly, is large beyond conception. If the
withdrawal of protection to iron should give
the English an opportunity to undersell us. not
only would we find no employment for the vast
number of foreigners seeking our shores every
year, but hundreds of millions of capital would
be destroyed, bankruptcy and ruin stalk through
the land, and the manufacture of iron would
leave our shores. The instant our manufac-
tories and workshops closed the price would
advance, and we would be compelled to pay to
British what we now pay to American manu-
facturers.
Suppose, as I have stated in my table above
exhibited, that we do pay an enhanced price
by reason of the tariff. Are we not paid for
it? What would we do in time of war if we
were compelled to rely upon so treacherous a
friend as Great Britian for our supply of iron.
Ships in the future will all be built of iron.
When we look at both sides of the question,
we find these grave facta staring us in the face.
I wish to do right; I will not be swerved from
it by taunts or considerations of selfishness.
I will vote and act as a member of the Amer-
ican Congress, not as a Pennsylvania!]. I
shall take in consideration my whole country.
All are interested in this bill. Every individ-
ual of our great Republic is entitled to our con-
sideration, whether he lives in the pine forests
of Maine, or dwells by the Atlantic sea-shore ;
whether he delves in the gloomy eoal miues
of Pennsylvania, or lives on the bright savan-
nas of the South; whether his home is on the
broad and almost boundless prairies of the
West, or on the Pacific slope. Be he capital-
ist or laborer, producer or consumer, rich or
poor, he is my countryman, and I recognize
his rights.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
meld reported that, pursuant to the order of
the House, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
more particularly the bill of the House No.
2322, to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
geological survey of territories.
Mr. DAWES. I ask consent to offer the
following resolution for reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Revolved by thnHouseof Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That there be printed and bound, with
maps and other illustrations, twenty-four thousand
copies of Professor Ilayden's annual report of the
United States geological survey of the Territories
tor 1871; fifteen thousand copies of which shall be
for the use of the House of Representatives; five
thousand copies for the use of the Senate; two thou-
sand copies for the use of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and two thousand copies for distribution by
tho Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What will
the printing of all these documents cost?
Mr. DAWES. That question will doubtless
be considered by the Committee on Printing
before they report upon the resolution.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the resolution will be referred under the law
to the Committee on Printing.
There, was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to call up
the report ofthe Committee on Appropriations
upon the Senate amendments to the Indian
appropriation bill. I have been waiting for
several days for an opportunity to do so, and
I will state the necessity that exists for early
action. It is absolutely necessary for the de-
partment to take advantage of what is called
the June rise on the Missouri river (that is, the
abundance of water at that time) in order to
send supplies to the Indian tribes. If this
opportunity be lost it will cost, the Government
a great deal more money to send those sup-
plies. To act on the report now will not- take
more than ten minutes, or at the outside fifteen
minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. Can this bill go into
effect before the 1st of July ?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; but it has been
customary for years (and it is a very proper
custom) to take advantage of the rise of water
in .Tune in order to send supplies.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman does not
answer my question. Can this appropriation
bill go into effect before the 1st day of July ?
Mr. SARGENT. No money can be paid
under it until that time.
The SPEAKER. The proposition requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. I object, and move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I would like the ear of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge]
for a moment. There are several gentlemen
who have indicated their willingness to come
here and make speeches on the tariff to-night.
Mr. ELDREDGE, If there are gentlemen
who want to speak this evening, and if it be
understood that there is to be no other busi-
ness transacted, I do not know that, I have any
objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let them
speak on Saturday.
Mr. DAWES. The House has ordered that
general debate on the tariff be closed to-mor-
row.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] told us that if we
would agree to meet at eleven o'clock in the
morning there should be no evening sessions,
yet we have had two or three.
Mr. DAWES. That is so, and I suppose
the gentlemen would take heed of another
thing, that they would not be able to get off
all of their tariff speeches unless we had a
night session. That has not occurred to him.
I do it for their convenience.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have no objection,
but the gentleman ought to have seen it was
required at the time he first spoke. The House
understood that by meeting at eleven o'clock
evening sessions would be entirely obviated.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I sympathize
with the reporters, and I object to any night
session.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to-morrow, as well
as to night and Saturday, be devoted to gen-
eral debate on the tariff bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I object. .
The SPEAKER. The present nmit of
debate is three o'clock to-morrow afternoon,
but it is within the power of the House to
continue the general debate after that by a
majority vote.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that after the reading of the Journal to-mor-
row morning I may be allowed to call up the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall object, because
some one of us will want to speak on the
pending tariff bill.
Mr. SARGENT. There will be ample op-
portunity to talk on that.
Mr. RANDALL. The debate closes to-
morrow at three o'clock p. m.
Mr. SARGENT. It was understood at the
time the tariff bill was taken up for general
debate that it should not be to the exclusion
of the appropriation bills. The Committee on
Appropriations have remained patiently quiet
and have not at all obtruded their business
upon the House.
Mr. RANDALL. The Committee on Ap-
propriations should notcomplain. Theyhave
had more time for the consideration of their
business than any and all of the committees
put together.
Mr. HALE. And so they ought.
Mr. SARGENT. I am not complaining of
any action ofthe House, but I think that when
they asked for but fifteen minutes to complete
a bill which has passed both Houses, it is an
exceedingly reasonable request. While this
geneial debate has been going on the com-
mittee have remained patiently quiet.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
California has had no opportunity to speak on
the floor, no opportunity of getting the floor
and holding it, and I therefore hope the House
will take an evening session so that the gen-
tleman from California may have an oppor-
tunity of being heard.
Mr. SARGENT. I am willing to take up
this report at the evening session. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin well knows that 1 am
not speaking of myself, but in reference to the
business ofthe Committee on Appropriations.
I have had no opportunity of getting the floor,
which other gentlemen have not had equally
with myself.
Mr. DAWES. I again submit the propo-
sition that there be an evening session for gen-
eral debate on the tariff.
Mr. IHTCHIE. There is the coal interest
which has not yet been heard from ; I wish to
say something in its behalf.
The SPEAKER. The Chair learns from
the list there are five gentlemen who wish to
speak this evening.
Mr. DAWES. And they have left expect-
ing to come here this evening.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Por-
ter indefinitely, to Mr. Wadi>Ell for one
■week, and to Mr. Archer until Monday next.
jane dul0ney.
On motion of Mr. WAKEMAN, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House ot the
papers in the case of Jane Duloney, for an
invalid pension.
PUBLIC PROPERTY, HARPER'3 FERItY.
I The SPEAKER by unanimous consent laid
j before the House a letter from the Secretary of
j War in compliance with a request of the Oom-
'■ mittee on Military Affairs, in relation to Govern-
i meat property at Harper's Ferry; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
fort gratiot military reservation".
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in reference to an appropri-
ation to complete the survey of lots sold at
Fort Gratiot military reservation; which was
referred to the C9mtnittee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
