1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
1756) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Secretary of War to lease certain
swamp or low lands belonging to the Govern-
ment, lying on the Niagara river and Lake
Erie, in the city of Buffalo. New York; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of'New York. Iaskunani-
mous consent that this bill be put on its passage
no iv.
The bill was read for information. It em-
powers the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Secretary of War to lease or allow to be im-
proved, to fac'litate commerce, but not at the
expense of the United States, a parcel of swamp
or low land located on the Niagara river and
Lake Erie, in the city of Buffalo, New 5fork,
being au unoccupied portion of the old fort
grounds, as well as any other low or swamp
lands owned by the Government on Lake Erie,
in the same vicinity, whenever, in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Sec-
retary of War, commerce may be benefited
thereby.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
present consideration of this bill?
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I move that
the rules be suspended and the bill passed.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules ; and there were—ayes 99, noes
14; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. Is further count insisted
upon ?
• Mr. CONGER. I insist on further count.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
the Chair will order tellers, and appoints Mr.
Conger, and Mr. Williams of New York.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to state to the
House that this is a proposition 
TheSPEAICER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Coxuer,] was indicated by the Chair
as a teller, and not to make a statement.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. CONGER. I will state to the House
that this is a proposition to lease grounds to
railroad companies inside of a breakwater
which has cost the Government of the United
States nearly a million dollars, and I do not
know but more than a million dollars, to
make it, that the water inside may be a place
for vessels to enter and anchor for refuge. It
is a proposition to make docks within it, and
to diminish the water surface inside of' the
breakwater, which lias been built at a great
expense by the Government for a harbor of
refuge, and to give for railroad docks part of
the inside ground that ought to be used as a
harbor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do the people of
Buffalo want it?
Mr. CONGER. The railroads want it, but
not.the people of Buffalo.
Mr. DAWES. Is there any objection to the
reference of the bill?
Mr. CONGER. The bill is drawn so loosely
that no one can tell whether the lease is to be
of the low swamp grounds on the Niagara, or
those on Buffalo creek, or those on the shore
of Lake Erie west of Buffalo.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I ask the
consent of tfie House for a moment's explana-
tion. A long series of years ago the State of
New York ceded to the General Government
a strip of land on the Niagara river for the
purpose of building fortifications. The forti-
fications were structures some seventy-five or
Eighty feet above the level of the river. The
Erie canal was constructed and cut off a por-
tion of the land which fronted on the Niagara
river. The grounds we propose by this' bill to
lease, and of which the commercial people of
the city of Buffalo ask the lease, lie between
the Erie canal and the Niagara river and Lake
Erie, and are wanted forcommereial purposes.
So far as regards the grounds which the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Coxger] has
spoken of, lying in front of the breakwater, I
desire to say that until that breakwater is
completed, years hence, no vessel, not even a
yawl-boat, could lie outside in front of it. No
one would propose to lease these grounds,
and this simply proposes to give discretion-
ary power mto the hands of the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Secretary of War, whom
we on this side are willing to trust to that
extent,_ to say the least. We simply leave
discretionary power in their hands that, when-
ever the commerce of our city requires these
little isolated strips of land, for which the
Government have no use, they may have the
power to lease them for commercial purposes.
That is all there is in this bill.
Mr. CONGER. If the bill would confine
this power to the land lying between the canal
and the Niagara river, I think there would be
no objection to it. But on the maps which
are presented here, accompanying this peti-
tion, there is taken nearly one third of the
lands which lie between the breakwater and
the shore in another place. It is because of
this that members of the Committee on Com-
merce think it their duty to protest against
the passage of this bill until it has been re-
ferred to that committee, that they may see
that the operation of the bill is properly con-
fined. There is no objection to leasing a por-
tion of these lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I do not
think that the bill refers at all to the lands the
gentleman alludes to. When I read the bill
on iis presentation to me I could not see that
it referred to those lands.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
A bill (S. No. 230) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased.
swamp lands near buffalo.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill in relation to swamp lands near
Buffalo.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] and the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Williams] having been
designated as tellers, will please take their
places.
Mr. COBTJRN. Before the tellers take
their places I wish the gentleman from New
York [Air. Williams] to state what is the
description, quantity, and position of these
lands. There has been so much confusion
that we do not understand what lands it is
proposed to lease.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. Well, there
are some half dozen different parcels of land
that are lying outside of the Erie canal, be-
tween the canal and Lake !Erie and the Niagara
river, and the canal has cut off lands originally
ceded to the Government by act of the Legis-
lature of the State of New York, leaving a
strip on the outer side between the canal and
river and lake.
Mr. COBURN. How much does that land
amount to?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. The lands
are of no use to the Government, and never
could be, for any purpose of fortification.
Mr. COBURN. How much is the land?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. Fifteen
or twenty acres. There are one or two rail- j
road tracks now running over it, and of course '
no improvement could be made to the harbor
without the consent of the United States Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to say one word
more. The maps which I have seen showed
the marking out on such maps a part of this
land ; within the present and proposed break-
water it marks out about one third of the
water suface of the harbsr. It is on the west
of Buffalo creek. Now, f the gentleman will
amend the bill so as to unke it refer only to
the lands cut off by the Erie canal, I think
there will be no objection on the part of those
interested in the commerce of the lakes in
allowing this land to be taken, but the bill is
uncertain and indefinite. It was only pre-
sented for my consideration and that of other
members of the Committee on Commerce. It
is an addition to the lands the gentleman
speaks of, covering a portion of the water
surface within the present breakwater and the
projected breakwater, for which we are mak-
ing annual appropriations in order to make a
harbor of refuge at that point. The matter
has not been before our committee formally,
but it was presented to individual members of
the committee and their opinion asked upon
it. I shall ask that the bill be referred to
some committee, unless it be made more defi-
nite and certain.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York'. Ihaveno
objection to the reference of the bill if the
committee be authorized to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
committee reporting upon this subject at any
time? The Chair hears no objection.
removal of political disabilities.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen have
applied to the Chair for permission to offer
bills for the removal of political disabilities.
The Chair suggests that a bill for the removal
of political disabilities be introduced, and that
gentlemen who have amendments of a similar
character to offer, offer them as an amend-
ment to that bill.
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1757) to relieve from political disabilities
certain persons therein named; which was
read a first and second time.
Amendments were offered by Messrs. Con-
ker, Clarke of Texas, McIntyre, Bigby,
Rainey, Sheldon, Buckley, Morphis, and a
number of other gentlemen.
_ Mr. YOUNG. I wish to add to the bill a
bill which was passed by the Senate in the last
Congress, but which failed to pass the House.
I have the word of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Disabilities in the Senate that there
is no objection to a single name on this list.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Would it be in order to
add the words, " and all the rest of mankind 1"
That will suit this side of the House exactly.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
to the bill with the amendments, it will be con-
sidered as passed.
Mr. WHITELEY. Do I understand that
these several bills are offered as amendments
to my bill, or as separate bills?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objec'ion,
a vote wdl be taken on the gentleman's bill
with the amendments offered.
Mr. WHITELEY. I prefer a vote upon
my own bill, with the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxarp]
attached to it.
Mr. SHELDON. Then I object to the pas-
sage of the bill without the other amendments.
Mr. WHITELEY. Very well; if all want
to combine, then let it go.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The House has already
instructed the Committee on the Judiciary to
report a bill for the relief of all persons who
have applied to have thair political disabilities
removed. 1 wish this bill might be made to
cover all of that class.
Mr. CONGER. I would inquire of gentle-
men who have presented these names, if the
name of Jefferson Davis is included among
them. Some of the names have not been read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the names had
better be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been very
desirous to expedite the public business as
much as possible. As gentlemen are well
aware, there is every Monday a pressure to
pass amnesty bills, and if each shall be acted
upon separately there will not be time between
the expiration of the morning hour and the
time of adjournment to dispose of them all.
