1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3903
t
the State of my good friend from Illinois, and
many others. I met a most intelligent gentle-
man the other day, Professor Foster, I think
his name was, from Indiana, who told me that
after a very little while, with the information
recently obtained, and with the protection
which had recently been given to the making
of Bessemer steel, they will be able to make
it in the State of Indiana, I think he said,
twenty-five per cent, less than it could be
made at present in any part of the world.
The protection given to that manufacture in
the last three or four years has caused those
establishments to be built up all over the
country. Let us alone but a year or two
longer and you will find every State of the
Union, every coal region, every district in
which iron ore is found, filled with manufac-
tories of Bessemer steel.
At present the great demand from railroads
for railroad iron has caused the high price of
ig metal, and that in a great degree was caused
y the combination of the manufacturers of
pig metal in England to reduce the price for
the purpose of operating upon the American
market; but so far from benefiting them, it
has already destroyed their business and given
an immense profit, to the manufacturers of pig
metal in this country, and that is the first pro-
cess, as I suppose my friend knows, upon the
ore. Just now a larger profit is being made
by the owners of furnaces than they ever had
before. But that also is stimulating the build-
ing of furnaces everywhere, and before we
meet again the number of furnaces in the Uni-
ted States will be increased by more than
thirty per cent., 1 think nearly fifty per cent.,
all over the United States. This domestic
competition will bring down the price.
A year or two ago, when the alteration was
made in the tariff on pig metal, it was made
lower than on any other article because of
the prejudice against what was supposed to be
a Pennsylvania interest. Why, sir, twenty
other States have at least an equal interest
with Pennsylvania in this question. Iron ore
is found everywhere, not only on the Dela-
ware, but in all the valleys, at the foot of the
llocky mountains, over the AUeghanies, in
the valley of the Ohio, in the valley of the
Mississippi, and away down into Texas. Iron
ore is found in great abundance in all parts of
the country, and as railroads are made all
that product will find a market, and these
very States will be more interested within the
next two years in the production of pig metal
than any other part of the world ; and for that
very reason the price of the article will come
down.
Bessemer steel is a discovery within the last
five years. Instead of wearing out as the ordin-
ary iron rail does in eight years, it has never
yet been discovered how long the Bessemer
rail will last. It will certainly last longer than
a man; perhaps two or three times as long.
All that is for the benefit of this country, be-
cause as you multiply railroads and extend
them all over the country you add to the
price of land, you add to the price of labor,
you add to the prosperity of every individual.
Look at the State of Delaware, little but
spunky, as it is. What would it be without
the iron manufactories of the city of Wilming-
ton? Wilmington makes more iron ships now
I think than any other town in the United
States, and that all comes from the prosper-
ity of the iron mines in the rear of Wilming-
ton and in the interior of Pennsylvania. Forty
years ago the coal mines of Cornwall, which
are about twenty-eight miles from where I
live, were so valuable to the neighborhood
and so perfectly protected by their immense
extent and great value that Mr. Coleman
came here to Congress and protested against
any tariff upon iron. He said, "I want no
tariff because 1 have control of the iron busi-
ness, and if you give protection you enable
every poor man in the country to build a fur-
nace, and every furnace that is built is a com-
petition with me." So it was in New Jersey,
when that good old man, Mahlon Dickerson,
discovered that his mines could come in com-
petition with Mr. Coleman's, he wanted no pro-
tection after that for iron; but, liberal man as
he was, he wanted protection for everything
that would increase the prosperity of the
country.
The iron of New Jersey, which is magnetic, and
that of Pennsylvania until within the last twenty
years was all the iron of any value in America.
Since that time the iron of Lake Superior has
come down as far as Pittsburg, competing with
the iron of Pennsylvania. Now they bring
iron from the Iron mountain of Missouri up
to Pittsburg, and turn it into pig metal there,
because of its superior quality. Recently they
have discovered in Indiana a coal better than
any coal we have in Pennsylvania or any other
part of the world for manufacturing pig metal,
and in all the region round about there they
have iron ore, which will enable them, as soon
as they get capital, which these high prices will
stimulate to go there, to make iron cheaper than
they can in Pennsylvania or anywhere else.
But it will not hurt Pennsylvania, because busi-
ness is extending, the railroads are increasing,
and the use of iron is increasing.
When I first came into Congress and it was
proposed to make an iron ship, it was laughed
at ; but after a great deal of trouble and per-
suasion I got them to build a single iron ship
at Pittsburg. It was carried down the Ohio
river in a flood and thence by the Mississippi
into the ocean, and that was not more than
twenty-seven or twenty-eight years ago. Every-
body sees how the use of iron ships has grown
since that lime. Twenty-six years ago there
was not a steam vessel on the ocean except a
single line to England. There was not an
iron bouse built until about twenty years ago.
There was not an iron bridge in existence in
the United States fifteen years ago. All this
increase in the uses of iron is because of pro-
tection.
But, sir, 1 rose only to say that this is no
compliment to Pennsylvania ; our iron and
our coal can take care of themselves ; but it is
for the interest of the cSuntry that this propo-
sition should be adopted. We have been bene-
fited by protection in former years, and every
man representing Pennsylvania, if be had no
other motive than gratitude, should vote for
protection, to enable the other States of the
Union to be benefited as we have been by
that system. Without protection our iron
mines would have been useless and our iron
manufactories not in existence. Therefore I
am in favor of extending the same protection
for the benefit of others.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make one state-
ment with regard to this amendment moved by
the Senator from Pennsylvania. I understood
the Senator from Illinois to say that the price
of iron was such that the tariff imposed upon
it had no influence. I understand it has no
influence upon the price either in this country
or abroad, no influence uponthe manufacture.
The fact is that the demand is greater than
can be supplied by all the furnaces in the
world. If that is the case what is the object
of taking off ten per cent, of the duty ? It
simply reduces your revenue to that amount
without accomplishing anything besides. The
price of iron is at that point where you may
take off the revenue and lose that, but you do
not influence the price either in this country
or abroad, or influence the manufacture.
Therefore it would simply be a loss of revenue
without accomplishing any other purpose. The
duty should not be reduced unless you can
thereby reduce the price; but the demand now
controls the price, because the demand is
greater than the production throughout the
world.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from Indiana
I think mistakes my position. I said that the
price of iron was such that (his amount of
tariff did not affect it so far as the manufac-
turer was concerned with reference to protec-
tion. I said that the reduction here would
affect it only so far as the consumer was con-
cerned.
Mr. MORTON. It would not affect it so
far as the consumer is concerned unless it
affected the price, and as the demand is greater
than the production it will not affect the price.
We reduced the duty on pig iron two years ago
two dollars a ton and the price of iron went up.
Mr. CONKLING. I am compelled to ask a
question at this part of the bill, and I may as
well ask it here as elsewhere, if the Senator from
Ohio will give me his attention. The para-
graph to which the amendment is pending con-
cludes in line twenty three with the words
"excepting cotton machinery," and then on
page 6, line forty-four, the Senate committee
propose to strike out the provision of the
House. I wish to ask the Senator from Ohio,
that there, need be no mistake, whether con-
curring in these two amendments of the com-
mittee will leave cotton machinery wher^it is
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. It will leave it
at twenty-five! per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CONKLING. There is where it is now ;
so that these two amendments taken together
accomplish that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I had no doubt about it
myself, but others who had looked at it did
have a doubt about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scott,] on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. It had better be reported
so as to be understood.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was on page 5, line twenty-
three, after the words 11 cotton machinery" to
insert " pig iron and steel rails."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is it in
order to amend that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
There is an amendment pending, and the pres-
ent amendmentisan amendment to an amend-
ment, so that it is not now in order to amend
the proposition of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire to
amend it by by striking out " steel rails." Can
the question be divided ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that the proposition cannot be
divided ; that that has been the course of
decision in the Senate hitherto. The Chair's
own opinion would be that it might be divided,
but the Chair follows the custom in such
cases, and decides that the amendment is not
devisible.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. As I under-
stand the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, it is intended not to make a
reduction upon steel rails and pig iron. His
design is that they shall remain as they now
are. I think there should be a reduction of
ten per cent., especially upon steel rails, as
well as upon any article included in that list.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ate should be of the same opinion, the Senator
will not be precluded hereafter from offering
an amendment placing steel rails alone or pig
iron alone in this catagorv.
Mr. CASSERLY. This bill in this section
and elsewhere contemplates quite a general
reduction of duties ou certain articles. That
a general reduction of duties is very much
needed and is much desired by the country
there is no doubt; but we shall never be able
to get anything of that kind unless the various
interests affected are willing to submit them-
selves each to some reduction for the good of
the whole. If, however, so formidable an
interest as the iron interest, shall object to a
reduction not greater but precisely the same
with the reduction which this bill proposes as
