18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
42d Cong.-...2d Bess.
Civil Service—Mr. Biitter'.
Ho. of Reps'. *
must soon decide between its perpetuation and
a centralized military despotism.
Sir, I do know, this Congress knows, every
intelligent thinking man in the country knows,
that this question, fraught with such tremen-
dous consequences, that is looming up for solu-
tion, cannot be postponed much longer, but
must be decided, either for weal or for woe,
by the American people. I desire to make
one more quotation. It is from the great
Burke, whose pervading mind in its mighty
sweep seems to have comprehended all forms
of government and every phase of society, for
with prophetic vision and wonderful fitness he
has given an illustration of the governments in
the South, in the following graphic language :
"We know that a swarm of locusts, although indi-
vidually despicable, can renderacountry more deso-
late than Genghis Khan or Tamerlane. When God
Almighty chose to humble the pride and presump-
tion oi Pharoah he did not effect his purpose with
lions and tigers, but he sent locusts, lice, mice,
fross.and everything loathsome and contemptible to
pollute and destroy the country."
Sir, in further proof, beyond question, of the
truth of the foregoing quotations, and of what
I have said, I come now to the facts and fig-
ures, of Radical profligacy and rapacity in the
southern States, digested and condensed, as
follows:
Virginia.—Debts and liabilities at the close
of the war, $31,938,144 59. Debts and liabil-
ities 1st January, 1872, $45,480,542 21.
JSforth Carolina.—Debts and liabilities at
the close of the war—principal, $9,690,500;
interest,, $1,261,816; whole amount, $10,
951.816. Debts and liabilities January 1,
1872. $34,887,467 85.
South Carolina.—Debts and liabilities at
the close of the war, $5,040,000. Debts and
liabilities January 1, 1872, $39,158,914 47.
Georgia.—Debts and liabilities at the close
of the war, nominal. Debts and liabilities
June, 1871, $50,637,500.
Florida —Debts and liabilities at the close
of the war, $221,000. Debts and liabilities
January 1, 1872, $15,763,447 54.
Tennessee.—Debts at the close of the war,
$20,105,606 66. Debts and liabilities Janu-
ary 1, 1872, $45,688,263 46.
Arkansas.—Debts and liabilities at the
close of the war, $4,036,952 87. Debts and
liabilities January 1, 1872, $19,761,265 62.
Louisiana.—Debts and liabilities at the
close of the war, $10,099,074 34. Debts and
liabilities January 1, 1872, $50,540,306 91.
Texas.—Debts and liabilities at the close of
the war. nominal. Debts and liabilities Jan-
uary 1. 1872, $20,361,010 61.
Alabama.—Debts and liabilities at the close
of the war, $5,939,058 87. Debts and liabil-
ities January 1, 1872, $38,382,967 34.
Thus, it will be seen that the Republican
Legislatures involved the ten States enumer-
ated in the enormous aggregate debt of more
than two hundred and eighty-four million dol-
lars. And yet no public work has been con-
structed on account of these vast expendi-
tures, so far as I know, and certainly none in
North Carolina, exceptalargeamountof money
expended upon the State penitentiary, and
even in this the Republican party (as shown
by the report of an investigating committee of
the last General Assembly) has practiced upon
the State the grossest fraud and imposition ;
so that the greater part of the proceeds of this
public robbery has passed into the hands of the
plunderers of the States, respectively.
Sir, the greatest oppression upon the people
of my State at this time (financially) is the
present odious system of collectinginternalrev-
enue taxes on tobacco and liquors. Under the
present law the men of limited means are de-
prived of the privilege grauted to the mammoth
distilleries and " whisky rings" oi the North.
I have fell it my duty to endeavor to remedy
this evil and injustice by the introduction of a
bill allowing persons of small means, without
incurring heavy expenses before beginning, to
make whisky, and repealed in the bill all tax
on brandy, and cut it down on whisky to fifty
cents a gallon. This is a matter of great im-
portance to the people of my State. The
enormous tax on tobacco is most unjust. I
have endeavored, in cooperation with friends,
to get it reduced to a uniform tax of six-
teen cents a pound, and the indications are
that this reduction, or at least a reduction to
twenty cents uniform tax, will pass. I am
fully satisfied that by such reduction on whisky
and tobacco the Government would realize a
larger revenue than at the present exorbitant
rates. It is a matter of surprise that the Ad-
ministration should have blundered on so many
inefficient and dishonest officials in the internal
revenue service ; and just cause of general
complaint is found in the oppression, as well
as the dishonesty of collectors, assessors, and
their numerous subordinates. To say nothing
of the illegal exactions and tyranny of most
of the assessors in my State, I have before me
an executive document from Secretary Bout-
well, showing that up to December, 1870, the
defalcations of collectors in North Carolina
was $480,305 16, of which amount one John
Crane, ex-collector of the district I represent,
is a defaulter in the sum of $174,661 34. And
of the many millions they collected from the
people tbat this document exhibits, some oi
the defalcations run up as high as $731,000.
And on investigation it will be found the bonds-
men of most of those villainous defaulters are
men of straw. And thus the people's money
goes.
Look, sir, at the outrageous misrule and
tyrannous abuse of the sacred rights of the
people by many of the Governors of the
southern States, who, with few exceptions, owe
their preferment to office, not to the power of
the ballot, but to the force of the bayonet,
and most of whom, although poor when in-
augurated, have grown rich, and have been
the leaders, in the States of which they were
the Executives, in oppression, extortion, and
plunder.
Sir, I propose to pass them in review before
the people. Here comes Holden, of North
Carolina, who was impeached and deposed
from office for high crimes, and by the votes
of a number of senators of his own, as well
as those of the Democratic party. Next is
Scott, of South Carolina, impeached by his
own party, but by fraud and bribery avoided
conviction. Next comes, and rapidly passes
toward Canada, that arch villain Bullock, of
Georgia, who, to escape impeachment and cer-
tain convictiou for his peculations and enorm-
ous frauds upon her people, fled from the State
he had so mercilessly plundered. Next, Reed,
of Florida, impeached by the Legislature; the
man who has time and again refused to deliver,
on requisition of the present Governor of my
State, into the hands of justice that prince of
scoundrels, the notorious Littlefield, who has
swindled North Carolina out of millions of dol-
lars. Next, Clayton, of Arkansas, now United
States Senator, who is under grave charges of
election frauds. Then comes Warmoth, of
Louisiana, regarded by both parties as being
a political trickster, and openly charged by the
friends of the Administration-^though a strong
Republican—as being a consummate rascal.
Lastly, Davis, of Texas, who is under indict-
ment for fraudulent conduct in the^ last elec-
tion and for issuing fraudulent certificates of
election. Sir, when and where before in the his-
tory of Governments were acivilized people
ever subjected to such oppression and plunder,
or cursed with such rulers? Yon will search
history in vain to find a parallel.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken for my con-
stituents and in defense aud in behalf of my
State, as I think an independent Representative
ought to speak. I have spoken the truth. I
submit what I have said to the calm judgment -
and decision of the people of North' Carolina; ,
a people who are familiar with my political an-
tecedents and record for many years past;
whom I have endeavored to serve with fidelity,
and whose prosperity and happiness I have
always sought to promote. And I trust
that North Carolina, notwithstanding she has
been most grievously wronged and oppressed,
will shake off her apathy, cease to repine
over the past, hush the voice of faction, unite
the true men of all parties, in rebuking and
displacing from power, those who have been
swift to vilify, degrade, and oppress her; and,
catching inspiration from her past history and
glory, rise in her might and majesty, and with
united efforts restore and reestablish her
former greatness and prosperity. This can be
done by that silent but potent weapon, the
ballot:
"A weapon that comes down as still
As snow-flakes full upon the sod ; ;
Bat executes a freeman's will.
As lightning does the will of God 1"
Civil Service.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
April 18, 1872.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. ft. No. 787) to preserve the independence of the
several departments of the Government—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker : If I were to seek simply toy
own ease and comfort as a member of Con-
gress, I could find nothing which would con-
duce so much to that end as the passage of
this bill, which prevents any constituent of
mine from asking any advice or aid in appoint-
ment to office from me. One of the most
onerous, unpleasant, and troublesome duties
that, as a member of Congress, I have to per-
foim,isto advise and beadvisedupon theques-
tion of appointments to office. The people of
my district send petitions, write letters/ make
representations to me upon this subject when-
ever they desire their rights or their interests
taken care of in this regard, as they do with
reference to any other of their concerns; and
they expect me to be on these topics as on
others their organ of communication with the
executive department here at Washington.
1 may say, that so far as I know, the only
dissatisfaction that has ever exhibited itself in
my district with any official act of mine has
been in regard to appointments to office. I
would like to lay down any power of mine in
this regard as burdensome, useless, and pro-
ducing no good results to the users. I would
lay it down with joy if I thought it was for the
good of the party, the good of my constituents,
or the good of my country.
But, sir, while I am willing, so far as my per-
sonal interests are concerned, that this bill
should pass, and in so far as it might a^pc^.
any recommendation to office by myself, I
spurn with the contempt that it deserves the
imputation contained m it that members' of
Congress desire for improper and'selfish pur-
poses to exercise this sort of patronage. ^ 1 his
bill, the result of the lucubrations or the incu-
bation of this committee for some seven months,
is in my view a slander upon Congress, a vio-
lation of the Constitution, and a wrong to the
principles of free government—a step back-
ward in the march of democratic principles
of equality in right and equality in power of
all men. It is an aggregation of power in the
hands of the Executive, taking even the privi-
lege of advice from the Representatives of the
people as to the use of it.
Sir, this {i civil service reform,' I character-
