1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
liams in announcing and maintaining this then
strange and heretical doctrine is therefore to
be estimated with reference to the adverse
tendencies and opinions of, the period. He
alone brought the great work of the Reforma-
tion to its last grand stage of development.
It is a mistaken idea that violent revolu-
tions are the only crises which determine the
fortunes of a people. There are other influ-
ences less startling but not less important,
more gradual in their culmination but not less
certain, which modify and shape by their silent
but ceaseless power ihe destiny not merely of
a single people, but of a whole race. When
we contemplate, as with just pride we may,
the boundless resources of our common coun-
try, and realize that with each succeeding year
we are giving strength and permanency to that
lively experiment in self government which
for less than a century has been nursed on this
continent, we may well gratefully inquire how
much of this great progress and political tri-
umph is du« to the spread and adoption of
that idea, which, in weakness and in discour-
agement, was first resolutely exhibited in a
scheme of government by a single master
spirit, in 1636, on the hills of Providence.
It was a happy thought, which suggested that
the several States should contribute to form a
national gallery of the statues of the men who
have been most prominent in their history.
Ehode Island would have been untrue to her
antecedents, had she failed to name her first
citizen for this dignity. She presents, in prompt
response to the opportunity, this memorial in
marble, for the contemplation of those who
resort hither to witness the best development
of a republican Government, and in grateful
acknowledgment of the services which, not to
her alone, but to the whole world, have been
rendered by Roger Williams.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolutions offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, which
are concurrent resolutions.
The resolutions were read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the thanks of Congress be
presented to the Governor, and through him to the
people of the Stale of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations for the statue of Koger Williams, whose
name is so honorably identified with our colonial
history. .
Eenolved, That this work of art is accepted in the
name of the nation and assigned a place in the old
Hall of the House of Representatives, already set
aside by act of Congress for statues of eminent citi-
zens, and that a copy of this resolution, signed by
the President of tho Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, be transmitted to the
Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Provi-
dence Plantations.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I had not
intended tointerpose any remarks, atthistime;
for although it is always an easy and a pleas-
ing duty for a Rhode Island man to discuss
the character, to recount the history, and to cele
brate the piaises ot the great Founder of our
State, I have received no intimation, from those
who had charge of the subject at home, that
anything from me was expected or desired.
And yet, sir, it is hardly possible for a Rhode
Island Senator to remain entirely silent, when,
in this high presence, the theme is Roger Wil-
liams ; and I am sure yon will not deem it an
intrusion or an invasion of the province of my
colleague, to whose abler hands this matter
has been committed and who has so well per-
formed the duty assigned to him, if I detain
you, very briefly,before the question js put.
My colleague has well said that it was a
happy idea to convert the old Hall of the House
of Representatives into the Pantheon of Amer-
ica. The idea originated with my distinguished
friend who sits upon my right, [Mr. Morrill,
of Vermont,] then a leading member of the
House, as he is now of the Senate. It was in-
deed a happy idea to assemble in the Capitol
the silent effigies of the men who have made
the annals of the nation illustrious; that here,
overlooking our deliberations, inspiring our
counsels, and animating us by their example,
they may seem to guard the greatness which
they founded or defended.
And I do not deem this proceeding an
idle form, but rather a high ceremonial of the
Republic; and I anticipate, with a patriotic
pleasure, that it will be repeated, from time
to time, until every State shall have sent here
her contribution to this assemblage of heroes
and patriots and statesmen and orators and
poet} and scholars and divines—of men who,
in every department of greatness, have added
luster to the American name. And as often
as this scene is repeated; when Virginia shall
send to us the statue of Washington, which
cannot be too often found repeated in the
Capitol; and with it that of Thomas Jeffer-
son or of Patrick Henry; when North Car-
olina shall send us Nathaniel Macon, and
South Carolina shall send us Sumter or Ma-
rion, and Georgia shall send us Oglethorpe;
when Kentucky shall send us Daniel Boone
and Henry Clay, and Tennessee shall send us
Andrew Jackson, and Illinois shall send us
Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas, and
Missouri shall send Thomas H. Benton ; when
New York shall send us Peter Stuyvesant and
Alexander Hamilton; when Connecticut shall
send us Roger Sherman and Jonathan Trum-
bull—I believe they are here already ; I know
that the blood of both is represented in this
Chamber by men comingfrom States that were
not born when the names which their Senators
worthily bear were first made illustrious—
when Vermont shall send us the stalwart form
of that hero who thundered at the gates of
Ticonderoga " in the name of the Continental
Congre8sand the great Jehovah;" when New
Jersey shall send us the great grandfather of
the Senator who sits on the opposite side of
the Chamber [Mr. Stockton] and the uncle
of the Senator who sits nearer me, [Mr. Fre
linghuysen ;] when Pennsylvania shall send
us Wiliiam Penn, and when Massachusetts,
pausing in the embarrassment of her riches,
looking down the long list of her sons who, in
arms, in arts, and in letters, in all the depart-
ments of greatness, have contributed to her
glory, shall, with hesitating fingers, select two
to represent that glory here; then, and on
every such occasion, I trust that the spirit of
party will cease, that the voice of faction will
be hushed, and that we shall give an hour to the
past. We shall be the wiser and better for it.
In all our history no name shines with a
purer light than his whose memorial we have
lately placed in the Capitol. In the history
of all the world there is a no more striking
example of a man grasping a grand idea, at
once, in its full proportions, in all its com-
pleteness, and carrying it out, unflinchingly,
to its remotest legitimate results.
Roger Williams did not merely laythe found-
ation of religious freedom, he constructed the
whole edifice, in all its impregnable strengih,
in all its imperishable beauty. Those who have
followed him, in the same spirit, have not been
able to add anything to the grand and simple
words in which he enunciated the principle, nor
to surpass him in the exact fidelity with which
he reduced it to the practical business of gov-
ernment.
Religious freedom, which now, by general
consent, underlies the foundation principles of
civilized government, was, at that time, looked
upon as a wilder theory than any proposition,
moral, political, or religious, that has since
engaged the serious attention of mankind. It
was regarded as impracticable, disorganizing,
impious, and, if not utterly subversive of social
order, it was not so only because^ its manifest
absurdity would prevent any serious effort to
enforce it. The lightest punishment deemed
due to its confessor was to drive him out into
the howling wilderness. Had he not met with
more Christian treatment from the savage chil-
dren of the forest than he had found from "the
Lord's anointed," he would have perished in
the beginning of his experiment.
Mr. President, fame, what we call human
glory, renown, is won on many fields and in
many varieties of human effort. Some clutch
it, with bloody hands, amid the smoke and
thunder of battle. Some woo it in the quiet
retreats of study, till the calm seclusion is
broken by the plaudits of admiring millions,
of every tongue and of every clime. Others, in
contests, which, if not bloody, are too often
bitter and vindictive, seekitin the forum, amid
"the applause of listening senates," caught
up and echoed back by the tumultuous cheers
of popular adulation. All these enjoy, while
they live, the renown which gilds their mem-
ories with unfading glory. The fame which
attends them is their present reward. It stimu-
lates them to greater exertions and sustains
them in higher flights. And it is just and
right.
But there is a fame of another kind, that
comes in another way, that comes unsought, if
it comes at all; for the first condition for those
who achieve it is that they shall not seek it.
When a man, in the communion of his own
conscience, following the lessons of his own
convictions, determines what it is his duty to
do, and, in obscurity and discouragement, with
no companions but difficulty and peril, goes
out to do it — when such a man establishes a
great principle or succeeds in achieving agreat
amelioration or a great benefit to the human
race, without the expectation or the desire
of reward,in present honor or in future renown,
the fame that shines a glory around his brow is
a reflection from the " pure white light" in
which the angels walk, around the throne
of God.
Such a man was Roger Williams. No
thought of himself, no idea of recompense or
of praise interfered to sully the perfect purity
of his motives, the perfect disinterestedness
of his conduct. Laboring for the highest ben-
efitof his fellow-men, he was entirely indiffer-
ent to their praises He knew (for God, whose
prophet he was, had revealed it to him) that
the great principle for which he contended,
and for which he suffered, founded in the
eternal fitness of things, would endure for-
ever. He did not inquire if his name would
survive a generation. In his vision of the
future, he saw mankind emancipated from the
thralldom of priestcraft, from the blindness
of bigotry, from the cruelties of intolerance.
He saw the nations walking forth in the lib-
erty wherewith Christ had made them free.
He saw no memorial of himself, in marble
or in bronze, or in the general admiration of
mankind. More than two eenturies have
passed since he flourished; nearly two cen-
turies have passed since he died, buried like
Moses, for "no man knoweth of his sepul-
cher;" and now the great doctrine which he
taught pervades the civilized world. A grateful
State sends up here the ideal image of her
Founder and her Father. An appreciative
nation receives it, and, through her accred-
ited representatives, pledges herself topreserve
it among her most precious treasures.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the resolutions, and they were agreed to
unanimous
senator prom alabama.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
take up the report and resolution of the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections, No. 3 on
the Calendar, relative to the Senator-elect from
Alabama.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Secretary to
read the whole report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Stewart, from the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections, on the 20th of
March, 1871:
The Committee on Privileges and Elections, to
whom were referred the credentials of George
Goldthwaite, claiming a seat in this body as a Sen-
ator from the State of Alabama, and the credentials
