1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
from each State, whether large or small; a
Senate with the small States entitled to equal
representation with the large States, was a
wise provision of government. But when it
comes to centralizing in Congress ail the sub-
stantial power of Government, then the propri-
ety of such a provision is quite another thing.
To-day, sir, a majority of the people of the
United States are inhabitants of I think eight
of the larger Slates, and are represented in
the Senate—a body of seventy-four members
—by but sixteen Senators, while there are
nearly sixty Senators from States having a
minority of the whole people. The necessary
result of this is that the legislation of this
country is controlled, and must continue
under the present system to be controlled,
by the representatives of a minority, and a
small miuoiity at that, of the whole people.
This condition of things cannot long continue.
Either we must get back to the sovereignty of
States, or we must get forward to popular
representation in the Senate.
For myself, in common with those who think
with me in respect to the danger of centraliz-
ing here all the powers of Government, I
should be glad to preserve to the States the
fullest ppweis they have possessed since this
Government was established, and to largely
limit and localize the powers exercised by
the Federal Government. But if that cannot
be had, and the revolution wo have passed
through of late years seems to indicate that
the oiiginal powers of the States are not to be
preserved, and that the range of the powers
of the Federal Government is not to be
abiidged, we must thpn go forward in the
other diiection, and it will not be long, I think,
betore it will in that event be found necessary
to secure popular representation in the Sen-
ate ; and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] is right in saying that every new
assumption of power by the Senate, whether
in respect of the Executive or the popular
branch of the Legislature, will hasten that
time when New York and Pennsylvania and
Ohio, with some twelve millions of people,
will no longer submit to be equaled in the
other branch of the Legislature by States
whose aggregate population does not reach
half a million.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me add one
word in reference to the remarks of my col-
league on my right, [Mr. Wood,] as to the
importance of immediate revenue legislation.
As he has rightly suggested, the great, interests
of the country are to-day paralyzed by the
action of this House and the subsequent ac-
tion of the Senate oil the very bill jvhieh has
given rise to this discussion. In all the great
commercial centers of the country men with
their entire fortunes at stake are kept in daily
trepidation as to what changes are to be made
in these important missions for raising reve-
nue. For myself, 1 am opposed to taking off
the duty on tea and coffee. The proposition,
as 1 think, was a trap ingeniously set by those
who favor protection m which to ensnare those
who favor a reduction of duties and se^k real
revenue reform, and into which trap, X regret
to say. too many of our friends on this side
of the House have fallen. But however that
may be, whatever may be the final determina-
tion of Congress in respect of that measure,
one thing is certain, and that is that whatever is
done in that regard should be done quickly.
Mr. WOOD. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Riichie.]
Mr. RITCHIE. I confess, Mr. Speaker,
that I appioach this subject with some diffi-
dence. I arn not clear that the Senate has
transcended its privileges. It is a fallacy, I
submit, to compare that body to the House of
Lords. On the contrary, the Senate is con-
stituted for the better protection of popular
rights, as involved and embodied in the Slate
organizations, and the danger of centralization
in this country, I apprehend, is not in the
Senate so much as it is in the House. The
small States are in danger of having their sov-
ereignty ignored and overpowered by the large
States iu the House of Representatives.
Now, sir, the right to originate is not the
right of absolute control. It is a great right.
It is a great power. The Senate must sit pow-
erless until the House originates; and it is not
likely that in this popular branch the big
States, whose rights it is said were to be sub-
served by this provision, will be overpowered
by the small ones. It is not likely that any
bill will originate in this House with the large
representation from New York, Pennsylvania,
and other such States, that will do the large
States injustice. But when a bill originates
in this House which may oppress the small
States, when Pennsylvania or New York pro-
poses to raise revenue at the expense of Dela-
ware and Rhode Island, then they may look
for assistance to the other end of the Capitol;
then the constitution of the Senate may be
invoked for the protection of the popular
rights which by this action of the House to-day
it is sought to maintain.
Further, sir, the right of the Senate when
a revenue bill is once originated is just as
specifically given, and is just as sacred a one
for the protection of the smaller States—its
right, I say, to "propose or concur with
amendments" is just as sacred as the right
of the House to ''originate." The rights of
the two branches are plainly and specifically
stated. This House must originate. This House
alone originates. But when the House origin
ates, the Senate " may propose or concur with
amendments as on other bills."
Now, sir, what are the limits of the Senate-
amendments? They are the limits of parlia-
mentary construction. They are just those
limits which would apply according to the
rules of parliamentary construction if a bill
were proposed and any member here were to
offer an amendment. The question then
would be whether the amendment was ger-
mane; and as there is no limitation of this
power of propositions and concurrence, an
amendment carries with it all the rights and
privileges of parliamentary construction. It
is those amendments that parliamentary
usages and law permit only that can be added.
The question, to my apprehension, is whether
the Senate has proposed an amendment
which in parliamentary law would be germane
to the subject. Now, sir, that is the only
question, it seems to me, for us to determine,
whether the Senate has exceeded its prerog-
atives or not.
If any gentleman, when the bill in relation
to tea and coffee was pending in this House,
could have offered the amendments that the
Senate has attached to the bill, I do not see
where the discrimination can be drawn, the
Senate having the power, as on all other hills,
to propose amendments to a bill of this char-
acter when it has been originated. If their
amendment be germane to the bill which was
originated in the House, I do not see where,
the limitation on the power of the Senate
applies. I confess, as I said before, that 1
approach this question with diffidence, espe-
cially when the pride of the House is invoked
and this resolution is in the interest of popu-
lar rights; but popular rights are to be con-
served, in my judgment, by maintaining the just
prerogatives of the Senate for the protection
of the small States.
Mr. DAWES. I rise for the purpose of
moving the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Before the
gentleman does that, I desire to ask him a prac-
tical question of great importance to the coun-
try. If I understand the facts, and if I ain
wrong I hope the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means will correct me, we have
passed two bills repealing the duty on tea and
coffee. Is not that so?
Mr. DAWES. The House has.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. To one of
our bills the Senate have appended these
amendments. There is left, if I am correctly
informed, another bill in the Senate on which
the Senate can act immediately if they so
choose, to repeal the duty on tea and coffee
without bringing that bill back to the House ;
so that by laying this bill upon the table we
do not delay the repeal of the duty on tea and
coffee on which it is claimed there is a neces-
sity for immediate action. Am I not right in
the statement of these facts?
Mr. DAWES. Not only so, hut it would be
utterly impossible to effect the repeal of the
duties on tea and coffee by considering this
bill m less time than two or three weeks, for
under the rules of the House the bill must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, out of which it cannot come, so
long as any member desires to offer amend-
ments, except by a vote of two thirds.
Mr. Speaker, there is such gratifying unan-
imity of sentiment in support of the preroga-
tives of the House that I desire to call the
previous question oil the resolutions, and I
shall demand the yeas and nays upon their
adoption.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man at what time the Committee of Ways and
Means will probably report a tariff biil ?
Mr. DAWES. I suggested a moment ago,
ill reply to the gentleman's colleague, [Mr.
Wood,] that I had every reason to hope that
in the course of a week we should be able to
submit a report, and 1 will say that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, while cognizant
of the fact that the House are very impatient
for the consideration of this subject, have
addressed themselves with untiring zeal to the
woik assigned to them, and, I will say in re-
spect to all the members of that committee"
but myself, with a fidelity to their conviction
which has not deserved any reproach at the
hands of this House.
Mr. COX. Oh, I did not mean to reproach
the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I know the gentleman did
not.
Mr. COX. I only spoke in the interest of
stability of legislation.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask for the reading of
the resolutions again.
'The resolutions were again read.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is not the
first resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not if the previous
question be sustained.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being upon agree-
ing to the resolution offered by Mr. Dawes.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 153, nays 9, not voting 78 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ackcr, Ambler, Ames, Arthur,
Aveiitl, Barber, Barry, Beatty, lieck, Beveiidge,
Bigby, Austin Iilnir, Braxton, Geoise M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buckley, Butlinton, Burohard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Cairoll, Coarhlan, Conger, Cox,
Crueller, Crocker, Crossianu, Davi.-, l>awes, Don-
nan, P)ox, Du Bose, lluke, Dunneli. Earnes, Ely,
Farnsworth, Fanvell, Fmkelnbur?, CharlesFoster,
Wilder 1). Foster, Frye, Uarheld, Garrett, Ueta, Gol-
Liday, Griffith, Haldcul,in, ltale, lialsey, Handiey,
llarper, George E. Harris', John T. Harris, Hawtey,
Hay, (ierry W. Ilazelton, John W. Ilazelton, Here-
ford, llemdon, Jlibbard, Jlill, lluar, llolman,
Hooper, Houghton, Kelley. Kerr ICetebani, Lami-
son. Lansing, Malison, Marshall, Maynard. MeCrary,
McGrew, Mellenry, Mclntyre, MoNeely, Mercur,
Merriam, Merriek, Benjamin I'\ Meyers, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers. Negley,
Siblaek, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, llosea W.
Parker, Isaac 0. Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Aaron
F. Perry, El! Perry, Piatt. Poller, Potter Ramey,
Hdwaid Y.Rice, John M. Rice. Ellis 11. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk, Sar-
gent Sawyer, Sessions, Shan Irs, Shei wood, Shober,
Slater, Slocum, id. Boardman Smith, John A.Smith,
Worthmgton C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Slevens, Stoi m, Stougliton, Swann, Tafle,
Terry, Bwight Tmvnsend, Turner, Tuthill. Twicheli,
Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wakeman,
Walden, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, White-
ley, Whitthorne, Wiltard, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—153.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Conner, Ilanks, Kendall,
