1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The Chair has suggested this as the only way
in which the House cau deal with the subject,
if they desire to act upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My proposition is that
the names in this bill shall be read.
The SPEAKER. That is the right of the
gentleman under the rule.
Mr. YOUNG. Will the gentleman accept
my proposition to attach the disability bill as
already passed the Senate?
Mr. WHITELEY. f must ask that the
vote be taken on the bill as it now stands.
Mr. KILLINGER. Have all these persons
petitioned for this relief?
Mr. WHITELEY. All the persons whose
names I have presented.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be so far suspended that this bill shall
be acted upon without further reading.
The question was taken viva voce.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair two thirds have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The question was then taken on ordering
the yeas and nays; and there were but fifteen
in the affirmative.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were so suspended that the further read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with.
The question was then taken upon suspend-
ing the rules and passing the bill; and upon a
division there were—ayes 115, noes 13.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM. In connection with this
subject, I am instructed by the Committee on
the Judiciary to ask the House to adopt the
following resolution :
Resolved, That to more expeditiouslycarry out the
instructions of the House, (resolution of .February
VI, 1872,) the Clerk of the House be directed forth-
with to transcribe and deliver to the Committee oil
the Judiciary the name's, (alphabetical,) with resi-
dence by county and State, of all persons who may
have applied lor removal of civil and political dis-
abilities, the records of which remain among the
files of the House.
No objection being made, the resolution
was adopted.
removal of nuisances about tub capitol.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds are instructed to report a bill at the
earliest practical moment which shall provide for
clearing away the horse and ear stables and other
nuisances which now surround this beautiful build-
ing, the Capitol of the United States.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to in-
clude the locomotive railway track near the
west gate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is included in
"other nuisances."
Mr. BANKS. It is not a nuisance in that
sense.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I have no
objection.
The resolution, as modified, was then
adopted.
deputy clerks in unite!) states courts.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1156) to authorize the
appointment of deputies to clerks of the circuit
and district courts of the U nited States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
fox and wisconsin rivers.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be, and is
hereby, respectfully requested to report to this
House, as soon as practicable, any information in
the War Department touching the recent survey of
and work done in the Wisconsin river, in the State
of Wisconsin, together with any other information
touching the improvement of the Fox and Wiscon-
sin rivers not already reported or published.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG. I now renew my request
that the House pass a bill which I hold in my
hand to relieve certain persons therein named
from all civil and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States._ It contains the
same names as were contained in Senate bill
No. 969 of the last Congress. I am assured
by the chairman of the Committee on Disabili-
ties of the Senate that there was no objection
to any name in it.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to this being
passed before we get the alphabetical report
of the names of all persons who have applied
for the removal of disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG. Then I move to suspend the
rules so as to pass the bill, which is entitled
''A bill to relieve certain persons therein
named from their legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes."
Mr. MAYNARD. How many names are
included in the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that there are three thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-four.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to suspend the rules
so as to dispense with ths reading of the bill.
Mr. MORPHIS. 1 move to amend the bill
so as to strike out all the names and insert a
general provision for the removal of all dis-
abilities.
The SPEAKER. A motion made under a
suspension of the rules is not amendable.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Young]
moves a suspension of the rules so as to pass
the bill ; and he also makes a subordinate
motion, which the rules allow, that the rules
be suspended in order to dispense with the
reading of the bill.
Mr. KILLINGER. Is it in order to have
both motions pending at the same time?
The SPEAKER. It is. It is expressly
provided for in the rules.
On suspending the rules to dispense with the
reading of the bill, there were—ayes 104,
noes 28.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 20, noes 91.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered ; and
(two thirds having voted in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to suspend the rules in order to
pass the bill.
On the motion there were—ayes 109, noes 31.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were, not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, Snd the bill (H. R.
No. 1758) was
jellies, canned fruit, etc.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have this morning
directed me to report a bill (H. R. No. 1759)
explanatory of the internal revenue act of
June 30, 1864, as amended by the act of July
13,1866, in relation to syrups, jellies, mustards,
sauces, and canned and preserved fruits, vege-
tables and meats, enumerated and taxed in
schedule C of said act, and acts amendatory
thereof. I believe there is no objection to this
bill. I move asuspension of the rules in order
to put it upon its passage.
The bill was read. It recites in the pre-
amble that it was the intent and meaning of
the act of July 14, 1870, to remove the tax
from all the articles named in tho following
paragraph in schedule C:
"For and upon every can, bottle, or other single
package, containing meats, fish, shell-nsh, Iruits,
vegetables, sauces, syrups, prepared mustards, jams
and jellies, contained therein, and packaged or
sealed, made, prepared, and sola, or offered ior sale,
or removed for consumption in the united btates,
on and after the 1st day of October, 1866, when such
can, bottle, or other single package, with its eon-
tents, shall not exceed two pounds in weight, the
sum of one cent. When such can, bottle, or other
single package, with its contents, shall exceed two
pounds in weight, for every additional pound or
fractional part thereof, one cent."
The bill therefore' enacts that after the
passage of this act so- much of schedule C as
relates to sauces, syrups, mustards, Jellies,
and jams, and such other articles in said para-
graph not heretofore repealed, be repealed.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
agreed to, (two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
So the rules were suspended, and the bill
was passed.
land titles georgia and florida.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Imove
that the rules be suspended in order to pass a
bill to settle and quiet the titles to lands along
the boundary line between the States of Geor-
gia and Florida.
The bill was read. It provides that the titles
to all lands lying south of the line dividing the
States of Georgia and Florida, known as the
" Orr and Whitner line," lately established as
the true boundary between said States, and
north of the line run by Georgia, known as the"
"Watson line," being all the lands lying
between said lines, shall be confirmed in the
present owners deriving titles from the State
of Georgia.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope some explanation
will bo given of this bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. There
was a discussion between the States of Geor-
gia and Florida as to the true situation of
the land between them. Commissioners were
appointed by the two States to run the line,
and the line between them was found to run
further north than it was to be found on the
maps. The State of Georgia had granted titles
to all that portion of the land that was north of
the line. When it was found that the line of
Florida extended further north, the conse-
quence was that the land which Georgia had
conveyed had originally belonged to the Uni-
ted States, and therefore it is that we desire
by this bill to confirm to the holders of land,
claiming under the title of Georgia, whatever
interest the United States had in the land.
That is all there is of it. The matter was dis-
cussed by the Committee on the Public Lands,
and was particularly examined by one of the
members of the committee, my friend on
the right, the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
McIntyre,] and the members of the commit-
tee have all been satisfied of the justice and
propriety of the bill
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I rightly understand
the gentleman as saying that the bill is recom-
mended by the Committee on Public Lands ?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Yes,
sir ; the passage of the bill is recommended by
the Committee on Public Lands.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill; and being put it was
agreed to, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
So the rules were suspended, and the bill
(H. R. No. 1760) was received, read three
times, and passed.
territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe,] chairman of the
Committee on Territories, desires to maka
a request for uuanimous consent in regard
to the business ot his committee.
Mr.. TAFFE. I ask that Tuesday, four
weeks from to-morrow, beginning at half past
one o1 clock, be set apart for the consideration
of the business of the Committee on Terri-
tories.
