268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Service—Mr. Butler.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
ize as a political trick sprang on the eve of a
presidential election by those 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. By the chief
candidate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; I
will tell you by whom, if you will not interrupt
me, and I will tell you if you do. [Laughter.]
I say again, it was sprung on the country as a
political trick by opponents of the dominant
party; and this is not the first time that such
a thing has been attempted.
Let me give the House something of the
history of civil service reform.
In 1827, when thepresidential chair was filled
by the purest man that ever sat there, John
Quincy Adams, the Democratic party, under
the lead of Benton, raised a committee on
civil service reform, then called opposition to
executive patronage, consisting of Mr. Ben-
ton himself, Mr. Van Buren, Mr. Macon of
North Carolina, Mr. Dickerson, Mr. Johnson
of Kentucky, Mr. White of Tennessee, Mr.
Holmes, of Maine, Mr. Findley of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. Hayne of South Carolina. That
committee made a report to the great damage of
the party in power at that time. What was the
ground of complaint then? It was alleged
just before the presidential election that the
exercise of patronage in appointing Federal
officers would destroy the country. I ask the
Clerk to read an extract from that report
sh owing what fault was found vjith John Quincy
Adams in this regard, and how futile, useless,
and demagogical such party crie3 were then,
as they always are.
The Clerk read as follows :
"With the Blue Book they will discover enough
to show that the predictions of those who were not
blind to the defects of the Constitution are ready to
be realized; that the power and influence of Fed-
eral patronage, contrary to the argument in the
Federalist, is an overmatch for the power and influ-
ence of State patronage; that its workings willcon-
tammate the purity of ail elections, and enable the
Federal Government, eventually to govern through-
out the States as effectually as if they were so many
provinces of one vast empire.
" The whole of this great pow«r will center in the
President. The king of England is the ' fountain
of honor;' the President ofthe United States is the
source of patronage. He presides over the entire
system of Federal appointments, jobs, and con-
tracts. He has 'power' over the 'support' of the
individuals who administer the system. He makes
and unmakes them. He chooses from the circle of
his friends and supporters, and may dismiss them,
and upon all the principles of human action will
dismiss them as often as they disappoint his expect-
ations. His spirit will animate their actions in all
the elections to State and Federal offices. There
may he exceptions, but the truth ofthe general rule
is proved by the exception. The intended check
and control of the Senate, without new constitu-
tional or statutory provisions, will cease to operate.
Patronage will penetrate this body, subdue its ca-
pacity of resistance, chain'it to the car of power,'
and enable the President to rule as easily, and
much more securely with than without the nominal
check of the Senate."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now,
sir, what was the remedy there proposed for
this pretended dreadful state of affairs? It
was that we should amend the Constitution as
to the manner of electing the President. Then
the ground of complaint was that all the power
of appointment to office was with the Presi
dent; now the trouble with our civil service
reforms is that all the power of appointment
is in the hands of the House of Representa-
tives of the people. The Democrats then suc-
ceeded in overthrowing Adams's administra-
tion on the cry of corruption and reform, the
whole expense of which was $12,000,000 a
year, only about one third of the expense
of the government of the city of New York
nnder the Democratic party in our days.
Jackson came in, and the old hero began to
look around among the officeholders to see
how many had become barnacles on the ship
of State, and when he came to exercise his
power of removal of his ene.mies from office
and the appointment of his friends, Calhoun,
his opponent for the Presidency in 1835, got
up another committee on eivil service reform,
to endeavor to overturn the Democratic party,
from which he was a deserter, as do others of
this day in the Republican party. It was just
before the presidential campaign again, and
was just such a device as the present one to
get the Administration out of power and the
malcontents in office; just, as now, a device to
head off the people and make them believe
that Calhoun was the best man for the Presi-
dency, and that there could be reform only
under him. So now the deserters from the
Republican party are trying to make the peo-
ple believe that all political virtue resides with
them, only they have no man now so great or
good as Calhoun. The panacea for all evils
then was to pass the civil tenure of office act,
to tie up the hands of the President; and they
did pass it, so far as the Senate was concerned,
for all these measures of President-making
always start in the Senate.
Thus, then, Mr. Speaker, we have found
civil service reform is always popular with
the "outs" and never with the " ins," unless
with those who have a strong expectation of
soon going out. [Laughter.]
Now, then, sir, how came this present so-
called civil service reform, sprung upon us
and sprung upon the people for the third time,
just before the presidential election ? It was
because a Senator, himself a candidate for the
Presidency, put it on an appropriation bill in
the Senate, when it passed without a word of
debate, and we could not discuss it in the
House because it came to us in the waning
hours of the night, in the last night of the
session, and we could not defeat it without
losing the appropriation bill to which it was
attached, and therefore we passed it under
duress and legislative compulsion. Having
passed this law, the President did exactly what
I think he ought to have done; he put it in
force. He said, "You made the law; lam
sworn to execute the laws, and I will carry it
out to the best of my ability." He did again
what I think he ought to have done; he took
no responsibility himself as to the manner of
execution, but he appointed the best board of
commissioners he could readily find, of men
who had nothing else to do, to make rules for
its enforcement. That commission have been
sitting upon those rules for some ten months,
more or les , and they have produced a set of
rules the practical workings of which I think
no man of them understands, or which at least
no Representative will get up in the House and
say that in their length or breadth, in their
scope and direction, he is in favor of them.
Who is the man to stand up and say he
approves of those rules exactly as they are?
Mr. WILLARD. The President.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Pres-
ident of the United States has said no such
thing. But I asked, what man in the House
would do this thing? I asked some one to get
up here and speak for himself. One has got
up and spoke for some one else. [Laughter.]
The President, by his conduct, has said pre-
cisely as 1 would have said in his place. He
in effect says to Congress, " You have started
this machine, and so far as I am concerned you
will see itgo into operation." Thatiswhathe
did, and he did right. Buthe says in his mes-
sage, " I reserve the privilege to myself of
amending aud altering these rules at pleasure."
Now, then, who are in favor of them? All
this kind of trouble, I call to the attention of
the House, has always originated in the Senate
of the United States just before a presidential
election, whex-e there are never more than
seventy-four candidates for the Presidency
among seventy-four Senators. [Laughter.]
N ow, sir, we are told everybody in the Senate
is in favor of it; but when you find anybody
in the House, on the Republican side, who is
in favor of it, he has to give a certificate that
he is not going to Cincinnati. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. How about Charleston 7
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Which
Charleston—Charleston o.f South Carolina?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I went
there once under the lead of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and have been sorry for it
ever since. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the provisions
of this bill? This bill provides that any man,
being a member of Congress, who exercises the
constitutional right of petition to the Execu-
tive about office shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor. Every other man, unless he has the
misfortune of being elected a member of Con-
gress, may have the right of petition. The
member, however, is to be adjudged guilty of
misdemeanor for the exercise of the right of
petition, if he writes in favor of an applicant
for office, or if he recommends any constitu-
ent, or if he sends anybody else to recommend
a constituent, or if he carries anybody else's
recommendation to any executive officer. If
a member of Congress shall have knowledge
that a man is about to be appointed to office
who is insane or infamous or an embezzler of
public money, he cannot inform the President
of it without being guilty of a crime and being
fined and imprisoned therefor. If he finds out
that a collector of customs in his district has
defrauded the revenue and allowed his officers
to embezzle the property of the citizen, he may
not advise the President ofthe fact, either verb-
ally or in writing, without being guilty of a
crime. And if a Representative knows of any
malfeasance or misfeasance in office of any
public officer, and if he thereupon informs the
Presideut of it in writing, he does it under the
risk of being sued for libel upon the publication
of that information at the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. WILLARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to call his attention to the
fact that in the second section of this bill is
this provision:
And such Member or Delegate may also, without
being requested so to do, give, in writing, to the
President or head of Department, any information
whieh snch Member or Delegate may have of the
misconduct or unfaithfulness of any person in the
civil service.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
what have we then? That letter is to be an
official letter, published when the House calls
for it; and whenever the man is removed, it is
to be sent to the House to be printed, and
then comes the libel suit or personal quarrel.
Mr. WILLARD. If we attack a man's
character in a letter, I think we should be
willing to allow such a letter to be an open
one.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let ns
see how that is. I am coming to that in a
moment. If the President asks ever so con-
fidentially what is your opinion of a certain
officer, although you may be his next door
neighbor, and although you may be his friend,
and although you may not think him fit for
his office, if you send your letter to the Presi-
dent giving your honest thought and your hon
est advice, that is to be published to the world,
involving you in a quarrel with your friends,
and in your neighbohood. And that applies
only to members of Congress. Everybody
else can do that. Members of Congress can-
not. Now, I ask what is there in our conduct,
in the public estimation—nay, I go further,
what is there in our conduct in our own esti-
mation—which should lead us to record such
a vote against ourselves? I should take it, if I
voted for it, as a confession of judgment
against myself, a confession that I was con-
scious that my action was such that I ought
to be put into the penitentiary, that I ought to
be subjected to fine and imprisonment for my
political coarse.
But again, sir, this bill provides in addition
