8904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
to several other interests, and pig iron shall
succeed in that objection, there is no reason
in the world that I can see why the whole of
this section should not go. Pig iron, so far
as I understand anything about it, can just as
well bear a reduction of ten per cent, as wool-
ens and other articles in which States outside
of Pennsylvania are largely interested. If
we desire to reduce the burdens of the tariff,
we must exercise a little self-denial. As we
have to divide the burdens of Government, we
must be willing also to divide the reductions
of those burdens. 1 should be very sorry, for
the sake of the principle which it must estab-
lish, to see the motion of my-friend, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, succeed. I repeat,
if pig iron and steel rails cannot bear ten per
cent, reduction, I know of no articles in this
bill upon which the duties are reduced which
can bear the reduction ; certainly I must be
entirely right in saying that there are a great
many here that should not have the duties
reduced.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly. •
Mr. MORTON. If the demand is so great
and the price is such that the reduction of duty
cannot affect the price, then the reduction
simply affects the revenue?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 must confess I can
hardly understand how the proposition of the
Senator from Indiana can he correct. A re-
duction of ten per cent, duty may not affect
the revenue, or it may. The general experi-
ence is that as you reduce duties you increase
the consumption. Perhaps I did not fully
understand the Senator from Indiana. Does
the Senator think that iron should refuse to
bear its share of reduction?
Mr. MOUTON. if the Senator will allow
me, by the last tariff bill we reduced the duty
on pig iron two dollars a ton, and since that
time tbe price of iron has increased. I ask
the Senator from Pennsylvania how much
larger it is now than it was then?
Mr. SCOTT. It has gone up from thirty
to forty eight dollars.
Mr. MQR 1'ON. The effect of that reduc-
tion of two dollars a ton has been to reduce
the revenue, not to increase it. The Govern-
ment has lost that much revenue.
Mr. BLAIR. Tbe Senator is mistaken.
There has been no loss of revenue on iron by
that reduction. It is quite as large, if not
larger, than it was before the reduction, and
there is no interest in this country as pros-
perous at this time as this particular iron
manufacture, and 1 cannot, conceive of the ob-
jection to making that industry bear the same
reduction that is borne by all others.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, iron is
tbe metal of civilization, and the more civil-
ization you have in a country the more iron is
in demand, ft may very well be, as the Sen-
ator from Indiana suggests—and the thought
had occurred to me also—that in spite of the
reduction of duties the demand for iron has
increased so enormously as greatly to increase
the price. It may also he that those engaged
in this great inleiest, requiring enormous
capital to carry it on successfully, are so few
in number, ami have such facilities foi com-
bining to keep up the price, that they have
succeeded in producing that increase of price
It must be true as nearly a universal proposi-
tion that in the same degree in which you
diminish taxes on produeiion you cheapen
production. Taxes enter into the cost of pro-'
duction. Who will deny that whenever you
reduce the cost of production you cheapen
production? In other woids, you cheapen the
price of the product. Accidental circum-
stances may defeat the operation of the rule
for awhile; combinations may intentionally
defeat it; the truth, however, remains the
same.
There seems to be a dispute also whether
the revenue has suffered by the reductions.
The Senator from Indiana asserts one state of
facts in that regard; the Senator from Mis-
souri asserts an opposite state of facts. I am
not sufficiently informed to be able to say
whether I agree with either Semator. I hope
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will not be adopted. I must defer fur-
ther remarks because I am unable to talk
against the noise of the elements.
[During the honorable Senator's remarks a
heavy rain storm occurred, and the pattering
of the rain on the glass roof of the Senate
Chamber made it almost impossible to speak
or hear in the Chamber.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is unable under the circumstances to preserve
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. I should like very much, if I
could be heard for one moment, to reply to
the Senator from California and the Senator
from Illinois, and if the reporter can hear me
I will proceed.
The Senator from Illinois said that whenever
the iron interest was touched iron squealed. I
believe that was his language. Now, sir, I have
looked very briefly at the few articles upon
whice this ten per cent, reduction is proposed
to operate, and bearing in mind what I have
said that two years ago there was atwenty-two
per cent, reduction upon pig iron, let us see
whether this statement about the peculiar sen-
sitiveness of iron is justified. I know it is made
the scape-goat upon which all the sins of pro-
tection are saddled, but it is a total misappre-
hension.
Now, sir, starting with cotton goods in this
reduction, they have about one hundred per
cent, protection, and can bear a reduction of
ten per cent, and leave ninety; whereas pig
iron has not more than twenty-five per cent,
now. Come down t,o woolen goods, and they
have more than one hundred per cent. You
can take off ten per cent, and leave ninety
there; whereas pig iron and steel rails have
not, moie than twenty-five or thirty per cent.
Take copper ; it has a protection ot forty-five
per cent., and it can stand ten per cent, off'
and have forty per cent. left. Take rice ;
it, has got a protection of one hundred and
fifty per cent,., and it is not proposed to reduce
it at, all. Take salt; it has a protection of
one hundred and eighty per cent., and you
bring it down one hundred per cent, and it has
eighty left. So you may go on with all the
industries that are protected. Take even
flaxseed, the product of your western Slates.
Flaxseed oil has a duty of fifty-four per cent,
upon it; it can stand a reduction of ten per
cent,, although it is not touched, and it is
higher than pig iron or steel rails. All we
are asking for here is to be let alone at even
a lower rate of protection than either cottons
or woolens, or salt, or rice, or flaxseed oil.
There is a total misapprehension about this
system of protection being intended for the
benefit of the iron interests altogether, and a
still greater misapprehension that, Pennsylva-
nia is particularly interested in it. Ohio is
more interested in it than Pennsylvania, and
Indiana more yet. I hold in my hand a
pamphlet received this morning from a most
intelligent gentleman in which be lays down
ihe fact, and I suppose it is the truth, that
taking the ores of Michigan, Lake Superior,
and Missouri, and using thein with the coals
of Indiana, if they are sufficiently protected,
in a few years they will make the best steel in
the world. We are better able to stand this
reduction probably in Pennsylvania than they
are in Indiana, for this reason : we have made
our experiments; we have tried what ores are
adapted to this fuel and to that fuel; but it
has been at great expense, and very often to
the total ruin of those who have made the
experiments. If you permit the products of
those countries that htive been hundreds of
years in making their experiments and adapt-
ing their ores to their fuel, finding that which
is best adapted to make this class of iron and
that class of iron, finding that which is adapted
to the manufacture of Bessemer steel, to come
in competition, you will never enable the peo-
ple who own the coal mines of Indiana and the
ores of Missouri and Lake Superior to carry
on and perfect those experiments, so that we
shall be independent of those countries upon
which we have hitherto and so often been
dependent.
The Senator from Illinois is mistaken if he
supposes that protection is intended peculiarly
for iron, and that it is only the iron interest
that is sensitive when you propose to reduce
it. This proposed reduction, as 1 have shown,
is a greater reduction upon the iron interest
than upon any one of those that are affected,
while there are many protected now at a higher
rate than the iron interest that are not touched
at all in this bill. Sir, it is not a selfish in-
terest, but it is in the highest, sense of the
term a national interest that these industries
should be protected.
While I am up I will say that I am against
this whole ten per cent, reduction. We do
not need it for our own prosperity. We do
not pay it as a tax. We keep it there as a
protection. I do not propose to go into that
subject now, nor repeat what I have hereto-
fore said on this subject; but I do ask the
Senate to adhere to its former action and
not within two years make a double reduc-
tion upon these interests. Both pig iron and
steel rails were adjusted in 1870 at what was
then deemed proper, and now you propose a
ten per cent, reduction upon duties fixed dur-
ing the war on other interests, and another
ten per cent, reduction on duties fixed two
years ago under different circumstances on pig
iron and steel rails, which I have already said
is making a reduction of thirty three per cent,
on pig irou instead of a reduction of ten- per
cent.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question, but let me say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that be totally misappre
bended my remark. The remark which I
made, and which has appeared to excite the
Senator, was not applicable to Pennsylvania
at all. I did not mention his State, nor did I
mention pig iron. I said this: that while a
reduction of ten per cent, was going on in
reference to every other article, the moment
you touched pig iron with a reduction of ten per
cent, every person interested squealed. It
may not have been a very proper remark just
at that time, and I will not say that it was;
but it was not applicable to pig iron particu-
larly, nor applicable to Pennsylvania particu-
larly ; it was applicable generally, and it is
a true remark. I have never known it to
fail since I have been m Congress that that is
the fact. What I did wish to say was, and
what 1 wish to say now is this: I do not desire
to take the protection or the tariff off iron to
the exclusion of other articles; but I do wish
to be just, and when a reduction of ten per
cent, is made on other articles, all should be
included, and iron and steel are as capable of
standing that reduction as any other articles.
The argument of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania in regard to flaxseed and the other arti-
cles he mentioned is not a good argument as
applicable to iron. When you areselling iron
rails for eighty dollars per ton, it will not do
to compare a ten per cent, reducuon on that
with a ten per cent, reduction on flaxseed or
some article of that sort. That is not such
an article as produces the great profit that
your rails and your iron do at this time.
I said at first that so far as the reduction of
ten per cent, was concerned, the protection
of the articles to the manufacturer would not
affect the present high prices, nor do I believe
it, will do so. The pricts ate so exorbitant at
this time that the protection of ten per cent,
does not affect the manufacturer, but it does
to that degree affect the man who consumes
the article ; and when we are reducing taxa-
tion, without looking to that particular item^
