3008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympsox, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a concurrent
resolution providing that four thousand addi-
tional copies of the reconnoissance of Arizona
and Nevada be printed in quarto form and
bound; of which one thousand copies shall
be for the use of the Senate, and twenty-seven
hundred and fifty for the use of the House
of Representatives, and two hundred and fifty
for distribution by the chief of engineers of
the United States Army; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (H. R. No. 1191) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 18*73, and for other
purposes, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
OilDEH Oi' BUSINESS.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I desire
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on Commerce a bill for present consid-
eration.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. ELDREDGE. And I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my objection
to the request of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Townsekd.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I insist on my motion
to adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 31, noes 07.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was on the' motion of Mr.
Dawes, that the House take a recess until
halt' past seven o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to include in the
motion that the session of this evening be for
the purpose of general debate on the tariff
only, as in Committee of the Whole.
_ Mr. SARGENT. I object to that. I ask
simply ten or fifteen minutes to pass one of
the most important appropriation bills that
me before t[lR House this session.
The SPEAKER. The majority can take a
recess, but the order of business can only be
determined by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. So tar as I am concerned,
1 will not object to the House sitting long
enough to dispose of the business of which
the gentleman from California [Mr. SargextI
lias charge.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
sprakur pro tbmpoke.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent,
the Chair was authorized to appoint a Speaker
pro tempore for to-morrow and next day, and
.pursuance of the authority thus given the
Chair names as Speaker pro tempore for the
sessions of the House on those days Mr. Henry
Dawes, Representative, of Massachusetts,
fl. 7 1 <lurSstl0n bei"S taken On the motion
that the House take a recess, it was agreed
to. Lhe House accordingly (at five o'clock
and five minutes p. m.) took a recess until
Uaii past seven o clock p, m.
EVENING SESSION.
*?CeSS haV'ng exP'red, the House re-
d m Mr TW®" -at u P?st seven o'clock
temporf. " °halr as SF'eakei'/ ''>
order OP business.
,Mr\ CONGER. I move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the tariff bill
Mr. SHOEMAKER, i ask unanimous con-
sent to report a bill from the Committee on
the I erritones, in order to have it printed and
recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL. There is no quorum pres-
ent, and I object to any business being trans-
j acted. But if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Shoemaker] will agree that the
bill shall not be brought back by a motion to
reconsider, I will not object.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I agree to that.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to make a single
remark. 1 understand that quite a number of
gentlemen desire to speak on the tariff bill,
and I am aware that general debate on that
bill is to close at three o'clock to-morrow. In
consideration of that fact, I will not press the
Indian appropriation bill now, but I give
notice that I will endeavor to call it up at the
first opportunity.
utah, idaho, and montana railroad.
Mr. SHOEMAKER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Territories, re-
ported back the bill (H. R. No. 2-173) granting
the right of way through the public lands for
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line for the Utah, Idaho, and Montana Rail-
road Company, with a substitute; which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted to the
I same committee.
Mr. SHOEMAKER moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill and substitute were
recommitted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
btjtleil, miller and company.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H R. No. 2GC8) for the
relief of Butler, Miller Co.. and Hawkes,
Miller Co.; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
.10JIN GIBBS.
Mr. VAN TRUMP also, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2G39)
granting a pension to John Gibbs ; which was
read a_ first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
indian' appropriation bill. <
Mr. RANDALL. I beg to state to the gen- |
tleman from California [Mr. SargextJ that I i
do not wish to impede the progress of the ap- I
propriation hill of which he has charge. I !
therefore suggest to him that he make a motion
to assign Tuesday next, immediately after the I
reading of the Journal, for the consideration '
of the Indian appropriation bill. I
Mr. SARGENT. I make that motion, and 1
ask that the bill be considered in the House
as m Committee ot the Whole under the five-
minutes rule.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
TARIFF.
ilr. TAFFE. I desire to have a bill read,
W'5r a ne«^T^° ^8 being !'ut UP0H its passage.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. TAFFE. Will the gentleman not hear
it read?
Mr. RANDALL. I do notobjeet to its being
read.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
tricts*11 ^ rolation to tlle creation of new land dis-
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
hearing the bill read, but I give notice that
if any act,on uPon itat this time.
Mr. TAFFE. It is a short bill.
Mr. RANDALL. No matter; I shall object
to its consideration now.
Mr. CONGER. Then I insist upon my mo-
l'0rW u ?,° mt0 Committee of the Whole on the
tarin bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the W hole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Sco-
field in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce
duties on imports, and to reduce internal taxes,
and tor other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemau from
New Jersey [Mr. Hazklton] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HAZELTON, of New .Jersey, and Mr.
HIBBARD addressed the committee. [Their
remarks will be published in the Appendix 1
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman
it is a most gratifying fact, and sneaks vol!
umes for the energy of the people and the
resources of the country, that since the close
of the war and prior to the organization of
the present Congress we have been able to
reduce taxes to the extent in round numbers
of $252,000,000^ The present Congress, by
act of May 1, 1872, has made a further reduc-
tion of 817,000.000 by placing tea and coffee
on the free list, making (he total reduction to
date S269.O00,000, and now we are engaged
in modifying the revenue laws with a view to
a still further reduction of at least $33,000,000,
which if consummated will make 550,000,000
for this session, and a total since the war of
$302,000,000, which, together with the further
fact that notwithstanding these immense re-
ductions of taxes the public d bt since March
1, 1809, has been reduced $328,000,000, is a
result alike creditable to the Administration
and satisfactory to the people.
But I am aware that in reducing taxes the
question will arise as to wneie and from what
| articles reductions shall be made, and this
| question is one of vital interest to both pro-
i ducers and consumers. The preconceived
j opinions and opposing views of gentlemen on
I the taritf question will doubtless have much
{ to do in shaping their course and controlling
, their votes on the various modifications and
j reductions which may be proposed, but all, I
, apprehend, are agreed and will engage with
| avidity in the pleasing duty of reducing taxes.
Still the question arises and must be met, shall
vye make the entire reduction from the internal
list, or shall we divide it between internal and
import duties?
ixterxal eevexue.
The internal revenue system in this country,
as all very well know, grew out of the neces-
sities of the war, and was regarded as a purely
war measure to be abandoned as soon as the
necessities of the Government should justify
it. 'I he taxes under this system were laid
on lightly at first, amounting in 1863 to
$41,000,000, but reaching in 1866 nearly
$311,000,000, and falling in 1871 to $144.-
000,000. showing an aggregate in eight years
of SI,626,572,882 22. an astounding sura, and
one which approximates our entire national
indebtedness. This tax is a blight upon pros-
perity, a clog to enterprise, and a burden upon
the country which nothing but dire necessity
can justify. It is my belief that there is no
one grievance that the people so much desire
to get rid of as this system of direct taxation,
together with its army of revenue officers, and
it. does seem to me that the time has come
when we can set free from this species of tax-
ation every article of domestic production ex-
cept spirits, tobacco, and malt liquors, and I
trust the day is not far distant when we shall
be able to exempt these also.
Ihe income tax, which by limitation of
law ceased with the year 1871, was, in my
judgment, less offensive to the people than
the stamp tax which still exists. Our fathers,
in 1776, regarded a similar tax imposed by
the mother country as one of the prominent
and justifiable reasons for revolt: but be-
cause of the necessities of the Government
the people have borne it patiently since
1863. _ rihe actual expense in the rural dis-
tricts is less complained of than the trouble
and inconvenience to which the people in the
more sparsely settled portions of the coun-
try are subjected, being compelled in raauy
instances to travel from fifteen to thirty miles
to procure a stamp before a contract or ob'i"
gation can be made legal. The Treasury cau
now dispense with the revenue arising from
this source without serious inconvenience.
