1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the effect upon one or the other, it is but just
and fair that it should bear alike upon all
manufactures, upon all interests, and upon all
industries of the country. That is the propo-
sition 1 desire to make to the Senate.
I know this is a great interest, and I would
be as far from striking it down as any Senator
here to-day. This measure does not strike it
down, nor does it affect it in the least so far
as the manufacture of the article is concerned;
and the very argument made by the Senator
from Indiana is an argument in favor of reduc-
tion when he says it does not affect the reve-
nue. Why, sir, is that an argument from a
statesman, that because the revenues are not
affected by this decrease except to decrease
the revenues, therefore it should not be made?
Let me ask the Senator from Indiana why
have you made an aigument in this Chamber
for the reduction of revenues at all? Because
the revenues are more than the necessities of
the Government require, and hence a reduc-
tion is proposed upon all. The argument is
made that the reduction of taxation, either
internal or external, makes no difference be-
cause we produce more revenues under our
tariff and internal revenue system than are
required, and hence a portion of the bur-
dens are to be taken off the people, and it is
because we have more revenue than we want.
That is the argument for it. If we had not
more revenue than we needed; we would not
take off the taxes at all, but because we have
more we do take them off. Then if we take
them off because we have more than we
require, we should take off equally from all
the industries of the country.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Air. LOGAN. Oeitainly.
Mr. MORTON. We have more revenue
than we need. We can dispense, I think,
with fifty or bixty millions. I would be in
favor ol reducing the revenue if I could in
such cases where it would reduce the price of
the article, and relieve the people of a burden
to that extent; but it so happens that the con-
dition of iron and steel is anomalous. The
demand is greater than the supply, and you
may take off the revenue in that case without
diminishing the price of the article, and of
course you take no burden off the people.
That is the point, that the condition of iron
and steel is anomalous, and you do not relieve
the people by reducing the revenue on those
articles. Therefore, there would be an argu-
ment for keeping the revenue where it is 011
those articles, and taking it off other articles
where the demand is not greater than the
supply, and where you will reduce the price
by reducing the revenue.
Mr. LOGAN. This argument in reference
to reducing the price by reducing the tariff is
an argument that cats both ways. There is
but one way to test it and to ascertain the
fact, and that is by the reduction. Sometimes
the reduction of the tariff does not reduce the
price of the article, but that piice is not aug-
mented because of the reduction ; it is because
of some other reason, as in the case of these
very articles to-day. You reduced the tariff'
on pig iron two years ago, and pig iron is
higher to-day than it was two years ago ; but
is that because you reduced the tariff? Cer-
tainly not. It is caused by other things com-
bining and conspiring together and producing
a necessity tor a quantity that was not required
before, and hence the article is enhanced in
price'. But you might say the same in refer-
ence to any other article for which there was a
great demand, that taking off the tariff would
not reduce the price. There is but one way
to test it. While you advance the argument
that the tariff is for the protection of the
manufacturer and he must be protected when-
ever tiie price is so enhanced that it ceases to
be a protection so far as the tariff' is concerned,
I should like to know then why you cannot
reduce the duty upon that article, and at the
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 245.
same time affect the manufacturer? That is
the point. Is the manufacturer, the man who
wants to be protected, affected by this reduc-
tion? If he is not, the question as to the con-
sumer being affected is a question that will
solve itself.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator wliile he is
upon the subject of decreasing the revenue
permit me to give him the figures upon that
subject with regard to pig iron and steel rails
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871 ? For
the first six months of that year the revehue
on. pig iron was $617,451; for the second half
of the year, $835,818; on steel rails in the
first half of that fiscal year the revenue was
$439,210 80, and in the second half of that
year $729,568 81, showing instead of a de-
crease of the revenue by this decrease of duty,
an increase of the revenue from the increased
importation.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the argument I did
not exactly understand how to make, and it
has been made much better in favor of my
proposition by the Senator from Pennsylvania
than I could make it. The argument is this:
that a reduction of the duty on pig iron in-
creased our revenues. Is not that true ?
Mr. SCOTT By increasing the importations.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly; and it is applica-
ble to steel rails. If that is true, then what
becomes of the argument of the Senator from
Indiana? He says he is opposed to reducing
the tariff ou pig iron and steel rails. Why?
Because it reduces the revenue; hence, lie
does not want to reduce the revenue, inasmuch
as the protection is unnecessary. But the
very moment he says that the Senator from
Pennsylvania gets up and reads a statement
which proves that it doe3 increase the revenue
when you reduce the duty.
Mr. SCOTT. Permit me to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the fact that that was
before the advance of the puce in Europe and
here.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly. It only proves
that we have a strange way or mode of reason-
ing to arrive at the same conclusion. The
Senator from Iudiana insists that we must keep
the tariff up to what it is in order to protect
the revenues, because taking it off is unneces-
sary, inasmuch as it does not affect protection.
The Senator from Pennsylvania argues that
taking it off does increase the revenue, and
hence it ought, not to be taken off because we
want to reduce the revenue. In other words,
if you want to reduce the revenue in this
country put on a high tariff; if you want to
increase the revenue put on a low tariff. That
is the argument of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. The argument of the Senator from
Indiana is that in order to keep the revenue at
what it is, you should keep the tariff at what it
is ; and inasmuch as you have more revenue
than you want, do not take off any revenue,
but let it reduce itself. That is about the
reasoning I would use for the purpose of ar-
riving at the conclusion that the Senator from
Indiana has arrived at.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, I think he clearly loses sight
of the main fact in the ease. Two years ago
the duty on pig iron was reduced two dollars
on the ton. Since that time the price of pig
iron has nearly doubled. There has also
been an increased importation, owing to the
increased demand, and the result of the
increased importation with a reduced tariff
has been an increase of revenue, because the
increase of importation was greater than tjie
reduction of the tariff. In that case clearly
the reduction of the tariff has not influenced
the price, because it has gone up; and if we
had not taken off the two dollars per ton we
should have had just that much more revenue
than we did get; but we have got more rev-
enue than before, because we have imported
moi e. So that the only effect of taking off two
dollars per ton has been a diminished revenue
without gaining anything in any other respect.
The material fact that the Senator overlooks
is the increased consumption, the increased
demand.
Mr. LOGAN. I admit the increased de-
mand ; and that would be my mode of reason-
ing if I were reasoning about it. I should
say that because of the increased demand the
revenues were increased. But I was not rea-
soning for myself; I was examining the.rea
soning of the Senator from Pennsylvania and
the Senator from Indiana to see how they
arrived attheirconclusion, and to ascertain the
same fact. If I had been reasoning for my-
self I would have said it was a question of
demand and supply, and inasmuch as the. de-
mand was greater than the supply, it did not
affect the revenues of the country. That
would have been my reasoning, but it was not
the reasoning of other Senators.
Now, then, the demand to-day is greater
than the supply, and my opinion is that th6
demand will still be greater than the supply.
If so, as 1 said before, the manufacturer is
not affected in any way whatever; and if he
is not affected, while you are reducing th6
revenues, why reduce the tariff for that pur-
pose? You do not want any more revenue
than you have. If you have your eight dol-
lars a ton on pig iron, and it produces mor6
revenue than is necessary from that source,
then you can take it off something else, can
you not? You do not take it off other arti-
cles in proportion. If the demand is so great
that the more you' take off iron the greater is
the revenue, then reduce On some other
article, where it will not have that effect, and
let us have the revenue reduced to that pro-
portion to which we desire it shall be reduced
by decreasing the duties on other articles.
But while you take ten per cent, off other
articles, let iron and steel share the same fate,
and let us see whether or not the revenues
are affected beneficiallyor in the other direc-
tion. It is only on that point that I dwell,
that it is just to all interests, to all classes
of consumers, the manufacturers, and every
interest in this country, that all should fare
alike. When you make the reduction on one,
make it on the other, if it is not in such a
condition that the reduction will affect the
interest itself. If the reduction is so great
as to affect the interest and destroy it, do not
make it; but where it is not, equalize it, and
let all share alike.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. Two years ago a report was made in
the House of Representatives in favor of re-
ducing the duty on iron from nine dollars to
four dollars per ton. The iron-masters of
England, understanding the condition of the
iron market of the world, held a meeting and
decided that of this reduction they would take
sixteen shillings and allow the shippers four
shillings; so the consumers of iron were to
have no benefit from the reduction. The iron-
mongers of England knew better than we did
the condition of the iron market and they
resolved to secure the benefit of the reduction.
We reduced the duty two dollars instead of
four dollars a toil. They took the whole ben-
efit of it, and the consumers here have received
nothing. What has been the effect of the
reduction? I believe iron is higher to day for
that reduction. It is higher than it would
have been if no reduction had been made. It
had a tendency to prevent the erection of new
milis, to check production. We'have increased
during the last two years about one hundred
thousand tons, when we should have increased
at least five hundred thousand tons. To secure
a reduction in the price of iron the production
should be incieased. Now, sir, 1 believe a
reduction at this time, when the tendency is
to go iuto the manufacture owing to the high
prices, will be to keep up prices for a ytar or
two longer. What we want in this country is
to develop the manufacture of iron, to increase
it, aud increase it enormously in all parts of
