1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3009
Hence this tax, yielding about sixteen million
dollars, as well as the tax on gas and lucifer
matches, yielding each about twenty-five hun-
dred thousand dollars, should be wiped out at
once, never again to return in time of peace.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his last
annual report, uses the following language :
"In the suggestions I have the honor to make in
reference to the reduction of taxes I keep in view
two important facts: first, that the ability of the
nation to pay at least fifty millions annually of the
principal of the public debt shall not be impaired ;
and. secondly, that in the change of the revenue
system no violence shall be_ done to the business
interests of the country. While I do not undertake
to state precisely the causes which have contributed
to the public prosperity, there is no substantial rea-
son for questioning the truth of the statement that
the last few years have been tile most prosperous in
the history of the country; years without example
in our own affairs, and without parallel in the affairs
of any other Government."
These are sound financial views and worthy
of the statesman who uttered them. Let us
then see to it that in changing our revenue
laws " ilo violence shall be done to the business
interests of the country." Let reductions be
made from such articles as we cannot or do
not produce, and not from such articles as
come directly in competition with those pro-
duced by the labor of our own people.
WAR UPON DOMESTIC INDUSTRIES.
Mr. Chairman, it cannot be doubted that a
war of great virulence is being waged against
the domestic industries and interests of the
people of the United States. This war has
been carried on for more than fifty years, with
more or less success, victory perching now
upon the banners of the enemy and then upon
those of the Republic—a war against labor,
capital, commerce, manufactures, agriculture,-
and every enterprise which tends to develop
the resources ot the country, strengthen the
independence of the nation, and enhance the
interests of the people.
Perhaps no people in the world are harder
to drive, and certainly none are more easily
coaxed and led, than those of the United
Slates. England, aided and abetted by her
American free trade friends and allies—the
very worst enemies of the laboring man and
of every industrial pursuit—lias for long years
been preparing for the battle now being lought.
She has been strengthening and extending her
fortifications, advancing her picket lines, and
mustering into her service every American
recruit found willing to sacrifice the industrial
enterprises of his own country for the benefit
of foreigners.
EFFECT OF PROTECTION.
No one who has taken tbe trouble to exam-
ine the history of the country has failed to
see that those periods in which industry and
enterprise have been most amply rewarded,
and the country most prosperous, are precisely
those periods when the productions of the
farm, the mill, and the mine, have ha.d the
fostering care and protecting efficacy of na-
tional law. During the war of 1812 we had
an average rate of duty ranging from forty-
seven to sixty per cent. The result was that
in the older and more populous States, espe-
cially those of New England, where labor and
capital were more abundant, manufacturing
establishments went up as by magic, labor
was in demand at good prices, agricultural
productions were taken at remunerative rates,
all branches of busines and all classes of the
people were prosperous beyond a precedent
in our former history, and we began to feel
ior the first time that we could live independ-
ently of the outside world. But in 1816, just
after the war, our revenue laws were re-
vised, and at one swoop the average rate of
duty was reduced from fifty-five to twenty-
hve per cent,., and subsequently to fourteen
percent. The results were as they ever must
fifl "?nc®er su°h reductions—our ports were
nlled to overflowing with foreign goods, im-
portations increasing from thirteen millions
in 1815 to one hundred and forty-seven mil-
lions in 1816. The country was drained of
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 189.
the precious metals to pay the balances of
trade; our manufactories were closed; pro-
prietors were ruined; laborers thrown out of
employment, and bankruptcy and ruin per-
vaded the land, all in a single year, which
must be regarded as the legitimate results of
erroneous legislation, to be guarded against
if possible in all future time. There are yet
men living who have a vivid recollection of
the commetcial distress which pervaded the
country from 1815 to 1820, and who would
shrink with horror from such legislation as
would bring about a similar state of affairs.
But in 1820 the average rate of duties was
again increased to twenty-nine per cent., and
vibrated between twenty-nine and forty per
cent, up to 1837, during which period the
conntry was again prosperous. But the re-
duction which commenced in 1832, reaching
an average duty of fifteen per cent, in 1834,
and culminating in bankruptcy in 1837, when
the reduction had reached an average duty of
twelve per cent., will never be forgotten by
tlie American people. A general increase of
duties in 1842 again brought relief and pros
perity to the country, which continued until
the revenue tariff of 1840 was enacted, under
which the energies of the country where again
paralyzed. But by the act of llaroh 3, 1857,
the average rate of duties was cut down to
seventeen per cent., which increased importa-
tions in that year to the enormous sum of
$361,000,000, an amount unequaled in any
former year, and the energies of the country
were taxed beyond endurance to pay this im-
mense sum; hence the general distress and
bankruptcy of that year. 1 hazard nothing
in the assertion that with the exception of
secession, the doctrine of free trade or rev-
enue reform, which, as I understand it, means
about the same thing, has caused this country
greater distress and greater financial loss than
any other political heresy that has ever been
promulgated.
NECESSITIES OP THE WAR.
During the first half of the last decade, the
country was harassed by a war of unparalleled
virulence; men and money were indispensible,
and both were furnished without stint,. Dur-
ing the last half the necessities ol'the Govern-
ment have been such as to tequiie increased
amounts of revenue, and the people have re-
sponded to the demands of the tax-gatherer
as no people ever did before. The credit and
perpetuity of the Republic have been assured,
because the people had the will and the means
to do it; and yet during the whole of those ten
years of unparalleled taxation the country has
been prosperous beyond a precedent, and it
must be conceded that, our revenue laws, afford-
ing reasonable protection to and stimulating
our industries, have been the great financial
lever underlying and contributing quite as much
to our prosperity as the energy of the people.
It may sat'eiy be said that the manufactur-
ing industries of the United States have within
the last five years attained a vitality and im-
portance far in advance of our highest expect-
ations. Indeed, every productive industry of
the country seems to be enlarging and diver-
sifying its operations to an extent which, with-
out careful study and close observation, is dif-
ficult to understand.
LABOR AND MATERIAL.
The question of utilizing the labor and mate-
rial of the country is of such paramount im-
portance that it can hardly be too much dis-
cussed in order to a correct understanding.
It is well known that the chief element of
wealth in New England is her manufactures
without which she would be as poor as the
most impoverished States of the South; and
how well the shrewd Yankees know how to
encourage and protect this interest by State
law in addition to any and all protection af-
forded by tariff enactments is shown by an act
of the Legislature of Maine, in 1864, declaring
that all manufactures thereafter commenced
shall be exempt from taxation for ten years,
provided the towns in which they are located
shall consent to the same. Vermont by statute
of 1867 has enacted the same provisions for
five years. If such laws have been wise and
beneficial to the people of Maine and Ver-
mont, why would they not be equally so to the
people of the western and southern Stales?
It is a well known fact that in any district or
State where manufacturing and agricultural
interests are in harmony, are combined prop-
erly, dividing labor between the two, wages are
higher, and the intelligence and prosperity of
the people promoted far in advance of localities
where either industry prevails to the partial
exclusion of the other. This statement, is veri-
fied by labor statistics, anil any gentleman who
will take the trouble to examine the table will
find that farm labor is forty per cent, higher
in Massachusetts than it is in Maryland,"and
one hundred percent,, higher in Pennsylvania
than it is in Virginia, and this deference can
only be accounted lor on the gioiind ibat Penn-
sylvania and Massaehuseifs are largely engaged
in manufacturing, while the other two States
named are not.
During the last decade the workingmcn
have advanced to the front, ranks of respect-
ability. Labor has been made to talo* a higher
posilion, and to-day commands higher respect
than ever before, and in the same proportion
f.iciliiies for clothing, feeding, and educating
the children of the laboring classes have been
enhanced. The amount of capital employed
and the number of manufacturing establish
meuts in every branch of industry have been
increased to correspond in some degree with
the wants and capabilities of the rapidly-in-
creasing population of the country. Our enorm-
ous debt, entailed upon us as one of the results
of the war, is being paitl at a rate not even
approximated by any other nation, and all
classes and conditions of the people are pros-
perous beyond any period in onr history. I
submit, then, in view of these facts, whether
it is a time to give heed to the unceasing cry
of revenue reformers for a reduction on such
imported articles of foreign manufacture as
come in direct competition with those of
American production. If the time shall ever
come when the capitalists of this country will
loan money as cheaply, and the laboring men
work for the sa,me wages as those of Europe,
then, and not till then, we may adopt a tree-
trade policy.
A SUPPOSITION.
Suppose the domain lying south of the Po-
tomac river belonged to a separate and inde-
pendent Government—a supposition which at
one period in our history many feared would
be an accomplished fact; and suppose on
either side of that river there stands a manu-
facturing establishment, whether of wool, cot-
ton, iron, leather, or anything else, it matters
not. They are of the same capacity, each
requiring the same amount of capital and labor
to turn out an equal amount of goods, but the
proprietor of the establishment on the north
side is obliged to pay double the rate of inter-
est on capital, double the wages of labor
employed, and double the amount of-taxes
paid by his competitor on the south side. Now,
if the latter be allowed to cross the river with
his goods free of duty, or with a duty at such
rates as would fall largely below the difference
in the rates of interest, labor, and taxes re-
ferred to, and to put them upon the market in
competition with those of his rival on the north
side, does any one fail to see that the latter
would be compelled to close his establishment,
dismiss his laborers, and probably go into
bankruptcy ? Now, if we substitute the Atlantic
ocean for the Potomac river, I think the case
is illustrated.
Any argument against protection to Amer-
ican productions is, in my judgment, equally
an argument against American labor, manu-
factures, and agriculture; also against the
development of the resources of this grand
