1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2113
devote their lives to it. Their work is so
arduous, and in certain seasons so dangerous,
that the experience of centuries has demon-
strated the necessity of conferring upon them
the monopoly of their trade. As early as the
fourteenth century laws were promulgated, and
since incorporated in nearly every maritime
code, rendering it compulsory on the master
of a ship to employ a pilot when sailing near
a coast.
There is probably no better disciplined body
of men in the world, in any profession, than
our State pilots.
The pilot's life is one of hardship, wild ro-
mance, and danger. None but brave men
enter that service, and yet their present pay,
which would be greatly reduced by this pro-
posed change in existing laws, is to my mind
inadequate to the services rendered. The
average pay of New York pilots is a trifle less
than two thousand dollars per annum.
I doubt if ther'e is a man in this House who
would respond to a pilot signal in the storms
of December, and board a ship at the peril of
his lite, lor the gain of a cargo of gold. A
pilot must board the first vessel that signals ;
he has no choice. He must brave danger (and
pestilence if need be) to take into poit the first
signaling ship. The very life of a pilot, like
the petrel, is spent gliding on the waves. He
must stay on his pilot-ground in all weathers
with an anxious outlook for the coming ship.
Every year boats are wrecked and the lives
of pilots sacrificed to duty. Men who peril
their lives amid the wildest storms of ocean
should at least be protected in the integrity of
their organization. It is true it is a monopoly
under existing laws, but it is a monopoly of
a life of hard work and danger. Seven to ten
years' apprenticeship is required before a pilot
can receive a license. He enters upon duty
at the age of twenty-eight, and retires at fifty-
six, a worn-out man. American ship-owners
and underwriters do not complain of the pilot
or the existing laws. It is an attack made by
English captains and English ship-owners to
break up our present system. It is but another
attempt of Englishmen to break down and
override the safeguards of American com-
merce.
England ! who in all her shameless wars of
commerce has alternately played the coward
and the bully, and who in her greed of con-
quest for the gain of trade has recorded on the
brow of English civilization some of the black-
est crimes in human history. Englishmen!
whom such noblemen as John Bright could
not influence, ever hoped to see this vast exper-
iment of universal liberty fail. They skulked
in craven cowardice behind disaster up to the
giant Republic and struck her a blow at an
hour when all our energies were concentrated
to self-preservation. Our Republic reeled, but
did not fall. To-day we stand erect and proud
before the nations of earth. The slumbering
energies of a mighty people wait at Geneva a
triumph that dignifies the highest attributes of
roan—a triumph to rest 011 the page of history,
greater and grander than if we were battering
down the walls of London or scuttling ships
on the Thames. It will be the triumph of
manly right over a coward wrong ; liberty over
monarchy.
England swept our commerce from the
seas. In the year 1871 five hundred and fifty-
three foreign steamers arrived and nineteen
hundred and thirty-three sailing ships. Foreign
steamers paid pilotage, $118.983 62; sailing,
$219,401 86; total, §338,384 98. American
steamers, $11,029 83; sailing, $105,843 14;
total, $116,872 97. Shenow seeks, in her greed
of money, to break down our perfected system
of pilotage to demoralize a necessary adjunct
to our restoration as mistress of the seas—a sys-
tem which for more than thirty years has won
the admiration of all our most practical and
humane men. The in-piloting of ships em-
braces all weathers; ship3 leave ports only in
calm weather. It is only just and right that the
42d Co>"g. 2d Snss.—No. 133.
pilot who lays in outer pilot-ground through
storms and pilots in a ship should be allowed
to pilot her out. It has been deemed for so
many years an important link in a perfected
chain that none who have the safety of life
and property at heart will ask that the present
law be repealed, as its repeal destroys the
present, pilot laws. Foreign ship-owners and
captains doubtless could bargain for outward
pilotage at one quarter the price of in-pilotage,
but it would demoralize and destroy the whole
system if peimitted. I have here a petition
signed by all the underwriters of New York:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
The undersisrued, underwriters of the city of New
York, respectiully represent to j'our honorable body
that by reason of the nature of their business, (the
in&uring of vessels aud caigoes,) they are very hugely
interested in the safe navigation of vessels entering
and leaving the ports of the United States.
That they learn thnt an important part of section
fifty-ono of the bill (11. R. No. 1850) now before the
House, being a bill to amend an act entitled 44 An
act to provide for the better security ot life on board
vessels piopelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes,'' approved February 23,1871, has
been struck out; being the words l'ollowins, namely :
"Provided, however, That nothing in this^act shall
be construed to annul or affect any regulation estab-
lished by the laws of any State requiring vessels
entering or leaving a port in any such State, other
than coastwise steam vessels, to take a pilot duly
licensed or authorized by the laws ot sucu State, or
of a State situate upon the wateis of such State."
Thar, tins provision was inserted in the existing
law of Congress to prevent collision between tho
pilots licensed for steam vessels by the United States
authorities and the port pilots licensed by tho sev-
eral States, and that the absence of that pmvimon
would injuriously affect thepie-ient Srato pilot sys-
tem of the port of New York, by depriving tho New
York and New Jersey Stale pilots ot tho support
which alone enables thfun lo maintain an efhoient
pilot service, not only lor the protection of steam-
ships engaged in loreign trade, hut also of tho num-
erous sailing slnp> and the thre^ hundred rhousaud
passengers and 1500,000,OjO of pioportv which annu-
ally enter and leave the port of Now Yoik.
Your petitioners having long experience with
tho operation of the State pilot system at this great
port of tho country, and believing they are acting in
behalf of the great interests of property and the still
greater interests of human life, do respectfully and
most earnestly ask that no alteration be made in
section fifty-one of the existing law, but that said
section be retained m full, without alteration or
omission, and that it be replaced as section fifty-one
in the bill in question, now before the House, before
it is put upon its passage.
And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever
pray, &c. _
daniel drake smith,
President Commercial Mutual Insurance Company.
J.D.JONES,
President Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company.
THOMAS WALTER,
President Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company.
ALFRED OGDION,
Vice President Orient Mutual Insurance Company.
JOHN H.LYULju,
President ISexc York Mutual /,i*itranec Company.
WILLIAM R. CORNELL,
Marine Secretary J'hf'ni.r Insurance Company.
JOHN K. MYERS,
President Pac/'H'- Mu'u-d J,.,urnncc Company.
JOHN P. PAULJSON,
President Sun Mutual Insurance Company.
JOHN A. PARKER,
President Gimt Wcit'-i it Insurance Company.
FERDINAND STAGG,
Secretary Union Mutual Insurance Coimwny.
RORINSON & CO.,
United Stafci Lloyds.
WALKER & IloLDEN,
A'ew Y<" k Lloyd*.
The marine insurance companies of New
York would make more money for their stock-
holders if the pilotage system were, broken
up. The demoralization of the system would
cause such loss as to double the insurance
charges; but with these American underwrit-
ers, humanity and the interests of commerce
rise above the motives influencing this Eng-
lish dictation.
England, in a moment of our weakness,
swept our commerce irom the se>'S. This
accepted opportunity of a coward has hunsil-
, iated this great liberty-loving people. This
nation of energetic workers are to-day pay-
; ing tribute to a Power which has wrung its
j advantage from our misfortunes.
! We have been humiliated in the loss of our
! commerce, but I have no (ear that this Amer-
! ican Congress will prostrate itself to the dic-
■ tation of a foreign interest, to the destruction
! of a home interest so important to life and
property. Thirty-seven years ago, two ships
laden with human freight, the Mexico and the
Bristol, went to pieces in the breakers of Roek-
away; overlive hundred lives were lost in a
single night. Ever since then good men have
lost no effort to establish off-shore pilotage,
and to push the pilot-ground outside Sandy
Hook. This has increased the danger and
duty of the pilot. Take away the out-bound
pilot pay and we can no longer expect pilots
to remain outside Sandy Hook.
Destroy this system by this proposition, and
we come back again to the old chaos of wrecks
and wreckers, of Barnegat pilots and Barne-
gat xiirates.
1 appeal to the members of this House that
the honor of our country, the integrity of the
pilot" service, the safety of life and property
demands that we do not break down existing
pilot laws.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I do not in-
tend to resist the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Merriam,] which seeks to ingralt. upon
this bill compulsory Stale pilotage. All my
views upon that question aio in lavor of pre-
serving the powers of the State in that regard.
Hence, I shall not antagonize his amendment,.
But. I desire to have it modified as I have indi-
cated, and for reasons which I will give the
House. In the first place, this bill requires
that every sea-going steam vessel, when not
at sea, shall be under the control of a pilot
licensed by the inspectors of steam vessels.
That is the bill as reported. Then the amend-
ment of my colleague provides that it shall be
left, with any Stute to require that the vessel
shall also be under the control of another pilot
to be licensed by the commissioners of that
State.
Mr. HOOPEIl, of Massachusetts. Merely
to come in or go out of port.
Mr. POTTER. 1 moan coming in or going
out of port. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] shakes his head. I know
that H is physically possible the two persons
shall be united in one. The same person may
be licensed as a pilot by the inspectors of
steam vessels, aud also by the conunishioners
of the State, and therefore the two authori-
ties may be united in one person, but with
the amendment of my colleague the bill will
require a pilot licensed by both the State
pilot commissioners and by the inspectors of
steam vessels. Now, what I desire is, that
the owners of steam vessels, if compelled
to take a State pilot in going in and out of
port, be allowed to select from the persons
licensed by the Slate commissioners the par-
ticular pilot they desire. The practical diffi-
culty to ship-owners without some such amend-
ment is this—and I refer now particularly to
the liatbor of New York. By the act of Con-
gress, passed m 1837, I think it is provided
that wherever two States border upon any
navigable waters, any pilot from either of those
States m.ty b-ing in or take outa ship. Now,
in the bay of New Yoik, which borders on the
State of New Jersey and the State of New
York, the employment of a New Jersey pilot,
or of a New Yoik pilot alike comply with the
provisions of this law.
Now, I understand that the pilot commis-
sioners of New York have established certain
onerous regulations oppressive to ship owners
which do not exist in New Jersey, and which
make a New Jersey pilot preferred. One of
these is that the pilot commissioners shall in
e0'eet designate the person to bring in or take
out a ship.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Tho cus-
tom is to take a pilot, out ol the first pilot uoat
which boards a ship. ,
Mr. POTTER. Undoubtedly; andtnat the
pilot who takes a ship in may insist 011 taking
her out. These are the regulations I refer to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The reg-
ulation is that a steamship coming into port
may select a pilot, out of tho first pilot boat
which boards a vessel.
