3906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
the country where we have the ores. So
believing, and beliving that to increase the
quantity produced is the only mode of making
a permanent reduction of prices in the coun-
try, I shall vote for this amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. My own State is interested
in the manufacture of pig iron. She has im-
mense quantities of iron and a number of
furnaces, and she of course is peculiarly in-
terested in' keeping up the duty on that article ;
but I do not think it would be just that her
interests alone should be protected. I think
the principle of a reduction of ten percent,
should prevail in reference to pig iron as well
as .to other articles.
Now, sir, the duty on steel rails is a cent
and a quarter*^. pound, and that, estimating
twenty-two hundred pounds to the ton, makes
a duty of $27 40 per ton, and twenty-two dollars
per ton for iron rails. Is it possible that such a
duty is neeessary to protect the enterprise and
industry of our country? Can we not compete
with foreign labor and capital with less than such
an enprmous duty as this ? Railroads are mul-
tiplying all over the country, and vast amounts
of capital,are invested. If the steel rails of
which they are to be constructed in the main
are to be taxed at such an enormous rate, it
must enter into the price to be paid For pas-
sengers, also for freights, and ultimately must
be paid by the people and become a tax vir-
tually upon the people. Now, it requires
about one hundred and twenty pounds of fct.-el
rails or of iron to the yard, for the construc-
tion of a railroad.
A sixty pound rail is a good one for a rail-
road upon which much freight is carried.
Twice sixty makes one hundred and twenty
pounds to the yard, and the duty of a cent and
a quarter a pound is a tax of SI 50 upon every
yard of railroad that is made of steel rails, and
a tax of $1 20 where it is constructed of iron
rails. Cannot the steel rails bear a reduction
of fifteen cents in the yard and the other of
twelve cents ? Is that a material reduction ?
Is it not an enormous tax that $150 a yard
shall be paid for every yard of road that is
constructed of steel rails and $1 20 a yard for
every yard of iron rails?
I believe that these articles can easily bear
this moderate reduction of ton per cent. That
would leave a tax of $1 35 a yard on steel rails
and about $1 08 on iron rails. The multiplica-
tion of railroads and the building of iron ships
have greatly increased the consumption of
iron. The cost of the construction of rail roads
has been greatly increased by this exorbitant
tax on iron and steel rails. The companies
must charge for passengers and freight at
increased prices. The cheaper you can make
railroads, the less price you will have to pay for
passage and freight; the higher the tax upon
the articles that enter into the construetion
of railroads, the greater the tax for passengers
and freights. Reduce the tax on iron and steel
rails and you reduce the cost of construction,
and consequently the charge for passengers
and freights.
Mr. THURMAN. If I understood the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania he stated that the duty
on steel rails was only about twenty-five per
cent. Was I right in that, that if it were
reduced to an ad valorem, duty, it would be
only about twenty-five per cent.?
Mr. HAMILTON', of Maryland. Forty-five.
Mr. THURMAN. I understood the Sena-
tor to say twenty-five.
Mr. SCOTT. I was speaking of pig iron
at the time, and I said the duty on that was
about twenty per cent.
_ Mr. THURMAN. Why, it is very con-
siderably over fifty, nearly sixty per cent,
instead of being twenty-five per cent. It will
be found on page 114 of the report of the
chief of the Bureau of Statistics, that, the im-
portation of steel rails for 1801 was 58,305,50a
pounds; value, $1,352,496; duty, $729,588.
That makes a duty of nearly sixty per cent,
upon the value. If anything in the world can
bear this reduction of ten per cent., steel rails
can bear it.
I concur in what is stated by the Senator
from Maryland, and I say with him I come
from a State that has immense interests in the
manufacture of iron and has a number of
Bessemer steel rail manufactories; but I am
not going to allow that to make me maintain a
duty that in nay judgment is entirely exorbitant.
So far from putting steel rails in this excepted
class so as to make no reduction at all, if I
had my way they should be reduced a gQod
deal more than ten per cent. I hope, there-
fore, the motion will not prevail.
Mr. WRIGHT. I feel it my duty to say
one word with reference to the action of the
committee on this particular subject. Of
course I need not say to the Senate that a
majority of the committee must have con-
curred in it, or else the bill would not have
been reported in its present shape upon this
particular point. When the bill that passed
the Senate was reported to the Senate some
weeks ago, it will be remembered that pig
iron and steel rails, as well as cotton machin-
ery, were excepted from the operations of the
ten per cent, clause. When the bill was re-
turned frqm the House and was before the
committee this question was' again discussed,
and instead of excepting pig iron and steel
rails, as by the former bill, it was deemed
advisable and better to except cotton machin-
ery alone.
I desire to give very briefly the reasons that
influenced mjs action in the .committee, and
will influence my action here on this subject.
I have no thought or purpose of entering into
a general discussion upon this much-vexed
question. We were arranging the tariff in
committee, as we are here, looking to the rev-
enues of the country and also to its industries.
Nothing is more impossible perhaps than to
arrange the tariff in such a way as to satisfy
and meet the wishes of the several localities
or the respective interests. That is utterly
impossible. It was deemed advisable by the
committee—and the Senate on the former bill
approved that action—to have a reduction of
ten percent, upon certaingreatleadingarticles,
and among others was the general subject of
iron and steel. Now, there is no clause in
this ten per cent, provision, no single line of
it, perhaps, in which if you were to undertake
to make exceptions, and it were left to me, I
might not be inclined to make exceptions;
but we had to act upon a general rule and in
reference to general principles; and if we
undertake as a body here to except everything
that should,, perhaps, when you come down to
consider it upon an abstract rule, be excepted,
we shall never cease making exceptions. I
did not stop to inquire, nor do I stop to inquire
now, whether there may not be cases here and
there, and perhaps many of them, that should
be excepted from the general provision of the
ten per cent, reduction.
_ I therefore am inclined to have as few excep-
tions as possible, for while I know in the opera-
tion of this general rule there may be excep-
tional cases, there may be instances where
injustice may be done, I am nevertheless
looking to the operation of the general rule,
and I say that rather than undertake to except
all the cases that perhaps might be or ought to
be excepted if you come to look at the indi-
vidual case, I prefer to have the rule operate
generally, and apply to steel rails and to pig
iron as well as to all the other matters that are
referred to in the section.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
to ask a question at that point?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. If he is going upon the basis of
adopting ageneral rule, why not putin a clause
that all existing duties shall be reduced ten per
cent, and make it apply to everything, instead
of selecting iron ?
Mr. WRIGHT. For the very reason that
the committee determined, in view of the in?
terests of the country, in view of the conflict-
ing interests, and in view of raising revenue
ajso, to make specific reductions with reference
to certain articles, and ten per cent, reduction
generally with reference to certain other ar-
ticles. Now, I say when you undertake to ex-
clude iron from the operation of that general
rule of a reduction of ten per cent, then you
can, carry the argument further and except
again and again and again. While I am as
anxious as the Senator possibly can be to pro-
tect every interest in the country, I say to him
also as representing that particular interest
that he hazards a- good deal by insisting here
to day that these articles shall be excepted
from the general rule, and my opinion is that
for the stability of the interest he represents
and that it may-have certainty he had better
not insist on this exception.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Caldwell,
Cameron, Chandler, Cole. Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Scott, Sherman, 'Stewart, and
Wilson—19,
NAYS — Messrs. Alcorn, Ame«, Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan,- Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly,
Logan, Norwood, Pratt, Ramsey. Robertson, Saw-
yer, Sehurz, Spencer, Stevenson; foumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull. Yiekers, Windom, and
Wright—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Davis
of Kentucks'. Frelinghuysen, Gfoldthwaite, Hamlin,
Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrili of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton, and West—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by tbe
committee on the subject of iron.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that at half
past four o'clock- the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. MORTON and others. Say five o'clock.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well; I will say
five o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina moves that at five o'clock
the Senate take a recess until half past seveu
o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
go into executive session for a very short
time. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. MORTON. Let us take the question
on the recess first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that the motion for a recess under the special
rule which has been adopted must be taken at
once and be decided without debate.
Mr. CAMERON. Let me appeal to the
Senator from South Carolina to allow the Senate
to go into executive session for a short time.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator can make
that motion after my motion is put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion will not interfere with a motion to go
into executive session subsequently.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Soutli Car-
olina that at five o'clock the Senate take a
recess until half past seven o'clock. -
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the ainendmentof the Committeeon
Finance.
^ Mr. CAMERON. Now I submit my mo-
tion for an executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to
the Senator from Pennsylvania not to make
that motion until just before five o'clock. He
qnly desires an executive session for a few
nimutes, ^s I understand ; but if we go into
executive session now we shall waste the rest
