1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 80, noes 62.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the consideration
of the special order, being the deficiency
appropriation bill.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House on
Friday last recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce House bill No. 827, to authorize
the construction of bridges across the Ohio
river and to prescribe the dimensions of the
same.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be en-
tered on the Journal, the session of Saturday
not being a legislative session strictly, as the
House specially ordered that it should be for
general debate only, no business whatever to
be transacted.
GEORGE W. MORSE.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table House
bill No. 1417, for the relief of George VV.
Morse, for the purpose of concurring in an
unimportant amendment of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not now; that
can be done as well this afternoon after we
have been in committee and come out again.
public building is trenton, new jersey.
Mr. HALSEY. I desire to ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table and passed, Senate bill No. 442, to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, pen-
sion and revenue offices, and the judicial offices
of the United States, in the city of Trenton,
New Jersey," approved March 3, 1871.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state
frankly to the gentleman that the bill must be
reached whenever the House shall proceed to
the consideration of business upon the Speak-
er's table. It would hardly be advisable to
use the afternoon of Monday for the purpose
of considering business which can be as well
considered on any other day.
Mr. HALSEY. Very well; I will not press
it now.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must now
insist upon my motion to go into Committee
of the Whole.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to, upon a division—ayes 94, noes
26.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scoheld in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1654, making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A deficiency
bill must be, from the very nature of the case,
an unpleasant one for a legislative body to
contemplate. Its very title implies a falling
short of our expectations, a confession that
we must pay more for past and present engage-
ments than we expected to pay. I am ready
to expect, therefore, a more rigid investigation
of all the items in this bill than we have had
in the bills already passed. But it would not
be just to consider all tho appropriations of
this bill as indicating any failure of former
appropriations or any unnecessary extrava-
gance on the part of the executive officers of
the Government. I therefore call the atten-
tion of the House for a few moments to some
of the leading features of this bill.
The deficiency appropriations of this year
have one peculiarity connected with them that
doubtless the Committee of the Whole will be
glad to understand. By the law of July, 1870,
it was provided that nearly all the unexpended
balances of appropriations at the end of each
fiscal year should be covered back into the
Treasury. That law took effect for the first
time on the 30th of June last. Prior to that
time, when an appropriation was made for any
Department or bureau of the Government,
the whole amount stood to the credit of that
Department until it was entirely expended.
The result was that sometimes there were
large accumulations of unexpended balances in
the different bureaus and Departments, sums
which in many cases amounted to more than the
annual appropriations forthe same objects. I
venture to say that the law of 1870 is one of the
wisest regulations that Congress ever adopted
in regard to the expenditure of the public
money. It provided that all unexpended bal-
ances of appropriations made for any fiscal
year should at the end of that year be covered
into the Treasury. In other words, it pro-
vided that the expenditures of each year should
stand by themselves, and the Government
should start every year with a clean slate.
There were some exceptions to this rule ; for
instance, in the case of appropriations for for-
tifications, and some other public works under
the control of the engineer department, in
reference to which it was thought a continuing
appropriation would better meet the public
"wants. But in general that rule now prevails
over the whole vast field of our expenditure.
We are now in the midst of a year (the first
in our history) which began without unex-
pended balances coming over from the pre-
vious year. This is one cause of the large
deficiencies for which we are compelled to
appropriate. In this bill we substitute for
those unexpended balances a direct appropri-
ation in the form of a deficiency. The new
rule presses with some hardship on some de-
partments and functions of the Government,
and may perhaps be wisely relaxed in some
cases, but on the whole it is legislation in the
right direction, and I hope the House will
break through the new rule as little as pos-
sible. It is desirable to make all our grants
of supplies to the Government as definite and
as detailed as possible, so that Congress and
the country may be able to trace the course of
revenue clearly and plainly from the Treasury
to the object of expenditure.
The bill now under consideration proposes
to appropriate $5,998,709 13. It may be in-
teresting to the committee to compare this
total of deficiency with the deficiencies for
last year. The total deficiencies voted during
the last fiscal year amounted to $12,502,324 04,
of which all but $1,239,000 was appropriated
in the last session of the Forty-First Congress,
the latter smaller amount being appropriated
during the short session of this Congress.
I am glad to inform the committee that we
have acted on every item of deficiency that
has been presented to us up to the present
moment. They are all here in this bill, ex-
cept such as we have rejected, and excepting
two items that we passed specially, one of
about four hundred thousand dollars, which
was passed in the early part of the session
for deficiencies in the Census Bureau, and the
other a small deficiency of $23,000 for sal-
aries in the Post Office Department. I think,
too, that some bills passed under the lead of j
the Committee on Foreign Affairs were in the
nature of deficiencies for the present fiscal
year. With these exceptions, all the deficien-
cies that the committee have had before them
in the estimates and in special Department
letters are included in this bill unless we
have rejected them. The amount is not quite
two thousand dollars less than $6,000,000.
Without taking the time of the committee
to speak of specialities, I will say that the
bulk of this deficiency is found in three items.
In the first place, $1,000,000 is appropriated
to defray the expenses of the States for arming
and equipping volunteers in the lata war, tho
accounts having been settled and passed in
various Departments, but no appropriation for
their payment having been made last year.
Another large item arises from the fact that
since the establishment of the Department of
Justice all our expenses for running the courts
are concentrated in that Department, and it
was not precisely known how much would be
needed for that purpose. There is a deficiency
of $1,000,000 to carry on the work of the
courts. There is also a deficiency of about
half a million for Indians. These three items
make nearly one half of the whole amount
appropriated in the bill. The other appropria-
tions are items distributed through the differ-
ent Departments. I will incorporate in my
remarks a brief table giving specifically the
amounts appropriated to each of the Depart-
ments of the. Government. I have said all
that I desire to say in the way of general
debate, but before proceeding with the bill by
paragraphs I shall be glad to answer any ques-
tion which any gentleman may desire to ask.
Mr. BEOK. I have one question to ask:
will the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
interpose any objection to the passage of a
resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of
War to give us a detailed statement of all the
sales of public property made by his Depart-
ment? This will correspond with the resolu-
tion of inquiry which we adopted with reference
to the Navy Department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tions to that. But of course the gentleman
recognizes the fact that this is not the place
for it. Whenever the time comes I am willing
to have any proper inquiry made.
Mr. BECK. The reason I asked the ques-
tion was in order that I might give notice to
the House that I desired to make the inquiry,
that we might know exactly what material was
sold by the War Department as well as by the
Navy Department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am as anxious
as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
can be to know all these facts.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] have
read, for the benefit of the House, the state-
ment which he proposes to submit as part of
hia warn Qylrfl r
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly; I
send it up to the Clerk's desk that it may be
read. It shows the distribution of tho appro-
priations of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Summary of deficiency hill.
Congress  $27,916 93
Department of State    138,302 00
Independent Treasury and mints  145,900 00
Treasury Department, miscellaneous  209,646 97
Internal revenue    250,000 00
United States Coast Survey  40,000 00
Public buildings throughout the United
States  329,230 39
War Department  1,812,500 00
"War Department, miscellaneous, (of
which $1,000,000 is to. pay indemnity
to States) -.  1,536,382 26
Navy Department    3,718 09
Pension Office  26,167 78
Public works  2,900 00
Indians  420,812 77
Judicial  1,055,191 89
$5,998,709 13
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Do these
items embrace all the amounts appropriated bv
the bill?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes; the paper
which has been read shows the way in which
the $6,000,000 are distributed among the dif-
ferent Departments of the .Government. I
yield now to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Before the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] proceeds, I
desire the attention of the gentleman from
