1872.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Deficiency Appropriations—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
stood the Senator to argue that the effect of
the President's pardon is to make that man
loyal from the beginning in contemplation of
law, and that he has a right to go into the
Court of Claims and sue for that property-
just as if he had been loyal from the begin-
ning; and I understand him further to say
that it is not in the power of Congress to
make a distinction as to who shall have the
right to sue in the Court of Claims, and that
we have no power to say that a man who was
loyal from the beginning shall have the right
to sue in the Court of Claims, and to exclude
a man from that right who was disloyal from
the beginning. That, I think, was the Sen-
ator's position. That is the one I am com-
ing to 
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator can state that
as my position; but I say that he stated it
inaccurately.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator correct
me ?
Mr. BAYARD. It would not do for me to
sit here and admit the Senator's statement
of my position, when it has been done so
inaccurately.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator state in
•nrViof fABnppt ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly. I stated that the
power of presidential pardon could not be lim-
ited in an.y degree by the action of Congress,
and that a pardon wipes out the offense, so as
if it had never been committed. That is the
effect of pardon, not only under the laws of
this country, not only under the decision of
our highest judicial tribunals, but under the
decisions of the country from which our insti-
tutions chiefly have been derived. I could not
help expressing my astonishment that the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, in the face of the
authorities and decisions of the courts, I will
not say of his own State, but of almost every
other, that the incompetency of witnesses,
other disabilities of parties, could not be
removed by a pardon.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I simply wish
to correct the Senator from Delaware by tell-
ing him that in the State of New Jersey, not-
withstanding there is a pardoning power, there
is also an express statute that the pardoning
power shall not have that effect; and so there
is in Florida and in Virginia.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not speak of that. I
shall come presently to the Senator's proposi-
tion.
The Senator from Indiana will understand
me farther to say that I do not believe it is in
the power of Congress to create any class of
offenses which are unpardonable under the
Constitution of the United States by the Pres-
ident except the class of cases by impeach-
ment; that the fact of pardon restores the
person pardoned to all his rights of property,
to all his political franchises and privileges.
Mr. MORTON. As if he never had been
guilty?
Mr. BAYARD. With the exception, of
eourse, of disabilties imposed by the fourteenth
amendment. I do not speak of that. That
is part of the Constitution of the country.
Mr. MORTON. Leaving them out?
Mr. BAYARD. As if he had never com-
mitted the act, except where his title to his
property has been duly divested by proceed-
ings and judicial condemnation before he was
pardoned; but if he be pardoned before the
sentence of condemnation against his prop-
erty has been executed, he is relieved from the
effects upon his property of the offense which
he committed. He is made a new man, and
the property of the pardon is retroactive; and
the Supreme Court has distinctly declared so
in the Garland case. But I do not say that
Congress may not limit the jurisdiction in
constituting a tribunal in which it permits
itself to be sued—an institution not, as the
Senator from New York said, in derogation of
common right; I consider that was an inac-
curate phrase, with all due respect for him—
but in establishing a tribunal in furtherance
of justice, in the wisdom of the Government
of the country, Congress can declare what
classes of persons shall have a status as suit-
ors in the Court of Claims; but they cannot
create a class of offenses and declare that they
shall be unpardonable, and they cannot pre-
vent the effect of a pardon in clearing a man
of the consequences of his crime.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I confess
my inability to see the difference between the
position of the Senator from Delaware, as
now stated by him, and as I stated it a few
minutes ago. I did understand the Senator
to say, in answer to the question of the Sena-
tor from Vermont, that if one having been par-
doned should be excluded from the right to sue
in the Court of Claims that was in effect to
take away the effect of his pardon and still to
leave the consequences of bis disloyalty hang-
ing upon him. I did understand the Senator
to deny that Congress had the right to defeat
the effect of a pardon in that way. That is
the point as I first stated it, that not only shall
this pardon retroact and give a cause of action
against the Government for property taken in
pursuance of the law in 1863 or 1864, bat that
we have no power now to say that such a man
shall not sue in the Court of Claims, because
that would in effect, says the Senator, defeat
the pardon.
Mr. President, to assert the moral, to say
nothing of the legal, right of a man who has
engaged in the rebellion now to sue the United
States and recover the value of his property
taken, brings us to a point that I have pre-
dicted before in the Senate at least one great
party in the country would soon arrive at, and
that is that all distinctions in regard to debts and
rights of property, all consequences flowing
from the war, are to be blotted out. If a man
whose cotton was taken in 1863 under this stat-
ute should now have a right to sue and recover
the price of that cotton, I ask why a man
whose property was taken in the South by our
armies for subsistence or support should not
on the same principle have the right of recov-
ery ? In 1864 an act was passed authorizing
loyal persons in the northern States not en-
gaged in the rebellion to present their claims
to the quartermaster's and commissary depart-
ments, and upon proof of loyalty to recover
the value of their property taken for the use
of the Army. That statute was expressly eon-
fined to loyal personslivingin States that were
not in insurrection. If the effect of the par-
don is what is contended for, of course that
condition of the law requiring the person to
be loyal who thus seeks to recover for supplies
taken is stricken out, just as it was out of the
act of 1863 in regard to captured and aban-
doned property. Also, inasmuch as all the
States are placed upon a like footing now and
all the consequences of rebellion blotted out
by a pardon, they have the right to bring their
claims from the southern States as well as from
the northern States.
The effect of the principle con1 ended for
by the honorable Senator is to give to every
man who was engaged in the rebellion a right
to bring a claim against this Government for
property taken for the support of our armies.
That is what it is coming to. There can be no
possible distinction shown between the two
cases. And, sir, if all the consequences of
rebellion are to be blotted out by this pardon, I
ask how it is in regard to the value of slaves
of which the owners were deprived by the
proclamation of the President in 1863? It is
true the fourteenth amendment now stands in
the way, but that has never been but partially
recognized as yet. A large party in this coun-
try has never committed itself to th« validity of
that amendment. Here and there a leading
Democratic politician or statesman may have
done so. Here and there a paper may have
done so. It is possible that here and there a
State convention may have somewhat vaguely
and generally recognized the authority of that
amendment. But 1 think I am authorized to
say that the Democratic party, as a party, has
never recognized the authority ofthatand of the
fifteenth amendment. On the contrary, in this
body and in the other House they have denied
the authority, within less than two years back,
of both those amendments. I think 1 am safe
in making that statement. And now, leaving
the fourteenth amendment out of the way, upon
the principle contended for here to day 1 ask
why the owners of slaves, deprived of their
property illegally'by the proclamation of the
President upon the ground that they were dis-
loyal, have not a moral and a legal right to
recover the value of their property? They
may have no legal remedy at this time, but in
contemplation of law they have a legal right j
they have a legal right because, in contempla-
tion of law, they were loyal at the time their
property was taken from them by that proc-
lamation upon the part of Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President ■■
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry
of Michigan.) Does the Senator from Indiana
yield to the Senator from California?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Indi-
ana is a member of this body to whom I for
one listen always with interest, except when
he is making up a set of doctrines for his ad-
versaries ; and then I scarcely know what to
be most surprised at about the Senator, his
ingenuity or his boldness.
Now, I ask the Senator if he means to say
that at any time since the fourteenth amend-
ment was promulgated by authority, as adopted
into the Constitution, he has heard any Senator
in this body deny its validity, or if he knows
i of any Democratic State convention which
has denied its validity since that period? And
I will ask if there is the slighest authority to
say that the validity of it was denied, except
while it was going through the operation of
adoption by a sufficient number of States, and
before it was declared to be adopted by the
authority of the country?
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, I think
I have heard it argued upon the floor of the
Senate, time and time again, that the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments were ratified by
fraud and coercion, that States were coerced
to ratify those amendments; and I think I
have beard it argued here that the ratifica-
tion was unconstitutional, and that in conse-
quence those amendments were not valid and
binding.
Mr. THURMAN. You never heard that.
Mr. MORTON. I shall leave lhat to the
memories of Senators and to the record.
Mr. CASSERLY. My question was—and
I call the Senator back to that, with his per-
mission—can he name a man in this Senate or
can he name anybody qualified to speak for
the Democratic party who since that amend-
ment was promulgated by authority, as a part
of the Constitution and the law oi the land,
has denied its validity?
Mr. MORTON. I could only make the
same statement I have made before ; and when
a question has been put upon the floor of the
Senate—1 think I have done it before—whether
the binding character of these amendments
was admitted, it has not been answered in the
affirmative. I might reproduce resolutions
offered in the House of Representatives, I am
sure since the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments went into force, declaring the validity
