1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
Ohio [Mr. -Garfield] for one moment. The
bill itself provides for something over six mil-
lion dollars; whence arises the discrepancy?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The'statement
which has been read is a more careful estimate.
I suppose the figures in the bill are rather
large.
Mr. NIBLACK. Are there not some small
items which are not included in the bill ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The estimate
which has been read has been made for me
just now by the clerk of the committee, and I
suppose it is correct.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I propose to
oppose this deficiency bill. There is an ap-
propriation in it of over six million dollars.
The House has manifested such a disposition
to reduce the revenue by the extraordinary
coalition between pig iron on the one side and
a portion of the House on this side, not only
in the matter of tobacco, but in the matter of
tea arid' coffee, thereby reducing the revenue
already, if the action of the House is to be
taken as a test, $25,000,000, that it is quite
evident that if we go on and appropriate money
for deficiencies amounting to over six million
dollars we shall not have money enough in
the Treasury to pay the interest on the public
debt and carry on the Government. There
are other demands upon the Treasury quite as
important as those of pig iron, tea aud coffee,
and tobacco.
I hold in my hand the most important peti-
tion that has ever been presented in the Con-
gress of the United States, praying for the abo-
lition of the duty on wool, coal, iron, timber,
oil, and 6alt; and it comes from a capital of
$14,000,000 in the very heart of New England,
the State of Massachusetts, ashing for an abo-
lition of the duty on those articles. And not
only do they ask no protection for their own
woolen manufactures from Congress, but they
promise to keep up and raise up the existing
wages of labor in the woolen factories. I say
this is the most important petition that was
ever presented to the Congress of the United
States, and I shall ask that it be read as a part
of my remarks, or that it be put in the Globe,
without reading, as a part of my remarks.
If we go on thus reducing the duties, com-
plying with the demands with regard- to tea,
coffee, and tobacco, and if we thus relieve the
woolen manufacturers of New England, I say
it becomes impossible for us to vote deficiency
bills, and to vote supplies enough to carry on
this Government. There must be a discrim-
ination ; and when we are brought to a test, I
much prefer relieving the woolen manufactu-
rers, who make these promises, to toting away
our sources of revenue as we are threatening
to vote them away. I send that petition up
to the Clerk's desk to be read as part of my
remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Committee of Ways and Means of the Congress
of the United States, at Washington, District of
Columbia:
Gentlemen : The undersigned manufacturers
would most respectfully represent that we are en-
gaged in the manufacture of woolen goods; thatour
business is depressed in consequence of the high du-
ties imposed dn wool and other articles which enter
into the cost of manufacturing our goods.
1. The wool is divided into three classes, and tho
tariff duties so arranged as to apply separate and
specific to each class, as follows: First class—cloth-
ing wools, (so called,) if imported in the grease, are
subject to a duty of ten cents per pound, and eleven
per cent, advalorem. Much of this wool after being
scoured yields about thirty-three and one third
pounds out of onehundred pounds. If this wool isim-
ported washed, the duty is twenty cents per pound
and twenty-two per cent, ad valorem. If this wqol
is scoured the duty is thirty-six cents per pound and
thirty per centva<2 valorem^ making the duty on this
class of wool about one hundred per cent. Thus a
pound of scoured wool, costing fifty cents per pound
in Europe, pays a duty of thirty-six cents^ specific
and fifteen cents per pound ad valorem, malting fifty-
one cents per-pound, or over one hundred per cent.
Second class—combing wools are subject to a duty ot
ten cents per pound, and eleveripercent. ad valorem,
whether washed, unwashed, ck- scoured. If fh-o price
exceeds thirty-two cents per pound the duty is
twelve cents per pound, and ten per cent. CPffrQalQrwn
whether washed, unwashed, or scoured, making the
duty on this class of wool from twenty-five to thirty-
five per cent. Third class, called carpet wool. The
duty on this wool, when costing twelve cents per
pound, and under, is three cents per pound only:
when costing any sum over twelve cents per pound
the duty is six centsper pound only, whether washed,
unwashed, or scoured.
Thus clothing wool beingfirstclass, pays a duty of
one hundred per cent, and upward. Combing wool
being second class, pays .a duty from twenty-five to
thirty per cent. Carpet wool being third class, pays
a duty of from fifteen to twenty-five percent., the lat-
ter under the specious plea that- carpet wool cannot
be grown in this country.
2. The articles used in manufacturing this wool
are bituminous coal for heating our dyes, warming
and lighting our mills, and for motive power, to say
nothing of it as an article of necessity, for those that
labor in the mills, to keep their houses warm. The
duty on this coal, which we can readily obtain from
Nova Scotia, is over one dollar and fifty cents per
gross ton at this time, being equal in protection (if
it can be called protection) to the owners of our coal
mines to from one hundred to one hundred and fifty
per cent, at the coal pits.
The duty -on olive oil is twenty-five cents per
gallon, which is needed to oil -our wool, make our
soap, &c. Other oils to oilourmachinery pay a duty
of fifteen cents per gallon. Salt to scour our wool
fays a duty of one hundred per cent, and upward,
ron to build and repair our machinery, including
nails and screws, is taxed from sixty to one hundred
per cent, and upward. Lumber from Canada needed
for building and repairing our machinery is taxed
twenty per cent.
By these heavy taxes on wool and other articles
entering into the cost of our woolen fabrics, we are
unable to diversify and perfect our fabrics and com-
pete with the foreigner in ouroW^marketaswe need
the fine foreign wools which are no,t grown nor never
have been grown in this country, to mix with our
native wools. These wools' have a felting property
which our native wool does not possess. Thus we
see persons having tho best taste and good judg-
ment generally prefer the foreign fabric at almost
any cost. There is no good reason why wo should
not equal and even excel the foreign make of
woolen goods.
We would further representwhat we believe to be
a fact, (though it may seem strange to the casual
observer,) that any tariff on wool, however high it
may be in tho long run will not advance tho price
of American wool nor protect the wool-grower, be-
cause the wool-grower does not grow his wool to
compete with foreign wool, but grows his wool to
compete with'foreign manufactured goods, for in-
stance, you shutout foreign wool by a high tariff,
say five dollars per pound, if you please, and what
is the result? The machinery in this country, or so
much of it will stop that the price of American wool
will comedown until the American manufacturer
can afford to purchase the same and manufacture it
into goods which will sell in our market in compe-
tition with the foreign goods. Does not the opera-
tion of the present tariff on wool and woolens for
the last five years demonstrate this to be a fact?
Wo will here say in behaff of the wool-grower3
that every article-which enters into the<Jost of mak-
ing woolen.goods and is shut out of our country or
taxed by a protective tariff, takes so much from or
reduces the price of his wool. For instance, if the
manufacturer has to par these high duties on the ar-
ticles used to produce cloth from his wool.hecannot
afford to pay the wool-grower so much for his wool
and compete successfully with the foreign manufac-
turer. Thus the duty on coal, iron, lumber, salt,
oils. &c., is a draft upon tho wool-grower.
The duty on the finer grades of foreign manufac-
tured goods varies from forty to sixty per cent.,
allowing that the honest duties are paid, but the
amount of goods smuggled and brought, into this
country by undervaluation is enormous, and must
reduce the actual duties paid on the whole amount
very considerably, while the duty on wool and other
raw materials entering into the cost of American
goods is not and cannot be evaded.
It seems to us that" the "present tariff is not only
unjust and unequal between the woolen manufac-
turer and the carpet and worsted manufacturer of
thiscountry, but is also unjust to us as compared to
the foreign manufacturer, for we believe if it had
been left to the English, German, and French man-
ufacturers to have made a tariff for us on wool and
woolens, they would have made one very similar to
ourtariffnow in operation, shutting out of our mar-
ket wool and other raw materials, and enabling them-
selves to purchase the same at very reduced prices
compared to the prices we have to pay, thus clothing
their people at a very cheap ratet and sending the
balance of their manufactured goods to our market
under low duties compared to the duties on our raw
materials. , , ' ^ A ,
- It has been suggested by some that a horizontal
tariff ought to be enacted, that is, put a duty of say
fifty per cent, on wool and other raw materials and
a corresponding duty" of fifty per cent, on foreign
manufactured goods. This may seem reasonable at
first viewj but it utterly fails to give any protection
to the American wool-grower, as the foreign woolen
manufacture*-would still obtain his wool and other
raw material at fifty per cent, below "what they
would cost our American manufacturer, and would
enable him tobringin his goods at the fifty per cent,
duty, to say nothing about, smuggling and under-
i valuation heretofore mentioned.
i .In conclusion, we believe that "a revision of the
i present tariflHh such a way as to allow wool and all
i raw material entering into the cost of manufaetur-
i ing woolen goods to -come in free of duty, and a
revenue tariff of about thirty per cent, imposed on
foreign manufactured goods would stimulate, diver-
sify, and increase the manufacture of woolen fabrics
in this country, and thereby give a permanent ad-
vantage to the American wool-grower, as well as
employment to our mechanics and laborers.
Recently wool has risen in Europe very much,,
which reduces the percentage of duties on tho first
and second classes, as part of the duty on these
classes is ad valorem. But on the third class, (car-
pet wool,) the duty is fixed by the pound, at three
and six cents, so that the higher the priee the lower
the percentage of duty.
Delubamo Woolen Co
Company, Blackstone, Massa-
chusetts, representing twenty-five sets of woolen,
machinery, and manufacturing from twelve to thir-
teen hundred thousand dollars per annum.
Evans, Seagrave & Co., Blackstone, Massachu-
setts, representing twelve sets of woolen machinery,
and manufacturingannually about five hundred and
fifty thousand dollars' worth of goods.
Del-abame & Hackstaff, Conway, Massachusetts,
representing six sets of woolen machinery, and
manufacturing about two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars' worth of goods annually.
Needham, Mason & Co., Blackstone, Massachu-
setts, representing twelvesets of woolen machinery,
and manufacturing annually about five hundred and
fifty thousand dollars* worth of goods.
John C. Scott, Massachusetts, manufacturer of
about one hundred and fifty thousand yards of cot-
ton warp meltons per year, worth $75,000.
Lippitt Woolen Company, Woonsocket, Rhode
Island, by C. H. Merriman, treasurer, representing
twenty sets of machinery, and an annual product ot
about a million dollars.
William Tinkham, Providence, Rhode Island, in-
terested in and representing sixteen sets of woolen
machinery; business amounting to about eight hun-
dred thousand dollars per annum.
Edward Pearce, president of the Stillwater Woolen
Mill, of ten sets of machinery; annual productabout
five hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Owen & Clark, Massachusetts, worsted manufac-
turers, six combs, twenty-six spinning-frames; busi-
ness, $600,000. -
Pierce & Paine, manufacturers of woolen and
merino yarns; annual produot, $200,000; five sets
of machinery.
Jamos Hartley k Co., San Francisco, California.
Frederick W. Whipple, representing eleven sets
of machinery; annual productabout five hundred
thousand dollars.
William D. Davis & Co., Uxbridgo, Massachusetts,
manufacturers of fancy cassimeres; twelves sets of
machinery.
Henry J. Steere, treasurer Wanskuck Company,
Providence, Rhode Island; twenty-one sets of ma-
chinery ; annual product, $1,000,000.
Jesse Metcalf, agent Wanskuck Company.
James Waterhouse, Centerville, Rhode Island,
representing twelve^ set* of woolen machinery j
annual production, $500,000.
Edward Harris, of Woonsocket, Rhode Island;
twenty-five sets; annual product, $1,000,000.
Ray Woolen Company, Bellingham, Massachu-
setts: five sets of woolen machinery; annual pro-
duct, $350,000.
R. Hazard, representing the Peace Dale Manufac-
turing Company, running ten sets of cards; annual
product about five hundred thousand dollars.
James Legg & Co., Maplevillo, Rhode Island, rep-
resenting ten sets of woolen machinory; annual pro-
duct, $400,000.
Francis Carpenter, representing nine sets of woolen
machinery, (the Glendale Manufacturing Company,)
of Mohegan, Rhode IsUnd; annual productabout
four hundred thousand dollars.
F. R. White & Co., Chepatchet, Rhode Island,
representing eight sets of woolen machinery.
J. D. Kichols & Sons, Mohegan, Rhode Island,
represent three sets woolen machinery, and annual
product, $100,000.
Horace A. Kimball, Pascoag, Rhode Island, rep-
resenting six sets woolen machinery,
James 0. Inman, Pascoag, Rhode Island, repre-
senting four sets woolen machinery.
T. E. Hopkins, Pascoag, Rhode Island, represent-
ing two sets woolen machinery.
Harris Woolen Company, of Woonsocket, Rhode
Island, representing twenty-five sets of woolen ma-
chinery; annual product, $1,000,000.
S. B. Hunt, Bennington, "Vermont, fourteen sets
.of machinery.
Mr. HOLM AN. I think this bill should ba
read through.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All points of
order are reserved upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. We cannot find out what
the points of order are unless the bill is read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be read
by paragraphs.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana wish to have the bill read in fall?
Mr. HOLMAN. I would prefer that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is a question
of saving time, and I hopfc the gentleman will
not insist upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; I will not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield for a
moment to the. gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Ddbu J
