1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
been stated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.] In time of storm and
peril, the pilot that is the boldest, and hardiest
and bfcSt is lie who goes Jirst, and farthest out in
the eye of the storm and boards the incoming
vessel. And so far as I am aware, all the
regulations upon the subject that have been
adopted are to protect that pilot. They do
place a compulsion upon the captain of the
vessel to take the roan who has risked his life
to a greater degree than his fellows, who has
first stepped upon the imperiled vessel; they
do compel the captain to take that pilot into
his service, and to give him the opportunity of
guiding the vessel into port. And as one inter-
ested in navigation, representing in some de-
gree as I do a community interested iu navi-
gation, I protest against any amendment of
this bill that shall take away any protection
now thrown around this haidy class of men.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Mr.
Speakei, X do not know of any clearer or bet-
ter way to dispose of this que-tion than to call
attention to the tact that all the insurance com-
panies of our Atlantic cities who insure prop
erty to the amount of thousands of millions of
dollars inaugurated and perfected our present
pilot system in connection with our State
authorities.
h'or more than thirty years it has been
practiced, and I may say has given universal
satisfaction to the traveling public and to those
who have the most interest. The old system
was so incomplete and unsatisfactory, and
shipwrecks occurred so frequently that it in-
volved an entire revolution. 'This has been
in every respect a gnat success; and 1 can
hardly understand the propriety ot my col- j
league [Air. PottekJ undertaking to say that
this system should now be abrogated, which
is the effect of his amendment, and that prop-
erly and life should be endangered, and that
our struggling and declining commerce should
receive a final blow. Under the existing sys-
tem pilotage is paid for Ijy foreign vessels
oniy. our coastwise vessels beinajexempt. It
is the last hold we have upon commerce;
and the question is whether at the dictation
of a few foreign ship owners a hardy claw of
men who have been educated in this business,
and who are among the bravest and best of
our citizens, shall be turned out of the pur-
suit to which they have given their best days
and lett without support. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment of my colleague [Mr.
JIeueiam] will be adopted without further
objection.
Mr. COX. I merely wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to one fact in order that we
may vote intelligently on this subject. What
1 had intended to say has mostly been antici-
pated by gentlemen who have already spoken.
I hold in my hand a petition of the board of
commissioners of pilots, signed by Russell
Sturgis, president, and George W. Blunt, sec-
retary, and dated March lit, 1872. This me
morial, which has been addressed to the
Legislature of New York, gives a very succinct i
and intelligent statement of the relation of j
compulsory pilotage to our shipping interests, j
The Housp will understand that there is no j
such thing as compulsory pilotage wiih refer- j
ence to our coasting trade; it applies only to j
foreign business. When, therefore, my hon- j
orable colleague [Mr. Potter] speaks about J
the interests of ship-owners, he simply refers j
to foreign ship-owners, who desire some ame- |
lioration of either the State or the Federal law I
on this subject. |
It comes with ill-grace from the gentleman j
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Neulev] to say that j
this is a matter of State rights, it is a matter
of common sense connected with the safety
of our shipping—the security of property and
persons on board our vessels. The whole
aigunient on this suhieet is well condensed in
the memorial to which I have just referred,
wherein the commissioners of pilots, address-
ing themselves to the Legisiatuiu of oui sJ'ste,
maintain that there should be no alteration in
the State laws upon this subject. On behalf
of one hundred and sevenly live pilots—on
behalf of these men who, regardless of party,
regardless of questions of State rights, and
everything else that is irrelevant, went to the
New lork Legislature and demanded that
there should be no change in the State laws
oil this subject—I now demand that for the
same reasons there should be no change iu the
United States laws, so as to affect those State
laws and interfere with this time-honored sys-
tem of pilotage. In conclusion, I will merely
ask that an extract from the memorial to
which I have referred shall be printed in the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
leave will be granted.
There was no objection.
The extract is as follows:
"A brief statement ot* facts on this subject. i11
tend to place tho matter in a jn«a lignr. Tue whole
pilotage system is necessarily compulsory. Tho ox-
penment ot regulating: bandy liook pilots and pilot-
age by the board of port w.irdvut-,   bvdv consti-
tuted and controlled thiough political influence,
wholly tailed. Repeated disa>tei s, such as the wi ccks
ot the Mexico and tho Biistol, dui.uonMiu.ted its in-
efficiency. The next experiment, of fiee pilotage,
proved equally unavailing. In the abbonco of legis-
lation ^uie ship-owners and marine underwi iters of
New York iu 184-5organized a boai d of eommis^ionei.*
ot pilots, elected by the Chamber of Commerce and
board ot marine underwriter:-, to iieeusQ pilots by
the way oi Sandy Hook, and by agreement became
bound to employ tho pilots licensed by that board.
Out of this grew the present State sy.-tem.
"Alter soverai years ot sucee^tul operation by
this voluntary association, tiie Legislature, 111 18oi,
adopted it as the best means of fceeuuntf protection
against the dir-asteia incident to a, want of pilotage
regain lions.
"Tho act of June 23, established a, system
binding(-Qualb upon till ship-owneis, and provided
lor the licensing, by the board, nl competent pilots,
and established 1 e^ulationt. uiuh'r which it became
compulsory upon the licensed pilots to oruiso out-
side ot Sandy liook, and upon ship-owners to take
the pilots both lor inward and outwaid pilotage.
"Toe regulation now embodied m the law, that
pilots bringing vessels into poit shall themselves or
by one of their boat's company, bo entitled to take
the same vessel to sea, is only one incident of the
system, and is founded upon a very plain and just
principle. It 13 intended to give to all the pilots an
equal share of the comparatively ea&j service of
taking vcshoIs from their wharves in due city to sen,
as a fair otLet to tho hazardous and toilsome service
oi bringing vessels into poit.
"Abolish thi  regulation, and ccrtain favored
pilots, by arrangement with ship-owners, may take
vessels to sea, returning home by The steam-tug
which tows them over the bar; sleep every night iu
their own beds, and never cruise outride, thus re-
ceiving pay for tiie lightest description of service,
while refusing to bear their share of the more
arduous.
"A similar regulation exists in tho Liverpool
pilotage set vice, and it accords with the practice of
all legislation on this subject wherever pilotage has
been made a subject of regulation by law; m all
cases the obligation on the part ot the vessel to take
a pilot is commensurate with that of the pilot to dis-
charge his duties in aproper manner.
" JSo instance has occuired, nor has anycomplaint
been ever made to this board, of any injury worked
to the property oi the panic* applvtng for the
change by reason of this regulation, and no loss of
vessel or cargo or hie ln& ever occuned inconse-
quence 01 its enforcement. It is known to be most
saluting 111 its operations as respect.- the pilots them-
selves. It secures them against a monopoly of out-
ward pilotage in tho hands of a few o( ttieirown
number, removes temptations to shirk duty, and
alfoid5? a proper stimulus for activity and fidelity in 1
seeking for vessels to pilot inward, by a.-^urmg the
right to take them out ot port upon their next
dcpaituie."
Mr. NEGLBY. 1 submit documents 011 this
subject from parties largely iuierehted iu the
shipping business, aud ask that they be printed
in die Globe.
There was no objection. The documents
are as follows:
Xi!\v York, June 5,1865.
Gentlemen : Being largely interested in both sail
andst"am vc^eU plying Irom this poit. ami stand-
ing our own underwriters 011 the greater portion ot
our interest, as well as on tho cargoes we ship and
receive by tucm, we take this opportunity of mak-
ing the undermentioned request. Our vessel* being
all of great_ value, and several of them of very heavy
draught of water, we have lor many years past
deemed it for our interest to employ such pilots to
take them to sea as we were personally acquainted
with, and in whoie experience and nbi'ity we could
repose the most entire confidence. The result of this
couisc has completely j ustiiicd our expectations, as,
during the said period no accident of any kind has
happened to our vessels while they hare been in
ouaige ot the pilots we havechosen. Learning that
0110 oi your by-laws, if enforced, would effectually
pievent other pilots than those you designate from
taking our vosmms to sea, and not, desiring to induce
any of the pilots to act in a manner not m accord-
ance with 5'our regulations, without tho permission
you have the p«.,wer to give, we now m^st respect-
fully request that such pilots as we m iy de-ire to
serve its in ty be permitted to do &o without incurring
youi displeasure or becoming amenable to -any pen-
1'*-^ lI1iposed lor such intiao'ion bv your by-law.
\v e should not make the request didYe not believe
it to be a reasonable one, knowing a« we do that in
case of any negligence or incompetency of any pilot
on board our vessels causing a loss or damage no
pecuniary responsibility of the pilot or yourselves is
supposed to exist that would make good to us our
loss by such occasion.
Trusting that you will favorably consider the
above, wo are, gentlemen, your obedient.servants
SPuFFORD, TILESTON £ CO.
To tho Commissionkrs of Pilots.
Ni:v Yokk, Auffu*c 12, 1SG5.
Grntlumex: Wo inclose herewith for your p« rusal
copy ot a letter oddressed by us to the eommij-sion-
ers of pilots on oih Juno last, to the contents of
which we de-are to call jour aitcntiou. Iu leply t>
our communication, we were informed by the corn-
misiiionets that two of their number were absent,
aud the mattcr was ot too much importance to be
acted upon unless they were present. Up to thi.s
time we have heard nothing farther from ihem. and
we are still compelled by the action of their by-law
to intrust our vessels? and propei ty to parties whom
we know nothing about, over whom wo have no
control, and iu whom 110 responsibility whatever
rests to respond to any claim lor damage that might
accrue to us through their tault or imittentron, Wo
would further call your attention to the inclosed
pamphlet, whi'-h is a copy of a memorial to Con-
gress, prosi-uted in 184.S by the meichaist^ and under-
writers of tliH pii-t, praying that the pilotage busi-
ness might remain as it then was, lire and open to
competition; aud that the act ot Congress, under
which tue then htato ot' the matter existed, might
not be tepeaied, us tho New York pilots weie pen-
Honing it. should be. The merchants and under-
writers carried their point, aud tho act was not re-
pealed, thereby leaving the ship-owners free to
choose whom they liked to intrust their property
to. Since the period above mentioned, the commit
burners ot pilots (two ot whoso names appear at the
toot ol the inclosed memorial) havo passed a by-law
for tire government of pilots which torbids them
piloting vessels excepting snob as are designated by
the cpmim&'-ioners, thus taking Irom the ship-owner
all control in the matter of choosing his own pilot,
as the pilot, if he disobeys this law of tho commis-
sioners, is subject to suspension by them, which
action, whether legal or not, ceitainly deprives him
of the means ol earning his livelihood, and must bo
considered as iinal in his cu-e, he not being pos-
seted of sufficient means to confer the matter with
them. We would also mention that, tho Jersey pilots
act under the same regulation, and refuse to pilot
out any vessel that a New Y01 k pilot has piloted m.
Wo also inoiosc another pamphlet entitled "The
Evils of a Pilot Law/' to which we bee: your refer-
ence. _ We have addressed you as abovo with the
view, if possible, of obtaining your influence in aid
of our efforts to cjire for and control our own prop-
erty, and trust your view3 may coincide with ouis,
considering:, also, (hat the interests of underwriters
and ship-owneis are in this connection absolutely
iden tied 1.
We remain, yours, very respectfully,
SIMFFOIiD. TiLRS'i'ON & CO.,
MARSHALL 0. 110BERTS,
LfVIXGriTOX. I'VX 6: CO.,
S. L. M< CREADY & 00 ,
SAMUEL L. MCTCUELL,
CU4RLES MORGAX,
L. B. ALLEN,
Previilent Ailnnhe M<n! Steamship Company.
C. VAXDERIULT.
To the Nk\v York Boaud of Underwriters.
Mr. POTTEH. i wish to add a single
word for the purpose merely of setting myself
ritjlu with some of my friends who seem to
have misapprehended my position. 1 am not
opposing State pilotage ; i am very far from
opposing any such thing. I am in favor of
retaining that system. Bat I have sought to
call the attention ot the House to a practical
difficulty which has induced those interested
in the commerce of the country—not merely
the foreign 'commerce, as my colleague [Mr.
Cox] suggests—but the entire commerce con-
nected with the sea-going steam vessels, (for
that is what we arc now talking about.) to
protest against the continuance of the S-ate
laws on this subject, unless the ship-owuors
can be allowed to seleet their own particular
pilots from those licensed by the State. The
chairman of the committee has in his posses-
sion a document—I believe it is the same
which he has just, obtained leave to have
printed in the Giobt-—signed by the owntis
