1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
3907
of the day. I hope therefore he will withdraw
the motion for the present.
Mr. CAMERON. It will take but a few
moments, and then we can return again into
open session. I wish the Senate would do me
the favor t,o go into executive session now. It
will not interfere at all with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
I call for the yeas and
No, no; we will vote it
Very well; I will call for
Mr. SHERMAN.
nays.
Several Senators,
down.
Mr. SHERMAN.
a division first.
Mr. CAMERON. I know there can be no
debate on this motion, but I think in calling
for the yeas and nays the Senator from Ohio
has wasted just as much time as we should
have occupied in executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He withdrew
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLlNG. We are now voting by
a division.
Mr. CAMEROJT. I give it up. I am very
unfortunate.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now Is on the amendment of the Committee
011 Finance in regard to iron and steel.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was iu section two,
line twenty-seven, to insert after the word
" ornament" the following proviso:
Provided, That all wire rope and wire strand or
chain made of iron wire, either bright, coppered,
galvanized, or coated with other metals, shall pay
the same rate of duty that is now levied on the
iron wire of which said rope or strand or chain is
made; and all wire rope and wire strand or chain
made ot steel wire, either bright, coppered, galvan-
ized, or coated with other metals, shall pay the
same late of duty that is now levied ou the steel
wire of which said l-ope or strand is made.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I move to
amend by inserting on page 5, line twenty-
seven, immediately after the word "orna-
ment" the words, "and excepting also pow-
der-flasks, shot-pouches, and percussion caps."
A large portion of the cost of the powder-
flasks ana shot-pouches which are made for
sporting purposes, consists in ornamental
work, they being in a great measure articles
of luxury, and therefore, on ordinary princi-
ples, there should be a ten per cent, redaction
upon them.
With regard to percussion caps, the reason
is different. The present rate of duty upon
percussion caps is forty per cent., while on
other manufactures of copper it is forty five
per cent. In the manufacture of percussion
caps the cost to the manufacturer is largely
enhanced by the necessity of using alcohol in
preparing the fulminate, and the high tax on
alcohol increases the price of the manufacture.
I think, with these facts, there should be no
objection to inserting these articles in the
exception.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply to state
the facts. This application to put in percus-
sion caps as an exception was submitted to the
committee, and was rejected after considera-
tion. If percussion caps are put on as an ex-
ception, as a matter of course powder flasks
should be.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The amend-
ment embraces powder-flasks, shot-pouches,
and percussion caps.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we put these articles
on an excepted list, why not every other man-
ufacture of copper? Iknow this matter comes
from gentlemen who are interested in manu-
facturing percussion caps. They manufacture
them now, and they are sold here, together
with metallic cartridges and various articles
of that kind. If you commence making an
exception iu these classes, as a matter of
course you will extend it to a multitude of
articles and never get through. The Senate
has now voted down the strongest exception
that could be made of any metallic substance,
that is pig iron, becuse the rate of duty on pig
iron is less than on any other iron or any other
iron product.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. If the Sen-
ate will allow me, I am willing to withdraw
from my amendment " powder-flasks and shot-
pouches," as they do fall perhaps within the
general rule which the committee has ap-
plied as to all other manufactures of copper ;
but I do think that percussion caps ought to
be excepted from the operation of this section,
for the reason that they are manufactured
principally of copper, and in producing this
manufacture there is a necessity in the making
of the fulminate for the use of alcohol to a
large extent, and the internal revenue tax
upon alcohol thus increases the whole price
of the article to such an extent that it does
seem to me that percussion caps do not fall
within the general principle of the committee.
If the Senate will allow me, I will withdraw
that portion of the amendment relating to
flasks and shot-pouches and leave it solely
relating to percussion caps. That I think
ought to be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we ought
to make exceptions of this kind. The whole
tariff bill was carefully adjusted ; and if you
make exceptions of articles in this case, you
cannot refuse to do it in others. The Senate
have by a very decided vote shown their indis-
position to make any exceptions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no doubt
the committee have drawn this bi'll with a
great deal of care; but 1 want to give one
reason, in addition to the one my colleague
has given, why the duty should be as he sug-
gests on percussion caps. The manufacture
of percussion caps abroad is made without the
heavy tax on alcohol, in consequence of which,
in connection with the low price of labor, they
can be imported at a very low rate; and it is
essential, in my judgment, that this distinction
should be made with reference to protecting
our production against the foreign manufac-
ture.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Furry,]
as modified, so as to include percussion caps in
the exceptions.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
thirty-six, to strike out before the word
•'paper" the word "printing," and after the
word "paper " to insert the words " and manu-
factures of paper, including books and other
printed matter, not herein specifically provided
for;" so that the paiagraph will read:
On all p;iper, and manufactures of paper, includ-
ing books and other printed mattor not heroin spo-
eitically provided for.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out that
item.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
must first be taken on the amendment of the
committee to perfect the paragraph.
Mr. LOGAN. Striking out the word "print-
ing?"
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. _ Striking out
the word "printing," and adding what is iu
italics, "and manufactures of paper," &c.
Mr. LOGAN. Then it will read: "on all
paper, manufactures of paper," &c.?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will; but it
will be subject to striking out the whole para-
graph afterward. The question is on the
amendment of the Committee on Finance to
this item.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois now moves to strike out the par-
agraph as amended.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to. strike out this
paragraph for the purpose of leaving it in the
same condition as the House bill stood in this
respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
If he strikes out the whole paragraph he makes
no reduction on paper at all. The House re-
duced the duty on printing-paper alone, and
not on writing-paper in various forms.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that the- duty
on printing paper is not higher, but you have
proposed to strike out that clause; and this
paragraph was not in the original bill. The
bill would stand, as I propose to leave it—
Provided, That the duty on printing-paper,
whether sized or unsized, shall be equal, and twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
You will find that in line sixty-nine on the
opposite page. That will b.e left. The result
would be to leave the bill in this respect in
the shape in which it came from the House of
Representatives. My object in doing this can
be stated in £ very few words.
The tax, at the present rate of duty ia on all
printing paper thirty-five per cent., while on
books and printed matter it is twenty-five
per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain to the
Senator. The House inserted on all printing-
paper a reduction of twenty per cent. They
also put on another clause which was incon-
sistent entirely with this:
Provided, That the duty on printing-paper
whether sized or unsized, shall be equal, and twenty
per cent ad valorem.
The House proposition was therefore incon-
sistent, the-two clauses one with the other.
The duty on paper other than printing-paper
is now thirty five per cent. It is founded on
the difference in the cost of manufacture. If
the committee's proposition prevails, the duty
on all paper will be reduced ten percent. ; that
is, the duty on sized paper will be reduced to
thirty-one and a hall'per cent, and the duty on
unsized paper to eighteen per cent.
Mr. LOGAN. The sized paper, as it is
called, will be then at thirty-one and a half
per cent., while books and printed matter will
be at twenty five per cent., and unsized paper
at eighteen percent. I am not very well versed
myself in reference to this matterof paper and
its composition, not so well, I presume, as the
committee; bur. asl understand, thedistinction
between the sized and unsized paper is riot so
very great as far as the cost is concerned.
This is sized paper that we use, for writing-paper
is sized paper ; but the paper usually used by
the newspaper press for printing newspapers
is what is called unsized paper. Our moftthly
magazines and our periodicals are generally
printed on sized paper. They would pay under
this reduction thirty-one and a half per cent.
The newspapers, like the New York World,
the New York Tribune, the Chicago Tribune,
and such papers as that are printed on unsized
paper, and would pay eighteen percent. That
would bo thedistinction between these papers;
but if the article called sized paper, which is
used for printing fine books and everything of
that kind, is printed and sent to this country, it
then pays twenty-five per cent. There is the con-
dition in which we are left by this amendment.
To illustrate my proposition, if a newspaper
is printed on sized paper, the paper imprinted
pays thirty-one and a half per cent, when the
reduction is ten per cent. If a newspaper
is printed on unsized paper, the unprinted
paper pays eighteen per cent. If the paper is
printed before it comes to this country, it jmys
twenty-five per cont. For instance, Harper
Brothers, of New York, may print their weekly
in New York on sized paper. On the paper on
which this piiuting is done they pay thirty-one
and a halt per cent. ; but it they went to
Canada and had their paper printed there,
then they would pay on the printing, paper,
and all, twenty-five per cent. You levy a
