1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3011
that leading members of both Houses favored
a reduction in gross of about $50,000,000, A
majority of that committee have reported the
' result of their labors in the shape of a bill
entitled "A bill to rcducc duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes." This bill proposes to reduce im-
port duties in round numbers $19,000,000, and
internal taxes to the extent of $13,000,000, or
a gross reduction of $32,000,000 instead of
$50,000,000, which the Treasury can very well
bear, and which would greatly relieve the
: country.
Now, it is to be regretted that, the committee
manifestly desired to retain tea and coffee as
articles from which a large revenue was still
to be collected in contravention of the wishes
of a large majority of this House, as expressed
by their votes on two separate occasions. But
since the discussion on this bill commenced,
and when it had progressed but two days, Con-
gress, in deference to the expressed wishes of
the people, has by an overwhelming majority
of both Houses enacted that from and after
the 1st day of July next tea and coffee shall be
imported into this country free of duty, thus
relieving millions of our best citizens, though,
poor, of a tax upon articles once regarded as
luxuries, but now conceded to be of prime
necessity, second only to meat and bread.
Hence the discussion of the bill must con-
tinue with its most, object'ouable feature, that
of taxing tea and coffee, removed trom the
contest, and now, having reduced taxes by this
actabout seventeen million dollars, let. us go for-
ward in the good work until we shall have taken
off $33,000,000 more, which in my judgment,
alter enlarging the fieehyt to the extent of a few
millions, should be taken from internal duties,
and the question of reducing taxes, I think,
may be regarded as settled for this session at
least.
The majority of the committee introducing
this bill have seen proper to strike at wool-
growers and wool and iron manufacturers by
reducing duties ou each of these productions
full twenty per cent., which if carried into law
mast result in great, injury to labor and in
many instances ruin to proprietors, as well as
to retard, if not completely check, any further
enlargement, of these industries for long years
to come. The committee have also laid their
hands heavily upon the manufacturers of
leather and cotton goods, and upon lumber-
men, farmers, and stock-growers, and upon
many other industries, in all of which labor
forms the basis and is the principal element.
The ^ internal list, the most odious of all
taxes, is touched lightly by the committee, less
than $13,000,000 covering the entire reduc-
tion, while they propose by this bill to take
over $14,000,000 from such imported articles
as come in direct competition with American
products, thus virtually transferring that sum
from the pockets of our own people to the
coffers of European monopolies.
But some gentlemen ol the committee, act-
uated doubtless by their favorite theory of
revenue reform, express their disapprobation
of this meager reduction, as they term it, and
aver that it, should be at least double. Mr.
Chairman, if such views are to be incorpo-
rated imo our domestic policy, the progress
and development of our material resources in
coming years will compare most unfavorably
with tile past. The fact that our national
wealth has ineieased from $16,000,000,000
m 1860 to $32,000,000,000 in 1870, exceeds
our highest expectation, and staggers the
faith of the most sanguine. Why should Con-
gress interfere with the growth and develop-
ment of our domestic industries by reducing
the very moderate protection now afforded to
their products, while we are collecting, and,
without, a modification of our internal revenue
laws, will continue to collect directly from
the earnings of the people $130,000,000 an-
nually? The act making tea and coffee free
will be heartily approved by the people, and
a large reduction from the internal list will
doubtless be equally approved.
IEOS IMPORTATIONS.
Our importations of iron and steel manu-
factures during the past fiscal year amounted
in gold value, with duty added, to $62,000,000.
Under the provisions of this bill the duty is
reduced full twenty per cent., which will doubt-
less increase importations another year, with
duty added, to at least $75,000,000, to the
great injury of our own manufacturers and
laborers, and to the financial ruin of many
proprietors. The same is true of woolen fab-
rics, of which we imported last year in gold
value, with duty added, $72,000,000, and now,
if the duty shall be reduced over twenty per
cent., as is proposed, there is good reason to
believe that our importations of these fabrics
next year will approximate $100,000,000, to
be paid for in gold or in products at gold value.
If increased importations of European manu-
factures are desirable, it cannot be doubted that
this bill, if it receives the sanction of Con-
gress, will fully accomplish that object
Perhaps the country was never in greater'
suspense or more nervous on the tariff ques-
tion than it is at this very hour. No merchant
or manufacturer, no man engaged in any of
the industrial enterprises of the country, can
rest while bills are pending in Congress, the
passage of which would prostrate his business
and perhaps sink his entire capital. Hence the
necessity tor a steady and enlightened policy,
with as little vibration as possible, adapted to
the encouragement of arts and manufactures,
making a more judicious division of labor,
Giving confidence to capital, stability to manu-
factures. and fair wages to labor.
OBJECTS OP A TARIFF.
I believe it is conceded that the objects of a
tariff in this country are threefold: first to raise
revenue for the support of the Government by
indiiect rather than by direct taxation; sec-
ond, to so levy the duties as to protect our own
people iu their industrial productions, and
enable them to compete with foreigners in the
American markets ; and third, to encourage
the development of our own material resources
to the end that we may be self-reliant in time
of peace, and independent of the outside world
in time of war.
It is a fact admitted by confederates them-
selves that during the war of 1861 their inabil-
ity to manufacture was one among the chief
causes of their failure, and it has been alleged,
and is believed by many, that if they had pos-
sessed the manufacturing facilities of the little
State of Massachusetts alone, the rebellion
would have been a success.
The most reliable statistics show that our
wool production last year reached about one
hundred and sixty million pounds, while we
imported about fifty-two million pounds, or
nearly one third as much as the domestic pro-
duction.
Instead of fostering this industry until it
could be made to yield an amount which
would at least approximate home consump-
tion, this bill proposes to cut down protection
to American wool growers by reducing the
duty on foieign clothing wools over twenty
per cent, from present rates. This may be
well for non-producers, but will be remem-
bered by farmers; and I trust gentlemen ou
this floor representing farming constituencies
will see to it that this great wrong shall not be
perpetrated.
wool,CN FABRICS.
Prom the most reliable information that, can
be obtained in theabsenee of the census report,
the value of the finished productions which our
wooleu manufactories turned out last year can
hardly be estimated at less than $175,000,000.
After deducting the value of the raw material,
probably not less than $80,000,000, near
$15,000,000 of which was paid for foreign
wools, and the remaining $05,000,000 to do-
mestic wool growers, we still have $95,000,000
as the result of combined capital and labor in
this single industry; yet from the importations
of last year we find that the country needed
and used $72,000,000 worth of these goods
over and above the capacity of our mills to
supply, thus showing our dependence upon
Europe for this immense amount of these
fabrics.
The increased productions of this industry
within the last ten years, and especially since
the tariff of 1867, have been most gratifying,
and furnish ground to hope that within a few
years, under favorable legislation, we shall be
able to furnish an amount of woolen fabrics at
least commensurate with the wants of our
rapidly-growing population. But by the terms
of the bill a large percentage of the protection
afforded to this branch of manufactures under
the present, tariff is taken off, and if the bill
should pass we may give up all hope of any
enlargement of this industry nntil we can have
more favorable legislation.
IRON INDUSTRY.
Another leading industry of the country
whose developmentwill be retarded and whose
production will be reduced under the provis-
ions of this bill is iron, one of the indispens-
able elements in the progress of civilization
and power and in the development of the arts
and sciences. The consumption of iron is
rapidly increasing, and the demand was prob-
ably never so great as at the present time : and
it has been estimated that the consumption of
1872 would exceed that of any former year by
at least ten per cetit.,orprobably greater than
the world is able to supply, and so far from
reducing production by adverse legislation
every reasonable incentive should be afforded
for the growth and development of this leading
American industry.
The duty of nine dollars per ton on pig iron
increased the production from 931,582 tons iu
1865 to 1,950,000 tons in 1869, and the effect
of competition under this protection was to
constantly reduce the price in the American
market. But the reduction of two dollars per
ton in 1870, aside from its direct bearing upon
production, created apprehension in the minds
of proprietors that this was merely the inau-
guration of a policy designed gradually to re-
duce the dimensions of the iron industry, and
the effect was to retard the erection of new
furnaces, to cause some to be blown out, and
many to curtail their operations, which has
resulted in a decrease of one hundred thousand
tons in the annual production and an increase
of from ten- to fifteen dollars per ton in price,
and the same is true of other descriptions of
iron.
No man can doubt that if our annual pro-
duction of iron and steel were withheld from
I the markets of the world, prices would be
much higher everywhere, nor can he doubt
that a reduction of duties will curtail opera-
tions, keep down competition, and enhance
prices to consumers. Protection is the only
sure and potent way to arouse an effective
rivalry in digging the coal and ore from the
mines, and setting the furnace fires ablaze all
overtlieland. An increased amount of raw iron
will always increase the amount of the finished
article, which must result in low prices to the
consumer.
Pig iron lies at the base of every iron and
steel manufacture, from a needle to an anchor,
just as wool and cotton form the bases of the
infinite varieties of articles into which these
fibers are manufactured. We need no pro-
tection on raw cotton, for the simple reason
that our facilities for producing it enable us
to bid defiance to the world, just as Engiai.d
is able to defy the world to compete with her
in the production of iron. The farmer in Ohio
can no more produce woo! without, protection
than the furnace-man can produce p.g iron.
Their interests in this regard are mutual. The
one can no more compete with the poorly paid
labor of Australia and south Africa than the
other can compete with the pauper labor of
England and Belgium.
