APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 22,
Senate.
North Carolina S&natorship—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
of these amendments, and I think that until i
this session the Democratic members of the |
House have voted nearly solidly against such
resolutions; and I think I have referred to
those resolutions, at least one of them, upon
the floor of the Senate, and, so far as I know,
the Democratic conventions in 1870 and since
that time, perhaps, have denounced those
amendments as having been ratified by fraud
and coercion. Why, sir, in the Legislature
of my State, a Democratic majority in the
State senate of Indiana, in strong resolutions
that secured a party vote, declared the four-
teenth. and fifteenth amendments to be invalid,
only as long ago as February, 1871.
Why, Mr. President, I am surprised to hear
it said now that the Democratic party has not
denied the validity of these amendments. I
shall be surprised to hear it said that the
body of the Democracy in the South have not
denied the authority of these amendments.
Where are the conventions, where the reso-
lutions that have admitted the binding author-
ity of these amendments? They have been
questions at issue, and we have pressed that
question upon our adversaries, "Do you recog-
nize the authority of the reconstruction acts;
■were they constitutional; do you recognize
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments as
being invalid?" And, so far as I know, never
in any authoritative manner has the validity
of these amendments been admitted. If the
Senator means to say now that he recognizes
these amendments as being binding upon the
people of this nation, that they have been
legally and constitutionally ratified—if he
means to say that now, I should like to have
him say it in direct terms. I have never heard
him say it yet.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I do not
propose to be catechised by the Senator from
Indiana upon my views on any subject that I
have not risen to discuss, nor by any other
Senator in this body.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I have no
right to catechize my friend from California.
He brought on this colloquy between us ; and
when the question is raised as to whether the
authority of these amendments had been ad-
mitted. it was a very good time for him to say,
what I have never yet heard him say in all his
talk on this floor, that he does recognize those
amendments a3 having been constitutionally
ratified ; and if he will say so now, I will give
hiui the floor.
It has been in the power of the Democratic
party in Congress from 1870 at any time to
settle that question and to take out of the
mouths of the Republican party the charge
that the validity of these amendments was
denied; but so far as I know they have never
done it.
Mr. President, one more reference to the
effect of the principle contended for here to-
day, that those whose property was captured
by our arms during the war have a right to
sue in our courts and recover the value of that
property. Everything in a Government like
this should go by principle. Now, if that is
right; morally and legally, I ask why there
should be any distinction in regard to claims
for property taken by our Army? It will
come to that, that there will be none. We
are there now, and we shall soon hear it urged
upon this floor that those who were engaged
in the rebel army should be pensioned and
put on the same footiug with the loyal soldiers.
It may be urged as a measure of conciliation
that the crippled soldier, without regard to
which side_ he fought upon, should be pen-
sioned. If a man has a right to sue for cap-
tured property without regard to which side
he fought upon, why not ? To say that a rebel
who lost his cotton should have the right to
ZO into the Court of Claims and bring a suit
for it and reeover it is to say the rebel soldier
should be pensioned and put on the same
footing with the loyal soldier. There is no
difference in principle. If anything, it is in
favor of the soldier rather than in favor of
the other man who simply lost bis property.
So with regard to debts. I make the pre-
diction that the time will come in this Chamber
not loug hence when it will be contended that
the debts upon both sides should be paid, that
all distinctions in regard to the rebellion should
be wiped out, the soldiers put upon the same
level, the creditors put upon the same level;
and then we should have another era of good
feeling, and return to perfect friendship ; and
it will be said that is the very best mode of
bringing it about. All have been pardoned;
in contemplation of law there has been no
rebellion in this country; we have tad no
rebels; we have had no disloyal men in con-
templation of law. Then carry out the prin-
ciple of the law; pay all alike; put all upon
the same footing, pay the debts upon both
sides; and as slavery was abolished by a
proclamation that was illegal, and those who
owned the slaves were at the time as loyal as
anybody else, pay for them 1
Why, sir, the fourteenth amendment would
not stand in the way one hour when that time
comes. It will be simply run over. It will
not be repealed ; no attempt will be made to
change it; but it will simply be run over as the
fugitive slave law was run over before the war.
That was the charge against the North, and it
was to some extent true, because it was odious
to the North. But as the fugitive slave law
was run over and disregarded and treated
as a dead letter, I say bring that party into
power with the great body of its strength in
the South, and the provisions of the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments will be simply
run over, treated as if they had never been
made.
Mr. President, I shall vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
I am not willing to admit to the Court of
Claims men who were engaged in the rebel-
lion, to bring suit against the Government and
recover back the value of their property.
Whatever I shall do for those engaged in the
rebellion will be in the future, but it will not
be in the past; and it seems to me it is going
far enough. Who could have believed five
years ago that even both parties would have
stood where they do now? Just see the pro-
gress that has been made since 1865, when
Mr. Johnson started out with the declaration
that treason should be made odious, and when
good men were heard to stand up in pulpits
and say that they believed the death of Mr.
Lincoln was providential, because he was too
kind and forgiving, and that Andrew John-
son bad been brought in by an act of Provi-
dence that he might make treason odious.
And who could have believed then what we
now see, that now an attempt is even made to
destroy the Republican party because it will
not grant universal amnesty and authorize the
very ringleaders and authors of the rebellion
to hold the offices in this country? And that
now the proposition is advanced in the Senate
of the United States that those whose prop-
erty was captured during the war should be
placed upon the same footing with loyal men
in their right to bring an action for the recovery
of its value, and that we have no power to say
that those men shall not sue in the Court of
Claims, because to do so is to deny in part the
effect of the President's pardon. Sir, we are
making progress. The next steps that I have
pointed out are short and easy ones. They
are treading fast upon those that have gone
before.
Mr. President, I have said more than I
intended.
North Carolina SenatorsMp.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN POOL,
of north carolina,
In the Senate op the United States,
April 22, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, relative to the seat in the Senate from
the State of North Carolina claimed by Joseph C.
Abbott—
Mr. POOL said:
Mr. President: As this question is one
which affects my own State, perhaps, more
immediately than that of any other Senator,
it was of course expected that I should be
heard on the subject before the debate had
closed. But, sir, I feel on this occasion that
I am about to address the Senate under very
unfavorable circumstances. In the first place,
so much of the day has been consumed and
we have fixed such a time for a recess to-day
that there is hardly time left to go as fully into
the discussion as I might desire to do. In
addition to that, the question, being a purely
legal one, has been almost entirely exhausted.
It is a question submitted to the Senate and
to Senators as judges to decide upon the law
as it stands, not upon the law as any one would
have it.
So far as it affects the people of North Caro-
lina, their earnest wish and desire, without
any regard to party distinctions is, that the i
laws of the country shall be carried out and
executed as the Senate may find them to be.
There will be no grievance felt, there will be
no complaint made on the part of the people
of that State, however the Senate may find
the law to be in this case.
And just here, before I proceed with an
argument of the case at all, I am compelled
to notice a remark that fell, in the prelimin-
ary discussion this morning, from the Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] I understood
him to say that a political convention in North
Carolina had undertaken to memorialize the
Senate and instruct Senators how to find upon
this pending question of law. Until I came
into the Chamber this morning I did not know
that such an impression as that had found a
lodgment anywhere; but I was told it had
found some place in the newspapers of the
country, and I suppose the Senator from Illi-
nois was misled by them. The political con-
vention to which he refers took no such action.
They sent no memorial to the Senate of the
United States. They authorized no one to
bring any memorial here or to make any rep-
resentations for them. As they had a right to
do, they rfecognized the pendency of this ques-
tion, and they passed a resolution upon the
subject; but that resolution was simply that
they desired that the law should be executed,
and that if the Senate' should find that Mr.
Abbott is entitled to his seat it would be a just
rebuke to the Legislature which defied the Con-
stitution of the United States in voting for an
ineligible person as his competitor, and that
the best interests of the State would be sub-
served by admitting him to a seat. They
authorized no one to bring the resolution
before the Senate ; and the Senator is entirely
mistaken if he supposes I ever had any pur-
pose to bring it here.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I said nothing about his bringing it or being
authorized to bring it here. I said that prob-
ably he might have it in his pocket. I do not
know whether he has or not. I only spoke
of it as probable. I saw in the newspapers
that he was at the convention, and, being at
the convention, I thought probably he might
have that resolution in his pocket.
Mr. POOL. That was the intimation of the
