1320
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Chairman,, my colleague,
from' llie city of New York [Mr. Bkooks] lias
just presented to the committee and had read
a,petition from certain capitalists in New Eng-
land, asking that the duties on iron, coal, salt,
lumber, &c., may be removed. I hold in my
hand a petition numerously signed from a large
number of workingmen in the State of New
York, who take a different view of the_ ques-
tion from that presented in the petition of
New -England capitalists, and I ask that it
may be read. The petitioners represent what
I believe to be the sentiment of the working-
men of the country in relation to the perni-
cious doctrines of free trade, and their protest
should be heard.
The Clerk read the petition, as follows:
To the Senate and Howe of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned citizens of Syracuse, in the State
of New York, representing the interests of American
producers, respeetifully petition that such discrim-
inating duties be levied tin alt imported manufac-
tures us will render substantial protection to the
labor of our hands.
The people who own the country are rightfully
entitled to perform the mechanical and other work
required to supply the national demand for labor,
and as American citizens we claim the exclusive
right to the home markets of the country.
If foreigners want access to our better markets,
and on an equality with ourselves, let them emigrate
to the UnitedStatcs with their capital and machinery,
and pay not only our higher wages, but the taxes to
support our schools and other institutions, as we
have always done.
The home market sustains our industries,-and it is
the mainspring of our prosperity. But if the market
for the sale of the products of our labor fails, tho
work stops, and the employer and employe go out
of tho factory together. If, therefore, to please
foreigners, we throw down the barriers of protec-
tion and permit our home markets to bo supplied
with the manufactures and productions of other
countries we destroy ourselves, and sink to the level
of slave's and paupers.
It appears to us plain that the free-trade scheme
now urged before Congress is nothing less than a
plot to crowd out American workingmen from our
' home markets ana r6b them of a large share of
their labor.
We call your attention to the fact that every day's
work of imp'Ortod manufactures which competes
with our domestic industries practically robs our
mechanics and workingmen bf just that amount of
labor; and experience shows that the more we have
to do the greater the demands for labor, and con-
sequently tho more we prosper and improve our
condition.
We ask, therefore, at the hands of our Ilepresent-
atives such legislation with reference to the tariff as
will secure to us, so far as possible, tho completo
monopoly of the labor of tne country.
The benefits growing out of such legislation would
fall upon the toiling millions, and all have the right
to labor. Moreover., we think the mechanics and
workingmen of tho united States have a reasonable
claim to such fostering legislation as "will stimulate
domestic industry and augment the labor of the
nation, for lahoi^is the only source of wealth to
nations as well as individuals.
We have seen the printed petitions sent out by
tho Free Trade League in favor of heavy duties on
tea and colfee, but for freo trade on the manufac-
tures produced by the labor of England and other
foreign countries; but wo think theso petitions are
not entitled to much weight, as it is a notorious fact
that the league is operated by alien employes, and
sustained chiefly by British subscriptions, a feature
sufficient at least tb suggest the inquiry whether
such mission work is' carried on for the prosperity
and gain of England, or for charity and kindness to
the people of'the United: States. '
In conclusion, we refer to the fact that nineteen
twentieths of the voting population of the country
depend on labor for 'maintenance and happiness.
We therefore claim all the, tae'chanical and ma-
chinery work required to supply the demands of our
eountrymen for every description of manufacture
as an inalienable right of American citizenship, and
this right we shall insist upon at all hazards; and a
brave, intelligent, and free peoplp will Spring to
their feet in' defense of their industries as they
would in defense of the flag should foreign foes
invade our soil.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole has no power to refer papers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
Clerk shall now proceed- to read the bill by
paragraphs.
The CHAIRMAN. Shall the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with?
Mr. KERB. I object to that.
The Cierk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that by
unanimous consent the farther reading of the
bill bo dispensed wifh.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none, and the Clerk will now
proceed to read the bill by paragraphs for
amendment.
The Clerk read the first paragraph of the
bill, as follows:
House of Representatives :
For cartage for the House of Representatives,
$3,000: Provided, That constructive cartage shall
not be paid for, but all articles delivered on tho
trip shall be paid for as one load.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend:
the heading of that paragraph by inserting
after the words "House of Representatives'"
the words "and Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is manifestly a very
excellent provision; but I submit that it only
imposes a limitation upon this particular appro-
priation and does not go beyond that. I there-
fore move to insert after the word "not," in
tho eleventh line, the word "hereafter;" so
that it shall read, " shall not hereafter be
paid," &c. Even then it is uncertain whether
that language will effect the purpose we have
in view. ;
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of pre-
venting this from being construed as a limit-
ation of this appropriation only, I move to
strike out the words " provided that."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest to the
gentleman that he will attain his purpose bet-
ter by moving to strikeout the words "pro-
vided that," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "and."
Mr. HOLMAN. I will make my motion in
that form.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations. I desire to know how this work is
done. Is it done by contracts made after
advertisements, or by private contracts?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations appointed a sub-com-
mittee to make inquiries into this and other
matters, and that sub-committee, as I under-
stand it, found that this work is done by con-
tract with carters, and they are paid by the
load, fifty cents a load for books and for some
other things, and forty cents a load for remov-
ing ashes and garbage from the lower part of
this building. They bring in vouchers of the
number of loads they have carried, and of
what the load consisted, and are paid upon cer-
tified vouchers.
Mr. NIBLACIv. Certified by the Commit-
tee on Accounts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Accounts revise the vouchers, and pass
them before any payment is made.
But it occurred to the sub-committee who
made this examination, that there might pos-
sibly be constructive charges made in this way;
if a cart should go with parcels or packages
for several persons in one load, there might
be a, charge for four or five Ipads for the same
trip. This clause was pnt in to protect the
House, against constructive charges of", that,
sort; that is all.
Mr. KERR. By whom is this contract for
cartage made?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. By the Post-
master of the House, I believe.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
and read the following paragraph:
To pay the of&cial reporters of the Globe in each
House the amount which the' Comptroller of the
Treasury may find severally due them for services
during the'sessions of the Forty-Secoiad Congress,
under the eighteenth section of the act entitled "An
act making,appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,1867,
and for other purposes," approved July 28,18S6.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I more, pro
forma, to strike out this paragraph, for the
purpose of saying that there will be recorded
in the columns of. the Daily Globe to-morrow
mprning a statement for whiphldo not want to
pay; that is, that a portion of my constituents
are connected with aliens and British specu-
lators who are contributing to the funds of the
Free Trade League. Sir, that Free Trade
League is an American concern altogether,
and supported, so far as I know, by Americans
and American contributions. I do think that
if there is need anywhere for education such as
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
has proposed i,t is in the Syracuse district,
represented by my colleague, [Mr. Duell,]
where the freedmen make such allegations, to
be published in the Congressional Globe,
against a portion of the constituents I repre-
sent. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will stale how
much this clause will appropriate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot do
that, for no one can tell what will be the length
of thi3 Session of Congress. It will appro-
priate whatever may be found due under the
rates now fixed by law after the sessions of
this Congress shall have ended. It is pre-
cisely in the form heretofore adopted by Con-
gress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Cannot the gentleman
state an approximate amount?
Mr. SARGENT. About the rate of com-
pensation to each of the bfficial reporters that
is now paid to a clerk of the first class.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. About the rate
of a first-class clerk, as near as we can tell.
Mr. MAYNARD. I notice the paragraph
says "the of&cial reporters of the Globe."
Does that mean the gentlemen who sit here in
fr6nt of the clerk's desk and report our debates
and proceedings?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, the same.
For years they have been allowed by Congress
a certain amount in addition to what Messrs.
Rives & Bailey, the proprietors of the Globe,
pay them. The rate was lixedby law in 1860,
and that is the surplus amount which Congress
has since tfien paid them in addition to what
is paid tliem under their contract with the
publishers of the Globe. That is what is
appropriated by this paragraph. As it is fixed
by law t'he Comptroller of the Treasury always
ascertains and determines the amount at the
close of each session of Congress. The ap-
propriation has .for years beep passed in this
sbape, as a^afe one to bring about the result
contemplated by the law.
Mr. MAYNARD. "Why are they called
"the official'reporters?"
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio.'_ They are "the
official're^o.rters of the Globe in each House
We make them our officers for this business of
reporting, and their report, when made, is the
official record of the debates and proceedings
of each House.
Mr. MAYNARD. By whom are they ap-
pointed?
Mr. GARFIELD, of • Ohio. By the pro-
prietors and'prtbK'sUe'rs ijf thd Globe, with the
approval pf the Committee on Printing of each
House. ' '* ■ ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will direct
the Clerk to read a portion of the seventy-
seventh rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In all cases where appropriations cannotbe made
specific in amount, the maximum to be expended
shall be stated."
The CHAIRMAN. -The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield! will see that this rule
requires that where the specific sum is not
stated the maximum athount to be appropriated
shall be giveti.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That has not
been done within my memory in reference to
this item of appropriation, we have followed
here the form adopted by Congress year after
year. If any gentleman can define a maxi-
mum to be put in, I shall be glad to have it
put in.
Mr..NIBLACIv, I hope this paragraph will
