1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8013
fNovv, let us see what is the plain meaning of
~this. Every i'armer who makes tobacco must
;keep an account of all tobacco sold by him,
^to whom sold, andin what quantity. Unlesshe
i does this, how can he furnish the United States
-'officer with a correct statement, on oath, of
,,the number of hogsheads, cases, or pounds
Jsold, the name and residence of the purchaser
ito whom sold, and the place to which it is
shipped? And all this must be done under
a penalty of not exceeding S5O0. Now,
hear in mind that a portion of those who
raise tobacco can neither read nor write, and
especially is this the case with the freedrnen,
many of whom raise small crops of tobacco.
These men must employ a clerk, they must
pay that clerk, ana thus, in addition to the
heavy burden which you impose upon them
indirectly by your tax on the manufactured
article, you burden them with the expense
of keeping accurate accounts, which they may
at any time be called upon to swear to. Has
■_ such a proposition ever before been incorpor-
ated into the legislation of this country in re-
gard to the sale by farmers of farm products?
Corn is much used in the distiila'.ion of whisky.
Whisky is a taxed article, and therefore we
will require the corn-growers to keep an ac-
count of the corn sold by them, to whom sold,
the quantity sold, and when shipped; and
these accounts are at any time to be furnished
to a United States officer, and sworn to.
Again, there are in my district, and no
doubt in other districts, a considerable num-
ber of small farmers, living remote from mar-
ket in the mountains, who make small crops
of tobacco, who cannot well afford to ship to
a distant market, who have no tacilities for
prizing their tobacco. These men sell the loose
tobacco to neighboring merchants or other
parties, who, collecting tobacco from different
sources, prize it into hogsheads and ship it to
market. This class of men are those who
make their crop of tobacco with their own
hands. They are laboring men, and your pro-
posed legislation strikes directly at them. It
does not affect the large planter ; he cannot
afford to sell his tobacco m small quantities;
it would not pay. But it does impose a most
unjust and unfair burden upon the small
planters, those men, the bone and sinew of
the country, who should be especially pro-
tected.
Is there any member of the Ways and Means
Committee who would tolerate such a burden
upon the agricultural productions of his dis-
trict? I pause for a reply.
What would niv friend from Kentucky who
sits behind me [Mr. Beck] say to a proposi-
tion introduced into this House which should
prohibit the farmers living in his splendid blue-
grass region from selling their blood stock to
their neighbors for their own use, unless such
sales were made upon the farm, and t'.en
restrict them to sales not exceeding $100 in
value; which would prohibit them from tak-
ing their stock to Lexington and there selling
it to those who buy for use; which would re
quire them to keep an accurate account of all
stock sold, to whom sold, and the place where
shipped; and, in addition, which would re-
quire them at any and all times to produce
before a United States officer a sworn state-
ment setting forth all these matters under a
penalty of $600? Do you not think my friend
would, in his most emphatic and impressive
manner, "go for" the unlucky individual who
should suggest such a thing?
_ What would my friend from Indiana who
Sits near me [Mr. Kerf.] say, if this House
Should propose to make a law which would
prevent, the hog raisers of his State from sell-
ing their pork to neighbors for their own use
unless such sales were made upon the prem-
ises, and then such sales not to exceed §100
in value—a law which would require them to
keep an accurate account, of all pork sold, to
whom sold, and where shipped, and to furnish
at any time a sworn statement showing accu-
rately all these things? With what fervent
eloquence would he not denounce such a prop-
osition as violating every principle of civil
liberty! Would he not " demand to know"
from what clause of the Constitution could be
derived the power to do such an iniquitous
thing?
Suppose the President of the United States
would recommend to Congress the passage of
a law that the corn-growers of Illinois should
not be permitted to sell their corn to consum-
ers except at the place where grown, and also
require them to keep accurate accounts of all
corn sold, to whom sold, and where shipped,
would not the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bkrchard] incontinently take up his line of
march for the insurgent camp at Cincinnati.
Suppose a proposition was introduced into
this House forbidding the constituents of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
from selling his delectable "pig" to consum-
ers except as it came from the furnace, would
not his deep tones be heard denouncing the
proposition as a covert attempt to destroy
" American industry " by the "pauper labor
of Europe," and that '' British gold was at the
bottom of this daring attack upon the just
principles of protection to native industry?"
And finally, suppose the Secretary of the
Treasury should propose that those who catch
Professor Agassiz's "brain food," cod-fish,
should not, sell to consumers except upon the
Banks, would not the chairman of the com-
mittee turn from his beloved Boutwell forever,
and with tears in his eyes exclaim in "mournful
accents" "Ephraim is joined to his idols, let
him alone?"
Now, sir, in what respect do such laws as
these differ from the one proposed in regard
to the grower of tobacco ? The principle
is precisely the same. If you have a right to
restrict the mode, manner, time, or place in
regard to the sale of tobacco by the producers,
then you have the same right to do the same
thing as to the producers of stock, grain, pig
iron, or the catchers of cod-fish. I ask gentle-
men to bring this matter home to themselves.
Just suppose a similar proposition should be
made in regard to any agricultural products
grown in your own district. If you would not
apply it in such a case, then do not apply it to
us. [ ask gentlemen to pause and put I his ques-
tion to themselves: if this proposition were
made in reference to any agricultural product of
my district would I go for it? Is there one
of you who would tolerate for an instant such
a provision in regard to any article exclusively
raised in your districts?
What say you, corn-growers of Ohio, Indi-
ana. and Illinois, to such a proposition as this?
Do you think your people could stand it, as
applied to their productions? Then, why
apply it to us? I think a spirit of fair dealing
and equal rights as to all agricultural pro-
ducers will induce you to change this. May
I not urge another reason, which is that by
such legislation you will curtail the produc-
tion of that agricultural article of' export
which, next to cotton and wheat, brings you
the largest return, to wit, tobacco? I ask
you then to permit the planter to dispose of
his tobacco just in the same way that you per-
mit the farmer to dispose of his crops of grain.
I know that the excuse for this is that it
protects the manufacturer of tobacco who pays
you a tax. I, sir, do not desire to do injustice
to the manufacturer; 1 am willing, nay, I am
anxious, even to the extentof pertinacity, in the
opinion of some of my neighbors on this floor,
to afford the manufacturer every relief, but I
cannot relieve him at theexpense of the plant-
er. Delegation after delegation from the man-
ufacturers has appeared before the "Ways
and Means"—delegations, I undertake to say,
of shrewd, active, intelligent business men,
who understood their own interests and who
knew how to present their views in a most
forcible and direct manner; while on the
other hand not a solitary voice, so far as I
know, has been raised in behalf of the large
class who plant tobacco. As the representative
upon this floor of a large planting interest I
must enter my protest against the legislation
proposed in that part of the section to which
I refer, and which at the proper time I shall
move to strike out.
I propose now to submit some views upon
the general question of internal taxation. I
submit that a tax upon any agricultural pro-
duction, except in proportion to its value as
compared with other property taxed, is in vio-
lation of the just principles of taxation. The
fact that the article undergoes some slight
change bef >re it is put upon the market does
not change the principle. Because wheat is
converted into flour, and this baked into bread,
would it be any the less unjust to impose a
specific tax on bread than on wheat ? Because
Indian corn is ground into meal, would a tax
on corn-meal be any less objectionable than a
tax on com ? Now, manufactured tobacco is
not essentially changed in the process of man-
ufacture. It will not be denied that " raw
leaf" would be more palatable to those who
use tobacco than unground wheat would be to
those who use flour.
Why, then, is it more just to tax manufac-
tured tobacco than to tax flour? No one would
tolerate for an instant a tax npon flour or
bread, nor do I desire them to be taxed; but
there is no more authority for taxing one than
the other. We are told that in other countries
tobacco and spirits are legitimate subjects of
taxation, and therefore we should tax them.
Is this an argument? Because England and
France tax tobacco is that any reason why we
should tax this article? Then, by reasoning
equally convincing, because England has a king
or queen and lords we should have them al-to !
Because France one day hag a despotism, the
next day the commune, and the third a gov-
ernment which is neither the one nor the other,
but a large mixture of both with a very little
republicanism thrown in, we should have the
same advantages!
I hope gentlemen will give us better rea-
sons than these. But we are told that they are
luxuries, and therefore must be taxed. Are
gentlemen serious in this? If it, be true that
they are luxuries then why not tax other lux-
uries? In the part of the country from which
I come, the greatest luxury which can be con-
ceived of, the luxury which a very small num-
ber can enjoy—indeed it is a luxury enjoyed
by none of us except the Federal tax-collect-
ors—-is the luxury of having your pockets full
of money and a large balance at your bank-
er's. If you tax tobacco and whisky as lux-
uries, then, in the name of justice, why do you
not tax, and tax heavily, too, this, the greatest
luxury of all? You tax the tobacco which
is used by the laboring man, yos; fax this,
the only luxury he has; yon tax this from
one to two hundred per cent., but the other
luxury, the luxury of a pocket full of money
and a large bank balance, you have entirely
overlooked.
Your whole svsfera of internal taxation ism
violation of every just and equitable principle.
It is arbitrary, uujus', and unwise. Thiee
fourths of your interna! revenue are collected
from labor, and come out of articles pro-
duced by the land-owner and land-worker. The
whole system is arranged in the interest of cap-
ital and against labu% in the interest of the
money holder and money-lender against the
land-holder and land-woiker. It is a two-
edged swoi d, wielded by the money rings ; with
one edge they snvie labor and with the other
land. Day by day the laboring man finds it
more and more difficult to live; the rates of
wages are but little increased, while the cost
of living is doubled, tripled, or quadrupled.
Day by day the laud-owner finds it more and
more difficult to procure a reasonable return
