1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
Therefore, I shall not consent to striking them
out. In 18G8, when the Committee on Coin-
asie was presided over by Mr. John A. Kasson,
of Iowa, copper nickel coins, 111 the propor-
tion of 23 to 77, I think, were provided for,
and since then no other coins of the denomin-
ations of three and five cents have been made.
Now, to strike these out without inserting a
provision for other coinage, would leave us
practically without a supply of these small
coins. This bill is symmetrical in all its parts ;
it is a mere revision of the mint laws, suggested
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and con-
curred in by every man who sees the difficulty
of managing mints and assay offices scattered
over this country as they are, without having
a responsible head. Its sole function is to so
codify the laws, and to appoint a responsible
head, under the Secretary of the Treasury, that
our coinage may be uniform and honest, and
that if we issue base coin we shall issue, them
for not more than their value, as our fathers
used to do, and shall redeem them wherever
they are found in excess among the people.
In the good old times to which the gentle-
man mistakenly refers, when a cent repre-
sented intrinsically the one hundredth part of
a dollar, there was no means of redeeming
that or any oiher subsidiary coinage that was
issued. When m a later generation the cor-
rupted three-cent coin was issued, no pro-
vision was made for its redemption. Last
year, owing to the efforts of the Committee
on Coinage, against the mistaken resistance of
the gentleman from New York, though with
his after cooperation, we made those coins
redeemable. This bill perpetuates tliat sound
provision, nothing more.
Mr. POTTER. It was not necessary to
make provision for redeeming baae coin when
we did not issue any. Our fathers had no
necessity for making a law for exchanges of
coin, because all the coins of those days
were of exchangeable value. The device of
exchanges grew up iu consequence of the issue
in later times of these base coins, and the only
symmetrical part of this bill is the provision
that these base coins hereafter are to be made
of nickel alone.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir. The silver coin
remains as the gentleman's party friends wisely
made it—a subsidiary coin worth four per cent,
less than its intrinsic value in gold. _ •
Mr. POTTER. Where the difference in in-
trinsic value is so slight I do not call the coin
a base coin.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope thatthe
gentleman from Pennsylvania will consent to
refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole,
or have it considered in the House as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, so that we may go over it
section by section. I observe that, among other
things, the bill proposes some changes in sala-
ries which ought to be discussed. I hope the
gentleman will adopt this suggestion. 1 make
it in an entirely friendly spirit.
Air. KELLEY. As the bill is altogether a
public bill, I am anxious that it shall receive
the most thorough consideration. I am per-
fectly willing it shall go either to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, if its consideration be not
thereby delayed, or that it be considered in
the House as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will save time
to consider the bill in the House as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. KELLEY. I move, then, Mr. Speaker,
that the further consideration of this bill be in
the House as in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Under the five-minutes
rule ?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; m the House
under the five-minutes rule.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. Is there objection to continuing
the consideration of this bill in the House as
in Committee of the Whole, under the five-
minutes rule?
Mr. DAWES. Will that permit the bill to
be taken up section by section?
The SPEAKER. It will necessarily involve
that. If there be no objection the order will
be made.
There was no objection.
The S PE AKER. After the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] his had his five minutes,
the Clerk will read the first section of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A question has
been i aised here which is of considerable inter-
est; and I happen to have in my hand some
material that has been in the possession of the
Committee on Appropriations, and which seems
to nic valuable enough to be placed on the pages
of the Globe. It is in the form of a letter
addressed to the former chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on two questions
which have been raised here to-day by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Potter;] first,
as to the intrinsic value of these debased coins;
and second, as to what is known as the "profit
account" of the Mint. The following is the
document to which I refer:
Mint op the Ukited States,
Philadelphia, January 25,1870.
Sik: In reply to the communication of the 18th
instant, signed by R. J. Stephens, clerk of your com-
mittee, and, in its behalf, requesting a .statement
showing the aggregate profits(or transient,tram)aris-
ing from thenicket and cent coinage (luring the last
five years; also the actual gold value of the nickel
pieces, (or one hundred of them;) and also the gold
vatuo of one hundred of the cent pieces. I have the
honor to inclose statement marked "A" showing tho
profits, &c., as requested.
To the second question I reply that it is usual for
us to state the value of our inferior coins in currency,
because tho accounts ot that coinage are so kept.
But, as the answer is required in gold, the following
is deduced, namely:
The metal in 100 five-cent pieces, of seventy-seven
grains, nickel and copper, cents in gold. $0 55
Labor, material, dies, coinage, wastage, &c  80
Total in gold $135
100 throe-cent pieces, nickel and copper metal, t2'3,)
labor, &c., (80,) gold SI 03
100 one-cent pieces, copper 20, (proposed,) labor,
&c„ (80,) gold 1 00
100 two-cent pieces, bronze metal, (34,) lahor,
&c., (70) 1 01
100 one-cent pieces, bronze metal, (17,) labor,
&c„ (70) 0 87
The actual whole cost to Groverninent is^ nearly as
great for making a cent as a five-cent piece. The
above does not includo the cost of the bags, &c.t
delivery, Jcc. This cost is about equal to live per
cent, on the above estimates.
Very respectfully, yours,
JAMES POLLOCK,
Director.
Mint of the Uxited States,
Philadelphia, January 21, 1871.
Statement showing tho amount of profits on the
one, two, three, and iive-eent coinage transferred to
the United States Treasury from January 1,1865, to
December 31,1869, inclusive:
Profits of the year 1805....  $450,000
Profits of the year 180G  875.1)00
Profits of the year 1867   1,200,000
Profits of the year 1868 1,000,000
Profits of the year 1860    *550,000
Total S-1,075,0U0
JAMES POLLOCK,
Director of the Mint.
Hon. H. L. Dawes, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. KELLEY. I was about to suggest that
the gentleman from Ohio embraced a period
in his profit account before nickel was used in
our coinage.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The facts I have
stated will go into the Globe ; and I wish to
add that I hope the time will come when we
will not have tokens, but real money ; neither
tokens in metal nor tokens in paper, unless
they represent their lull value.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (.Mr. Cox in
the chair.) The bill is before the Housb for
* In addition to the profits of 1869, a balance of
$167,182 11 was withheld as a fund to meet contin-
gent expenses of the cent coinage account tor tile
present quarter. This sum includes the one, two,
three, and five-eent coins on hand and for distribu-
tion.
action, and the Clerk will read the first section
for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
ThatthoMintof thellnited St.at.eiis hereby estab-
lished as a bureau of the Treasury Department, em-
bracing in its organization and under its controWtll
mints for the manufacture of coin, or assay offices
for the stamping of bars, which are now, or which
may be hereafter, authorized by law. The chief
officer of the said bureau shall be denominated the
Director of the Mint, and shall be under the gen-
eral direction of the Secretary of the Treasury. He
shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Scuate, and shall hold his
offiee for tho term of five years, unless sooner removed
by the President, upou reasons to be communicated
by him to the Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, to strike out the fol-
lowing words: "and shall hold his office for
the term of five years, unless sooner removed
by the President, upon reasons to be commu-
nicated by him to the Senate."
Mr. MAYNARD. I modify my amendment
so as to strike out the preceding words of
the sentence, and add after the word "Treas-
ury" the words "to be appointed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate;" so that it will read :
The ohief officer of the said bureau shall be
denominated the Director of the Mint, and shall be
under the general direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to bo appointed by tho President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from Ohio,
or any other gentleman, chooses to propose an
amendment to my amendment, that he shall be
removable only for cause shown the Senate, I
do not object; but whatl do object to is limit-
ing the term of offipe to a period of five years.
11 is a departure from the usual practice in like
cases. Difficult and delicate as are the duties
of this offiee, if no reasons can be urged for the
removal of the incumbent, he should be al-
lowed to continue to hold his office without
being embarrassed at the end of three years,
or five years, or any other number of years, by
a struggle or competition for his place. He
should not be annoyed with matters of this
kind, but should be removable only for cause
shown.
The only office in which this feature of lim-
iting the term to a fixed period exists is that of
the Comptroller of the Currency, and certainly
in that case it has not proved to have worked
well. If we are to have genuine reform in the
civil service—I mean reform in fact, honest,
bona fide reform made in the civil service—then
wo shall have officers removable only for cause
shown. Change is not reform : and unless our
action applies in the direction of only remov-
ing officers for cause, we never shall have any
real civil service reform.
Mr. KELLEY. I think the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee had better not
be adopted. The period of five years was
fixed, as I understand, so as to remove this
office from the excitement of a presidential
contest, and the excitement which follows
such a contest. No person fills the office at
this time. The selection is to be now made,
and to continue for five years. By putting the
period at five years it shows that Congress has
determined to remove this office at least from
the quadrennial distribution of places under
the old cry that "to the victors belong the
spoils." Under the bill as it now is such a
man would be selected as would be best fitted
for the duties of the office, as there would then
be the expectation of his remaining there dur-
ing good behavior. I hope, theretore, the bill
will be permitted to pass as it stands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it iu order to move to
amend the amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN". I hope the gentleman will
accept a modification of his amendment, so
that we shall strike out the words "for the
term of five years." If he does not, I move
then, instead of striking out, to insert after the
