1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
■way of a sailing vessel; it would, under this
law, be the duty of the sailing vessel to exhibit
these lights, and in case of a failure to do so,
a steamer would be relieved from liability,
Mr. CONGER. Certainly the propriety of
requiring vessels to carry two lights will not
be denied by any gentleman who reflects upon
the subject. With the exhibition of a single
light upon a dark night neither a steamer nor
a sailing vessel can tell the direction in which
the vessel is going, but when they exhibit a
red and a green light they can always tell the
direction in which she is going. On seeing a
red light they would know at once in which
direction the vessel was sailing in, and upon
seeing a green light upon the other hand they
would know that it was going in the reverse
direction. Seeing both lights they would know
whether it was coming toward them or going
from them. It is one of the easiest and best
modes of signals that has ever been or can be
adopted, and with the least expense. It tells
the captain of a steamer or sailing vessel at a
single glance the situation and direction of
whatever vessel carries the lights. I hope this
amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman allow
the question to be taken on the amendment
of his colleague, [Mr. Roosevelt?]
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I withdraw my
motion for that purpose.
The question was put upon Mr. Roose-
velt's amendment, and there were—ayes thir-
ty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I now move to amend
by striking out from line one hundred and
thirty-three to line one hundred and thirty-
eight—
But shall, if they do not carry such lights, carry
a lantern having a green slide on the one side, and a
red slide on the other side, and on the approach of
or to other vessels, such lantern shall be exhibited
in sufficient time to prevent, collision, so that the
green light shall not be seen on the port side, nor
ttte red light on the starboard side.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 object to going back.
Mr. HOL.MAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn, but I will withhold my motion
to allow my colleague [Mr. Kerr] to make a
request of the House.
Mr. KERR. I desire to submit some
amendments to this bill. Those amendments
are substantially a substitute for the forty-
third section of the bill which the House on
Thursday last struck out. I merely want to
have them printed for more convenient use
to morrow.
There was no objectiqn; and the amend-
ments were ordered to be printed.
report on the new york custom-house.
Mr. BEATTY. fromthe Committee on Print-
ing, reported back a concurrent resolution of
the Senate providing for the printing of extra
copies of the report and testimony taken by
the Senate committee of investigation in regard
to alleged abuses in the New York custom-
house, with an amendment, in the nature of a
substitute.
The original resolution was as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there bo printed ten thou-
sand extra copiesof the report and testimony taken
by the Senate Committee of Investigation and Re-
trenchment in regard to alleged abuses in the New
York custom-house, four thousand of which shall
bo for the use of the Senate, and six thousand for the
House; also, twenty thousand copies of the report,
exclusive of the testimony, eightthousand of which
shall be for the use of the Senate, and twelve thou-
sand for the use of the House.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Printing as a substitute for the resolution
of the Senate is as follows:
Strike out all after the words " the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring," aud insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That there be printed fifteen hundred extra copies
of the report and testimony taken before the Senate
Committee of Investigation and Retrenchment m
repaid to alleged abuses in the ov," York custom-
house, five hundred of which shall be for the use of
the Senate and one thousand for the House; also,
twelve thousand eopics of the report, exclusive of
the testimony, four thousand of which shall be for
the use of the Senate, and eight thousand for the
House.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was concurred in.
ENROLJjliD bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 48) to settle and quiet the
titles to lands along the boundary line between
the States of Georgia and Florida; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1664) to change the loca-
tion of the First National Bank of Seneca,
State of Illinois, to the city of Morris, Illinois.
beaver lake, indiana.
Mr. MANSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to furnish to this House as early as conven-
ient all the information in his possession relative
to Beaver lake, in the county of Newton, Slate
of Indiana, the application for the survey thereof,
&c., not contained m Senate Executive Document
No. 2o, particularly copies of tile following-named
papers and maps filed with the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, but by him omitted m his
letter in said documont, namely, the written state-
ment of J. M. Commons; tho writton statement of
A. B. Condit: some five or six letters to Parker
Dresser from settlers on and around tho bed of
Beaver lake ; two maps of the Beu.ver lake la.nds,
filed by Parker Dresser, and ono tiled by T. A. Hen-
dricks.
mrs. frances a. Jl'lUNNHY.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 1866, for the relief of Mrs. Frances A.
McKinney, for the purpose of non-concurring
in the amendments and asking a committee
of conference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
leave of absence.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for one week.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of the
claim of J. Ross Browne for additional com-
pensation as minister to Japan, for the%purposc
of referring the same to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
lUr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, obtained leave to have with-
drawn from the files of the House the papers
in the case of J. D. Stockton, an applicant for
bounty.
appalaciiicola and ciiatahoociiee rivers.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
liesolved. That the Secretary of War is hereby
respectlully requested to at once furnish this House
the surveys ofthe mouth of the Amialaohicolariver
and of tho Chatahoocheo river, with accompanying
papers.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do we not use the word
"directed," instead of the words "respect-
fully requested," when calling upon the heads
of Departments for information?
Mr. WHITELEY. I will substitute the
word "directed."
The resolution, as modified, was then
adopted.
st. croix and lake superior railroad.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Ketciiam of New York, Mr.
Rusk of Wisconsin, and Mr. Holman of In-
diana as the conferees on the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon tlie bill of the House No. 565,
to extend the time to the State of Wisconsin
to complete a road from Lake St. Croix to
Lake Superior.
The motion of Mr. HoLMASwas then agreed
to ; and accordingly (at four o'clock and forty-
three niinutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of H. Gib-
son, of Baltimore, for duty on clay pipes and
earthenware.
By Mr. BIGBY': The several petitions of
William S. Wallace and James J. Ray, asking
the removal of their political disabilities.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Martin Kel-
ley, of Boston, Massachusetts, and others,
in regard to workmen on the post office at
Columbia.
By Mr. K1SLLEY: A memorial asking a
grant to tho American Printing House for the
Blind and the American University for the
Blind; signed by Hon. J. 11. liutan, speaker
of the senate, Hon. W. Elliott, speaker of the
house, and all the members of both the sen-
ate and hoase of representatives of the State
of Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of the American Philosoph-
ical Society of Philadelphia, asking Congress
to make an appropriation to enable American
astronomers to join with other nations for the
observation and study of the transit of Venus
in December, 1874.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The memorial of
George S. Fisher, late United States consul at
Kanagawa, Japan, for reimbursement of his
losses by fire at the consulate oil November 26,
1864.
By Mr. PLATT: The memorial of citizens
of Virginia, asking Congress to make appropri-
ations to aid the American Printing House for
the Blind and the American University for the
Blind.
By Mr. SLOCtTM : The petition of citizens
of New York, for increase of duty on earthen-
ware, stoneware, &c.
By Mr. WALLACE : The memorial of Cap-
tain L." Grist and others, of Yorkville, South
Carolina, to admit printers' type duty free.
post route hill introduced.
The following was introduced, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads:
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: A bill to estab-
lish a post road from Linn, via Mount Avril, to
Owen's Mill, Osage county, Missouri.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 3, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received fromthe House
of Representatives were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below ;
The bill (H. R. No. 2188) to dispense with
informers in the internal revenue service—to
the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 2192) to establish a
western judicial district of North Carolina
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of
Horace B. Shepard, of Indiana—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 578) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, m the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin—to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 21S6) to amend an act
