274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[AFL 22,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Pool.
42  COXO....2D Sess.
to that statement to know whether I am right
about it, for I really have not examined the
law.
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOOL. Under the plurality rule the
minority candidate may take the office. Where
ever the plurality rule prevails the majority
must, if they scatter or vote for ineligible can-
didates, submit to the plurality or the minority
filling the office. Wherever the plurality rule
prevails, therefore, it is in the hands of the
minority unless the majority shall concentrate
their votes. In New Hampshire, and I be-
lieve the same rule obtains in Connecticut in
regard to members of the Legislature, where
ever, by scattering, the majority prevent an
election in the first instance, it is remanded,
and they are told, "Now, if you scatter, the
punishment is that the minority candidate
having a plurality shall take the office."
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
North Carolina aiiow me to ask him a ques-
tion, in order that I may understand his posi-
tion ?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. What does he mean by
saying they can be elected by a plurality in
North Carolina in a ease of this kind?
Mr. POOL. I did not say in an election for
Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought you did.
Mr. POOL. No.
Mr. THURMAN. I am glad to be corrected.
Mr. POOL. That is a matter for argument.
I say in State elections the plurality is therule.
Mr. THURMAN. Popular elections.
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir; I was arguing as to
popular elections entirely. If toe Senator had
paid attention to me he would have seen that
by what I had said of New Hampshire. I was
speaking of popular elections of Governor and
members of the Legislature.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg pardon for inter-
rupting the Senator.
Mr. POOL. But, Mr. President, some rule,
in order to prevent the failure of an election
not only by scattering, but by voting for ineli-
gible candidates, ought by every Government
111 the world that has elections at all to be
adopted, and to be well understood and strictly
enforced.
Now, sir, what is the rule in the case of the
prevention of an election or an attempt to pre-
vent an election by voting for ineligible can-
didates? I have just discussed what, it is when
there is an effort on the part of the electors by
scattering their votes to prevent an election,
or where by scattering they inadvertently pre-
vent an election; for, no matter whether it be
intentional or inadvertent, it is the same to the
Government; it is in subversion of the great
priuciple and policy ot the law that an elec-
tion ought if possible to be made.
Why, sir, the rule has been so thoroughly
discussed before the Senate in regard to voting
for ineligible candidates that I do not propose
to go into it again. It has been literally
exhausted by the able speech of the Senator
from Wisconsin upon the one side, and the
Senators from Illinois and Ohio on the other.
But it is clear in an election viva voce—I will
not say in popular elections by ballot, but in
an election viva voce—where the ineligibility
is known to the electors, the candidate receiv-
ing the plurality, or minority vote, if you please,
is elected. There is a reason why the rule
should not apply in case of elections by ballot,
and that was adverted to very ably and very
clearly by the Senator from Wisconsin. When
the election is by ballot it is secret; how the
elector votes is his secret; and the Senator
very well stated it. You cannot ascertain
whether a man voted for this candidate or the
ether candidate; you caunot bring home to
him the knowledge of the ineligibility of the
candidate; and then, as the Senator from
Wisconsin well said, you open the door and
spread out an invitation for fraud and perjury.
That was assigned as a reason why the rule
does not apply in the case of popular elections
by ballot, and as I have understood those who
have advocated the seating of Mr. Abbott, they
have not taken the ground that in popular
elections by ballot the rule applies in regard
to voting for an ineligible candidate.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me,
if it does not disturb him, to ask a question
right there?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose it be proven
in ti.e case of an election by ballot that every
elector who \oted at that election knew of the
ineligibility of A B, and yet A B received a
majority of the votes, have you not then proof
that the majority of the voters knew of his dis-
ability, and voted for the man knowingly?
Suppose notice to be given as required in the
English cases to the electors, every man of
them has notice brought home to him, do you
not then get at the material fact that the major-
ity voting for A B knew of his ineligibility; and
is not the only case cited in America in favor
of the minority man, the Indiana case, a case
where the election was by ballot? For all
elections in Indiana have always been by ballot.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to discuss at any length the policy of the
law which confines this ineligibility rule to
elections Dim voce. I understand that posi-
tion to be distinctly taken by the Senator from
Wisconsin, and it was ably argued by him ; but
I will state the rule again, and it is enough for
this case. This was not an election by ballot;
this was an election viva voce. The rule is,
that where two elements enter into the prop
osition, the plurality candidate, the minority
candidate, being eligible, is entitled to the
seat. What are those two elements? The
first is, that the election is viva voce; the sec-
ond is that the electors knew of the ineligibil-
ity of the candidate at the time they were
voting for him. If the election be viva voce
and the ineligibility be kuown to the electors,
both elements combining in the proposition,
I undertake to say there is no case in England
or America in which upon the claim of the
minority candidate he was not seated. I have
examined all the cases that have been cited
here, and all others I could find; the case of
Gallatin, the case of Shields, and every other
case that has been brought to the attention of
the Senate, and wherever one of those cases
looks against the proposition that Abbott ought
to be seated, it is because there is absent from
it one or the other of these two elements—
either the election was not viva voce or the
ineligibility was not known to the electors.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to call
the attention of the Senator to the case of
Judge Moses, of South Carolina, who was
elected viva voce by the Legislature to the
otnee of chief justice of that State. It was
known by those who voted for him that he
was ineligible on account of the third section
of the fourteenth amendment, to the Constitu-
tion. After his election a bill was introduced
here by myself for the removal of his disabil-
ities, and I made a statement of ihe case to
the Senate, that he had held office previous to
the war, had been for about twenty five years
consecutively a State senator, and was elected
to the office of chief justice of South Carolina,
and his disabilities were' removed by a vote of,
I think, 48 to 7. There is a case directly in
point in opposition to what the Senator says
about the rule in North Carolina. The Legis-
lature knew that he was ineligible, but they
elected him hoping that his disabilities would
be removed by Congress, and they were re-
moved on the statement made by me to the
Senate when I asked to have his petition
granted.
Mr. POOL. Did the minority candidate set
up a claim ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. He did not. I will
say that the minority candidate was eligible;
he was not resting under disabilities.
Mr. POOL. Then I undertake to say that
in that case if the minority candidate had set
up his claim, supposing that there is 110 special
statute in South Carolina on the subject, he
would have been entitled to be installed in
office, notwithstanding the Congress of the
United States removed the disabilities of
Judge Moses, for the rights of that minority
candidate were vested, and the removal of
disability where the right was vested could
not relate back. But if the minority candi-
date abandoned his claim, or did not set it up,
he acquiesced in the seating of Judge Moses.
The proposition that I made was this: that
where the two elements have combined, where
the election was viva voce, and the ineligibility
of the candidate voted for by the majority was
kuown to the electors, there is no instance
where the minority candidate has asserted and
set up his claim that it has been refused.
The rule in senatorial elections is—I will state
it as it is accepted here, though I doubt the
proposition exceedingly—that a majority of a
quorum under the State law is required to
(•ffect the election of a Senator upon the first
day—a majority of a quorum in each branch
of the Legislature. Now, suppose that to
be the rule, how may the electors defeat the
election of a Senator? They might, in the
first place, defeat the election on the first day
by absenting themselves from their respective
bodies. But suppose they attend. Then they
can defeat the election by scattering their votes,
and they may defeat the election by voting for
an ineligible candidate.
Is there no provision of law by which such
failure to make an election is guarded against?
There is. If there is a failure on the first day
from any of these causes the provision is that
there shall be a joint assembly on the second
day, and when you get into joint assembly a
different rule prevails. There must be a ma-
jority present and voting, and of that majority
some candida'e must receive a majority. But
the safeguard thrown around the indefinite
failure of an election because of absenting
themselves on the second day or scattering the
votes of the majority is that every day for the
balance of the session, at the hour of twelve
o'clock meridian, there shall be an assemblage
of that joint convention, and a ballot taken.
But, sir, what is there in the act to pie-
vent the failure of an election by voting for an
ineligible candidate? Nothing at all. They
may vote for au ineligible candidate on the
first day, and then there is no balloting in joint
convention on the second day; nor is there
ever another ballot on the subject, if you take
the practice in this case. Here, upon the first
day, an election was prevented in each house
by a majority voting for an ineligible candi-
date. They went into joint convention the
next day. Did they take a ballot? Did they
subject the Legislature to the inconvenience of
going into joint convention at twelve o'clock
meridian every day thereafter, and having at
ieast, one ballot? Not at all; but the joint
convention declared tiie ineligible man elected,
and proceeded straight to the transaction of
the regular ordinary business of the session
for the space of more than twelve months.
But, sir, the common law of England, as
recognized to be the common law of this coun-
try, and precedents and decisions in Ameri-
can courts which met the case, made it unne-
cessary that there should be special legisla-
tion on the part of Congress to meet the case
of voting for ineligible candidates.
Why was the vote required to be viva voce ?
To what end is it required that iu a senato-
rial election the vote shall be viva voce instead
