3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,:
for his means invested in land. He cannot
make more than one or two, or at most three
per cent. 011 his investment, while the money
lender makes ten or twelve, or even one hun-
dred per cent.
80 great is the depression in agriculture
in the southern States that large portions of
the country are rapidly passing hack into the
wilderness, not would it he much better with
the agricultural States of (he West hut for the
vast immigration which is constantly pouring
into that section, Labor and land, the two
great sources of the wealth of nations, the
two breasts of the State, are at this time in a
deplorable condition throughout our country.
You may talk about our national prospersy as
much as you choose, but it cannot.be denied that
our laboring population and our agriculturists
are at this moment in a worse condition than
they have been for years. There must be a
reason for this, and what is the reason? Is it
aught else than because the immense burden
of your taxation, some four hundred million
dollars per annum, tails almost exclusively on
labor and land ?
There is only one just principle of taxation,
which is, that each and every citizen should
contribute to the taxes in proportion to his
ability to pay. Adam Smith lays it down as
a fundamental principle of taxation that " the
subjects of every State ought to contribute to
the support ol' Government as nearly us pos-
sible in proportion to their rospeciive abil-
ities." Can any one deny the justice of this
principleV la it not right that Government,
which is intended to protect property, should
he supported by property? If this principle
is true in a monarchical Government, is it,
not especially true in this, our General Gov-
ernment?
The objects to be attained in the formation
oi the General Government were not to
protect personal rights as between citizens;
that was not contemplated; that was left to
the Stales. The Government was authorized
to collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
for 1 he common defense and general welfare.
And these duties, imposts, and excises were
Jo be uniform throughout the United States,
and no direct tax was to be laid unless in pro-
portion to the census. I take it that the Irani-
era of the Constitution meant by those pro-
visions something more than a uniformity of
taxation on any particular article taxed. It
is hardly to be supposed that men as wise as
they were would agree that the entire taxes
of the country might be raised by a tax upon
one particular article.
Did it ever enter into their heads to conceive
thai Congress would have the right to collect
all the taxes required for the support of the
Government by a tax upon wheat at so much
per bushel, or a tax upon tobacco at so much
per pound? If Congress has the right to levy
a specific tax on tobacco for a portion of the
revenue, irrespective of the ratio which the j
value of tobacco bears to other agricultural |
products taxed, then^it has an equal right to ;
collect all of the taxes from tobacco, it has an j
fqual rig lit to raise all the taxes from wheat '
or corn or petroleum or any other article. This
could never have been the design of those who
frameti ihe^Constitution. Their great object
was to require taxes to be paid in proportion
to the ability to pay.
Let us see what Justice Story says in regard
to the meaning of uniformity of taxes. I
quote from. Story, Constitutional Law. pases
428-429: v b
"The order of the subject would naturally lead us
to the inquiry why direct taxes are required to be
governed by the rule of apportionment, and why
duties, imposts, and excises' are required to be
uniform throughout the United States. The answer
to the former will be given when we come to the
further examination of certain prohibitory and re-
strictive clauses ol the Constitution on the subject
of taxation; the answer to the latter may be given
in a few words: it was to cut off all undue prefer-
ences of one State over another in the regulation
'| of subjects affecting common interests. Unless du-
'j tics, imposts, and excises were uniform the grossest
M arid most oppressive inequalities, vitally affect,in?
j[ the pursuits and employments of the people of dif-
ij terent States, might exist; the agriculture, com-
i; merce, or manufactures of* one state might be built
,1 up on theruins of those of another; and thecoinbi-
jj nation of a few States in Congress might secure a
I! monopoly of certain branches of trade and business
to f'hetuselver, to the injury, if not to the destruction
of their less favored neighbors." " * * "
"It this provision as to uniformity of duties had
been omitted, although the power might never have
been abused to the injury of the feebler States of the
Union, (a presumption which history docsnot justify
us indeerning quite safe or certain,) yet it would of
itself have been sufficient to demolish, in a practical
sense, the vnlue of.most of the other respective
clauses in the Constitution. New York and Penn-
sylvania might by an easy combination with the
southern States have destroyed the whole navigation
of New England. A combination of a different
charactcr between New England and the western
States might have borne down the agriculture of the
South; and a combination of a yet different char-
acter might have struck at the vital interests of
manufactures, so that the general propriety of this
clause U established by its intrinsic wisdom, as well
as by its tendency to quiet alarms and suppress
discontents.''
Is not the fair meaning of this that the pro-
ductions oi one section ot the country should
not he taxed while those of another were
exempt? Might it not be said that under your
present system of taxation a combination of a
certain character has struck at the agriculture
of the southern and western States.' Again,
the Constitution provides that " no capitation
or other direct tax shall be laid unless in pro-
poition to the census or euumemtiou herein
before decided to be taken." Now, is not a tax
upon tobacco a direct tax within the meaning
of the Constitution? I am aware that in the
case of Hylton vs. United States, (3 Dallas,
171,) the Supremo Court decided that a tax
upon carriages was not a direct tax, and they
intimate that a capitation tax and a tax oil
land were the only two direct taxes within the
purview of the Constitution. But the general
question did notarise in that case as to what
were or were not " direct taxes the partic-
ular case decided was as to the tax on car-
riages, and all else said was what the law-
yers call obitnv dictum. Ihe case decided is
the law of that case, and of all similar cases ;
but the case which was not decided cannot
settle the lawin similar cases. In the case
decided one of the judges intimates that a tax
upon the products of the soil might be regarded
as a direct tax. It may well be asked, if a tax
upon land is a direct tax are not taxes upon
the products of land diiect taxes? Land is
valuable not in itself, but lor what it produces.
Land which produces 110 crops is not and can-
not be valuable as laud. If, then, it be the
products of the soil which make laud valuable,
these products should occupy the same posi-
tion in regaid to taxation as laud, and can only
be taxed as land is taxed. A tax was imposed
upon raw cotton, but it was soon repealed as
unjust, il not unconstitutional. Why is a tax
on tobacco more just than a tax upon raw
cotton ? It is claimed that the tax is imposed
upon the manufactured article; but docs this
alter the case? Manufactured tobacco is not
essentially changed from the "raw" article by
manulactuie. It is used for the same purposes
and in the same way, cither raw or manufac-
tured; the only effect of the manufacture is to
make it more convenient to handle and a little
moie palatable, it is not more changed in
the process of manufacture than wheat is when
converted into flour or corn into meal. In my
opinion, therefore, a specific tax upon manufac-
tured tobacco is contrary to the spirit if not
the letter of the Constitution.
I return to the proposition that the only just
principle of taxation is that each citizen should
pay in proportion to his abiiityto pay. Any
other rule is arbitrary and empirical. You
wholly ignore this rule. You do not tax ac-
cording to what a man has, or according to
what, he makes, but you tax what he con-
sumes; and that is not the worst of it. If
you taxed all articles consumed according to
their value it would not be so unjust; but you
tax only particular articles of consumption
and you tax those articles of consumption
which are used in greatest proportion by the
laboring classes, and which are derived from
the ptoducts of agriculture. What articles of
consumption pay your internal taxes? Are
they those used by the rich or those used by
the poor? Let us see. For the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871, there was collected from
domestic spirits the sum of §46,281,8-18 10
and from tobacco the sum of $33,578,907 18-
making together the sum of $79,860,755 28,
The entire internal revenue for that fiscal
year amounted to $144,011,176 '24, so that
spirits and tobacco paid more than one half
of the entire internal revenue. And these two
articles are consumed more largely by the
laboring classes than by the wealthy. The
men of wealth use their fine imported wines
and brandies, their' imported cigars, while the
laboring men must of necessity content them-
selves with domestic spirits, and plug or fine-
cut tobacco. I think it, might be claimed with-
out fear of successful contradiction that the
working men ot our country pay more per
capita of the internal revenue than do the men
of capital, and especially is this the case since
the discontinuance of the income tax.
Now, is this right ? Can it be justified on
any pretense whatever? In other countries
these laws taxing rich and po'or to the same
extent are supported on the ground that they
are sumptuary laws? But has the Congress
of the United States any authority to pass
sumptuary laws? From what clause of the
Constitution can they deiive such power? If
we can pass such laws, then there is no limit
to our power, and we can do just what we
please. I do not think that the Congress of
the United States can resolve itself into "a
Brick Lane branch of the Grand Junction
Lbenezer Temperance Society, " and enforce
its views upon the people by law. I duly ap-
preciate and admire those distinguished Sen-
ators and Representatives who give us eloquent
addresses on temperance, and who illustrate
the moral grandeur displayed in the life and
character of a reformed drunkard; 1 sympa-
thize with the anti-sinokisg and anti-chewing
society ; but when they ask Congress to legis-
late on these subjects I must respectfully refer
them to their respective State Legislatures,
where the power to do so properly belongs. I
hope that it will not be supposed for an instant
that I am an advocate of intemperance, for
such is not the case. I am in favor of tem-
perance in all things, temperance in eating and
drinking, temperance in legislation, and espe-
cially in taxation.
Lut until the millennium shall arrive—and .
God grant that it may soon come, for it is
much needed about this time—many men will
use spirits and tobacco; and because they do
this, I see no reason why all the taxes should
be imposed upon them. The taxes are now
imposed, not in proportion to the ability of
the individual to pay, but in proportion to his
capacity and inclination to drink spirits or
chew tobacco. But, as I have already said,
these two articles are selected as proper sub-
jects of taxation because they aie luxuries.
Now, let us examine into this matter a little
turthei\ If the taxation of luxuries be the
true principle, then tax to the utmost limit
the many luxuries of the rich, and spare the
few luxuries, or rather comforts, of the poor.
In your present system of taxation this is not
done.
Ihe miner who toils down in the earth, upon
whose pallid lace the glorious, life-giving sun
but rarely shines, whose eyes are seldom glad-
dened by the sight of green meadows, waving
woods, sparkling brooks, and lofty mountains,
those glorious pictures painted and framed by
nature's good God for the delight of nature's
poorer children ; the hardy mariner who braves
a thousand dangers upon the ocean, bringing
