8910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr. LOGAN,. It may be possible,- and
possibly it is true, that some of the little Bibles-
ace published on unsized paper, but when I
speak of the Bible, I mean what is called a
family Bible. I venture the assertion that the
Bible lying oil the table of the Senator to-day,
if he has one, and I presume he has, is printed
on sized paper; and if he has not he ought to
go to the Bible Society and have them send
him qne. Ijwi-li read a. statement that has
been published, and I presume these gentle-
men who are,publishing newspapers generally
publish, what they know to be true so far as
pointing is concerned:
. "None but sized paper-is used- on Harper's
journal, Frank Leslie's journal, Appleton's jour-
nal,Bonner's Ledger, New York Weekly, Scientific
American, Moore's Rural New Yorker.ARriculturist,
Independent, Methodist Book Concern, American
Tract Society's publications, Bible House publica-
tions, and all first-class periodicals."
This statement is made by publishers, by
men whq ought to know, and I make my state-
ment based upon the statement of men who
ought, to know all about this matter. Their
information I take and not my own, for I have
none except what I have acquired from this
class of men. I have acquired it by reading
the statements made by the publishers in refer-
ence to these facts. I did not know until a
short time ago the difference between sized
and unsized paper, and I presume there are
few Senators who do unless they have exam-
ined the question. There are one or two gentle-
men, or two or three perhaps, - in this Cham-
ber who have been engaged in the printing
business heretofore, and knew what it was,
but I did not until I examined the question.
The Senator from Ohio says that 1 want to
equalize the duty. I know that my remarks
are not very instructive) nor are they so elo-
quent as those of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance ; but if he will give me
his attention for a. moment I should like to
make a suggestion to him. He stated that I
wanted to have the duty uniform. He says
it is impossible to fix-this up in any other way
than the way he has made it; otherwise that
writing paper would come in at the lower rate.
If I was chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and had charge of the laws regulating
the finances of this country, my judgment is
that my ingenuity, if 1 had any, would sug-
gest to me some way to make a distinction
between this paper. I can do it, as ignorant
as I am of the finances of this country, and
if the chairman of the Finance Committee
cannot, I do not say that he is ignorant, for I
would say no such thing, but I say to bim that
I can do it. How would I do it? Provide
that writing-paper shall be an exception.
He says you can cut up this sized paper
and make writing-paper out of it. I would
provide that all paper to be used for printing
purposes should pay such a duty. Is it not
very easy to regulate that? How could you
regulate it different from other articles that
come in? You make your law and custom-
house rules regulating it. It is very easy to
be done. But he says this paper will be cut up
and made writing-paper of. I will say to him
thatitwould be very poor writing-paper. The
paper these periodicals are printed on would
not be first-class writing-paper. But he makes
the doty on writing-paper uniform; and that
is a question I want to put to him. The finest
French linted paper pays what? Thirty-one
and a half per cent, under this bill. The
coarsest common English paper pays thirty-
one and a half per cent. Is not that true of
writing-paper? Now, if you make the duty
uniform on writing-paper, why can you not
make it uniform on printing-paper? The Sen-
ator says the genius of man cannot make the
distinction ; his genius has not made the dis-
tinction between French tinted paper and
coarse writing-paper; but his genius has made
a distinction between printing-paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, 1 will ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois how a custom-house officer
in New York could find out what the paper
was intended for. Suppose there were im-
ported by John Doe so many thousand reams
of paper, could the officer tell whether it was
intended to be used by Frank Leslie, or by
Harpers, or by Richard Roe, or by somebody
else. You must give a commercial name or
some description which will enable the custom-
house officers to designate the kind of article,
and the only one we have been able to find out
is the difference between sized and unsized
paper. If the Senator can fifld out any other,
very well.
I will state to the Senator that this very
difficulty of drawing the line was submitted to
the gentlemen interested, for there are three
or four sides represented on this question,
some wishing one thing and some another.
The proposition was submitted to them to
draw a line and we would see to curing any
inequality, if we could. They utterly failed
to do it, although engaged for their whole
lives in the trade.
One gentleman, in order to draw the line,
proposed to levy a certain rate on sized paper
of certain dimensions and description; but we
found that that sized paper would answer for
him but would not answer for others.- No one
has been able to give us a commercial descrip-
tion or designation that would draw the line
between printing-paper and writing-paper ex-
cept by using the words "sized" and "un-
sized." I have several letters here from
publishers and men engaged in paper-making ;
and that is the whole difficulty.
Mr. LOGAN. I can see very readily the
difficulty, and that is exactly what I want to
avoid. The suggestion I was making to the
Senator was that he should explain to the
Senate why it is that he puts a uniform duty
on French tinted paper and on coarse writing-
paper. Why does he not distinguish between
those two classes?
Mr. SHERMAN. We do.
Mr. LOGAN. You do not.
Mr. SHERMAN. We fix an ad valorem
duty.
Mr. LOGAN. The ad valorem duty is the
same on both ; but suppose the price is the
same, one is very superior to the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ad valorem duty
distinguishes itself, because if the article is
cheaper the duty is lower.
Mr. LOGAN. That ad valorem, duty is of
course according to value, but you can do the
same thing with this, can you not? Can you
not put an ad valorem, duty on this? Do you
not do it? Do you not put an ad valorem,
duty on the paper to be printed ? Is not that
true? I ask for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; and here is the
difficulty, the Senator can certainly see it, for
he has served on the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives. You
put an ad valorem duty of twenty per cent, on
sized paper, you reduce then the rate, that
being a higher grade of paper, and the only
line by which we can draw the distinction be-
tween ordinary printing-paper and the highest-
priced paper. It has always been a rule in
our tariff legislation to put a higher rate of
duty on an article advanced in cost and ma-
terial. For instance, we put a lower rate on
printing-paper and a higher rate on writing-
paper. The Senator will see the justice of
that. The only line we can draw between the
two kinds of paper is " sized " and " unsized,"
unless the Senator can suggest some other
line.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I will show -you the
difficulty if 1 can make myself understood.
The Senator says he puts an ad valorem duty
on writing-paper, and therefore the best qual-
ity of paper pays a duty according to its price.
That is true; but he puts an ad valorem iiuty
on printing paper, and the same rule then ap-
plies. Why not make an ad valorem, duty
apply to sized and unsized paper the same?
But it does not. He makes it higher on one
than on the other. Therefore it is not fair.
He thinks it is fair on writing-paper and unfair
on printing-paper. That is a strange argument
to me. I cannot understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
another question, then. Why do weput a duty
of twenty or twenty-five per cent, on pig iron
and a duty of forty or forty-five per cent, on
rolled iron, and a duty of some sixty per cent,
on the higher grades of iron ?
Mr. LOGAN. To answer why a committee
does anything in reference to duties, is a thing
that no living man on earth can do. A s it is said
in the play, " That's a subject no fellow can
find out." Why you do all these many things
that are strange, I cannot explain. I leave
that for the committee to explain themselves.
I am asking you now why not put an ad valo-
rem rate on all printing-paper the same as on
writing-paper? That is what I want to know ;
and the Senator replies by asking, why do we
put a certain duty on a certain class of iron,
and a certain other duty on another class of
iron'!
I presume the fact to be that if Mr. Frank
Leslie, unfortunate man, had not been the man
to urge this, it might have been seen in a very
different light; it would not have been so un-
fair. Now I want the Senate to say that a man
shall not pay more duty forthe paper on which
a book is printed than he does for the book
after it is printed. I want that explained, if
any man can explain it. And if the Senator
from Ohio is so afraid that we cannot fix the
duty to suit all classes, why not reduce the
duty on sized paper below the duty you put
on books, which is twenty-five per cent, on the
paper after it is printed. Why not put the
duty at twenty.five per cent, on the paper be-
fore it is printed upon? That would be a great
deal fairer than to say thirty-one and a half
per cent, oil the paper before it is printed on,
and twenty- five per cent, on the paper after it
is printed on. It seems to me anybody can
understand that. Is there any reason why a
man cannot understand that? I think not,
and yet this committee have put the tariff on
paper without any printiug on it at more than
the tariff on the paper with the print. There
is the point I want to make. Therefore I
move to strike it out.
Now. I should like to ask the Senator if
there is as much distinction between these two
classes of paper which I hold in my hand as
between the paper on which newspapers are
printed. Here are two classes of writing-
paper, one very coarse and one very fine. Yon
have an ad valorem duty of what on that?
Of thirty-one and a half per cent, on each.
That is uniform, but it is according to value
you say; but you put thirty-one and a half
per cent, on sized printing-paper and you put
eighteen per cent, on unsized printing paper.
That is the difference. All we ask is that you
make it the same thing ad valorem of so much
on printing-paper as well as so much on writ-
ing- paper, and then you will have a distinction,
and you will have it fair so that every person
will be treated alike.
I know it is a very hard thing, a very up-hill
matter ; it is like trying to row a flat-boat up
the Mississippi river, to argue against the
Committee on Finance in the Senate, because
committees are considered here almost perfect;
not quite ; but they are only a little below the
angels; the Senate always sustains them. It
is very hard work to argue against them, and
a man will either get credit for a good deal of
nerve or be regarded as a very foolish man
who undertakes it; I do not know which. It
makes very little difference to me, especially
when the chairman treats one with such non-
chalance as almost to say "You are an igno-
ramus and I know all about it." It is a very
hard thing to reason before the Senate in ref-
erence to a matter that you may know a little
about, aud a matter that he knows nothing
about, as has been exhibited here before the
Senate.
