1222
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I appeal to the
gentleman to let us run on a little further in
the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman
know that if we wait half an hour or an hour,
the subject cannot be acted on in the House ?
No motion can be made to suspend the rules
bo as to make this provision in order except
on Monday. I therefore insist upon my motion.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
74, noes 49.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Maynard
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 55.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having taken the chain Mr. Scofield
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1654) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, and for former years, and for
other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to move
a suspension of the rules, so as to make the
clause in the deficiency appropriation bill in
relation to the publication of the laws in news-
papers in order.
M{. SPEER, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have the floor,
and do not propose to be interrupted.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question ot order.
My point of order is that the motion to adjourn
has been made to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The motion to adjourn has
not been made. Members of the House should
know that a mere calling out of a motion, how-
ever loudly it may be done, does not make it;
a member must be first recognized as entitled
to the floor. The usage is unbroken that when
the committee rises the gentleman having
charge of the bill must be recognized by the
Chair. He has a right to make amotion, and
pending that motion one to adjourn will be in
order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
FXELDj'moves that when the Committee of the
Whole next takes into consideration the defi-
ciency bill the paragraph in regard to the pub-
lication of the laws in the newspapers shall be
in order, and pending that motion 
Mr. KILLIN GER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair asks unan-
imous consent in behalf of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Coborn,] the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to make a
request with regard to the consideration of a
bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to arquestion of
order, and it is whether when the House next
goes into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union the motion to suspend the
rules will not be in order?
The SPEAKER. In the Committee of the
Whole?
Mr. ELDREDGE. When the motion is
again made to suspend the rules and go into
Committee of the Whole will it not be to so
suspend the rules as to admit this paragraph
as in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be if the House
goes into Committee of the Whole next on
Monday, but not on any other day.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The motion of the gen-
tleman is that when the House goes into Com-
mittee of the Whole the rules be so suspended
that this paragraph shall be in order.
The SPEAKER. It is'* only competent to
do that on Monday, and a motion to suspend
the rules so as to make the paragraph in ques-
tion in order can only- be made on Monday.
Mr. ELDREDGE. And the rales must be
suspended for that purpose before the House
shall adjourn to day?
The SPEAKER. Or else this paragraph
will not be in order when the consideration of
this bill shall be resumed in Committee of the
Whole to-morrow.
homesteads for soldiers, etc.
Mr. COBURN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to ask unani-
mous consent that the bill (H. It. No. 1665)
to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
United States may be made the special order
for the 21st of March next, to the exclusion
of all other orders, and that that day be set
apart for its consideration. It-is a bill, of
very considerable importance and of general
interest.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent at this time.
Mr. COBURN. I hope there will be no
objection.
The SPEAKER. Unless the previous ques-
tion shall be moved on the bill that day, it
would lose its place upon the adjournment of
the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman to include in his motion
that the previous question shall be considered
as ordered at half past four o'clock on that day.
Mr. COBURN. I will do so.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
shall be ordered at so late an hour of the day's
session, and the House should thereupon
adjourn, it might involve the consumption
of the most of two days in the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. COBURN. I will say four o'clock.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Is there not
already a special order for that day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not ;
and if there was, unless made in this form, it
would not affect this bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. This same subject has
beeu referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and many bills of the same character
have gone to that committee. The commit-
tee has given careful consideration to this
subject, and as it will be called in a few days
it will be ready to report upon it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] object to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
CoBURN ?]
Mr. HAWLEY. I do, for I see no neces-
sity for putting the matter off to so late a day.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think the bill might be
passed now by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand it
is not now in a shape to be passed.
Mr. COBURN. The bill has been very
carefully considered by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
move to suspend ihe rules and pass it now.
The SPEAKER. There is already pending
a motion to suspend the rules, made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] in con-
nection with the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. This same subject is before
the Committee on the Public Lands, and has
received the careful consideration of that com-
mittee. As the committee will be called in a
very few days, and will be prepared to report
upon this very matter, a,nd as it seems to me
it is the appropriate committee to report upon
a bill of this character, J. must object to the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Coburn.]
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 675) granting to James G.
Dana the use of certain plates.
adjournment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the question recurs upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Killinger,] that the House now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 88, noes 59.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Killinger were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 73, noes 75.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD and Mr. PERCE called for
the yeas &nd nays on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were—ayes 27, noes 78.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 84, nays 75, not voting 81; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs Averill. Barber, Barry, Beveridge,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, George M.
Brooks, .Buckley, Buffinton, Roderick It. Butler,
William T. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Creely, Dickey, Duell, Dunnell, Eames,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Halsey,
Havens, Hawley, Gerry W. Uazelton, John W.
Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary. McOrew, Mc-
Junkm, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Leonard Myers,
Packard. Packer. Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Peree,
Petefs, Porter, Prindle,' Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Strong, Sypher, Tafie, Thomas, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Twichell.Tyner, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace. Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
jl. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—84.
NAYS — Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, James Q. Blair,
Bright, James Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell, Freeman
Clarke, Comingo, Crebs, Crossland, Duke.Eldredge,
Ely, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Garfield,
Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Hamble-
ton, Hancock, Handley. Hanks, Ha,rper, Hay. Hib-
bard, Holman, Kerr, King, Lamison. Leach, Lewis,
Manson, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mc-
Intyre, McNeely, Merriok, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Niblack, Potter, Price, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice,'Roosevelt, Scofield, Sherwood, Shober, Sla-
ter, Slocum, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Sutherland,
Swann. Terry, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voor-
hegs, Waddell, Whitthorne, Williams ot New York,
and Young—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, Braxton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Campbell, Carroll, Conner, Cox, Critcher, Crocker,
Darrall, Davis, Dawes, De Large, Donnan, Dox,
DuBose, Elliott, Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Garrett,
Goodrich, Harmer, George E. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hays, Herefoid, Hernclon, Hooper, Kendall,
Ketcham, Kiiiinger, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing,
Marshall, MoKee, McKinney, Mitchell, M-oore,
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Negley, Orr, Hosea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, AaronF. Perry, Eli Perry,
Piatt, Poland, Randall, Road, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk, Seeley. Sessions,
Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Starkweather,
Storm, Stowell, St. John, Dwight Townsend, Tut-
hill, Wakeraan, Walls, Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard, Winchester, and Wood—81.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (atfour o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEVERIDGE: The petition of
John H. Hooper, for relief.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of trus-
tees of the Hartwood church, Stafford county,
Virginia, asking for $2,000 to rebuild their
church.
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of Governor
Ponder, Isaac White, L. B. Chandler, John A.
Hazzard, and some 200 others, citizens of the
State of Delaware, praying an appropriation
to improve the navigation of Broadkilm river,
in that State.
