1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
No. 830) for the benefit of Charles M. Briggs,
reported adversely thereon and moved its in-
definite postponement ; which was agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1781) authorizing the Secretary of
War to deliver condemned ordnance to certain
soldiers' monumental associations, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 112) incorporating branches
of the Texas Pacific Railway Company, under
the name and style of the North Carolina
Extension Kaiiway Company, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have instructed me to move that a
letter in their possession from Admiral Por-
ter, on the subject of the-bill (8. No. 818) for
the reduction of the number and grades of
officers of the Navy, and for other purposes,
be printed for the use of the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Simon Van Etlcn, praying pay for services
rendered in the transportation of troops during
the late war, submitted an adverse report;
which_ was ordered to be printed, and the
committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the administrator of Joseph Whea-
ton, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 909) for the relief of the administrator
of the estate of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton,
deceased.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Martha Barker, of Florida,
claiming compensation for property destroyed
during the Seminole war, leported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition ot Benjamin Cooley and James W.
Boswell, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 911) for the relief of Benjamin
Cooley and James W. Boswell.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (IT. R.
No. 1149) to authorize the commissioners
of claims to appoint special commissioners
to take testimony, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments, aud submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 828) in relation to the district courts of
Alabama, have instructed me to report it
back with amendments. As it relates merely
to the time of holding the courts, I suppose
the Senators from Alabama would like to have
it disposed of.
Mr. SPENCER.* I hope it will be acted on
at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The first section provides that
the terms of the district court of the United
States for the northern district of Alabama
shall commence on the second Monday in
May and the second Monday in November in
each year. The second section provides that the
district judge may appoint a special session of
the district court, to be held in the middle dis-
trict of Alabama, whenever, in his opinion,
there is a necessity therefor. Two weeks pre-
vious notice of the time of holding such special
session shall be given by advertisement, in a
daily newspaper printed at the city of Mont-
gomery.
The amendments reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary were in line five of section
one, to strike out "second Monday in Novem-
ber '_' and insert " third Monday in October;"
and in the second section, to strike out " two
weeks previous notice of the time of holding
such special session shall be given by adver-
tisement in a daily newspaper printed at the
city of Montgomery."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
pay of naval officers.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 897) in regard to the commencement of
increased pay to promoted officers in the Navy,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. This
bill merely provides against a possible con-
struction of law by which money might be
taken out of the Treasury for no service per-
formed. I presume every Senator will be glad
to vote for it. I should like to have it read,
subject to objection.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to repeal the clause in sec
tion seven of the act of July 15, 1870, " mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses," which enacts " that hereafter the in-
creased pay of a promoted officer .'■hall com-
mence from the date he is to take rank as given
in his commission;" but if such officer shall
have been promoted in course to fill a vacancy,
and shall have been in the performance of the
duties of the higher grade from the date ho is
to take rank, he may be allowed the increased
pay from that date.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor explain how that affects the question of
service, and particularly the question of pay?
I see that it relates to the time of the promo-
tion, the time when the pay of such promo-
tion shall commence.
Mr. AN 1'HONY. _ The law provides, and
that provision is left in the law, that when an
officer is entitled to promotion, which he can-
not have except by an examination to test
his moral, professional, and physical qualifica-
tions, and he is absent at sea, and, from no
fault of his own, cannot be examined for his
promotion, and afterward passes his examina-
tion and receives his promotion, his rank and
pay shall commence from the time that he
would have been entitled to examination had
he been at home instead of being at sea;
that is, the Government does not take ad-
vantage of an officer's being absent on duty
when the time for his promotion arrives. But
it sometimes happens that officers are com-
missioned, their rank to date previous to the
time they receive their appointment or pro-
motion. It has been claimed that when offi-
cers have received commissions dating back,
giving them rank on the Naval Register, their
pay shall commence at the date of their com-
missions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does this bill
correct that?
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill corrects that,
but it leaves an officer entitled to have pay
from the time when he would have been pro-
moted if he was here to be examined at the
time he was entitled to promotion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is mani-
festly proper.
Mr. APHONY.
This bill merely pre-
vents an officer receiving back pay from the
date of a commission which is merely intended
to give him rank.
Mr. COLE. If I understand it, then, it
affords pay to an officer for advanced rank
before lie is advanced. That is the plain
English of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The existing law gives
a man pay for advanced rank before he was
advanced, if the reason why he was not ad-
vanced was because he was absent at sea and
could not be examined.
Mr. COLE. That might be alleged in some
cases as a reason for the advanced pay where
the party was absent for a year or two; I do
not know how long.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose he is?
Mr. COLE. These promotions in the Navy
do not occur always in regular order by the
regular steps of progress.
Mr. ANTHONY. They do always ; the
regular promotions.
Mr. COLH. 1 think some of them are
jumped over.
Mr. ANTHONY. But this is to prevent
those who are advanced out of course from
receiving any increased pay therefor.
Mr. COLE, I think this is a very extraor-
dinary proposition. Itproposes to pay officers
for a rank they did not have during the time
when it is alleged they should have had it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not propose any
such thing. That is the taw, and it ought to
be. Suppose a lieutenant of the Navy is at
sea on a three years' cruise, and is at the head
of the list, entitled to be promoted to lieu-
tenant commander, would you keep him from
his place on the Register, and from his pay,
because duty prevented him from appealing
before the examining board?
Mr. COLE. If a man gets his pay for the
higher rank from the time he receives the
rank, it seems to me that is ali-sufEeient, and
the law as made a year or two ago, which is
now sought to be repealed, I think wa3.made
upon sufficient deliberation, not inconsider-
ately. I am sure it was not passed through
iti a morning hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator entirely
misapprehends this bill. This does not pro-
vide for what I think is perfectly right, and
what he thinks is altogether wrong. That is
provided for by the existing law. This does
not touch it. This bill merely provides that
when a man receives a complimentary pro-
motion, it shall not carry pay. It takes noth-
ing out of the Treasury, but prevents money
from going out.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the bill
read again.
The bill was read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. R,.
No. 3782) in relation to bounties, have in-
structed me to report it with an amendment.
I ask, if there be no objection, that it be put
on its passage now.
The bill was read, with the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs,
which was to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and in lieu thereof to insert:
That every volunteer, non-commissioned officer,
private, musician, and artificer, who enlisted in
the military service of the United States prior to
July 22, 1861, under the proclamation of the Presi-
dent ot tho United States of May 3, 1861, ana the
orders of the War Department issued in pursuance
thereof, and was actually mustered into any regi-
ment, company, or battery which was accepted by
the War Department under such proclamation and
orders, shall be paid tho full bounty of $100. under
and by virtue of the said proclamation and orders
of the'War Department in force at tho time of such
enlistment, and prior to July 22, 1861: Provided.
That tho same has not already been paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know
what that means.
