1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
327
now in the Philadelphia Mint a-treasurer who
gets $3,500 a year. This bill puts up the cor-
responding or relative officer to $5,000. There j
is a superintendent of the mint at San Fran-
cisco who now gets $4,500; this bill puts his
salary up $500. The olBce of engraver is a
new one created by this bill. There is a superin-
tendent of the mint at Carson City whose salary
is incidentally increased $1,000, from $2,500
to $3,500.
Mr. FARNSWORTEL The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. K^lley] has but this mo-
ment assured rue that tiiere was no increase
of salaries by this bill.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have said that
by this section, as compared with the hook of
estimates of appropriations, which is always
fully up to the law, there is in every case, so
far as i have noticed, an increase of salary.
[fleie the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD. Before the question is
put, on striking out this section, 1 desire to
move some amendments to perfect it. In line
two I move to strike out 1' five hundred," so
that it will read "five thousand dollars;" in
line five strikeout " five thousand " and insert
"four thousand five hundred in linesseven,
nine, and twelve, strike out " five hundred,"
and in line fourteen strikeout " three thou-
sand " and insert" two thousand five hundred."
Mr. MAYNARD. Why not propose one
amendment at a time?
Mr. BURCHARD. If the section shall be
amended as I propose, it will then read as
follows:
'l'hat there shall be allowed to the Director of the
Mint an annual satiny of $5,000, and neoessaiy trav-
eling etpenses in visiting tbo different mints and
ussay offices; to the superintendents of the mints at
Philadelphia and San Francisco, each$4,500; to tile
assayers, welters and ictiuei.-,, and coiners of those
mints, each $3,000; to the engraver of the Mint at
Philadelphia, S3,000; to the superintendent ol' the
mint a.t Carson City, and all other mints now estab-
lished, oi' hereafter to be established, an annual
salary of not exceeding ^3,000; and to the assayer,
inciter and refiner, and coiner of such institutions,
each a salary of not exceeding $2,500, the amount
oi such salaries to be determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury, &c.
That will leate the salaries as they are at the
present lime, according to the bonk of esti-
mates referred to by the gentleman ftom Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] excepting that there is an
additional officer created, a Superintendent of
the Mint at Philadelphia in place of a Dircc or.
The salary of the Da ector of the Mint at Phil-
adelphia now is $;J,500. This bill wili create
an additional officer, a Sopeiinteudem of_the
Mint at Philadelphia, with a salary of $4,500,
the same as that of the superintendent at San
Francisco. That increases the expenditures
of the Mint by $4,500, and the salary of the
Director, even by my amendment, is increased
S5300. Now, it seems to me that is a sufficient
iuerease.
If any objection is made to voting upon all
these amendments together, I will move them
one by one. 1 propose to leave the salaries
as at present, except, the increase of the salary
of the Director by $500. As the bill now stands
it jsroposes to raise ihe salaiy of the engraver
from $3,000" to $3,500, of the superintendent
of the mint at Carson City from $3,000 to
$3,500, and of the assayers, melters and ic-
fiueis, and coiners at Philadelphia and San
Francisco from $3,000 to $3,500.
Mr. KELLEY. I had not had before me
the book of estimates, but have appealed lor
information to sources that ought to have been
well informed and reliable. The information
given me was that the total cost under this
bill would be at about the rate of the present
cost, with the addition of the salary of the
Director of the Mint, which was a new office,
and that was in accordance with what 1 stated.
If I understood the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Gaufikld] correctly, he said
thai this bill not only proposes to increase the
pay, but to increase the officers, and especially
that the engraver ol the Mint was a new offi-
cer. Sir, the first mint bill of the country pro-
vided for the office of engraver. There was
then not to be found in the country a die-sinker,
but there was a very eminent, s'eel and copper
engraver, and his services could be had by the
Government. The die3 have always been cut
by an officer known as the engraver of the Mint.
The Mint could not have issued a coin with-
out an engraver or a d;e-sinker, It was in
consideration to change the name of the offi-
cer to that of die-cutter, but having respect
to the traditions of the office, it was concluded
not to do so. [
As for $5,000, it will not be too large a i
salary for a man charged with the business of
superintending all the mints and assay offices
in the country; and if he ia to give personal
examination to the mechanical and scientific
departments of the business ; if he is person-
ally to see to the fidelity of Ihe "picks," as
they are called ; in oilier words, if lie is to see
that the coins taken for tests are taken miscel-
laneously, and are not picked coin ; if he is to
give personal attention to the various duties of
his office, he must at times travel fioin coast
to coast, from one mint city to another, from
Philadelphia to San Francisco, lo Carson City,
and other points at which there are mints.
As to the other officers, if it be true that, the
bill proposes an increase of their salary, I do
not ask that sucli provisions be retained. I
do not see that while the Director of the Mint
is to become the mere supeiintendent under a
directing head, there should be any increase
of his pay. Had I examined the estimates
for salaries I should have convened the com-
mittee, that we might have revised our action
upon a mailer in which I have been mistaken
in common with other gentlemen on the eom-
mitt •<;. I think it would be injudicious to
reduce ihe pay of the proposed chief of the
bureau as set forth in this hill. I shall resist
such a reduction, but the other amendments I
assent to at onee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Burcuard,] which takes
precedence of the motion to strike out.
Mr. MAYNARD. As an amendment to
the amendment of tlie gentleman from Illinois
I move to strike out "$5,000," in the second
line of seciion twelve, and insert "$4,500."
The office of Director of the Mint is a new
office wjncli we are now creating—the head
of a new bureau. In adjusting the salary of
this officer we ought to fix it so as to corre-
spond m some degree to the salary of other
heads of bureaus. 1 believe there are at, pres-
ent but two chiefs of bureaus—the First Comp-
troller of the Tieasurv and the Comptroller of
the Curieney—whose annual salary is $5,000.
Most of the heads of bureaus receive a salary
of but $3,0u0.
The Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and
the officers of similar rank in the State, In-
ternal, and Post Office Departments, receive a
salary of but $3,000; and I can see no reason
why the head of this proposed new bureau
should be paid more than we now pay to the
best paid officers of corresponding grade in
other branches ofthe service, whose pay, it will
be remembered, was fixed in a period of high
prices, when money had much less purchasing
power than at present. It seems to me inop-
portune and in every way out of place to pro-
pose an increase of salary at this time and in
this connection. In order to have an oppor-
tunity to say what 1 desired to say on this point
I have proposed to lix this salary at $4,500,
which, ill my judgment, is enough, though I
•would not seriously contend against making it
$5,000. But more than that I think we cer-
tainly ought not to pay.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire oi
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] whether, as aquesliouof fact, the salaries
of these officers are increased by this bid I
Mr. KELLEY. The salaiy of the proposed
Director of the Mint is not increased, because
there has heretofore been no such office?
Mr. DAWES. This is a new office?
Mr. KELLEY. A new office, a new bureau.
Mr. DAWES. 'The other officers take the
name of " superintendents," I see.
Mr. KELLEY". Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Is their salary increased
above what they receive now when they are
called " directors?"
Mr. KELLEY". So it appears from the pro-
duction of the book of estimates. The bill ill
that respect is as it was sent to us.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that; I want
to ascertain what is ihe increase.
Mr. KELLEY. The increase will be ascer-
tained by looking at the book of estimates.
Inasmuch as the committee received the assur-
ance that there was no increase, I. assent to
the amendments which propose to fix the sal-
aries at the present standard.
Sir. BUHCHAKD. I modify my amend-
ment so that each proposition may be voted
on separately. I move, in the first place, to
strike out in the second line of section twelve
"five hundred;" so as to fix the salary of the
Direc.or ofthe Mint at $5,000 instead ot $5,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, is that amend-
ment subject to fuither amendment?
The SPEAKER tempore. It is.
Mr. IIOLIIAN. I move, then, to strike out
"$5,000" and insert "$4,500," so as to make
the salary the same as that fixed by existing
law. Forty-live hundred dollars is the amount
paid at present to the Director of the Mint,
Who is also the Superintendent of the Mint at
Philadelphia. It cannot be said the duties to
be performed by this new officer will bo more
responsible and laborious than those which
have been performed by the Director of the
Mint. We paid during the whole period ofthe
war, and during the whole period since the
termination of the war, no higher salary than
$4,500 to this officer, who, besides being Di-
rector of the Mint in Philadelphia, was also
superintendent of the various branch mints
throughout the United States. It is now pro-
posed to pay this head of a bureau, who is only
to discharge the duty of Director of the Mint,
$1,000 more than we have hitherto paid, when
the same officer has not only been Director of
the Mint, but superintendent of all the branch
mints and assay offices throughout the United
Stales. In other words, sir, we reduce the
duties of the officer very largely, while at, the
same time we are asked to increase his pay as
largely.
Now. sir, when the country demands some
reform in this civil service, it is quite remark-
able that this hill should be brought forward,
and that, too, at a time when an effort is being
made to reduce the expenses of the Govern-
ment, providing not only for new officers, but
that the salaries of these new officers, as well
as of a large number of officers in the various
branch mints of the country, shall be increased
at the rate of'from twenty to twenty-five per cent,
over the extravagant rates paid during the war.
An attempt to increase the salary of the Direct-
or of the Mint beyond $4,500 failed even at
that time. Even then it was deemed an ample
salary. Now, by this bill it is proposed to be
increased to $5,500, and even the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Buiichard,] economical
as he has been, proposes by his amendment to
fix the salary at a rate of $500 higher than it
is at present, and $500 more than it was during
the war, and that, too, at a time when the Direct-
or of the Mint had to perform besides the duty
ofgeneral superintendence ofthe branch mints,
which, by this bill, this officer is not called upon
to discharge, i undertake to say that in extrav-
agance, and in encouragement to profligate
expenditures of tlie public, money, no section
ever came before Congress equal to the section
which it is now proposed to strike out.
So defective is the section in form, and it
confers such extraordinary powers upon the
