3912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending Jane 30, 1873.
posu office appropriation bill.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the eighth amendment
of tbe Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1070) Banking
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for tho year ending June 30,1873, hav-
ing met, after a full and free conference have agreed
to reepmmend and do recommend tc their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered eight.
WILLIAM .WINDOM,
R.E.FENTON.
WILLIAM 'X. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
F. W. PALMER,
A. A. SARGENT,
W. E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the Dart of the House.
The report was concurred in.
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE.
Mr. CARPENTER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference appointed by the
Senate and House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses on Senate
bill No. 473, entitled "An act to tuther the admin-
istration of justice," respectfully report that after a
full and free conference they advise thoir respective
Houses that the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment proposed by the House of
Representatives, and concur therein, with amend-
ments, so that the same shall read as follows :
An act to further the administration of justice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houtp of liepresent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever, in any suit or proceeding
inacircuit court of the United States, being held
by a justice of the Supreme Court and the circuit
judge or a district judge, or by the circuit judge
and a district judge, thero shall occur any differ-
ence of opinion between tho judges as to any mat-
ter or thing to be decided, ruled, or ordered by the
court, theopinion of the presiding justice or the
presiding judge shall prevail, and be considered tho
opinion of the court for the time being; but when a
final judgment, decree, or order in such suitor pro-
ceeding shall be entered, if said judges shall certify,
as it shall be their duty to do if such be tho fact,
that they differed in opinion as to any question
which, under the act of Congress of April 29, 1802,
might have been reviewed by the Supreme Court on
certificate of difference of opinion, then either party
may remove said final judgment, decree, or order
to the Supreme Court, on writ ot' error or appeal,
according to the nature of the case, and subject to
the provisions of law applicable to other writs of
error or appeals in regard to bail and supersedeas.
Sec. 2. Ihat no judgment, decree, or order of a
circuit or district court of the United States, in any
civil action at law or m equity, rendered alter this
aot shall take effect, shall be reviewed by the Su-
preme Court of the United States on writ of error
or appeal, unless the writ of orror be sued out, or
the appeal betaken, within two years after the entry
of such judgment, decree, or order; and no judg-
ment, decree, or order of tho district court, rendered
after thisactshall take effect, shall be reviewed bya
circuit court of the United States upon like process
or appeal, unless tho process be sued out, or the
appeal be taken, within one year after the entry of
the judgment, decree.or order soughtto be reviewed:
Provided, That where a party entitled to prosecutc
a writ of error or to take an appeal is an infant, or
non compos mentis, or imprisoned, such writ of error
may be prosecuted, or such appeal may be taken,
within the periods above designated after the entry
of the judgment, decree, or order, exclusive of the
term of such disability. The appellate court may
affirm, modify, or reverse the judgment, decree, or
order brought before it for review, or may direct
such judgment, decree, or order to be rendered, or
such further proceedings to be had by the inferior
court as the justice of the case may require.
Sue. 3. That the Supreme Court may at any time, in
its discretion, and upon such terms as it may deem
just, and where the defect has not injured and the
amendment will not prejudice the defendant in error,
allow an amendment of it writ of error, when there
is a. mistake in the teste of the writ, or a seal to the
writ is wanting, or when the writ is made returnable
on a day other than the day of the commencement
of the term next ensuing the issue of the writ, or
when tho statement of the title of the action or par-
ties thereto in the writ is defective, if the defect can
Ira remedied by reference to the accompanying record,
and in all other particulars of form where the defect
has not prejudiced, and the amendment will not
injure, the defendant in error; and the circuit and
district courts of the United States shall possess tho
like power of amendment of all process returnable
to or before them.
Sec. i. That a bill of exceptions hereafterallowed
in any cause shall be deemed sufficiently authenti-
cated if signed by the judge of the court in which
the cause wa&tried, or by the presiding judge thereof,
if more than one judge sat on the trial of the cause,
without any seal of court or judge being annexed
thereto; and all process issued from the courts of
the United States shall bear teste from the day of
such issue.
Sec. 5. That the practice, pleadings, and forms
and modes of proceeding in other than equity and
admiralty causes in the circuit and district courts
of the United States shall conform, as near as may
be, to the practice, pleadings, and forms and modes
of proceeding existing at the time in like causes in
the courts of record of the State within1 which such
circuit or district courts are held, any rule of court
to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, however,
That nothing herein contained shall alter tho rules
of evidence under the laws of the United States
and as practiced in the courts thereof.
Sec. 6. That in common-law causes in the circuit
and district courts of the United States the plaintiff
shall be entitled to similar remedies, by attachment
or other process against the property of the defend-
ant, which are now provided for by the law,-, of the
State in which such court is held, applicable to the
courts of such State ; and such circuit or district
courts may, from time to time, by general rules,
adopt such State laws as may be in force in theState
in relation to attachments and other process; and
the party recovering judgment in such cause shall
be entitled to similar remedies upon the same, by
execution or otherwise, to reach the property of the
judgment debtor, as are now provided by the laws
of tbe State within which said circuit or district
courts shall be held in like causes, or which shall be
adopted by rules as aforesaid: Provided, That sim-
ilar preliminary affidavits or proofs, and similar
security as required by such laws, shall be first fur-
nished by the party seeking such attachment or
other remedy.
Sec. 7. That whenever notice is given of a motion
for an injunction out of a circuit or district court of
the United States, the court or the judge thereof
may, if there appear to be danger of irreparable
injury from delay, grant an order restraining the act
sought to be enjoined until the decision upon the
motion. Such order may be granted with or with-
out security, in the discretion of the court or judge:
Provided, That no justice of tho Supremo Court
shall hear or allow any application for an injunc-
tion or restraining order except within the circuit to
which he is allotted, aud in causes pending in the
circuit to which he is allotted, or in such causes at
such place outside of the circuit as the parties may
m writing stipulate, except in causes where such
application cannot be heard by the circuit judge of
the circuit, or the district judge of the district.
Sec. 8. That no indictment found and presented
by a grand jury in any district or circuit or other
court of the United States shall be doomed insuffi-
cient, nor shall the trial, judgment, or other pro-
ceeding thereon be affected by reason of any defect
or imperfection in matter of form only, which shall
not tend to the prejudice of the defendant.
Sec. 9. That in all criminal causes the defendant
may be found guilty, of any offense the commission
of which is necessarily included in that with which
he is charged in the indictment, or may be found
guilty of an attempt to commit the offense so charged:
Provided, That such an attempt be itself a separate
offense.
Sec. 10. That on an indictment against several, if
the jury cannot agree upon a verdict as to all, they
may render a verdict as to those in regard to whom
they do agree, on which a judgment shall be entered
accordingly; and tho cause as to the other defend-
ants may be tried by another jury.
Sec. 11. That any party or person desiring to have
any judgment, decree, or order of any district or
circuit court reviewed on writ of error or appeal,
and to stay proceedings thereon during the pend-
ency of such writ ol error or appeal, may give the
security required by law therefor within sixty days
after the rendition of such judgment, decree, or
order, or afterward with the permission of a justice
or judge of the said appellate court.
Sec. 12. That in all criminal or penal causes in
which judgment or sentence has been or shall be
rendered, imposing the payment of a fine or penalty,
whether alone or with any other kind of punish-
ment, the said judgment, so far as the fine or pen-
alty is concerned, may be enforced by execution
against the property of the defendant in like man-
ner as judgments in civil eases are enforced; Pro-
vided, That where the judgment directs that the
defendant shall be imprisoned until the fine or pen-
alty imposed is paid, the issue of execution on the
judgment shall notoperate to discharge the defend-
ant from imprisonment until the amount of the
judgment is collected or otherwise paid.
Sec. 13. That when in any suit in equity, com-
menced in any court of the United States, to enforce
any legal or equitable lien or claim against real or
personal property within the districtwhere such suit
is brought, one or more of the defendants therein
shall not be an inhabitant of or found within the
said district, or shall not voluntarily appear thereto,
it'shall be lawful for the court to make an order
directing such absent defendant to appear, plead,
answer, or demur to the complainant's bill at a cer-
tain day therein to be designated, which order shall
be served on such absent defendant, if practicable,
wherever found, or where such personal service is
not practicable, such order shall be published in
such manner as the court shall direct; and in case
such absent defendant shall not appear, plead,
answer, or demur within the time so limited, or
within some further time, to be allowed by the court
in its discretion, and upon proof of the service or
publication of said order, and of the performance of
the directions contained in the same, it shall be law-
ful for the court to entertain jurisdiction, and pro-
ceed to the hearing and adjudication of such suit in
the same manner as if such absent defendent had
been served with process within the said district,
hutsaid adjudication shall, as regards such absent
defendent without appeai&nce, affect his property
within such district only.
Sec. 14. That when a poor convict, sentenced by
any court of the United States to be'imprisoned and
pay a fine, or fipe and cost, or to pay a fine, or fine
and cost, has been confined in prison thirty days
solely for the non-payment of such fine, or fine and
cost, such convict may make application in writing
to any commissioner of the United States court in the
district whore he is imprisoned, setting forth his
inability to pay such fine, or fine and cost, and after
notice to the district attorney of the United States
who may appear, offer evidence, and be heard, the
commissioner shall proceed to hear and determine the
matter; andif on examination itshall appearto him
that such convict is unable to pay such fine, or fine
and cost, and that he has not any property exceeding
twenty dollars in value, except such as is by law ex-
empt from being taken on execution for debt,
the commissioner shall administer to him the fol-
lowing oath: " I do solemnly swear that I have not
any property, real or personal, to the amount of
twenty dollars, except such as is by law exempt
from being taken on civil precept for debt by the
laws of, (state where oath is administered;) and that
I have no property in any way conveyed or con-
cealed or in any way disposed of for my future use
and benefit. So help me God." And thereupon such
convict shall be discharged, the commissioner giving
to the jailer or keeper of the jail a certificate setting
f^rth the facts. '
, Sec. 15. That if at any time after such discharge
of such convict it shall be made to appear that in
taking tho aforesaid oath he swore falsely, he may
be indicted, convicted, and punished for perjury,
and be liable to the penalties prescribed in section
thirteen of an act entitled "An act more effectually
to provide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and for other purposes/'
approved March 3,1825.
Sec. 16. /That the lees of the commissioner for tbe
examination and certificate provided for in this act
shall be five dollars per day for every day that he
shall be engaged in such examination.
MATT. H. CARPENTER,
A. G. THURMAN,
ROSCOE CONKLJNG,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
BEN J. F. BUTLER,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
Managers on the part of the House,
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a pretty long
bill. The amendment made by the House was
to strike out the bill passed by the Senate and
insert a substitute, which substitute was in
the main the Senate bill. The report of the
committee recommends that the Senate recede
from its disagreement and concur in the
amendment with an amendment, which will
make the bill read as it stands in the report.
The changes in it are mostly of phraseology.
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN. Will not that
report be printed?
Mr. CARPENTER. We had better pass
it now.
Mr._ FRELINGHUYSEN. I would rather
have it acted on to-morrow. I should like to
have it lie over until to-morrow that I may
look at it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The Senator from New Jersey
moves that the report be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from New
Jersey demands that, I never heard that re-
fused. I hope it will be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Sena-
tor from New Jersey did demand it.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the report.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may be allowed to
make a suggestion, I am sure the Senator
from Wisconsin does not intend to resist the
request of the Senator from New Jersey to
let the report lie that he can examine it.
_Mr. CARPENTER. Ceriainly not. Let
him examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the report be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MIAMI INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 183)
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to make
partition of the reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sria,
a Miami Indian, after full and free conference have
