1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: The petition of 70
citizens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the
Union Army, praying the allowance of $8 <53J
per month for the -whole term_ of service,
deducting all Government bounties paid, and
requesting that the twenty-fifth section of the
act of June 15, 1870, be so amended as to
allow soldiers and sailors bounty land without
the requirements of settlement and cultivation.
Also, the petition of 132 citizens of the State
of Pennsylvania, natives of Ireland, in favor
of a tariff for the protection of American
industries.
Also, the petition of publishers of newspa-
pers in Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, praying
that section one hundred and sixty-two of the
codified postal laws be so amended as to per-
mit the transportation of newspapers printed
on one side, at the same rate as now charged
on weekly newspapers and packages to news-
dealers.
Also the petition of David Baird, Andrew
Lee, and 272 others, workers in various indus-
tries, citizens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania,
praying the repeal of the duties on tea, coffee,
and such other articles as cannot be produced
in the United States, and remonstrating against
any change in the duties on articles which can
be successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia : The petitions
of Charles R. Moore, of Terrell county, and of
James C. Bower, of Wilkinson county, Geor-
gia, asking the removal of their political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of 100 soldiers, for the equalization of
bounties, and also for such an amendment of
the twenty-second section of the act of July
15, 1870, as to allow soldiers or sailors to
enter the amount of land therein allowed, or
such amount as may be thought proper, with-
out the requirements of settlement and cul-
tivation.
Also, the remonstrance of 1,000 workers in
coal and iron in Huntingdon, Blair, Clearfield,
and Centre counties, Pennsylvania, against the
reduction of duties on coal and iron, and pray-
ing the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of S. H.
Thompson & Co. and 6 others, wholesale gro-
cery firms, of Peoria, Illinois, praying that a
specific and uniform rate of duty be estab-
lished upon imported sugar.
Also, resolutions by the faculty of Knox
college, Illinois, recommending that the Chi-
nese indemnity fund be set apart for the pur-
pose of founding and supporting a" college and
scientific school in China for the education of
American and Chinese interpreters, and for
the diffusion among the Chinese of a knowl-
edge of science and of our mechanical inven-
tions and industrial processes.
Also, the petitions ol C. H. Whiting & Co.,
publishers of the Bureau County Herald; of J.
C. Cook, publisher of the Putnam Record; of
Edwin Butler, publisher of the Stark County
News, and of C.Bassett, publisher of the Ke-
wanee Independent, praying that the postal
laws be so amended that publishers and dealers
in newspapers and periodicals may receive by
mail such quantities of either as they may re-
quire, in bulk, and pay the postage as received,
at the same rates pro rata as regular sub-
scribers to publications weighing four ounces,
who pay quarterly in advance.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The memorial and
petition of Captain H. H. Hinds, late of the
fifty-seventh Pennsylvania volunteers, relating
to his muster in the Army.
By Mr. STRONG : The memorial of A. E.
Burr and 2-5 others, citizens of Connecticut,
bona fide claimants and heirs of claimants for
French spoliations, praying the" passage of a
bill of relief.
By Mr. VAUGIIAN: The petition ofH. B.
Folk, praying remuneration for the destruc-
tion of property during the war of the rebel-
lion.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of
Jacob Wolfe, W. B. Dittemore, and others,
citizens of Owen county, Indiana, praying
that the guarantees of religious liberty now
contained in the Constitution of the United
States may be preserved inviolate.
' By Mr. WADDELL: The petition of Wil-
liam W. Hubbell, for an appropriation to
make and test his patented steel and bronze
great gun to crush iron-clad vessels of war.
By Mr. WAKEMAN: The petition of
Esther P. Fox, for ,an amendment of the act
of February 14, 1871, granting pensions to
soldiers of the war of 1812, and their widows.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of J. K.
Crabb, J. O. Wallace, and others, boot and
shoe makers of Detroit, Michigan, in favor of
a protective tariff.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: Papers relative
to the petition of Ellis Lewis Brown for a pen-
IN SENATE.
Tdesdat, February 27, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE MLLS REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 1021) for the relief of
Thomas B. Valentine was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate elec-
tions in Washington and Idaho Territories
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
The bill (H. R. No. 1323) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ser-
vice of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1666) to establish cer-
tain post roads was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 1670) for the relief of
Isaac B. Kinkead was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I present the
petition of the president and secretary of the
Academy of Arts of the State of Connecticut,
and the president and faculty ofYale College,
setting forth that they are a special committee
of the Academy of Arts and Sciences duly
appointed at its last meeting to memorialize
Congress with reference to the transit of Venus,
which will occur in December, 1874. They
respectfully call the attention of Congress to
the following considerations:
First, that the phenomenon in question is
one not only of great rarity, but of the highest
practical moment to the interests of astronomy
and navigation.
Second, that the principal European Gov-
ernments, particularly those of Great Britain,
Germany, and Russia, have already appropri-
ated large sums and instituted elaborate prep-
arations for observing the coming transit at
various points on the globe.
Third, that the transit of 1769, the last that
hasoccurred, was the occasion ofsimilar efforts
with only partial success on account of the
inefficiency of the instruments.
That in order to enable American astrono-
mers to take such part in these observations as
shall do credit to their high reputation and
comport with our national position, the memo-
rialists, not unmindful alsoof the benefit likely
to accrue to science, commerce, and the arls,
respectfully request Congress to grant such
appropriations to this object as the commis-
sion appointed at the last session of Congress
in reference thereto shall find to be needed.
That commission, appointed at the last ses-
sion of Congress, is composed of the Super-
intendent and two professors of the United
States Naval Observatory, the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, and the secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution.
I hardly know to what committee this
memorial should be referred, but perhaps the
Committee on Education and Labor would be
as well as any, and I call the attention of the
chairman of that committee to the memorial,
and request that such an appropriation be
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. CONKLING. I have several memorials
which I am going to withhold until to-morrow
or some other morning, as I wish to ask the
Senate at the end of the morning business to-
day to take up the resolution that I offered
yesterday and vote upon it.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Isaac Hogarth and a large number of others,
of South Carolina, freedmen, praying the reten-
tion of the duty on rice ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of R. G.
Holmes and a large number of others, citi-
zens of South Carolina, in favor of the pas-
sage of a law refunding to the people of the
cotton-growing States the amount of tax col-
lected on cotton during the years 1865, 1866,
and 1867 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
E. W. B. Bayzer, publisher of the Elmore
Republican, Elmore county. Alabama, pray-
ing an amendment to section one hundred and
sixty-two of the bill for the revision and con-
solidation of the statutes relating to the Po3t
Office Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of Joseph
A. Moore, of Alabama, praying compensation
for a building taken and used by the United
States Army, in Nashville, Tennessee, during
the late war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition and
papers of Joseph Burnham, praying an increase
of pension ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented seven petitions
of citizens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers in
the United States Army, asking Congress to
pass an act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and
marines, and to the heirs of those who ara
deceased, $8 33J- per month, for the entire
time served, deducting therefrom all Govern-
ment bounties heretofore received by them;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affaira.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, engaged in the
making of books, as printers, type-fouhders,
binders, gold-beaters, and paper-makers, re-
monstrating against the passage of an inter-
national copyright law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented the petition of H. E.
Shafer, publisher of the Fulton Republican,
of Fulton county, Pennsylvania, asking that
section one hundred and sixty-two of the
revise! codification of the postal laws be
amended; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
iron, citizens of West Hempfield and Donegal
townships, Lancaster county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against a change of the existing
tariff laws abating or abolishing duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Norristown iron-works, citizens of Norris-
town, Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against a change of the existing
tariff laws abating or bolishing duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
