2?6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 2
22
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Pool.
42D Coso 2D Skss.
be pasaed if it received a majority of all the
votes cast on the question, and then only
two votes were cast and they for it, the bill
would be passed. Now the act of Congress
is the constitution to that body acting in the
election of a Senator, and it says that the man
who shall receive the highest number of votes
cast is elected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was not the ques-
tion we were asking the Senator from North
Carolina. If the Senator from Wisconsin
would like to answer, I should certainly be
happy to have him answer the question. I
asked the Senator from North Carolina whether
in the case he has just stated the law under
the constitution of North Carolina would be a
valid law.
Mr. CARPENTER. I beg pardon, I did not
understand the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was only asked for the
purpose of illustrating the argument to see how
far it would go.
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not understand it.
Mr. POMEROY. My point was that the
action of the Legislature by the two branches
separately is a legislative act, and if that be a
legislative act, could these men who voted for
Abbott have performed any other legislative
act?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a question
difficult to answer, because it assumes t.he very
point that it is a legislative act. There is no
other legislative act that can be performed by
a joint convention of the two Houses.
Mr. POMEROY. This is not a case of joint
convention. Abbott was not elected in joint
convention. If elected at all, he was elected
by the two branches acting separately, just as
they pass a bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me, if my
friend will pardon me, that, after all, I did
answer the very question put. If the North
Carolina constitution provided that to transact
business in the Legislature it was only necessary
that a majority ot those elected to both houses
should be actually present, and that the bill
should be passed if it received a majority of
all the votes cast, then it would be passed by
two votes, nobody voting against it. Now,
the constitution of North Carolina is silent on
the subject of electing a Senator on that day,
but the act of Congress is its constitution upon
that subject, and it says that the man who re-
ceives the majority of votes cast, a majority of
all the members elect being actually present
in both houses, referring back to the constitu-
tion of North Carolina, is elected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am afraid I interrupt
the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. POOL. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose the constitu-
tion of North Carolina had stated in terms
that to pass any law or to elect a Senator of
the United States a majority of the votes of
the Legislature should be given to the party
who should be elected?
Mr. CARPENTER. Then, of course, he
must have a majority to be elected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend will con-
cede that the constitution of North Carolina
may in respect to the legislative action on the
first day be the guide; and I understood him
to maintain that m his pievious argument.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not at all. Itisonly
the guide upon one question, as to what is a
quorum to make the competent body ; but the
act of Congress says even on that day that the
man who shall receive the majority of votes
cast sbail be elected.
Mr. EDJ1UNDS. Yes; but suppose the
constitution of North Carolina says a quorum
shall be a majority of the whole number
elected, and then proceeds to add that in order
to pass a law or to elect a Seuator of the Dni-
ted States a majority shall vote for the law or
for the Senator, is that a constitutional con-
stitution, if I may ask such aquestion? Have
the people of North Carolina a right to regu-
late the election of Senator so far as to say
that no man shall be a Senator who does not
get a majority of the votes of the Legislature?
Mr. CARPENTER. Undoubtedly, in the
absence of an act of Congress. It would not
in this case, because there is an act of Cou-
gress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But suppose the State
constitution on that, point is one way and the
act of Congress is the other, which is the con-
trolling guide?
Mr. CARPENTER. The act of Congress,
beyond all question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if my friend can
make that out it might make a difference.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me there
is no question about it. The Constitution of
the United States says the Legislature of the
State shall regulate the time, place, and man-
ner of choosing Senators, subject to the regu-
lation of the same matters, except as to place,
by Congress. When Congress takes the sub-
ject up and does regulate it, it silences the
State constitution on the same subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state the difficulty
I have, and I shall be glad to have it relieved,
for I think the Legislature of North Carolina
intended to pronounce an insult, upon the peo-
ple of the United States who did not agree
with them in politics by electing the particular
person the majority voted for, and if there is
any ground on which lean see my way clear
according to law to prevent that insult, I shall
be glad to do it; but I confess I do not see it.
I confess that I understand that the Constitution
of the United States, which declares that Sen-
ators shall be chosen by the Legislatures of the
Slates, means that the Legislature of the
State must be composed and have its func-
tion to act at all about the subject regulated by
the constitution of the State. And when you
have got thus far, the State providing what
shall be the Legislature and how much of it
may act upon that question, how much of it
shall have jurisdiction to act upon that ques-
tion, then the method of exercising that juris-
diction Congress may regulate unquestion-
ably.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now I have the sec-
tion before me:
_ "The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall bo
prescribed m each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter aueh regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
Under this provision in the first instance the
whole method of electing Senators may be
regulated by the Legislature itself. In the
absence of any law, of course the two houses
would have to act separately, because that is
the normal condition of legislative action ; but
they may pass a law that on the proper day for
electing a Senator the two houses shall go into
joint assembly and elect in that way. That is
a good regulation of the subject by the State,
and then the body created by that law is the
body to elect a Senator. Now, they have gone
on and regulated it in part by their constitu-
tion, which is that no public business shall be
proceeded with in either house except there
be actually present a majority of all the per-
sons elected to that house.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a legislative
regulation ; it is a constitutional regulation.
Now, our Constitution only speaks of what the
Legislature may do.
Mr. CARPENTER. How may they do it ?
They may do it in the manner they have regu-
lated themselves either in joint convention or
separate house. They have not touched that
question in the State either by the constitu-
tion or law of the State, but they have determ-
ined what shall be a quorum of either house.
Now, in virtue of the power which Congress
possesses to regulate this subject, even to the
extent of overriding the constitution of the
State, we have said by law that the two houses
shall act on the first occasion to elect; we do
not say what shall be a quorum ; we leave that
to be regulated by the constitution of the State,
and in North Carolina it is necessary that a
majority should be actually present to consti-
tute a quorum ; but if you have a majority of
those elected actually present you have a com-
petent legislative body. Now, the act of Con-
gress says they shall vote viva voce, and that
the man who shall receive-the majority of
votes cast shall be declared elecied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the point I
am on now, as to what is considered to be a
casting of the vote, but it is on the competency
of the body less than a quorum.
Mr. CARPENTER. I must confess the
point is so fine that I cannot see it if 1 have
not answered it.
Mr. POOL. Perhaps I may give some light
to the Senator from Vermont. The constitu-
tion of North Carolina requires that a majority
of each house shall be actually present, and
there stops. There is no further law as to
what shall constitute a quorum, or how many
votes or what proportion of votes shall pass
a bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The constitution speaks
negatively. Does it not declare that no busi-
ness shall be transacted unless a majority of
the members elected are actually present?
Mr. POOL. Yes; there being a majority
of the members actually present on the day
fixed for the election of a Senator, they must
go into the election. Even if you consider
that a legislative act, an election must be gone
into, it being apparent that a majority are
actually present. When the vote is t.-iken less
than a majority vote, but they all vote for the
same man, and he therefore has a majority of
the whole vote cast, as is required by the act
of Congress, must not his name go upon the
journal and be reported to the jcint assembly
the next day ? The act of Congress comes in
and says what shall be done, namely, that the
Legislature being assembled, a majority actu-
ally present, they must go into the election ;
the names of members must be called, and they
must name some one for United States Sena-
tor. Less than a majority respond ; but one
man gets a majority of votes cast, if you call
them votes ; one man is named a majority of
times. Must not his name go upon the jour-
nal of that house, in order to satisfy the act
of Congress ? And when the joint assembly
meets the next day, what is the business be-
fore the body ? Firot to read the journal of
each House and see if any one man has re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast-, not to in-
quire whether there was a quorum present or
not. Suppose it is disclosed that the same
person has received a majority of the votes
east in each house, what is the business of
the joint assembly ? To declare him elected a
Senator of the United States I do not see
how the question of quorum can be raised by
the joint, assembly under such circumstances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Senator
from North Carolina, so that, I shall under-
stand him, whether he means to maintain that
if the constitution of Noith Carolina had used
in respect to a quorum the language used in
most constitutions, as in that of the United
States, that a quorum of each house of the
Legislature shall consist of a majority of the
members elected, and then suppose in the
case my friend has just stated that on the day
provided by the law of Congress, each house
being iu session, they should have proceeded
to vote, and in each house the names of the
members being called only eleven in one house
and thirty in the other house, less than a
majority in each house, voted at all for Sen-
ator, does the honorable Senator maintain
