1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
Condition of the late Insurrectionary States,
to which mv attention has been called.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania desires to make a personal state-
ment in regard to the proceedings of yesterday.
Tiie Chair bears no objection.
Mr. SCOTT. This sentence occurs in that
report:
" Other evidence of the same character was offered,
and one of the gentlemen affected by this testimony
clairacd the right to bring witnesses before the com-
mittee to contradict or explain the same."
My attention has been called by the Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. Claytox] to the fact that
there is perhaps an ambiguity in this sentence.
If there be, I desire to correct it by stating
that the person referred to as having claimed
this right before the committee was the Sen-
ator from Arkansas who sits farthest from me,
[Mr. Clayton.] and that upan several occa-
sions, on which he conferred with me as chair-
man of the committee on the subject, he not
only desired to be heard before that commit-
tee, but expressed the wish that if he could
not be it should be put in such form as that
he would be entitled to an investigation before
some tribunal.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion signed by one hundred and ninety-seven
citizens of the State ofTennessee, praying for
the passage of the bill known as •' Sumner's
supplementary civil rights bill;" which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition,
signed by many benevolent women represent-
ing the Ladies' Union Relief Association of
the city of New York. They set forth that
according to the laws of the United States,
the remains of soldiers dying in the service
can have burial in national cemeteries, and
none others; that there is noplace provided
by the nation for the interment of honorably
discharged Union soldiers, who served and
suffered m the late war for the Union, and
that many of those honorably discharged sol-
diers die so poor that common charity con-
signs them to a pauper's grave. They set
forth the unfitness of a dead hero lying in a
pauper's grave, and they ask Congress to so
legislate that all honorably discharged soldiers
who served in the late rebellion shall receive
interment, where a need exists, at the public
cost. I move that this petition be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING I present also a peti-
tion signed by many citizens of the State of
New York, praying that bounty and also land
be given to classes of soldiers and seamen,
particularly soldiers, equally meritorious with
those who have received bounty, but for whom
no provision has been made. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present the peti-
tion of Charles Hubbs, a citizen of the State
of New York, asking such an amendment in
the postal laws as will enable printed matter
to be delivered in some cases free of postage.
T move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a peti-
tion signed by many citizens of Georgia, who
once were slaves, but now are free, as well by
the Constitution of the United States as by
the constitution of their own State. They call
attention to the fact that they are constitu-
tionally free, and that by the constitution of
the State of which they are citizens they are
entitled to this immunity: " No poll-tax shall
be levied except, for educational purposes;
and such tax shall not exceed one dollar
annually on each poll." They set forth that
colored children have no common school in
the State, and that the General Assembly can-
not make one "except at its first session after
the adoption of this constitution." They set
forth that t.hey are required to pay a poll-tax
for 1868, 1869, 1870, and 1871, whereas the
State constitution says, " shall have paid all
taxes for the year next preceding the elec-
tion," and that they are required to pay this
cumulative poll-tax as the only condition upon
which they are permitted to vote. They sub-
mit that this is in violation of the rights as
conferred upon them by the Constitution of
the United States, as well as of the rights to
which they are entitled under their own State
constitution, and theyask Congressto so legis-
late as to establish them in the rights which
belong to them. I think the appropriate ref-
erence of this petition is to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, and I move that it
be so referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of
merchants of Boston, asking for the repeal of
the duty on salt, and replying especially to a
memorial presented some time ago by the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Fenton] from the
Salt Company of Onondaga, the Ohio River
Salt Company, and the Saginaw and Bay Salt
Company. 1 move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present resolutions
passed at a meeting of the executive committee
of the Woman's Suffrage Association of Penn-
sylvania, which, being in the nature of a peti-
tion to Congress and duly signed by the presi-
dent and secretary, I suppose come under our
rule. They conclude, " that we do most earn-
estly solicit the Congress of the United States
at its present session, in conformity with the
express provisions of the last clause of the
fifteenth amendment, to take such measures,
to enact such laws as shall immediately secure
to women, citizens of the United States, within
the respective States, full and complete enjoy-
ment of the said right to vote as the said right
is now secured to all other citizens." I move
the reference of these resolutions to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of col-
ored citizens of Ohio, setting forth the incon-
venience and proscription to which they are
subjected, and praying for the passage of the
supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Port Royal, Caroline county, Virginia, pray-
ing for the passage of the supplementary civil
rights bill; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Hamilton, New York, praying for the passage
of the supplementary civil rights bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Brooklyn, New York, praying for the passage
of the supplementary civil rights bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of members of
the Wilberforce University, at Xenia, Ohio,
praying for the passage of the supplementary
civil rights bill; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the memo-
rial of the officers and members of the Repub-
lican general committee of the District of
Columbia, signed by the president and secre-
tary, and by twenty-one members represent-
ing the different districts, urging upon the
Senate the importance and necessity of the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill,
and praying that the wishes and needs of four
million citizens of the United States may be
regarded, and the principles of republican
Government strengthened and perpetuated by
this act of national justice and honor. I move
that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying the passage of an
act granting to soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served in the late war prior to September
23, 1863, or to their heirs, a bounty of $100
and one hundred and sixty acres of land, and
equalizing the payment of bounties; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Kellersburg, Armstrong county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying the passage of an act granting
to soldiers, sailors, and marines who served in
the late war prior to September 23, 1863, or
to their heirs, a bounty ot $100 and one hun-
dred and sixty acrc3 of land, and causing
equalization in the payment of bounties; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present the memorial
of Joseph S. Finch & Co., of the city of Pitts-
burg, State of Pennsylvania, praying to be
relieved from sundry taxes assessed upon
whisky which was destroyed by the falling of
a warehouse in that city. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. In connection with that peti-
tion I ask that a similar petition presented on
the 21st of March last be withdrawn from the
files, this covering the whole ground of the;r
claim, and that being partial and defective.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made. It is made.
Mr. WEST presented a petition of citizens
of Louisiana, praying the reestablishment of
the United States court for the northern dis-
trict of Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, presented a
memorial of the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
relative to its petition for a mandamvs from
the Supreme Court of the United States com-
pelling the Secretary of the Treasury to deliver
a warrant upon the Treasurer of the United
States for moneys due the State of Kentucky;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
petition of Rev. J. D. Beeman. and fifty others,
of Milton, Chittenden county,Vermont, who ask
that bounty be paid to those soldiers who were
disabled early in the war, and were thetefore
not able to serve long enough to receive any
bounty whatever; and they also ask that one
hundred and sixty acres of land be given to
them so that they can dispose of it, they not
being in a condition, being disabled, to avail
themselves of the ordinary homestead land
law ; and they also ask that a bounty shall be
paid of $100 to all those who enlisted prior to
the 23d of September, 1863, or their widows,
heirs, or legal representatives, deducting any
bounty that they may have already received.
They also ask that a bounty of eight and one
third dollars a month shall be paid to the
soldiers who served during the war, deducting
any amount of bounty that may have been
already received. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, ofMichigan, presented thepeti-
tion of S. A. Sutherland and other citizens of
Michigan, praying the passage of an act. grant-
ing to soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
in the late war prior to September 23, 1863,
or to their heirs, a bounty of $100, and one
hundred and sixty acres of land, and equalizing
the payment of bounties ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
house bill referred.
The bill (EC. R. No. 885) to remove the
political disabilities of certain citizens of Mis-
sissippi was read twice by its title, and referred
to the select Committee 011 the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
re ports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 293) to authorize the restoration of
