1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2121
ible for and able to pay all damages the United
States shall suffer by reason of the bidder's
failing to perform his obligations as such
bidder.
Any postmaster who shall affix his signature
to the certificate of sufficiency of guarantors
before the guaranty is signed by the guaran-
tors is to be* deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, on conviction thereof, be punished by a
fine not exceeding $1,000, or by imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, and be forth-
with dismissed from office.
No bidder for carrying the mails is to be
released from his obligation under his bid or
proposal, notwithstanding an award made to
a lower bidder, until a contract for the desig-
nated service shall have been duly signed by
such lower bidder and accepted, and the ser-
vice emered upon by the contractor to the
satisfaction of the Postmaster General.
The Postmaster General is to have power to
reject bids for mail service which shall appear
to him, upon due investigation, to be exor-
bitant, fraudulent, or fictitious; but in all such
cases he shall report his action and the rea-
sons therefor to Congress at its next session
thereafter.
After any regular bidder or contractor for
the transportation of the mail upon any route
shall have failed to enter into contract and
commence its performance the Postmaster
General is to proceed to contract with the
next lowest bidder for such service who will
enter into a contract and perform it, unless the
Postmaster General can contract upon better
terms for the Government with some other
responsible party, in which case he is author-
ized so to do.
The seventh section repeals the provision of
the fourth section of the act of March 3, 1871,
requiring certified checks or drafts to accom-
pany bids.
In case of tlie sickness or unavoidable ab-
sence from his office of the postmaster of any
money order post office, he may, with the ap-
proval of the Postmaster General, authorize
the chief cleik or some other clerk employed
therein to act in his place, and to discharge
all the duties required by law of such post-
master ; but the official bond given by the
principal of the office is to be held to cover
and apply to the acts of the person appointed
to act in his place in such cases, and such
acting officer is, for the time being, to be sub-
ject to all the liabilities and penalties pre-
scribed by law for the official misconduct in
like cases of the postmaster for whom he
shall act.
The Postmaster General, whenever he may
deem it consistent with the public interest,
may accept new surety upon any contract ex-
isting, or hereafter made, for cariying the
mails, in substitution for and release of any
existing surety.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads report the bill with two amendments.
The amendments were in section six, line
three, to strike out the word "and" and insert
the word "or;" and in line six, after the word
"uuless," to insert the words "such bid being
exorbitant."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, these amendments will be regarded
ao agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope tliey will be re-
jected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose to offer several
amendments to perfect the bill which will take
the place of these amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, if there
be no objection, these amendments will be
reiected, and they are rejected.
^Mr. EDMUNDS. With the assent of my
f, iend from Minnesota, I move to amend the
bill in section one, line six, by striking out
the word " wiiltully" and inserting the word
"wrongfully."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In section two, line three,
I move to strike out the words "a person," at
the beginning of the line, and to insert the
words "airofficer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In section three, line
one, I move to amend by inserting after the
word " postmaster" the words "or other
officer," so as to impose this penalty upon any
certifying officer of the United States, requir-
ing fidelity from him, instead of merely having
it apply to the postmaster.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
does not object to these amendments, and they
will be regarded as agreed to unless a division
is demanded. This amendment is agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the second line of the
same section, after the word " guarantors," I
move to insert the words '• or sureties," which
is merely a verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the third line of the
same section, after the word "guarantee," I
move to insert the words " or contract."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After the word " guar-
antors," in the third line of the same section,
I move to insert the words—which may pos-
sibly have more than a mere verbal applica-
tion—"or shall knowingly make any false or
illusory certificate, shall be forthwith dismissed
from office, and;" so that the section will
read:
That any postmaster or other oflicerwliosliall affix
his signature to the certificate of sufficiency of guar-
antors or suroties before the gtiam ittoe or contract, is
signed by the guarantors, or shall knowingly make
any false or illusory certificjte. shall be forthwith
dismissed from olliee, and shall he deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, A;c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After the word " guar-
antors,'1 in the third line, if I have not already
suggested it, the words "or sureties " should
be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then in the sixth and
seventh lines of the same section the words
" and shall be forthwith dismissed from office"
should be stricken out, as they are transposed
to a more appropriate place in the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the fourth section,
fourth line, I move to amend by striking out
the word "signed," as applied to the con-
tract office, and inserting the word "exe-
cuted," which has a broader definition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the fifth line of the
same section, after the word "bidder," f
move to insert the words "and his sureties,"
which is also merely verbal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to strike out
the fifth section altogether, to which there was
considerable opposition, which provides that
the Postmaster General shall have power to
reject any bids for mail service which appear
to him on investigation to be exorbitant,
fraudulent, or fictitious; which seems to leave,
him a discretion that the lav/has never designed
to repose in him.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if he would not have that power anyhow V If
he supposed the bids to be fraudulent, he cer-
tainly would not be justified in acting upon
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If he supposed them to
be fraudulent, that would be a doubtful ques-
tion. If they were in fact fraudulent or
forged 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they should "appear
to him to be fraudulentand that is the lan-
guage of the act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He does exercise the
power now, but under pretty strong limitations,
as he ought to, where he finds a bid is clearly
and plainly a fictitious one, made by no per-
son, merely put in in order to produce diffi-
culty. He treats that as an entire nullity now;
but if you provide by express provision of law
to make him the final judge upon all these
questions, then when you have a Postmaster
General, or any of his assistants who are con-
nected with the contract office, who are not as
attentive to their duties as the present Admin-
istration, there will be constant suspicion and
complaint that under cover of bids not being
exactly what they ought to be, they will be
rejected as fraudulent and contracts given to
other persons; whereas when we make an-
other amendment to the seventh section of
the bill, which will take the place of this sec-
tion in reality, we provide means by which
every bid is subjected to an actual test almost
as soon as made, and when made is subjected
to the test of a deposit in a better form than
the law now provides of guaranty for reality.
So I think it altogether better that the fifth
section should go out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to the
striking out of the fifth section, but 1 wish to
make one remark. It seems to me it would be
clearly the duty of any officer connected with
the making of a coutract or the settlement of
a claim, when it appeared to him to be a
fraudulent contract or a fraudulent claim, to
withhold the execution of it, and bring it, if
necessary, to the notice of Congress. I think
it would be the duty of an officer to take that
responsibility, and not allow what appeared to
him to be a fraudulent contract or claim to be
consummated while he had that evidence before
him ; and I think he would do that at any rate
without this section. Therefore I have no
objection to its going out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section is
stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
sixth section of the bill by striking out in lines
seven, eight, and nine, after the words " Post-
master General," the words "can contract
upon better terms for the Government with
some other responsible part}', in which case
he is hereby authorized so to do," and to insert
"shall consider such bid too high, in which
case he shall reudvertise such service." So
that instead of reading as it does now, that lie
may contract upon better terms with any
responsible party without an advertisement,
it enables him, if a bid is exorbitant, in other
words, if it is going to tax the public too heav-
ily, to reject that bid, it being the one next
above the lowest under this section, and to
advertise the service again. I presume there
is no objection to that on the part of anybody.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I move to strika
out the seventh section of the bill, in the fol-
lowing words:
That the provision of the fourth section of the act
of Ai.u'ck 't. 1871, requiring certified checks or drafts
to accompany bids, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof what I send to
the desk and ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute, as fol-
lows :
That hereafter all bidders upon every mail route
for the transportation of the mails upon tne same,
whore the n.imuat compensation for the^ service on
such route at the time exceeds the sum of iio.OOO, shall
accompany their bids with a certified check or diaft,
payable 1.0 the order of the Postmaster (general, upon
some solvent national bank, which cheek or urait
shall not be less than five per cent,ou .the amount
of the annual pay on said route at the time such bid
is made, nor less than ten per cent. of. the amount
of one year's pay proposed m such bid u the bid
be for new service. In ease any bidder, on being
awarded any such contract, shall fail to enter into
the same with -;ood and sufficient securities accord-
ing lo the terms on which such bid was made and
accepted, such bidder shall forfeit file amount so
deposited to the Government, and the same aha 1
forthwith be paid into the Treasury; but when such
contract shall be duly and seasonably entered into
a" aforesaid, such draft or check so deposited shall
be returned to the bidder.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to be five
