1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
By order of the executive committee of the Amer-
ican Peace Society, at a meeting held in Boston,
January 2,1872.
ALPHBUS CROSBY,
Chairman.
JAMES B. MILES,
Corresponding Secretary.
HOWARD MALCOM,.,
President..
AMASA WALKER,
Vice President.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee oa Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED,
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That the papers of Mrs. Adelaide Arm-
strong on the files of theSenate, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
petition of Henry Conrad, asking for an allow-
ance of salary while acting as charg6 d'affaires
ad intexim at Port au Prince, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the committee was dis-
charged from its further consideration.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Weile,
praying compensation for services as consul
at Tumbez, Peru, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(8. No. 549) for the relief of Lieutenant R.
H. Pratt, reported it with amendments.
FRANCIS A. EASTMAN.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1529) for the relief of
Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago,
Illinois, have directed me to report it back
with two trifling amendments, and recommend
its passage; and if there be no objection on
the pari, of the Senate,_ I should like them-to
indulge me in considering the bill at the pres-
ent time. It is a brief bill, and without it the
accounts of this officer cannot be settled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York gave notice of his desire to call up
a resolution after the conclusion of the morn-
ing business.
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill will not take five
minutes, and if there be no objection I ask
that it be put on its passage now.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the bill will be
considered at the present time.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not object to it, but
I wish we might get through with the morning
business.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider thobill. It authorizes the proper account-
ing officers of the Post Office Department to
settle the accounts of Francis A. Eastman,
postmaster at Chicago, and to credit him with
the amount which the office had received for
postage stamps and stamped envelopes between
the 2d and 7th days of October, 1871, inclusive,
and which was destroyed by fire in the safe
of the Government in the post office on the
9th of October, 1871; and the accounting offi-
cers are also authorized to credit the post-
mastei-, upon his money-order account, with
the amount of money-orders paid by him dur-
ing the week ending October 7, 1871, and
which were destroyed by the fire in the safe
of the post office; but credits are to be made
to such amounts only as the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall be satisfied, from the proofs furnished
him, are just and proper.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line six, after
the word " with,'' to strike out the words "the
amount which said office had received for post-
age stamps and stamped envelopes between
the 2d and 7th days of October, 1871, inclu-
sive, and which was," and to insert in lieu
thereof, "so much of the amount of the postal
receipts of said office, including money received
for postage stamps and stamped envelopes sold
up to the 8th day of October, 1871, as was on
hand, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out at
the end of the bill the words " are just and
proper," and to insert in lieu thereof the words
" will cover the losses actually incurred."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably I ought to say
to the Senate that at the time of the fire, as
appears from the affidavit of the cashier of
the post office and from other evidence, there
were in the safe tw.enty three thousand and a
few hundred dollars on the 8th or 9th of Oc-
tober. When the safe was got out again, some
ten, twelve, or fifteen days after, there were
$13,000 recovered, the greater part in a con-
dition to be used, and the balance redeemed
by the Treasury Department here, and the cin-
ders of about $10,400 were found lying in the
safe. The bill proposes to give him credit for
this $10,400. That is the money item.
Then, as to the money-orders, $64,000 of
money orders had been paid, drawn by other
postmasters on the postmaster at Chicago and
put in his safe. When the safe was dug out,
among the cinders, and among other things in
a pretty good state of preservation, was found
a memorandum of the money-order clerk—
not the officer who sells the money-orders, but
the clerk who keeps the record of them—and
that is the basis of the claim for the money-
orders, and that is also corroborated by the
fact that for weeks before and weeks subsequent
that seems to be about the average amount of
money-orders sold in a week in Chicago.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
ADMISSION OS PHOTOGRAPHS, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1260) to provide for the
admission of photographs free of duty, to re-
port it with amendments; and as it is a bill
which if passed at all ought to be acted on
now, I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendments of the Committee on
Finance were after the word "all," in line
three, to insert the words "painting, statuary,
and;" in line three, to strike out the words
"at the exhibition of the National Photo-
graphic Association to be held at Cleveland,
Ohio, commencing June 7, 1872;" and in lieu
thereof to insert " by any association duly au-
thorized under the laws of the United States,
or any State, for the promotion and encourage-
ment of science, art, or industry;" and also
to strike out in the eleventh line the word
"pictures" and insert "articles;" so as to
make the bill read :
That all paintings, statuary, and photographic
pictures importedinto the "United States for exhibi-
tion by any association duly authorized under the
laws of the United States, or any State, for the promo-
tion and encouragement of science, art, or industry,
and not intended for sale, shall be admitted free of
duty, under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe: Provided. That
bonds shall be given for the payment to the United
States of such duties as are now imposed by law upon
any and all of sueh articles as shall notbe reexported
prior to the 1st day of October, 1872.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill simply admits
paintings, statuary, and photographic pictures,
when imported under the laws of States or the
United States for exhibition only, and allows
them to be admitted free of duty for six months,
which will cover cases in Pennsylvania and
other States.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered the amendments be eugrossed,
and the bill read the third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: " A
bill to provide for the admission of paintings,
statuary, and other articles, free of duty, in
certain cases."
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAULSBURY asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (8. No. 714) to provide for the erection of
a post office building at Dover, in the State
of Delaware; which was read twice by _ its
title, ordered to be printed, and, with a petition
upon the subject, referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. _
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
715) relating to the capture of the Albemarle ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
716) to incorporate the Utah Railroad, Mining,
and Land Company; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 717) to establish the western judicial dis-
trict of Florida, and to provide for the appoint-
ment of a judge to the same ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 718) to reorganize the clerical force of the
General Land Office ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 719)
to expedite tlie transaction of business in the
General Land Office and bring up thearrear-
ages of work ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a communication
from the Department of the Interior, addressed
to Congress, which I move be printed and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
to accompany these bills.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 720) for the relief of John Milone, post-
master at Uhricksville, Ohio; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 721) to incorporate the Arkansas Valley
and Rocky Mountain Railroad Company, and
to grant the right of way through the public
lands to the same; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 722) to authorize the construction
of a fire-proof building at Lincoln, the capital
of Nebraska; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
723) to provide for a group of statuary to com-
memorate the late epoch in American history ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill has been placed
in my hands for the purpose of presentation,
and I present it without knowing or indorsing
any of its provisions. I move its reference to
