2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
per cent, instead of ten, the chairman tells me,
and I modify the amendment by changing ten
per cent, to five where it occurs.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that that ten per
cent, should be stricken out entirely, for this
reason: if the service amounts to $50,000'
this year, a man can bid to carry it for $5,000
next year, and deposit the amount of five or ten
per cent, upon what he bids instead of on the
contract of the year before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; my friend is mis-
taken.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that the
amendment as to the ten per cent, provides
that it shall be ten per cent, upon his present
bid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is mistaken.
It provides, as I now modify it, as itis said that
ten per cent, is too high, that it shall be live
per cent, of the service of the current year,
and it shall also be five per cent, of his new
bid, so that if he bids high above the last
year's service he must put up the whole mar-
gin.
Mr. CORBETT. In addition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In addition ; butifhebiJs
below he must put up five per cent, on the last
year's service.
Mr. CORBETT. I did not understand the
amendment, if that is the way it reads.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a further amend-
ment to offer from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. It is to add as a new
section the following:
That the Postmaster General is hereby author-
ized to cause to he placed to the credit of the Treas-
urer of the United States, for the service of the Post
Office Department, the not proceeds ot' the money-
order business, and that the reeeipu ot the Post
Office Department derived from this source during
each quarter shall be enteral by the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department in the
accounts of said Department under the head of
"revenue from money-order business."
I will sitnply say that this has been reported
favorably by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and is now in an appropriation bill, to
go into effect on the 1st of July next; but the
Postmaster General desires it to apply to the
current year, to the funds that are tied up
there just like Mohammed's coffin, and cannot
be used by either Department of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wo have not leported
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then the House have
amended it in that way. There is no objection
to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
there is or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the object
of it?
Mr. RAMSEY. I will state 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that the morning hour has just expired.
Mr. RAMSEY. Rather than hazard this
bill, I would prefer to let this amendment
pass over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor withdraw it?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
• amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred iu.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware has risen on this bill. The
Indian appropriation bill, therefore, is now
before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Before the appropriation
bill is taken up I should like to submit a motion
that this bill as amended be printed, so that
we may understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware desires to have the bill as
amended printed; and as the bill is to go
over, the Senator from Minnesota may renew
his amendment, if he desires to do so. •
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well. 1 renew it.
TiieVIOE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed with the pending amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. OASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, to come in at the end of sec-
tion six.
-The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be
ordered to be printed.
BIljLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 912) for the restoration of Commander H.
N. T. Arnold, United States Navy, to the
active list from the retired list; which was
rea'd twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
913) to provide for the appointment of a dis-
trict judge in each of the judicial districts of
Mississippi; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy,
and ordered to be printed.
importations of wools and woolens.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
appropriation bill is taken up, 1 offer the
following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration :
licsolved, That tho Commissioner of Agriculture
bo requested to eonmiunieate to the Senate the com-
parative importations of wools and woolens e;H>h
year of tho last decade, and all facts recorded in the
Department showing tho oauses of fluctuations in
numbers ot sheep and prices of wool.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
inventory 01' government i'uoperty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buddings and
Grounds to report a bill ; and as it is very
short, and I think no one will object to its
immediate passage, I ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 910)
relating to inventories and accounts of the
property of the United States iu public build-
ings and grounds was read three times, and
passed. In order to carry out more effectually
the second section of an act entitled " Au act
to provide inventories and accounts of the
property of the United States in the public
buildings and grounds belonging to the United
Slates in the District of Columbia,'' approved
July 15, 1870, the bill provides that it shall be
the duty of the officer or officers having in
charge the property of the United Slates in
and about the Capitol, the President's House,
and the Botanical Garden, to famish an annual
statement to the architect of the Capitol ex-
tension by the 1st day of December in each
year, setting forth'the public property in all
the buildings, rooms, and grounds under their
charge purchased during- each year, and an
account of the disposition of such property
during the same period, whether by sale or
otherwise.
message from tiik house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton" Lloyb, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2193) to prohibit certain
persons from entering public lands;
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of cer-
tain settlers on the public lands in Iowa under
the provisions of the homestead laws ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2194) to amend the town-
site laws of the United States, and for the re-
lief of the inhabitants of the cities or towns
of Black Hawk, Central City, and George-
town, in the Territory of Colorado, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 873) for the relief of
settlers on the Osage lands in the State of
Kansas';
A bill (H. R. No. 845) to quiet the titles to
certain lands iu the State of Missouri;
A bill (II. R. No. 1027) to perfect naviga-
tion on the Mississippi river ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2121) granting the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad from Great Salt Lake
to Portland, Oregon; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2195) relating.to certain
lands in the State of Alabama.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No.
565) to extend the time to tlie State of Wis-
consin to complete a road from Lake St. Croix
to Lake Superior, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. John* H. Ketch am of
New York, Mr. Jeremiah M. Rusk of Wis-
consin, and Mr. William S. Hoi.max of Indi-
ana, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the resolution of the Senate
to print extra copies of the report and testi-
mony taken before the Senate Committee on
Investigation and Retrenchment, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 48) to settle and quiet the
titles to lands along the boundary line between
the States of Georgia and Florida; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1664) to change the loca-
tion of the First National Bank of Seneca,
Slate of Illinois, to the city of Morris, Illinois.
piedmont and i'otojiac uailkoad.
Mr. LEWIS. I desire to ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
691) giving the assent of Congress to the sub-
scription of the District of Columbia to the
stock of the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad
Company.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) It requires unanimous con-
sent, the Indian appropriation bill being before
the Senate as the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
Mr. COLE. I object. Let us go on with
the regular order.
Mr. LEWIS. I move that the pending busi-
ness be laid aside to consider the bill. It will
take but a few minutes, I think, to pass this
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be passed in
two days, nor ever.
Mr. LEWIS. I should like to try that.
The Senator from Vermont is opposed to the
bill, I presume.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator from Virginia insist on his motion?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia moves that the Indian
appropriation bill do lie on the table.
Mr. LEWIS cal^d for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood,
Nye, Osboin, Pool  Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Stevenson, Stockton,Tipton, and Vickcr?—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conlding, Corbett, Edmunds, Frelmg-
huysen, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Schurz, Spen-
cer, Sumner, and Windom— 20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan,- Golrtthwaite, Hamlin, Hill, Johnston,
Logan, Morton, Patteison, Xlice, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart; Thurman, Trumbull,
West, Wilson, and Wright—-31.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of the bill I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 091) giving the assent of Congress to the
subscription of the District of Columbia to the
