3018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
The bill (H. "R. No. 2567) to authorize tlie
issue of a supply of arms to the authorities of
the Territory of Montana was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2629) amendatory of an
act setting aside certain proceeds of internal
revenue for the erection of penitentiaries in
the Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Col-
orado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota,
approved January 22, 1807, was read twice
by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill came
from the Committee on Territories in the
House of Representatives and will bo referred
to that committee here, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me that bill
had better go to the Committee on Finance.
It proposes to devote a portion of the inter-
nal revenue for purposes of improvements in
Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in regard
to internal revenue receipts which are used
for penitentiary purposes. The Senator from
West Virginia moves its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
REMOVAL OF KANSAS INDIAN'S.
The bill (H. R. No. 26'24) to provide for the
removal of the Kansas tribe of Indians to the
Indian territory, and to dispose of their lands
in Kansas to actual settlers, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. POMEllOY. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have reported a similar bill ; and
now that this bill has passed the House, as
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs is here and agrees to it, I ask that it
be put on its passage at once.
The VICH PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to its present consideration ? It will be
reported, subject to objection if it gives rise
to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 did not rise to object, but
I rose to ask the Senate to be good enough to
ake up the District school bill and then let
the morning business proceed.
Mr. POMEllOY. Let this bill be dis-
posed of.
The VICE PliKSI DENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects, apparently.
Mr. SUMNISIt. I wish to get up the school
bill with the understanding that it shall be
passed over informally until the morning busi-
ness is disposed of.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
that the bill relating to schools in the District
of Columbia be taken up, subject to be passed
over for the morning business.
Mr. S 1'OCKTOM, and Mr. DAVIS of West
Virginia. I object.
Mr. SUM Nil! It. Then 1 give notice that as
soon as the morning business is disposed of
I shall move to take up that bill.
Mr. HARLAN. You do not object to this
bill ?
Mr. SUIINER. Not at all.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2624) to provide for
the removal of the Kansas tribe of Indians to
the Indian territory, and to dispose of their
lands in Kansas to actual settlers only.
The hill authorizes and empowers the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause to be appraised
*and sold so much of the lands heretofore
owned by the Kansas tribe of Indians in the
State ot' Kansas, and which were ceded to the
United States in trust in the treaty made by
the United States and these Indians, pro-
claimed November 17, 1860, and which remain
unsold, in the following manner: the Secre-
tary shall appoint three disinterested and com-
petent persons, who shall, after being duly
sworn to perform the service faithfully and
impartially, personally examine and appraise
the lands by legal subdivisions of one hundred
and sixty acres or less, separately from the
value of any improvements on the same, and
also the value of the improvements, distin-
guishing between improvements made by
members of the Indian tribe, the United
States, and white settleis, and make return
thereof to the Commissioner of I ndian Affairs ;
but the Secretary of the Interior may, in his
discretion, set aside any appraisements that
may be made under the provisions of this sec-
tion, and cause a new appraisement to be
made.
The second section provides that each bona
fide settler at the time occupying any poriiou
of the lands and having made valuable im-
provements thereon, or the heirs-at-law ofsuch,
who is a citizen of the United States, or who
has declared his intention to become such,
shall be entitled, at any time within one year
from the approval of the appraisement, to
purchase, for cash, the land so occupied and
improved by him, not to exceed one hundred
and sixty acres in each case, at the appraised
value thereof, including the appraised value of
any improvements which may have been made
by the United States or any of the Indians on
the same, under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe.
The third section provides that all the lands
mentioned in the first section of this act now
occupied by bona fide sealers, as mentioned in
the second section of this act, lemaining unsold
at the expiration uf one yeai from I he approval j
of said appraisement, shall be suld at public
sale, aftei due adveitisenient, to t.he highest
bidder for cash, m tracts not exceeding one !
hundred and sixty acr< s; and all the lands
mentioned in the lirst seeiion of this act which
shall be unoccupied by bona Jitla settlers at
the date of such appraisement may be sold at
any time after the approval of the appraise-
ment, at public sale, after due advertisement,
to thahighest bidder for cash, in tracts not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of
the Interior may prescribe; but in no case
are any of the lands mentioned in this act to
be sold at less than their appraised value ;
and the Secretary of the Interior may, in his
discretion, open any of the lands remain-
ing unsold after having been publicly offered |
to cash entry at their appraised value, subject
to the rights of bona Jide settlers as provided
for in this act; but the proceeds ol the sale
of the lands and improvements, after paying
the expenses of the appraisement and sale,
are to be applied in accordance with the pro-
visions of the treaty in the payment of the
liquidated indebtedness of the Kansas tribe
of Indians pro rata as the same shall be
received, and the excess, if any, shall be dis-
tributed to the Indians per capita, in money.
The fourth section provides that if the
Kansas tribe of Indians shall signify to the
President of the United States their desire to
sell their diminished reserve, as indicated in
the treaty, including lands held in severalty
and in common, and to remove from the State
of Kansas, and shall so agree in such manner
as the President may prescribe, the Secretary
of the Interior may cause the same to be ap-
praised in legal subdivisions as hereinbefore
provided for the appraisement of the so-called
"trust lands," and sold, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, at not
less than its appraised value, after due notice,
to the highest bidder or bidders, on sealed
bids, including improvements of every char-
acter, and no preference is to be given to set-
tlers on any part of the diminished reserve ;
and the appraised value of any improvements
oil any part of the diminished reserve, made
by any member of the tribe, is to be paid to
him or her in person ; and the residue of the
proceeds of the sales is to belong to the
tribe in common ; fifty per cent, of which is to
be placed to their credit on the books of the
Treasury, and bear interest at the rate of five
per cent, per annum, the interest to be paid
to them semi-annually, for the term of twenty
years, after which the principal is to be paid
to the inembs-is uf the tribe per capita, and
the remaining fifty per cent, of the pioceeds
of sales is to be us"d m providing and improv-
ing for them new homes in the Indian territory,
anil in subsisting them until they may become
scif'-smtaining ; but that if any adnlt member
of the tribe to whom an allotment was assigned
under the provision of articles one and tw:,
of the treaty of Novemb"i\ I860, shall desire
to remain upon the same, such member shall,
upon satisfying the Secretary of the Interior
of it that, he or she is the person to whom such
allotment was originally assigned, and that he
or she since the date of such assignment con-
tinued to occupy and cultivate the same, be
en'itled to demand and receive for such allot-
ment a patent in fee-simple to such land as
was patented, which shall be exempt from
levy, taxation, or sale, during the natural life
of such Indian.
Mr. NYE. I should like to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Iowa. By what authority
do you propose to remove these Indians?
Mr. JIAKLAN. They are not to be re-
moved unless they expressly desire to remove.
In fact, a number of them have removed.
Mr. NYE. I suppose they are not to be
removed without their consent, and therefore
I want that section of the bill lead again that
provides for their assent.
Mr. IIARLAN. I will state to the honorable
Senator that these Indians have heretofore
sel"Cted a tract of land down near the Osages
m the Indian territory, and are anxious to go
down tln-re.
Mr. NYPJ. I ask the honorable Senator
from Iowa if there is any treaty by which the
Government of the United States have a right
to lemove these Indians to tlie Indian terri-
tory ?
Mr. HARLAN. They undoubtedly have
the right to remove them with their consent,,
and this bill provides that they shall give their
eo,is nt.
Mr. NYE. That is the very portion of the
bill that 1 desire to have read again.
Mr. POMEllOY. I think it is the fourth
section of the hill.
The Chief Clerk read the fourth section.
Mr. NYE. To what part of the Indian
territory do they go?
Mr. HAULAN. East of the Arkansas river,
west, of the Osa
Mr. NYE. J3y what tribe is that tract held
now?
Mr. IIARLAN. By the Osages.
Mr NYE I see no provision in the bill
that, the Osag"S are to he consulted.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a provision that a
part of this money, the proceeds of this sale,
shall be used in procuring for them a new
home in the Indian territory; and if any dif-
ficult* should aiise in consummating the con-
tract licretolore entered into between the Kaws
and the Osages, we have other lands in tlie
Indian territory on which they can be located.
Mr. NYE. Then tliey are to be located
wh."re the Government say.
Mr HAULAN. Not without their consent.
Mr. NYE. The only objection I have to
the bill is that my friend has been exceedingly
anxious to protect the Indians now 111 the In-
dian territory in all their rights, and I want
to know why put other tribes among them that
they do not wani? What greater right have
you to do that than to put white people there?
Mr. _ 1IAJ1LAN. There is a law? enacted
some live or six years ago, directing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
Indians in Kansas with a view of removing
thein to tlie Indian territory. The Department
consequently have the authority of Congress.
Mr. NYE. But I suppose that Congress,
according to the idea*my friend from Iowa
entertains, has not that right.
