2?8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 22,
Senate.
North Carolina Scnatorship—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
It does not require a majority of the house to
elect, but a majority of the whole number of
votes cast in each house. The name of the
person having received that majority must go
upon the journal and be recorded. 1 throw
that out as a suggestion.
But Lord Mansfield said in the case of the
King vs. Crisfield that in the case of an elec-
tion where there was a vote for an ineligible
candidate, the vote was thrown away if the
ineligibility was not shown to have been known
to the elector; but where it was shown that
the ineligibility was. known to the elector,
more was done—the vote for the ineligible
candidate elected the other man ; it was an
assent; it was more than throwing away a
vote ; it was giving the vote to the other man.
But, Mr. President, that branch of the sub-
ject has been so thoroughly argued by Sena-
tors who have preceded me that 1 have not
been disposed to advert to it at all. I have
endeavored to avoid what has been so fully
discussed and almost entirely exhausted by
other Senators.
It has been said that the English rule should
not be applied in this country, because it is
not in accordance with the spirit of our insti-
tutions. Mr. Piesident, it is more important
that any rule to prevent a failure of election
should be applied in this country than in Eng-
land. The spirit of our institutions is not
against any principle involved in this rule. It
is asserted that in this country majorities must
rule, that the great idea here is obedience to
the will of the majority. I do not suppose
that those who take this position mean to
say that minorities have no rights. But is it
the rule in tiiis country that a majority shall
rule? I think not. I have not so understood
the theory of our institutions, nor the prac-
tice under them. Minorities have rights here.
An orderly minority, that conforms to the
established, prescribed law of the land, must
and ought to override a majority which under-
takes to set that law at defiance. Under the
theory of our institutions, a majority estab-
lished the Constitution of the United States,
and a majority in each of the States estab-
lished their constitutions. But can a majority
repeal these constitutions? A minority can
hold the majority to them and to the observ-
ance of them until the end of time unless the
majority should assert by revolution its power.
The theory of our Government is that minor-
ities shall rule when they have the law upon
their side, and that they shall control major-
ities when majorities undertake to set the law
at defiance or refuse to observe it.
Why, sir, majorities do not even elect offi-
cers in the United States. It has often oc-
curred that the minority candidate has been
made President of the United States. I am
not able to give the exact figures. I refer to
it entirely from memory ; but I believe in the
election which occurred between Mr. Clay and
Mr. Polk th«re were several hundred thousand
popular majority for Mr. Clay, yet Mr. Polk,
the minority candidate, took the office of
President.
In arranging the theory and practice of our
Government and putting them into operation
it has been found impossible to so provide that
majorities shall always rule even in the elec-
tion of officers. Why, Mr. President, do those
who represent the various States of the Union
in the other House always represent the
majority of the people in those States? 1
could point out States now represented by
delegations, a majority of which are not in
political accord with the popular majority in
their respective States, xlnd so it often occurs
in the Legislatures of the States. It has
occurred in the Legislature of North Carolina.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him right there?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The theory upon which the
\ Senator has been proceeding is confined, as I
understand, to rule. The theory laid down—
certainly as I stated it in my remarks—is that
this Government is based on the consent of
the majority, aud that a minority cannot rule
in any case except where- that rule is pre-
scribed either by a constitution or a law in
pursuance of the constitution. That rule not
being prescribed in this case there is no power
to give the minority the authority to govern
the majority. In other words, to deprive the
majority of power, you must prescribe the rule,
and under that rule the minority must get into
power.
Mr. POOL. But is there not a rule pre-
scribed in this case?
Mr. LOGAN. Not for a minority.
Mr. POOL. That was precisely the point
to which I was endeavoring to come and to go
no further. The legislation of this country is
not conducted by a mp.jority in actual practice.
How many bills are passed through the Senate
by the vote of a majority of all the Senate?
It takes a majority to constitute a quorum, but
a majority of a quorum can pass a bill, though
the majority of that quorum maybe a minority
of the Senate. Majorities may rule is the
theory and practice in this country, not that
majorities shall rule.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question right there.
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. His illustrations go to the
effect that where assent is given a minority
may govern. It is not the minority that
governs hut the assent of the majority. Does
the Senator contend that the Senate of the
United States can agree to a bill passed by the
House or can pass a bill themselves without a
quorum, the yeas and nays being called?
Mr. POOL. No, sir, 1 said no such thing.
I said the reverse.
Mr. LOGAN. I understood you to ask the
question whether many hills were not passed
by a minority vote.
Mr. POOL. I said less than a majority of
the whole Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. But not without a majority
of a quorum ?
Mr. POOL. Certainly there must be a quo-
rum ; but most of the bills that pass this body
are passed by a minority of the whole Senate.
It is not an inflexible rule in this country that
the majority shall rule. The majority may in
various ways give up its right to rule and throw
into the bands of the minority the actual rule
in the country. Arid so, sir, the Legislature
of North Carolina did in this case. The ma-
jority might have elected a Senator, but, by
throwing their votes for an ineligible candidate
and bringing in the rule which applies to viva
voce elections, they by such lolly gave up to the
minority the right to rule in that particular
instance.
If the minority in the Legislature of North
Carolina should seat a member here under the
decision of the Senate in this case, it would be
no great departure from what we see as prac-
ticed under our institutions all over the coun-
try. We have in North Carolinawhatis known
as the plurality rule in all our popular elections ;
and what is that rule? It is that if the majority
do not concentrate their votes the minority
shall take the office. It is as old as the State
that minorities with ns elect candidates to
office unless the majority choose to concen-
trate their vote. If the majority in our popu-
lar elections scatter, the minority elects. It
is nothing new in North Carolina that the per-
son voted for by a minority takes the office
over the will of the majority.
Why, sir, in the very Legislature that at-
tempted this election there sat members who
held their seats in the body under a minority
vote. In the very county in which Mr. Abbott
resides, if I am not mistaken in my recollec-
tion, a member was sent, to the Legislature
and held his seat under a minority vute. the
majority in that county having scattered their
votes. I cannot see how that member, at
least, could feel greatly outraged or consider
the spirit of our institutions outraged if he
should happen to see a minurity candidate
sitting in the United States Senate.
It is the rule in England and in this coun-
try that a majority having in their hands the
power to elect their candidate may throw that
power away by voting for a person whom they
know to be ineligible. In order to defeat such
an attempt to prevent an election, the minor-
ity candidate is declared elected aud becomes
vested with the right to the office.
If that be the rule it settles the ease before
us. In the Legislature of North Carolina,
the majority having the right to elect a Sen-
tor, by failing to exercise that right in con-
formity to the Constitution and laws of the
country, gave to the minority the power and
the right to make the election. Such a result
is nothing novel in the practice of our Gov-
ernment, and does no violeuce to the spirit
of our institutions.
Mr. President, it was the duty of the Legis-
lature to elect. The Constitution which they
had sworn to support, and the laws made in
pursuance thereof, required them to make an
election. It was not their privilege, but it was
a legal obligation, which they individually
assumed by accepting their seats in that Legis-
lature. They had therefore no right to pre-
vent an election, either by objecting to all the
candidates offered or by voting for a person
known to them to be ineligible. The oniy way
in which they could oppose, legally, the views
of the orderly portion of the body voting
for an eligible candidate, was to vote for some
other eligible candidate Insubordination to
the laws of the country, and to the require-
ments of duty in voting at elections for import-
ant officers necessary to the existence of a
republican government, is revolutionary and
mischievous, and a law which defeats such
purpose is wise and salutary, and ought to be
enforced with the utmost, stringency.
Should the Senate of the United States re-
fuse to seat Mr. Abbott under these circum-
stances, what is established? Is it that a
majority in any State Legislature may. under
the forms of law, defeat the election of Sen-
ators by voting for persons underage or other-
wise ineligible, and tlxeri go straight on with
the ordinary business of the session in direct
violation of theactof Congress, which requires
them to meet at twelve o'clock meridian of
each succeeding day during the session of the
Legislature, and take at least one vote until a
Senator shall be electcd? Is it wise to estab-
lish a rale authorizing such license with the
laws of the country ?
Majorities in this country are entitled to
rule, but to rule under and in subordination to
the law. Wtien they undertake to disregard
the established laws of the land, majortties
should be held as strictly amenable to ttie con-
sequences as minorities or even private indi-
viduals. When majorities undertake to throw
off the restraints of iaw, they become the most
dangerous enemies of public liberty, the most
intolerable of all tyrants. In such cases the
only salety to liberty is in some power, either
motal or physical, by which the lawful coun-
sels of the minority may he made to pre-
vail.
Mr. President, I have spoken upon this
question to an extent perhaps entirely unne-
cessary alter the full discussion which has been
had, but I have felt that, I could not suffer the
question to be taken without expressing my
views upon it. It is the desire of the people
of North Catolina that the law and the Con-
stitution be carried out in thia as in all other
