1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
merce of those nations that lie west of us.
There are peculiar circumstances connecting
our country with Japan which it is not neces-
sary to enumerate to-day. but which certainly
are understood by the Senate, which would
make it proper for us as a nation to grant this
request on the part of that Government.
Mr. SUA1NER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this case is entirely exceptional. What
we do with reference to it need be in no respect
a precedent for any other case ; certainly for
no case that does not come precisely within
the conditions of this case. I say it is excep-
tional, and 1 am disposed to treat it on that
ground. I might go further, however, and
say that even if it were less exceptional than
it undoubtedly is, it would be advantageous
for us to make this slight concession. But
when I say that, the case can in no respect be
a precedent, I answer the Senator from Ohio.
I undertake to add a single word to what has
already been said. I do not concede that there
can be any danger, any trouble or embarrass-
ment from doing as is now proposed. I be-
lieve that in doing so we shall place a great,
nation, equal in population to ourselves, in still
greater sympathy with us, and that cannot be
otherwise than to the benefit of both countries.
Mr. COLE. It may not be known to all
Senators that the Japanese are at the present
time endeavoring to obtain instruction for their
yout.h in all the classes of schools in this coun-
try, and, I observe, in that of West Point as
well as in others. There are noiv some three
hundred of the young men of that nation either
attending schools in this country or about to
enter tlietn, and some two hundred and twenty-
five have gone but recently to attend schools
in the different nations of Europe. 1 can
readily see that it would be a vast advantage
to this country to afford every facility for edu
cation to the young men of that country in all
our schools. The commercial relations that
are springing up between Japan and the United
States are becoming so prominent, so conspic-
uous now, that it would be bad policy, in my
judgment, to throw even the slightest obstruc
tion in the way.
The Japanese take an interest in our nation
and in our institutions above those of any other
country. They have conceived a liking for the
institutions of America, and are discarding their
own for the purpose of adopting our liberal
systems, both as relates to dress and the habits
of living. Indeed, they have already discarded
many of their ancient customs for the purpose
of adopting ours. In a few days from this time,
about the 10th of next month, there will be
some forty more arrivals from that country,
and among them the secretary of foreign re-
lations of that nation, who is coining to this
country for the purpose, 1 presume, of obtain-
ing informal ion in relation to our institutions.
T am, therefore. Mr. President, very heartily
in favor of the bill that is now pending, and I
hope that it m iy pass. I trust that the Sen-
ator from Ohio will not insist upon his objec-
tions to it when he reflects upon the advantage
that it must be to the nation at large.
Mr. THCJRMAN. I will not take up time
on this bill, although I think it is not an unim-
portant matter, and I shall speak but a very
little while in answer to one or two things that
have been said.
In the first place, in answer to the remark of
the Senator from Massachusetts, that this in an
exceptional case, h't rue ask. why is it an ex-
ceptional case? 1 beg him to observe that the
first precedent, that is ever set in any case is
exceptional I do not, know of anything in
which the first precedent was not an exception,
an exception to some general rule that existed
before Now, why is this an exceptional ease?
What makes this any stronger case than an ap-
plication on the part of the Chinese, or the
Siamese,or from any one of the Barbary States,
or from any other nation with which we are in
friendly relations? I can conceive of nothing.
Take our sister republics in South America.
There is as much room for civilizatijn among
them as there is among the Japanese, and a good
deal more in a great many of them. What rea-
son could you give why you would refuse Peru-
vian youths, or Chilian youths, or Bolivian
youths, or youths from Venezuela, that would
not apply equally to the case of Japanese
youths? I do not know, I cannot see any.
If it be urged that it is our interest t,o be on
friendly relations with Japan, I say so it is;
but, it is equally our interest to be on friendly
relations with China, "with all the world,"
and, if I may add the language of a cer-
tain presidential message, "the rest of man-
kind." it is our interest to be on friendly
relations with everybody, to be equally court-
eous to all the nations of the earth, to cul-
tivate their good will; but has that, ever befere
been understood to mean that we are to open
the doors of our military schools and teach
foreign nations the art of war? That is a new
idea.
It is intimated here that Japan is progress-
ingrapidly in civilization, and that sheischang-
ing her Mongolian civilization, or whatever
race she may be classed with, for the civiliza-
tion of America. I have not any very great
faith in that; but suppose it were so, is that
any more the case with her than with other
nations, semi-barbarous, who are striving to
attain a higher civilization ? And what reason
can be given therefor if we are to turn out as
civilizers of the world, and civilizers by teach-
ing the art of war, forsooth, teaching an art
that, may be turned against us? What reason
can be given why Japan is an exceptional case ?
I can see none at all.
I repeat, sir, there arc thousands of youth
of America whose parents would be extremely
glad to have them educated at the Military
Academy, and who would pay every dollar of
the expense; thousands of them who would
be glad to be educated there to become soldiers
of the Republic, and to fight under its banner,
and not one of them can get in there. And
now, while our own youth have the doors of that
institution thus shut in their faces, I, for one,
am not in favor of opening them under the idea
that we must do this to cultivate friendly rela-
tions with Japan, or to extend the civilizing
influences of out institutions. Iamnotin favor
of opening them to foreign-born youth who are
not citizens of our country, to those who are
foreigners, to those who, in a war between us
and them, would be bound to use that very
knowledge and skill which wc had taught them
against ourselves. T do not think this bill ought
to pass.
There is another thing that is suggested to
me by a friend on my right that, pertains to the
details of the bill. 1 understand that the bill
provides for some different kind of regulations
for these people than for the other cadets at
large. I did not attend particularly to the read-
ing of the bill. If that is so, 1 beg leave to sug-
gest to my worthy friend who reported this bill
whether he will not create great trouble and
disturbance at the Academy. I think we have
had trouble enough there already. If you pur-
sue this course, I do not think it requires much
of a propheticknowledge to foresee that before
long the fate of that institution will be sealed,
and tli" whole thing will be abolished. I do not
think the people ot America will see the doors
of lnnt institution shut on their own children, to
be opened to foreign-born youth, and let that
institution stand. Now, sir, I am a friend of
West Point, and always have been, and I do
not want to see it stiieken to the ground.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President,, I am
opposed to this bill in toto. I think it is a bad
precedent, a,nd that it ought not to bepassed
under any circumstances: but if the bill is to
be passed, 1 submit that that provision which
authorizes the Secretary ot War to vary the
regulations of the Academy for the accommo-
dation of these foreigners ought to be stiieken
out. Now, it is well known that in order to
hold a school like West Point under discipline.
to have anything like patient submission to
proper authority, all must be on a footing.
The son of the rich man and the son of the poor
man meet at West Point on a common level,
and that is the great charm and benefit of that
institution. But by this bill we are to have a
sort of foreign aristocracy established insida
that school. They pay their way, and they
must therefore be indulged; the rules and
regulations of war are not to apply to them.
Are they to have a separate table?
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. OA KPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I suppose that that provision
simply refers to the rules and regulations for
admission, as, for instance, that they shall not
be required to take the oath of allegiance
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Secretaiy
read thai, poitiou ol the bill?
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
And pmri'lnl furthrr, That the Secretary of War
may, in the ease of the snid neisons, modify or dis-
pense with any piovisionsof the rufes and regula-
tions of the said Academy the_ enforcement of which
circumstances may, in liis opinion, render unneces-
sary or undosirablc.
Mr. CARPENTER. What he is to abolish
or vary are the rules and regulations of the
Academy, not, the rules for admission.
Mr. NYE. One of the rules and regulations
of the Academy is that young men shall pass a
certain examination when they are admitted.
That, rule would be waived. I suppose.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then say so.
Mr. NY7E. Another rule is that they shall
take an oath of allegiance to this country. That
rule would of course be waived. Probably
those would be the only waivers that it. would
be necessaiy to make. They would have, to
obey the rules of discipline of the school; but
these things it would be impossible for them
to do.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the bill merely in-
tends to provide that these men shall be admit-
ted without examination and without taking the
oath of allegiance, let it say so; that, will remove
the difficulty ; but the provision of the bill cer-
tainly authorizes a totally new set of regula-
tions applicable to these foreign students. That
would create a caste, would create a division,
and would be certain to make trouble and
heart-burning in the corps of cadets.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN". I understand
the resolution to provide that the Secretary of
War is to regulate those regulations, and to re-
lieve them so far as m his judgment the case
requires. Inasmuch as this Academy is in a
great measure under the regulation and direc-
tion of the War Depa1 tment. I think it sate for
the Senate to leave that discretion with the
Secretary of Wir.
Mr. CARPEN TER. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment, the objec-
tion is not that the Secrerary of War is author-
ized t.o make regulations for that, Academy ; he
is authoi ized to do that wow; but the, regula-
tions which he, makes apply to eveiy cadet
alike. '1 lie objection is to authorizing him to
malic difl'ei cut, classes and subject one to one
system of regulation and another to another.
Mr. FREHNGIIUY'SEN. That is what I
understood the objection to be; but my answer
is, that the Secretary of War will see to it,that
those rules and regulations are not. relieved in
reference to these youth in any manner so as
to lnteifere with the character and discipline
of the institution. He would relieve those
regulations so far as the examination, as the
oath of allegiance or oilier religious tests, aie
concerned. I do nor, think that, we irnpeiil
anything by leaving that discretion with the
Secretary of War,
Now, as to the propriety of this bill, the Sen-
ator from Ohio is ceitainly correct that it is
not a matter of light in any sense that these
youths should be admitted there; but here is
a nation which stands out before the woild in
a most peculiar attitude. This nation has very
properly been called the Yankee nation of the
