1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
the Committee on the Library, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
amendment to appropriation bill,
Mr. ANTHONY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by the Committee on
Printing to the bill (H. E. No. 1060) making
appropriations for the- legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.-
senatorial recommendations for office.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by me yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I accepted yesterday
an amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] not then reduced to writing.
I do not wish to speak to the resolution, but
I hope we may have a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have reduced to writing
what I wanted to add. I suppose it will come
in at the end. I presume the Senator will
accept it probably.
Mr. CONKLING. I will.
Mr. THUMB DLL. I suppose, though, I had
better wait until the other amendment is dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would require
unanimous consent now, as an amendment is
pending. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton,]
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise simply for the pur-
pose of withdrawing the amendment made at
my suggestion yesterday, if it is in my power
to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be by
consent of the Senate only, as it was agreed
to, and the Senator from Nebraska has moved
an amendment on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered, which are two reasons why
the resolution cannot be changed except by
consent. If there be no objection the Senator
from South Carolina desires to withdraw the
suggestion that his State be added. If there
be no objection that is withdrawn. The reso-
lution is so modified.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I remarked
yesterday that I should favor the amendment
of the Senator from Nebraska, because it
seemed to me so manifestly just, and so mani-
festly that a resolution pointing to a few indi-
vidual Senators upon a subject-matter of this
kind should be passed, instead of embracing
the whole body. Upon looking at the reso-
lution as it is printed I confess I am sorry
that it is here at all. There is no public in-
terest requiring a report of the recommenda-
tions of the Senators from these three States
in relation to appointments to and removals
from office. The resolution is intensely per-
sonal in its character, if I may so designate
it, and affects only personal interests. Now
for almost two weeks we have been spending
the time of the Senate really in discussing
personal interests, for since the first day of
the debate upon the resolution pending before
the Senate on which so much discussion has
been had the central point of interest in that
discussion has been the question whether
General Grant should be renominated at the
Philadelphia convention next June; and,
sir, I do not believe there, is a member of
this body who was not convinced before the
debate began that General Grant will be re-
nominated at the Philadelphia convention
next June; and here we have been two weeks
discussing a question that was settled when we
began !
Mv\ CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. FERRY, of Connnecticut. Certainly.
Mr. CON KLING. I do not wish to con-
sume a moment's time; but I wish, as I think
the Senator a very just man, to put myself
right with him in one regard. First, I assure
him that I am conscious of no personal feel-
ing in this matter which a man ought not
to have, or which would be considered an
unneighborly or resentful feeling. Second, I
wish to say to the honorable Senator that I
have sat long in this Chamber and heard in
language which I will not now refer to, because
I would not give offeuse or provoke debate,
charges by indirection upon me that I have
been a recipient of executive favor, that I
have been especially an applicant for execu-
tive favor. 1 know, Mr. President, whether
that charge be just or unjust. I do not care to
volunteer as a witness in my own behalf, but
in language which I meant to be eutirely im-
personal aud inoffensive, at last I simply asked
the Senate to let the facts be laid before it to
enable me to see whether three Senators—and
I am not complaining of it now—who on various
occasions and in various phrases have assigned
me a position among the beggars for office
(because that very phrase has been used) will,
when the facts are laid before the Senate touch-
ing those Senators and myself, find their alle-
gation just or not. That is all.
There is no offense intended here to any-
body. I have never said that it was an im-
proper thing for a Senator to recommend for
office. I have simply asked that the Senate
and the world may know whether Senators
who charge me with being a "henchman,"
with "hanging around the skirts of power,"
with "clinging to the skirts of power," and
with other things of which, as I say, I do not
now complain—whether those Senators are
just or not; and I think a response to this
resolution will convince them and convince
others that they have not been warranted.
Now I submit to the honorable Senator from
Connecticut that there is no harm to him, that
it is a mere act of justice.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I cannot see bow the statement which
the Senator has made invalidates the argu-
ment with which 1 was proceeding. I was dep-
recating the introduction of this resolution
because the interests involved in it were pecu-
liarly personal instead of public interests, and
because I thought we have already wasted suf-
ficient time of the session in discussing per-
sonal questions. It is impossible to do justice
to the four Senators alluded to by the Senator
from New York, including himself, in refer-
ence to this question of their having solicited
a greater or less number of appointments or
removals to and from office, without seeing
the proportion which their recommendations
bear to the recommendations which have been
made by other Senators to the same effect,
and I think that injustice would be done to
those Senators by the mere report of their
action in this matter without affording an
opportunity of comparison with the action
of other Senators.
If the Senator from New Yorksimply desires
to do justice to himself, a resolution calling
for the information in relation to himself will
accomplish that result. But when he couples
that with the demand for information regarding
half a dozen other Senators, why should the
junior Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Hitch-
cook,] who has only been here a short time,
why should the junior Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] who has been here a compara-
tively short time, be embraced in a resolution
of this kind from which information may ensue
which can be used, and improperly used, to
their prejudice? I hope, as the resolution is
now before us and is pressed to a vote, that
the amendment may be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the same
sentiment that induced my friend to wish to
have the amendment adopted induces me to
think it unjust to adopt it. Here has arisen
in the Senate a debate on a resolution in the
course of which the official action of the Sen-
ators from certain States has been brought
into discussion. Now, the Senator from New
York, in order to do justice to that topic which
we have discussed, and without impugning
anybody, offers a resolution to get certain
information. The moment that is offered, an
amendment is proposed to get a great deal
more information about other States that have
not been drawn in question, the effect of which
is to prevent our getting any information at
all within any reasonable limit of time, because
everybody knows that if you have one resolu-
tion calling for all this information you will
not get any under months, for the reason that
since the incoming of this Administration the
number of recommendations that have been
made on all sides for office and for changes
are so great, and the papers are scattered in
so many Departments, that it will take a long
time and many clerks to get the information
together. Therefore I should'hope that this
amendment would not be agreed to, but that
my honorable friend from Nebraska would be
permitted to have his proposition adopted as
a resolution, so that the information may come
along, as far as any 'Senator desires it, as fast
as it can be given. Otherwise we shall miss
the whole thing.
Now, I do not think it any imputation on
any Senator that he has made recommenda-
tions to office. I think he ought to do it. It
is a duty he ought to perform when he is called
upon, either by his constituents or by the heads
of Departments, to express his opinions re-
specting the propriety and fitness of certain
men for office in his State, because he can
know as well as anybody.
But this has a wider significance than that,
Mr. President; but I cannot take up your
time. We have under discussion civil service
reform; we have a bill from my friend from
Illinois, the purpose of which is to put a stop
to what he considers to be an abuse. How
can we act on that unless we have the knowl-
edge? But if we undertake to get all the
knowledge at once, we shall defeat the justice
which the Senator from New York asks for,
and shall get information too late to act upon
in that respect. Let us therefore adopt his
resolution, then adopt the resolution of the
Senator from Nebraska, and thus we shall
get all the information and we shall get it in
installments, having that first which we need
first.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think, as far as the dis-
tribution of patronage is concerned, the Sen-
ator from New York is not the only one whose
conduct has been reflected upon in any way.
On the contrary, I have heard at least half a
dozen times the assertion on this floor that
the Senators who advocated civil service
reform most loudly were those who had re-
ceived the most appointments. I think every
Senator within the reach of my voice will
remember that such language has been used.
Well, sir, I am ready to stand investigation ;
I would rather covet it than otherwise, but if
a judgment is to be formed on this point, then
I think it is but fair that the number of rec-
ommendations made by each Senator should
be compared with the number of recommenda-
tions made by others, so that each one may
stand in his own just proportion. It is not
the character of the Senator from New York
alone that is involved in this question ; it is
the conduct of a great many others, and the
conduct of each Senator will appear in its just
light only when compared with the conduct of
others, for then only shall we get a just view
of the general practice.
Now, I think that every one who has noth-
ing to cover up ought to vote for this amend-
ment, and before this thing comes to a close I
think I may be able to show that I might have
had more patronage if I had wanted it.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
