sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
May 27,
ator from New Jersey will seriously maintain
the proposition that a reduction of two and
one half per cent, upon the value of this
product will really break down the business.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, I will say, with
the consent of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, that they do not now make more
than seven per cent., and if you take two and
one half per cent, off that, the business will
not be worth following. Two and one half
per cent, where tfye thing is worked down to
as close a -margin, as that, is a very serious
reduction. I understand the chairman of the
Committee on Finance does not seriously
object to the propriety of striking off this
reduction of duty on earthenware, and that is
the whole of my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that is a very dif-
ferent question from striking out the whole
paragraph.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is all my
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam perfectly willingto
take the vote of the Senate on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
Jersey, to strike out, in line sixty-two, the words
"all earthenware."
The question being put, there were, on a
decision—ayes 22, noes 20.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for thp yeas and nays.
Several Senators. No; no.
Mr. BLAIR. I insist on the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was going
to appeal to the Senator from Missouri to with-
draw his call for the yeas and nays, for it is a
fact that a very considerable amount of the
crockery that is made in this country is made
from the clay that is obtained in Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. T do not agree to that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator to withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays on account of the fact that the potteries
are in New Jersey. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. I waut the Senator from Ver-
mont tp understand that 1 am not controlled
by any such consideration as that. I believe
it is proper that the taxes should be reduced
on articles produced in Missouri as well as
upon others. I voted to reduce the tax on
railroad iron.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Here is an appli-
cation which is made for a reduction. The
House have stricken it out; the chairman of
the Committee on Finance has told the Sen-
ate that he does not seriously object to it;
and I do not see why any question should be
made against this motion.
Mr. HILL. Of course it is expected that
every Senator will give the reason for his vote
oil so important a matter as this. I do not
know of any earthenware establishments in
my State. There are some on the other side
of the Savannah river, in South Carolina, and
1 think there is a little jugware perhaps made
in Georgia. But the proposition, as I under-
stand it, is to leave crockeryware at the pres-
ent rates, and not to interfere with it. It is
stated here, and I believe it to be true, that
this manufacture is literally in its infancy;
that there are very few establishments of the
sort in the country, and they have been Strug-
glingfor existence up to this time. If so, and
il it has not been a profitable business up to
this period, I think we might as well reduce
the tariff in some other particular as in this.
1 liken it a good deal to the intended reduc-
tion upon silks, which happened to be made
chiefly, I believe, in the same State where
most of these potteries are located.
My universal reason for agreeing to this
amendment, and allowing the tariff to remain
almost substantially as it is now, is my anxiety
to reduce the internal revenue taxes. Every
one knows that we are obliged to have revenue
from some source. We must have it either
from the tariff mainly or we must take it from
our internal revenue system. I prefer to get
rid as much as possible of the internal revenue
taxes, and to leave what is necessary.for the
support of the Government and for the pay-
ment of the interest on the public debt and its
partial reduction, to come from duties upon
imports. Thatis my reason for voting to retain
the present duty upon earthenware.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-.
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27 ; nays 25, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler. Cote, Conklinsr, Corbett, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,Gilbert,'Ham-
lin, Hill, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Patterson. Pool,-Ramsey, Scott,
Stockton, Tipton, West, and Wilson—27.
NAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
Fen ton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Stevenson,
Stewart, Trumbull, Viekers, and Wright—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow.Caldwell, Carp enter,
Cragin, I>avis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, andWindom—22.
Sq the amendment to the amendment w§,s
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the commit-
tee as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing will proceed.
Mr. SCOTT. Was the vote taken on the
latter part of that clause ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. SCOTT. I understood the Senator from
New Jersey to propose to follow his motion
by striking out the remainder of the clause.
It' not, I make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
the question decided; the question being on
adopting the clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania ,was taken by surprise, I have
no objection to the vote being taken again.
Mr. SCOTT. I understood from the Sen-
ator from New Jersey that he proposed to
follow his motion by moving to strike out the
remaining portion of the clause.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think I did
say so ; but owing to the closeness of the vote
on the question of earthenware, I did not
follow it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to strike out would not have been in order. It
would have been merely reversing the pend-
ing motion, which was to insert the clause.
Mr. SCOTT. I will reserve it until we get
into the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator by a sepa-
rate vote in the Senate can accomplish his
purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move a reconsideration?
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would just as lief have
the vote taken now as at any other time. I
would rather settle these matters as we go
along than to have votes postponed until we
are all tired out.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; I move to strike
out the latter part of the paragraph.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves to reconsider
the vote by which the last amendment was
adopted.
Mr. SCOTT. No; I move to strike out the
remaining part of the paragraph,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is an
equivalent motion. The clause was not in the
bill, and the question was on the amendment
putting it in the bill. That question has been
decided in the affirmative, and the Senator
from Pennsylvania now moves to reconsider.
Mr. SCOTT. I will reserve the motion
until we get into the Senate.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section two, after line sixty-
four, to insert:
On all leather not otherwise herein provided for,
and on all manufactures of skins, bone, ivory, horn,
and leather, and of which either of said articles is
the component part of eEief value.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out the
word "skins," and I hope and believe the com-
mittee will have no serious objection to it. It
is proposed now to make a reduction of ten
per cent, "on all leather not otherwise herein
provided for, and on all manufactures of skins,
bone, ivory, horn, and leather." Now, Isug-
gest that the word "skins," in addition to the
word" " leather," is not necessary, because it
hits nobody, as far as I know, except those
engaged in a little hamlet of my own State in
making glovfes, whieh is, in the language of
the Senator from New Jersey, a struggling
industry in its infancy. I think there will be
no objection to striking out the word " skins."
Mr. SHERMAN. That would extend not
only to skins used for gloves but would extend
to all the skins or hides imported from South
America.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg my honorable
friend's pardon ; he does not observe this
language: "and on all manufactures"—as it
will read then—" of bone, ivory, horn, and
leather." I aimply ask to strike out the word
"skins;" and if it will apply to anybody
except the women and children and the few
men engaged in making gloves in my State in
a little hamlet, I want to kuow to whom it
will apply.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under this hill, for the
first time for many years, we have thrown open
the doors to the admission of hides duty free.
The leather trade is the largest trade in the
United States. I am rather inclined to think
if you strike out the word "skins," those
skins may be converted into leather partially
oiled and dressed, and brought in in that way.
As we have allowed tanners to import skins
duty free, they certainly ought to be able to
afford a reduction of this duty of ten per cent.
If the Senator could confine it to skins used
for the manufacture of gloves, I should not so
much object. I would ask him, what skin is
used for the manufacture of gloves'!
Mr. CONKLING. The chamois.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is confined to that,
it is de minimis. As it is now proposed, it is
a question of great magnitude.
Mr. CONKLING. I think my honorable
friend, if he will reflect one moment, will see
that he is mistaken. He allows hides to come
in free, he says, for the first time. What*faas
that to do with the reduction of ten per cent.?
It will not apply to them at all. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. Manufactures of leather
are made out of these very hides.
Mr. CONKLING. But what is made out
of those hides unless it becomes a manufac-
ture of leather?
Mr. SHERMAN. A great many things.
Mr. CONKLING. What, for example?
Mr. SHERMAN. Leather, as I understand,
is tanned hides, and hides are manufactured
in various other forms that I am not familiar
with.
Mr. CONKLING. Whynotputin "hides"
in the place of "skins?" Now this attaches
to kid and chamois leather.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they can bear
the ten per cent, reduction, and we ought not
to make exceptions, and the Senator ought
not to ask it.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall certainly take
the sense of the Senate upon it, and I am quite
surprised that there should be any serious
objection to it. Here, as I said before, in one
little hamlet they are striving to make gloves,
and are making very nice gloves of a very low
grade, and are very near making very nice
gloves of a high grade. If anything is to be
