2-124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
informed by gentlemen from New York who
know them well, have capital enough to make
the road. There are $665,000 now subscribed
to the capital stock of this road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it subscribed in ?
Mr. LEWIS. It is to be paid. Nothing
will be demanded from the city of Washington
until this stock is paid in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatisnotthe question.
I asked my honorable friend what this con-
tract of subscription provides that the stock
shall, be paid for in.
Mr. LEWIS. In money, as 1 understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The charter, which after
a great amount of searching was found out of
the Senate Chamber, where I had carefully
tried to keep it, provides that these gentle-
men may subscribe 
Mr. CONKLING. What did you want to
keep it out of the Senate Chamber for ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I tried to keep it
in. It is a very interesting document. The
charter, my friend perhaps is ucft aware, pro-
vides that the capital stock sliall not be less
than $100,000 nor more than $4,000,000,
which shall be divided into shares. Then it
provides that the company may borrow money.
Then it provides that it shall bo lawful for the
company to receive not exceeding one hundred
thousand acres of land iu payment of subscrip-
tions of stock, and so on.
I will not call attention to the other pro-
visions at present. My inquiry was to know
precisely what sort of subscriptions have al-
ready been made and whether they are within
reach of the committee, so that we can see
them.
Mr. LEWIS. I have answered the gentle-
man that it is to be paid, as I am informed
by these gentlemen, in money, and the sub-
scription on the part of the District will not
be demanded by this company until they give
a sufficient guarantee that it will be paid.
This question was discussed elaborately by
those opposing it in the city ; there wore only
a handful o'f them ; and I will here state that
the members of the Board of Trade of the
District of Columbia are in favor of this bill
almost unanimously. The act was passed by
the District house of delegates by a vote of
17 for and 2 against it. The act was submitted
at the next general election to the qualified
voters of the District and approved by a vote
of 12,030 for to 605 against it—almost a unan-
imous vote, and a very full vote. I do not
suppose there ever was a fuller vote taken in
this city.
Now, as to the taking up of time, I did not
intend to say one word on this bill, if the
time of the Senate is consumed, the responsi-
bility will be upon those opponents who dis-
cuss this bill, and not upon the friends of the
measure.
Mr. NYE. I think I can give the honorable
Senator from Vermont some statistics. It
seems that this matter has been fully and duly
considered by the authorities of this city ; that
this is no hasty action. I have in my hand a
memorial to the Committee on the District of
Columbia of the United States Senate by the
Board of Trade of the QjWrict of Columbia,
which I will read :
To the Committee on the Distrirt of Columbia of the i
Urn-ted State# Senate :
The undersigned, members of the Board of Trade
of ttte Districtof Columbia,respectfully represent:
That in the mouth ol August last, the territorial
Legislature of tbo District passed an act which was
approved by the (governor 011 the 17th day of that
month, which contains the following provisions:
"Section 1. Be it enacted, That, provided that
this act shall be submitted to the people at the
next general election, and shall receive a majority
of the votes cast for members of the Legislative
Assembjy at such election; And provided farther,
That this act shall receive the approval and sanc-
tion of the Congress of the United States, the (*ov-
einor shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to sub-
scribe in the name of tho District ol Coluinbia to the
capital stock of the Piedmont and Potomac Kail-
road Company to an amount not exceeding 8000,000:
Provided, That before such subscription shall be
made, satisfactory evidence shall be furnished to
the Board of Public Works that such subscription
will be adequate for the purpose of completing the
grading of said road, and satisfactory guarantees
shall be given to said board that the amount so sub-
scribed shall be faithfully applied to said work."
That said act was passed in the bouse of delegates
by a vote of 17 in its favor to 2 against it, and in the
council by a vote of 8 in its favor to none against it.
Thatsaidact was submitted to the people at the
then next general election, and received a largema-
jority of the votes cast for members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly at such election, the vote being 12,039
in its favor to only 614 against it.
That a company has been organized, under a
charter granted by the State of Virginia, to con-
struct this road, and the sum of $665,000 of bona fide
subscriptions to its capital stock obtained, upon
which thepercentagerequired by lawhas been paid.
That the territorial Legislature, through its com-
mittee on railroads, has investigated the organiza-
tion of this company, and said committee made the
following report:
Your committee, to whom was referred the ac-
companying resolution, marked A, find that the
above-named road is properly organized, and that
bonajide subscriptions have been made to its stock;
also, that the officers have been duly elected lor the
company, and are now performing their functions.
Tho people all along tho proposed route have signi-
fied their willingness to cede the right of way over
their lands.
44 Your committee are of opinion that no farther
legislation is necessary to secure the interest of the
District of Columbia in the above road than is pro-
vided in 'An act to authorize a subscription to the
stock of the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany upon certain conditions.'"
That in case the subscription authorized by said
act, to the capital stock of said company is made,
there is no doubt but that said road will be speedily
constructed.
That in view of the vast benefits that will flow to
the people of the District from the construction of
this road we most earnestly request that Congress
will at once approve and sanction the act passed
by the territorial Legislature, and approved by the
people with such remarkable unanimity.
H. W. llall, Hall & Hume,
II. L. Zimmerman, Philp k Solomons,
W. 15. Moses, J. W. Boteler,
3<\ W. Brown, John T. Mitchell,
J.W. Collev, Joseph L. Savage,
Johnson & Colley, Goorsre W. Cochran,
William li.ltiley, M. W. Gait,
Hooe Brother, 11. Semken,
W. Wall, John L. Kidwell,
Wtill, liobinson k Co., Kiloy A. Shinn,
Samuel Lewis, Thomas llusseJJ,
C. Gautier, L. Esberg,
l'Vancis Ileyer, "W. fc>. Shepherd,
William (}. tty, Benjamin P. Morsel],
H. I). Boteler, C. W. Havenner &Co.,
Barbour <fc Hamilton, W. II. Ilarrover.
I will also present in this connection the
action of the Merchants' Exchange of George-
town ;
Merchants' Exchange,
Georgetown, D. 0.. February 1,">, 1872.
Resolved bp the Boanl of Trade of Georgetown, Dis-
trict oj Columbia, That we heartily ratify and re-
affirm the preamble and ievolutions passed by us,
July 5, 1S71. touching the Piedmont and Potomac
railroad enterprise : that our convictions of its great
importance to this District, so far from being in any
manner weakened, have on the other hand beeu
strengthened and confirmed; that we hav« undi-
minished confidence in thecompany recently organ-
ized to build the road, and are fully satisfied that,
with tho proposed cooperation of said District, the
work will be faithfully pushed to its speedy conclu-
si0n- EVAN LYONS, President.
Thomas C. Wheklkk, Secretary.
Now, Mr. President, the simple qnestion is
presented whether Congress will so far ratify
the proceedings thus far taken as to give them
the permission to complete this road. I am
somewhat of opinion myself with the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey in one respect,
and yet I do not believe the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, that pay their own money,
men of substance and of wealth, would ask for
this thing unless they thought it would be of
great advantage to this city.
Let the Senate, look for a moment at the
condition of our radroads in and near Wash-
ington. During our great war, during the
time of that, dreadful struggle, there was but
one little railroad running into Washington,
upon which they taxed the very humanity of
our nation. Another has been struggling to
get in, and it has had terrible hard work. It
knocks at the door of Washington. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey and a few others say
you can come to such a point and no further;
here the travel must be broken; here your
baggage must be reshipped ; here in the storm
and turmoil you have got to get out in the
stoi m and tempest and foot it or hire a con-
veyance across the town. For one, Mr. Presi-
dent, I am ashamed of the railroad facilities
in the capital of this nation. No other on
earth prohibits it. There is no other capital,
whether they have large and enlightened views
or contracted ones, where they do not regard
uninterrupted circulation from the center to
the extremities as necessary and important.
This road  
Mr. COLE. I think this debate is proceed-
ing by unanimous consent.
Mr. NYE. Do you object? The motion
to lay on the table was withdrawn. I hope
my friend will not be uneasy, for I am as anx-
ious to get the Indian appropriation bill out
of sight as he is.
Mr. COLE. If we enter on the grand sub-
ject of railroads I see no end.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senator from California
that he withdrew the motion to lay on the table
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLB. Some Senators objected to its
being withdrawn after the yeas and nays had
been ordered; but if it has been withdrawn, I
have nothing to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was regarded as withdrawn, no objection be-
ing made to its withdrawal.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg that we have this
way or the other. The Senator withdrew his
motion. I suggested that he could not do it,
the yeas and nays having been ordered. The
Chair then announced that he heard no objec-
tion, and the Senator was allowed to withdraw
it. Now the honorable Senator from Nevada
has the floor and the Senator from California '
cannot cut him off.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands the question.
Mr. COLE. I understood that some one
objected to the withdrawal of the motion, the
yeas and navs having been ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not hear any objection, and tolerated dis-
cussion, though the question to lay on the
table was not debatable. The Senator from
Nevada has the floor.-
Mr. NYE. 1 will try not to say anything
that will grate on the ear of my friend from
California. This road, 1 was about to say 
Mr. COLE. Anything that does not per-
tain to the appropriation bill is grating to me
just now. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I am in favor of the appropria-
tion bills, and never want to hear of another
one until next year. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. That is very evident.
Mr. NYE. These appropriation bills are
ghosts before us. If when the Senator gets
them up he would push them through with
tho vigor they ought to be pushed, we skouid
have had them out of the way. [Laughter.]
That ends that part of the story.
This road, Mr. President, makes another
avenue in and out of Washington, connecting
in such a way with the roads running through
Virginia as to make it. forty miles nearer from
New York to Cincinnati than by any other route.
Now, the question comes up whether this is
desirable, and whether it is a place and a
point of time in which my friend from New
Jersey should poise himself upon his high
pedestal and stand a mighty guardian of more
than one hundred thousand people here. I
assume that these men of business, these men
of property, understand their wants and ability
to pay as well as the distinguished Senator
from New Jersey.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will say to
my friend that I do not see why the men of
property do not subscribe to the stock.
Mr. NYE. They have subscribed $650,000.
I have read that since you went out.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Six hundred
and fifty thousand dollars is but a trifle. How
long is the road?
Mr. NYE. About sixty miles.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Six hundred
