1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
, Sir. TIPTON. I regret ,to arise when the
morning tour is so ia£ exhausted, but I have
a speech to make on this subject; it will run
beyoftd tie morning hour, and if some gentle-
man will get an extension of time for me. I will
g9*Cm and make my. remarks now. ["Go on."]
Mr. HARLAN. In view of the fact thelion-
orablo "Senator has stated and the other fact
that'my colleague [Mr. Weight] will be enti-
tled to the floor at one o'clock, I would move
that this matter be postponed, and that the
Senate" proceed to the consideration of the,
arms resolution.
, Mr, TRUMBHLL. Before that vote is put,"
if there shoukfTie no objection, I should like
to present the .amendment I suggested, "arid let
it Come, in at the end of this resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. While that is going to
the Chair "let me- make a suggestion ,to the
Senator from Iowa who proposes that this reso-
lution shall stand over. 1 know the morning
hour has almost expired; but I think we can
get a vote upon this matter in a few minutes.
It seems to me there cannot be much to de-
bate. Everybody will vote for a" general reso-
lution on this subject; there is no objection
to that; and it will not. I say to the Senator
from Missouri, delay one day the acquisition
of the information ; but in the mean time let
us have this. Now, unless there is some pros-
pect of delay, which I think there is not, I
ask the honorable Senator to let the Senator
from Nebraska bo heard ; it will be subject to
a demand for the regular order, of course; but
if we can vote in a few minutes let us do so.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
wili perceive it is an impossibility in view
of the statement made by the Senator from
Nebraska.
Mr. CONKLING. I only ask that it go on
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. First the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois will be re-
ported as he has desired to have it reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Senator from Illinois is to insert at the end of
ihe resolution:
And also that lie inform tho Senate whether tie
hoad of any Department has caused to be prepared
in his Department the tabulated statement, or any
part thereof, referred to in the following statement
made in the Senate by the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] on the 23d of February, 1872: "X saw
this afternoon a tabulated statement giving the
number of recommendations made in each Depart-
ment since the '4th of March, 3869, by the Senator
Ire in Illinois, [Mr. Trcmbcli,,] numbering one hun-
dred ana threeand if so, at whose instance and
ior what purpose said tabulated statement, or any
part thereof, was prepared; whether the head of
fcuoh Department at the same time caused like tabu-
lated statements to be prepared giving the number
of recommendations made by the other membersof
the Senate for tho same period.
Mr, CONKLING. I can see no objection
to that if the Senator wishes it. and I accept it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be adopted as
an amendment to that of the Senator from
Nebraska.
Mr. CONKLING-. No; I accept the amend-
ment as an amendment to the resolution. That
saves a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be ac-
cepted by the consent of the Senate. The
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it will be in order
to accept it presently, which I will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, this will bo regarded as an amend-
ment coming in at the close of the resolution ;
and the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
braska still remains pending, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordere'd. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the Senate resumes
the consideration of the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sdmner,] the
pending question being on the motion of the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment of
the Senator from New York [Mr. Coxkung]
was agreed to, and the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Wright] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
wishes to proceed I will not ask him to indulge
me one moment; but if it will be agreeable
to him to allow this matter to go on for a few
moments to see if we can get a vote, then I
will make that request. I beg to say, how-
ever, that I do not make it at all if he prefers
to proceed. " . ,
Mri WRIGHT. If I could be sure that we.
should have a.vote in five or ten minutes on
this resolution, I should not object; but if
there is any probability' that the debate will-
be protracted, I prefer to go on.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we can vote
presently.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Nebraska informs me that he expects
to occupy about half an hour.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I should not think
it courteous to press my request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolution having been changed
this morning will be ordered to be printed as
it now stands.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator from
Iowa proceeds, I beg to interrupt him once
more to call the attention of the Secretary to
an error in the printing of the resolution. The
word "such" is omitted in the fourth line
from the bottom between the words "any"
and "Senators." To make the resolution
consistent, the word "such" should occur
there, so as to read "whether any such Sena-
tors."
The VICE PRESIDENT. And "South
Carolina" will be omitted in the resolution,
and also in the text of the amendment, as it is
now by the unanimous consent of the Senate
excluded.
printing 01' a memorial.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. With the con-
sent of the_ Senator from Iowa I move that
the memorial which was presented yesterday
from a committee of an agricultural conven-
tion and referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represents
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution ; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1021) for the relief of
preemption settlers in the State of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 1760) explanatory of the
internal revenue actof June 30,1861, amended
by the act of July 13,1866, in relation to sirups,
jellies, mustards, sauces, and canned and pre-
served fruits, vegetables, and meats, enumer-
ated and taxed in schedule C of said acts
and acts amendatory thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 48) to settle and quiet the
titles to lands along the boundary line between
the States of Georgia and Florida;
A bill (H. R. No. 1761) extending the time
for dm completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal;
A bill (H. It. No. 1762) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to allow the print-
ing and impressions of currency notes and
bonds, &c., for the use of Heath & Co.:s
Counterfeit Detector; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) direct-
ing the Secretary of War to add the German
language in the United States Military Acad-
emy at West Point.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 383) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, Missouri;
A bill (H. It. No. 1417) for the relief of
George W. Morse; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1074) to provide for the
survey of the harbor and river at Washington
District of Columbia. '
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills: _
A bill (S. No. 384) extending the time for
the completion of the Green Bay and Stur-
geon Bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal, in
the State of Wisconsin; and
A bill (S. No. 392) to set apart a certain
tract of land lying near the headwaters of the
Yellowstone river as a public park. -
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 550) to constitute
Shreveport, in the State of Louisiana, a port
of delivery, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 675) granting to James D. Dana
the use of certain plates, and it was thereupon
signed by the Vice President.
sales of arms to french agents.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Sumxer on the
12th" instant.
Mr. MOKTON. For one I desire to express
the hope that we shall remain here to-day
until this discussion is closed and the vote has
been taken.
Sir. COLE. I concur in that.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, this debate
has been greatly protracted, taking a very wide
range; and yet I trust I shall be pardoned,
even at this late hour in the discussion, and
at the hazard of trespassing on the patience
of the Senate at a time when a vote is so anx-
iously desired, if I add a few words. Among
the last coming to a place in this body, and
counting myself, as I do, in all sincerity, and
especially in the presence of these crowded
galleries, among the humblest of those around
me, I nevertheless do not feel at liberty to
refrain from stating the considerations con-
trolling my action.
I suppose, Mr. President, as was suggested
yesterday by my friend from New Jersey, [Mr.
Frelixghuysen,] itwill not be deemed out of
order to discuss the measure now before us.
To avoid all questions at this point, however,
I shall possibly say enough upon some other
matters to bring myself within the practice if
not the rules of the Senate.
We have been in session, Mr. President, now
nearly three months. Almost one half the time
fixed by our action for the coutinuance of tho
session has expired, and yet what has been
done? I feel bound to say in all candor, next
to nothing. Before the adjournment in De-
cember^ upon the question of appointing a
"committee of investigation and reform," we
had a debate running through days and weeks.
The days were absolutely lost fixing the day
of final adjournment solely and entirely, as I
submit, because of an effort to attach condi-
tions as unprecedented in parliamentary pro-
ceedings as they were unnecessary and inex-
pedient. Following this we had the discussion
upon amnesty and what has been styled its
"twin measure, the civil rights supplement."
but which, in my judgment, was in no manner
germane to the text to which it was sought
to be attached—a discussion running through
another ten days, and ending, as every Senator
must have seen,^ becauseof the tactics pursued,
in the defeat of both, and this, too, in the face
and teeth of the fact that both, as independent
measures, might have passed in half the time
consumed by that debate. I say they wero
defeated by the tactics pursued by some of the
friends of both rather than the enemies of
either, for it is now. obvious, as it clearly was
to every unprejudiced mind during the pro-
tracted struggle, that the measures conjoined
lost votes sufficient to defeat them, which they
certainly would have had, and that, too, in suffi -
cient numbers, when disconnected, to have
carried either separately.
For myself, I may say in passing, that while
I would vote for the civil rights bill, amended
