1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2125
thousand dollars to build a railroad sixty
miles long!
Mr. NYE. This makes $1,250,000, and that
will grade the road.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. For sixty miles ?
Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. Yes, it will.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I know more
about railroads than that.
Mr. NYE. My friend knows more about
railroads, I guess, than he does about improv-
ing Washington. I have noticed one tiling,
how tender our brother Senators get when they
buy houses here. [Laughter.] Then they
stand in nearer relation and are given to
guardianship over the people.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the per-
mission of my friend, I will say that he has hit
the very point. I have no doubt my friend
would vote for this money. I have no doubt
that those 12,000 who voted for it probably
had very little interest in the c-ity. There were
12,000 who did not vote for it, who, I under-
stand, are generally opposed to this bill. This
is sheeriy a question of dollars and cents. It
is all a matter of business whether it is prof-
itable for the city of Washington, and the
property-holders in the city of Washington, to
invest $000,000 in this railroad; and if I and
the other property-holders of the city of Wash-
ington believe that it is not a good investment,
is the best possible evidence that the city should
not be committed to it.
Mr. .NYE. No gentleman has a higher
opinion of my friend from New Jersey limn I
have myself; and yet I will venture for this
once to put the judgment of the 12,000 men
that did vote against his, and let it be weighed.
I undertake to say that these men are the
judges for themselves. Now, who doubts^ that
it would be an advantage to the city of Wash-
ington? This is the end of every place. Now
you come to the Potomac, and you have got
to come across on the ice or in a wagon or a
most uncomfortable omnibus to get to a point
from which you can start for New Jersey where
my friend resides.no matter what the weather.
Here at this focal point, right here at the cap-
ital of the nation, we have to-day one little road
that backs in and backs out. This people ask
for permission to get another outlet and an-
other inlet to make perfect a great line of
communication from New York to the Ohio
river.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Do I understand
my friend to say that this is a question whether
a railroad company shall be permitted to come
in and go out of this city ?
Mr. NYE. I understand that this is pre-
cisely the question : whether the citizens shall
be permitted to judge for themselves whether
it will increase the property and the prosperity
of this city to give this corporate subscription.
That is what I understand it to be, and of that
I say they are the judges. My_ friend can
make nothing out of those who did not vote,
for the stay-aways always vote with the major-
ity. But who did vote ? The men of property,
the men who feel an interest in the future of
this city, the men who want to accommodate
the traveling public and benefit their city at
the same time. They are those who have voted
on this question.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word?
Mr. NYE. You have not bought a house
here too, have you? [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am about buying one.
Mr. NYE. That accounts for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Nevada that the men of pioperty
who wish to make safe investments will be
sure not to invest in this railroad. If they
wish to invest in it, they have ample oppor-
tunities to do so, and not bind the property of
other people. .
Mr. NYE. Perhaps the next species ot
legislation that Congress will indulge in toward
this District, that is crippled in every way pos-
sible, will be to propose to form a commission;
and if so, I should recommend iny distin-
guished friend from South Carolina as presi-
dent of the commission, to tell this people
what they do want and what they do not want.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I would keep them out
of debt if they did. [Laughter.]
Mr. N YE. Then, ot' course, he is aptly fitted
for the place ; but it is about as much as any
people can well do to attend to their own
business properly; and when I see men do
it I propose to aid thorn if I can. If all the
reports are true that I have read from the
State which the honorable Senator represents,
he has not kept it out, of debt, and it has
had his guardianship and that of others.
Mr. President, it is not a new thing in the
world that an advance of credit of $600,000
makes $1,200,000, or twice $1,200,000, ad-
vance in the property of a city like this. What
makes the property of this city valuable, 1
venture to assert to my friend from New Jer-
sey, is ready and easy access to and from it.
Washington is to be the American winter
Newport. The gentlemen who come here and
buy places to settle, and look upon the House
of Representatives and everything that is to
be seen here, are coming here to stay and
spend their money and their time. Now, is
it wise to say thai this city shall not do this?
They have spoken by authority, through all
their constituted authorities. They say it is
best. Now, my friend from South Carolina
says it is not, and let that be an end_ of it.
No, sir ; no, these men are not served in this
way.
Mr. CALDWELL. I wish to ask a ques-
tion. I ask the Senator from Nevada where
this railroad starts?
Mr. NYE. It starts from Washington; its
particular junction I do not, know, but it con-
nects with the road to Cincinnati that runs
through Virginia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What, road does it con-
nect with ?
Mr. NYE. My friend from Virginia can tell.
Mr. LEWIS. It starts at or near the Chain
bridge, opposite Georgetown, or at the Long
bridge, or at some intermediate point.
Mr. CALDWELL. With what road does
it connect?
Mr. LEWIS. It connects with the Shenan-
doah Valley railroad, which will connect with
the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad, which is
now about being completed to the Ohio river.
Mr. NYE. It makes a continuous route
directly through from New York to Cincinnati.
Mr. LEWIS. Through the most fertile
portion of Virginia.
Mr. SPENCER. There is already a con-
tinuous route now running.
Mr. LEWIS. No ; it is very circuitous.
Mr. SPENCEIl. There is a road from
heie to Staunton, Virginia, and this proposed
line is only sixteen miles shorter.
Mr. NYE. I have said about all that I
desire to say on this bill. These people here
are not so utteily and hopelessly stupid as to
require the especial guardianship of the Con-
gress of the United States m this particular,
it is a business transaction, one upon which
they have spoken authoritatively, and there-
fore their voice is entitled to be heeded.
Before I sit down I offer—which I think will
answer all the objections of my friend from
New Jersey and others—the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Provided, That no part of said subscription by
said District shall be paid until al toast an otjual
amount subscribed by private parties shall have
been actually paid in cash and expended m the
construction of the road.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply wish to
say, as the Senator from Nevada puts it in that
shape, that that in 110 measure answers my
objection. My objection to the whole measure
is'that it is not the business of this city to sub-
scribe to railroad stock; that a subscription of
§000,000 is a very poor capital for them to
make this investment, and if the stock isash-e
says, there are abundant capitalists who "will
take it.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from New
Jersey allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LEWIS. Would it not be just as well
for the Senator to allow the property-holders
of this city to attend to their own business in
that respect?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That question
has been put rather discourteously two or three
times.
Mr. LEWIS. I disclaim any want of court-
esy to the Senator.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not mean .
personal discourtesy; I mean that the sub-
ject itself is discourteous to the Senate. What
has the law done ? The law has made it our duty
to judge on this subject—that is our busi-
ness—and when a Senator, in the discharge
of that duty which is imposed upon him by the
law, exercises his discretion, he is to be asked
on the one side by one Senator whether he is
influenced by the fact that he has bought prop-
erty, or, on the other side, by another Sen-
ator, whether Congress had not better mind
its own business. That is just what our busi-
ness is. I have no interest in this subject and
no feeling about it; but 1 understand that I
am discharging my legitimate duty in candidly
and frankly expressing my opinions in refer-
ence to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ne-
vada, and the Senator from Vlrginia, who prob-
ably has a much deeper interest in this rail-
road than any of us 
Mr. LEWIS. I did not hear that. I should
like to hear the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say the Senator from
Nevada, and the Senator from Virginia, who
probably has a much deeper imerest in this
railroad than any of us, as I believe it is to go
to his door 
Mr. LEWIS. I will state, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from Vermont, that I have
no pecuniary interest in this road. 1 have no
interest in it whatever, except that it will go
thiough the most fertile portion of my State,
pass through my own county, and the interest
which 1 have in common with every Senator
here in the city of Washington and District of
Columbia. I have no pecuniary interest in the
matter whatever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was quite sure my
honorable friend had not, and I think it per-
fectly safe to say that as a prudent and reason-
able man he never will have. [Laughter.]
What I say is, he being a citizen of one of the
counties in the upper Shenandoah valley, and
wishing to have a railroad out of there to this
city, and to all other places where he may wish
to go, is very willing to see my property in the
city of Washington taxed against my will, to
make me astockholder in this company against
my will, to build a railroad that will lead to
this town.
Mr. LEWIS. With the permission of the
Senator (iom Vermont I will make this prop-
osition to him: if he will give me the en-
hancement of the value of his property here
by this railroad, I will pay his tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to my honorable friend. I have not got so
poor yet that I cannot pay my own taxes; but
I do not know but tha,r, 1 shall if this District
government goes on in the way it has set out.
Mr. LEWIS. I meant that part of the taxes
caused by the aid to this road, of course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. These two Senators, to
go back again and begin, seem to have for-
gotten that the Constitution of the United
States declares that it is the business of Con-
gress to legislate for the District of Columbia
in all cases whatsoever. It is not, therefore,
the business of the people in this District,
either collectively or severally, or any part of
them, to make laws for this District, to take
priva'e property for public use. The Consti-
