1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3021
in saiil amendment, where it first occurs, the word
" two," and inoert in lieu thereof the word " four;"
and tile Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the eighty-fourth
amendment, of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word "three," where it
oceurs the second time, in line eight of the said
House amendment, down to and including the words
" per annum," in line nine, and in line nine strike
out the word "three" and insert in lieu the word
"seven ;" and in line seventeen of said House
amendment strike out the words "six thousand"
and insert in lieu thereof "five thousand six hun-
dred;*' and the House agree to the" same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninetieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendmentt in iine
four of said amendment strike out the word " fifty,"
and insert in lieu thoroof the words "twenty-five;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the ninety-second
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: substitute in lieu of
the first clause of said House amendment the follow-
ing: "that a commission, consisting of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the chief engineer of the Army,
and the officer in charge of public buildings and
grounds, is hereby authorized and directed to ex-
amine and report to Congress prior to the second
Monday of December next, a plan by which the
locomotive railroad track in front of the western
entrance of the Capitol shall be removed, with due
regard to the rights of all parties concerned, and by
which proper connections with other railroads may
be made;" and the House agree to the same.
That the Ilouse recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-third amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same, "with an amendment as follows: sunsti-
tute in lieu thereof the following: "that from and
after the 1st d;iy of July, 1872, the annual salaries
of the Second Comptroller, of the Register, and of
the supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment, shall be $1,000 each; and the annual salary of
the judges of theCourtof Claims shall be St,500 each,
and a sufficient sum to carry into effect the provis-
ions of this section to the end of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1873, is hereby appropriated;" and the
Senate agree to the *ame.
C. COLE,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
Managers on the part ot the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
F. OLARKE,
Managers on the part of the House.
The Secretary having read a portion of the
report,
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from California if the bill remains
mainly unchanged, as the report of this com-
mittee lias been read twice before, it is un-
necessary to read it over, but let him state
any change that has been made since the last
report.
Mr. COLE. There is a new portion of it in
writing which can be read.
The Chief Clerk read that portion of the
report which relates to the thirty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate.
The report was concurred in.
StON II. ROGKTIS.
Mr, MORTON. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report from the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For action or
for reception merely ?
Mr. MORTON. I repoit back the bill (H.
R. No. 2617) to lemove the legal and political
disabilities of Sion H. Rogers. 1 will state
that Mr. Rogers has been elected a member
ot the other House, but he cannot, be sworn
until his disabilities are removed. I ask
unanimous consent to put the bill on its pas-
sage. It has passed the other House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object. It is a bill
that never ought io pass. I shall have some-
thing to say on that, subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed oti the Calendar.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IX NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. POOL. I ask that I be allowed to call
up a bill for present action in regard to the
western judicial district of North Carolina.
It is a local matter, and it is important thai
it should be acted on promptly.
The VICE PRE31DEN T._ Pending the
Post Office appropriation bill, the Senator
from North Carolina asks leave to call up a
bill reported by him yesterday from the
Judiciary Committee to establish a new judi-
cial district in North Carolina.
Mr. WINDOM. I willyield to this one bill
if it gives rise to no debate. If it does I shall
insist on the regular order.
Mr. POOL. I think there will be no debate
on it. It is House bill No. 2192 to establish
a western judicial district of North Carolina,
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. The Sen-
ator from Illinois who objected yesterday is
not present.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made the bill cannot be considered at this
time.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up House bill No. 2048, It will
only take three minutes.
Mr. WINDOM. There is so much confusion
in the Hall that I cannot hear.
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Virginia asks unanimous consent to take
up a House bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I must insist on the regu-
lar order.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to be
allowed to present a petition.
Mr. WINDOM. I will not object to the
reception of routine morning business.
The VICE PRESIDEN I. The Chair will
receive the ordinary morning business.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition
of Henry B. Goodyear, administrator of Nel-
son Goodyear, deceased, late of New Haven,
Connecticut, praying for an extension of the
patent for the manufacture of light India-rub-
ber for the term of seven years; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
soldiers and sailors, in favor of the passage of
the bill incorporating the National Union Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training-
School Association ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented eighteen petitions of
officers of the Army of the United States,
praying for the passage of a law to equalize
promotions in the several arms of the ser-
vice ; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of officers of
the third United States cavalry, praying that
William P. Bambridge may not be reinstated
as first lieutenant ill their regiment; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the
petition of Mrs. Anna M. Orne, of New Jer-
sey, praying for indemnity for certain losses
sustained by her, occasioned by the United
States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr, POOL presented additional papers in
the case of Mrs. Martha Barker, of Marion
county, Florida, praying compensation for
damages done by tbe Seminole Indians in
1849 to her property; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a petition of soldiers of
the late war, praying an increase of pension
to those who are permanently disabled by loss
of limbs, or of both eyes, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
report a bill in conformity with the prayer of
the petition.
I will state for the information of the Sen-
ate that this bill amends the first section of the
pension law of the 6th of June, 1866, which
fixes the different rates of pensions for persons
disabled in the military and naval service of
the United States. To tho first class, embrac-
ing those who have lost the sight of both eyes,
or who have lost both hands, the old law gave
a pension, of twenty-five dollars a month. This
bill increases that pension to thirty dollars a
month, or twenty per cent. The law of 1866
gave to those persons in the military or naval
service who had lost both feet, or who had lost
one hand and one foot, twenty dollars a month.
The present bill increases that pension to
twenty-four dollars a month. The law of 1866
gave to those persons who had lost one hand
or one foot a pension of fifteen dollars a month.
This bill increases the rate of pension to eight-
een dollars a month. As this bill is one of
general importance to thi3 unfortunate class
of our fellow-citizens, I ask that it may be
printed.
The bill (S. No. 1073) increasing the rates
of pension to certain persons therein described
was read, and passed to the second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed, of course, under the rule.
ROBERT A. MAYO.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I renew the request to
take up and consider House bill No. 2048.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota object?
Mr. WINDOM. I agreed with the Senator
from Virginia that I would not object if it did
not give rise to debate.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2048) for the relief of Robert A. Mayo, of
Richmond. Virginia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think when we
are on the Post Office bill we ought to take
up claims bills unless there be something
peculiar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill cannot be
considered.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1072) for the better pres-
ervation of harbors, havens, roads, channels,
navigable rivers, lakes, and other navigable
waters within the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1070) making appropriations for the
service of the Post, Office Department for
the year ending June 30, 1873, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, in line eight of
section four to strike out "$500,000" and
insert '• SI,000,000 " as the appropriation
for "steamship service between San Fran-
cisco, Japan, and China."
The VICE PRESIDENT. On amendments
to this bill debate is limited under the new
rule to five minutes by each Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. I have some reports to
make, but I will delay them until to-morrow,
the morning hour to-day having been other-
wise occupied.
Mr. STOCKTON-. I do not rise to address
the Senate; but I think before the vote is
taken on this amendment it is proper I should
let the Senate know that I intend, when the
opportunity occurs, to offer the following
amendment. After the word "construction,"
on the seventh page, in the sentence, "that all
steamships hereafter accepted for said service
shall be of not less than four thousand tons
register each, and wholly of American con-
struction," I propose to add:
And shall be so constructed as to be readily adapted
to the armed naval service of the United States in
time of war; and before being accepted, the officers
by whom they are inspected shall report to the
Secretary of the Navy and the Postmaster general
whether this condition has been complied with.
I do not think that it is possible, without
making it very onerous to the steamship com-
pany, to build such vessels as we would build
for our Navy if we were building them for
that purpose; and this amendment, therefore.
