1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator from
Maryland objects to the third reading of the
bill, and as it requires unanimous consent for
its third reading to-day, it will go over.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY. As we have not been able
to complete the morning business, I ask that
we proceed by unanimous consent with the
introduction of bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair wiil receive regular routine
morning business. The call has now reached
the introduction of bills. The Chair hears no
objection, and the Chair will entertain requests
for leave lo introduce bills.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
448) to establish a system of deposits, to pre-
vent desertion, and elevate tbe condition of the
rank and fiie of the Army; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
449) authorizing the issue of clothing to cer-
tain enlisted men of company B, fourteenth
regiment of infantry; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a bill that has
been prepared with a view of meeting the
recommendation of the General Land Office
and of the Secretary of tbe Interior, in refer-
ence to consolidating the two systems of
cnteiing upon public lands. The one system
is under the homestead law of 1862, and the
other is under the preemption law of 1841.
This bill has been drafted with a view of meet-
ing the recommendation to consolidate those
two different systems of entry into one It
repeals the two former laws, and the design
of it is to substitute this in place of the pres-
ent law.
Byuuanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 450) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain ;
and it was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 451) for the relief of Jefferson W.
Davis; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, andby unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
452) extending the limits of the UnitedStat.es
court for the southern district of Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to tn-
tioduce a bill (S. No. 453) to facilitate internal
commerce; which was read twice by its title.
Mr DAVIS, of West Virginia. I wish to
explain that this bill is for the purpose of
incorporating the locomotive engineers of the
United States into a general corporation to
protect their interests. As there may be some
question of power involved in this case, [ wish
to have the bill referred lo the Committee on
the Judiciary, but for mycelf I believe that it
is right and jast and ought to pass. There are
a very large number ot' men in the United
Slates engaged on railroads whom it would
benefit. 1 move that the bill bo printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No 455)
to amend an act entitled "An act to authorize
protection to be given to citizens of the United
States who may discover deposits of guano,1'
approved August 18. 18-jC; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be psinted.
navy report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution :
liesolved Ly the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring.) That there be printed for the
use of the Navy Department twenty-five hundred
copies of the last annual report of the Secretary of
the Navy, with such of the additional documents as
the Secretary may select.
This has been considered by the Committee
on Printing, and a similar resolution was passed
by the Senate for the printing of two thousand
copies. This provides for five hundred addi-
tional copies, and it has been found necessary
to make it a concurrent instead of a Senate
resolution. I ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I ask that the Sen-
ate resolution to the same effect, which was
passed before the recess, be rescinded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection that order will be made, and the
House of Representatives informed thereof.
The Chair hears no objection, and it is so
ordered.
papeks withdrawn and referred.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask for an order
authorizing the withdrawal of the papers of
Keziali Hoburt, which were filed for a pen-
sion. The applicant has died, so that there
is no interest pecuniarily connected with the
matter; but there are some family papers
which the family desire to have withdrawn for
the purpose of keeping them.
Leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. CARPENTER, it was
Ordered, That Ambrose Morrison have leave to
withdraw from the flies of the Senate his memorial
and papers.
On motion of Mr. BROWNLOW, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of the
Winchester and Alabama Railroad Company be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia,
it was
Ordered, That the papers in the claim of Charity
Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons, No. Ill, Har-
per's Jerry, West Virginia, bo taken from the files
ot the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
contested land cases.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire what farther legislation, if any,
is necessary to give land officersthe power to compel
the attendance of witnesses in contested or other
cases, and whether it would bo advisable to give
power to United States commissioners to hear anu
determine cases of contest; and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
land entries.
Mr. WRIGHT also submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law that in all cases where a preemption or
homestead entry or claim is set aside by the decision
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, the
contestants shall, by notice from the local landoflicc,
have ten or more (lavs within which to again make
proof or assert their claims, before the same shall be
subject to entry by other persons; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
ohio river and mobile railway.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
reciucstcd to inform the Senate if the line or railway
from the mouth of tbe Ohio river to the city ot Mo-
bile has been completed, as contemplated bv the act
of Congress of 1850, donating lands m tlio btatcai ol
Mississippi and Alabama in aid of the construction
of snid line of railway; and if not, wnat portion
remains unfinished, and what steps, it any, have
been taken to secure the completion of paid railway.
chicago flllb.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to give notice, as I
understand to-morrow will be occupied with
another matter, that if I can obtain the floor
on Friday I shall move to take up Senate bill
No. 364, legalizing the issue of food, blankets,
&e., to the sufferers by'fire at Chicago, for the
purpose of presenting my views to the Senate
in reference to it.
power of appointment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask leave to offer a
resolution, to be laid on the table, and I give
notice that at an early day I shall ask the Sen-
ate to proceed to its consideration, for the
purpose of submitting some remarks on the
recent political delusion called "civil service
reform," by transferring the patronage of the
Government from the officers in whom the
Constitution vests it to a board of school-
masters to sit in Washington.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Whereas the Constitution of the United States re-
quires the President to nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate to appoint, all
officers of tbe United States whoscappojntments are
not in said Constitution otherwise provided for, and
which shall be established by law, subject to the
power of Congress by law to vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they may think proper in
tho President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments: Therefore,
Resolved, That any law or regulation which is de-
signed to relieve the President, and in the cases
pertaininc to them the courts of law or heads of
Departments, of the full responsibility of such nom-
inations or appointments, is in violation of the Con-
stitution.
soldiers' discharges.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for con-
sideration the bill (S. No. 300} to prohibit the
retention of soldiers' discharges by claim
agents and attorneys.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tbe Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that any claim
agent, attorney, or other person engaged in
the collection of claims for pay, bounty, pen-
sion, or other allowances for any soldier,
sailor, or marine, or for any commissioned
officer of the military or naval forces, who
shall improperly retain or refuse to deliver
the discharge papers of any such soldier, sailor,
or marine, or commissioned officer, shall be
deemed guiity of a misdemeanor, and shall,
upon conviction, be punished by fine not ex-
ceeding $500, or by imprisonment, not. exceed-
ing six months, or both, at the discretion of
the court, and shall thereafter be debarred
from prosecuting any such claim in any exec-
utive department of the Government.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs with an amendment, which
was, after the words " naval forces," in line
six, to insert the words '_'or who may have
been a soldier, sailor, marine, or officer of the
regular or volunteer army forces."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
land at sag harbor.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. G8, providing for the sale of land be-
longing to the United States situated at Sag
Harbor, Suffolk county, in the State of New
York.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider tbe bill. It authorizes the Secretary
of War to sell, at such time and in such man-
ner as he may deem most advantageous to the
interests of the Government, a certain piece
of land in the village of Sag llarbor. Suffolk
county, State of New York, containing one
hundred square feet, as conveyed to the Uni-
ted States by deed from Henry P. Dering ami
Anna, his wile, bearing date the 11th day of
November, 1811, on which land was erected a
powder house for the use of a battery of artil-
lery stationed at Sag Harbor during (lie war
of 1812 and 1814; that the proceeds arising
from the sale, alter paying the attendant, ex-
penses, are to be paid into the Treasury of
