334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the United Stales in the same manner as the
proceeds from the sale of other public hinds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
M0MJMENT AT P1TTSFIELD.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House joint resolution No. 50, donating cer-
tain condemned cannon for a soldiers' monu-
ment.
'J'he motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committte of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It authorizes
the Secretary of War, if the same can be done
without detriment to the Government, to issue
and deliver six condemned cannon and twenty-
four cannon-halls to the corporate authorities
of the town of Pittsfield. Massachusetts, for
the purpose of aiding in the erection of a, sol-
diers' monument at that place.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 393, to authorize the discon-
tinuance of certain grades in the military
service.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
It provides in the first section that the extra
limtenants in the artillery, cavaliy, and in-
fantry regiments, authorized by the act entitled
" An act to increase and Ox the military peace
establishment of the United States," approved
July 28, 1800, and now serving as regimental
adjutants and quartermasters, shall be assigned
to regimental vacancies as they occur in those
grades; and thereafter the grade of extra lieu-
tenant shall be discontinued, and vacancies
occurring in that grade shall not, be filled.
Section two provides that I he grades of com-
pany artificer and company wagoner shall be
abolished, and the duties pertaining thereto
performed by enlisted men detailed for extra-
duty service and employed under direction of
the quartermaster's department. The grade
of quartermaster sergeant for companies of
artillery, cavalry, and infantry are also to be
abolished, and the duties pertaining thereto
performed by the first sergeant. The enlisted
men serving in the several grades hereby abol
i«hed are to be discharged unless they shall
elect to remain in service in such other non-
commissioned grades as may now or hereafter
be available for th'ir assignment.
It is provided in the third section that, in
lieu cf the veteiinary surgeons now authorized
by law, there shall hereafter be two \eterinary
surgeons to each regiment of cavalry, at a
compensation c.f $100 each per month.
Section four provides that any enlisted man
of the Army may deposit his sa'ving-;, in sums
of not loss than five dollars, with any Army
paymaster, who shall furnish him with a civ ck-
book, in which shall be entered the name of
the paymaster and of the soldier, and the
amount, da'e. and place of such deposit. The
money so deposited shall be accounted for in
the s-ame manner as other public funds. and
shall uot be subject to forfeiture by sent'nee
of court-martial or otherwise, nor "permitted
to be drawn until final payment on discharge,
or to the heirs of a deceased .soldier.
Section five provides that the age at which
mutie boys may be enlisted shall hereafter be
not loss than twelve years, but no other recruit
shall bo cnl sted under the age of twenty-one
years, to be de'ermined by his own oath, which
oath shall in all cases bo conclusive, and suf-
ficient.cause for rejection of applications for
discharge on the ground of minority.
'J he Committee on Miliiary Affairs reported
an amendment.^ to add the following words at
the end of section four:
And for all sueh money so deposited with pay-
masters, they shall bo, and hereby at o made, resi/ous-
ible to the depositors upon their official tjnruls to
the United States Government for its faithful cus-
tody and repayment.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to strike out the
entire fourth section, as 1 have introduced this
morning a bill which is very well drawn and
guarded, covering this point, which has ret-' ived
the sanction of eminent officers in the pay de-
partment. Therefore I propose to strike out
this entire section, and pass the bill without it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to strike out the fourth
section, and if that is done the reported amend-
ment will fall with the section. If there be no
objection the motion to strike out will be re-
garded as agreedto. Thatamendmentismade.
Thebi 11 was reported tothe Senateasamend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the b'll pass?
Mr. STOCKTON. I understand that one
section has been stricken out of the bill.
I observed when the bill was read that there
was a clause in it which made the oath of the
recruit conclusive evidence that he was over
twenty-one years of age. I ask the Chair if
that is still in the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That provision
remains in section five, which is still part of the
bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. It seems tomethatthat
is a very bad provision. It may protect the
Army from imposition, and it is undoubtedly
put in for that purpose; but certainly it is a very
bad law for all the other interests of the com-
munity. Suppose a boy runs away. He may
be only twelve years of age. A form is gone
through which he hardly understands. When
the parent finds his truant child and claims
him, the answer is, " He is over twenty-one ;
he has sworn to it; and the law makes that oath
conclusive." Now, it is much better that the
officers who are recruiting for the service should
be more cautious, that they should judge for
themselves, that the physicians making the
examination should judge, and thatthe service
itself should suffer a little, rather than that we
should shame the whole spirit of our institu-
tions and talie a child conclusively away from
his parents when he owes service to them, to
which they have a right up to the age of twenty-
one years. I certainly cannot vote for the bill
with such a clause in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will regard the bill as not
having passed to its third reading, as it so
passed sub silentio. If the Senator from New
Jersey desires to move an amendment, the Chair
will receive the amendment. Does the Sen-
ator move to strike out the fifth section ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask the Chair whether
one objection will cause' the bill to go over
until to-morrow?
l'he\ ICE PRESIDENT. No: it was read
twice on a previous day, and is now before the
Senate, having been regularly taken up on
motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then I move to strike
out the fifth section.
Mr. WILSON. I regret that, the Senator
from New Jersey has made that motion, at
least in the term of striking out the entire sec
tion. The section provides for the enlistment
of music boys not less than twelve years of age.
That is recommended by the Secretary of \Var
in his report, and there should certainly be no
objection to it. Then it says, "but no other
recruitshalt be enlisted under the age oftwenty-
one years.'' We now enlist at eighteen, and
the Secretary of War wishes that we shall not
enlist any under twenty-one years of age ; but
there must be something to determine the
age, and it is provided in the section that the
recruit's oath shall be conclusive that he is
twenty-one years of age. 1
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Strike that out. j
Mr. WILSON., I suppose the objection is i
to making the recruit's oath conclusive that he
is twenty- one. I suggest to the Senator, if he
objects to that provision, that ho move simply
to strike out that portion of the fifth section,
the other portions of it being right.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 had never seen the
bill, and I had not a copy of it before rue when
1 made the motion. It has just been handed
me, and I accede most cheerfully to the request
of the clia'rman. All I wish to s'rike out is
the provision making the recruit's oath con-
clusive as to ag". I so modify my motion.
The VICE PJLIESI DEN I'. The Senator from
New J< rsey moves to strike out all the words
of the fifth section after the word "years,'1 in
line four, being as follows:
To be determined by liis own oath, and said oath
shall in all cases be cunclusivc and sutlieient cause
for rejection of applications tor discharge on the
ground of minority.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to offer an
amendment. The fifth section provides that
music boys may be enlisted at twelve years of
age. I wish to offer an amendment that no
enlistment of boys of any age shall take place
without the consent of the boy's parent or
guardian. Jly amendment is therefore to add
these words:
Provided, That no boy shall be enlisted of that
age, or of any other age in his minority, without the
written consent of the paient or guardian of such
child."
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading : and was read the third time,
and passed.
SABAII EVANS.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to take up bill
No. 390, granting a pension to Sarah Evans.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 390) granting a pension to Sarah
Evans was considered as iu Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. There is a report with
the bill among the papers, which can lie rend.
While it is being hunted up I will state what
the bill is.
This is a bill which was reported by the
Pension Committee and passed unanimously
by the Senate during the last Congress. The
petitioner is the mother of a soldier in the
Army of the United States who was honorably
discharged at a military post in Arizona, either
because his term of service had expired or
beeause of ill health ; I forget now which it
was. A day or two alter his discharge a train
in which he was was attacked by the Indians,
and he lost his life with other soldiers, defend-
ing that tiain. Had ho lost his life while he
was iu the service this pension would ha\e
been payable to his mother; but he lost it a
day or two after he had been discharged, but
while he was actually and in fact, though not
legally, in the service of the country. Under
these circumstances, the man not having had
time to get home at all, having lost his life
while he was actually serving the Government,
though not then legally bound to nvlitary ser-
vice, the committee thought it a proper case
for relief, in lact, such cases have commended
themselves to the consideration of Congress
heretofore, and the committee thought i' proper
to provide that the mother should have the
pension to which she would have be^n entitled
had the son been killed two day- before The
b.U passed the Senate unanimously before, and
I hope it, will again.
'The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ASIATIC COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 70, winch is on the Calendar.
'I he, motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 70) to facilitate cmrierce between the
United States and China, Japan, and the
countries of A;<ia, was considered as in Com-
