2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
tution forbids it, and declares that we are the
sole judges first and last as to whether private
property is to be burdened in this town ; and
we ought as a duty to the humblest citizen, if
he be only one, to see to it that no majority of
his fellow-citizens, by whatever motives they
may be actuated, or in whatever interest they
may be acting, shall oppress him or shall take
a penny from his pocket. That is the busi-
ness that the people of this nation have re-
posed in us, and it will not do for the honor-
able Senator from Virginia or the honorable
Senator from Nevada to undertake to de-
clare that we are meddling with the public
' will of sovereign States who are deciding upon
matters relating to their own concerns. If
they would devote a part of tbeir time to read-
ing the Constitution, it might be an advantage
possibly.
Now, I beg leave to ask the Senate whether
it, thinks in the present condition of this coun-
try and of public law it is an altogether wise
experiment in any case to authorize the inhab-
itants of a municipal corporation by a majority
to lake a part of the property of the other in-
habitants and put it into the stock of a private
corporation; whether it comports with the
rights ofcitizenslup, with the private rights that
government is instituted to establish, to compel
a private citizen to contribute a portion of bis
property in order that he may become, either
directly or by representation, a stockholder in
a private corporation which is managed for
private interests, which puts its profits into its
own pocket, or which sutlers its losses to be
paid out of its pocket? Is it the business of
the sovereign power to deal with tiie private
property of the citizen in that way? These
are questions which, if they are not offensive
to the honorable gentlemen who are promoting
this bill, I should like them to consider a little.
There is a principle in it, and if experiments
of this character are to be carried on, and you
are to determine that every town in every State
may by a majority, not of its tax payers, Imt
of its voters, independent of any question re-
lating to how much they will have to contrib-
ute, take the property of their neighbors for
private purposes, you will find the day come
when •' the sober second thought" of the peo-
ple will revolt against such a usurpation of
power.
Now, Mr. President, let us come to the
practical question. Ilere arc the people of this
District just sot up into one consolidated gov-
ernment with an old debt incurred by the
cities of Washington and Georgetown for just
such putposes, which has been a direct drain
upon their treasury, a squander and waste of the
property of the citizens, and which, instead of
its bringing any return to the cities, stands*as
a dead loss to-day upon their hooks.
Mr. LEWIS. U as that debt contracted for
railroads to conic into the city?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my honorable friend
will possess his soul in patience for a minute,
1 assure him I will not neglect his case. I
hive in my hand the only document with which
we have been favored yet that touches upon
this transaction, which by dint of some in-
dustry 1 have succeeded in getting. It is
the official report of the state ot the indebted-
ness of the cities of Washington and Gerorge-
town and the county of Washington, which
now compose this District, from which it ap-
pears that tlie total amount of the debt of the
city of Washington up to the time this report
was made, which it is stated does not include
all, was $2,aii0,oy3 27, that of Georgetown,
$201,408 87, that of the levy court, which
answers for the county, $28,62-5 84, making a
total indebtedness of the late corporations on
the 1st of May last, or whatever time it was that
they went out of existence, of $3,250,382 48,
against which here is a losy statement of
valuable assets:
"Washington, I). C., (see schedule Q, page 44.)
8873.440 41.
"Georgetown. («<iesciiedu[e II, page 14.)$78,020 95," i
Now I turn to page 44, and find what the
assets are out of which this old outstanding
indebtedness, much of it now overdue, of these
cities is to be paid:
"First, due from the Government of the tluited
States for improvements in front of United States
property, $241,958 46."
That would be a very good debt if the other
party acknowledged it to be a debt and was
willing to pay it. No doubt the so-called debt
is responsible, but nobody has yet been found
in Congress or out of Congress to undertake to
declare that the Government of the United
States owes this sum or any part of it. It
is claimed by these cities that wherever, for
the purposes of trade and travel, they grade a
street or build a pavement in front of any Gov-
ernment property, any public building, the
United States is bound to pay for that improve-
ment ; and so upon the same principle, if, in
the city of Albany, in the State of New York,
the city authorities should pave the street in
front of the State-House, the State of New
York would, of course, be bound to make it
good. Therefore, without going into a discus-
sion of how far the United States might be
willing to contribute, I do not think to put that
down as an asset available to pay this debt,
you can call it ot great value.
But I pass that and come to what will be of
more interest to my friend from Virginia:
" Second : due from thoUnitod States Government
for the market-house on reservation seven, discon-
tinued by order of Congress, $18,000."
I will pass that; it is not quite so good as
the first one.
" Duo from the Washington and Alexandria Rail-
road Company for bonds indorsed and baid, iSia.OOO."
That is to say, the Washington and Alexan-
dria Railroad Company, which I have under-
stood is a railroad coining into this town from
the Stale of Virginia, and is designed to give
the people of Virginia an inlet into the city
an an outlet from it.
" Fourth : due interest on the above bonds for six-
teen yen is. $44.36:2 50.
" Due from tiie Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany for bonds held by the late corporation of Wash-
ington, ->50,005."
I do not know exactly where that canal goes
to, but it is one of the enterprises in the neigh-
borhood here that the city has aided. Per-
haps. some Senator is able to state what " the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company " is.
My friend from Alabama [Mr. Spexcer] sug-
gests that it is the covering up canal com
pany. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Chesapeake
and Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where does that run—
fiom Georgetown up the river?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the canal
iu front of us here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am told it is the canal
in front of the Capitol, which they are now
filling up. Is that part of it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then to proceed :
" Due interest thereon.sixteen years. $48,000.
" Six per cent. f,cock redeemed in f,i,vor of* public
schools, held in trust by the register."
That is a very happy asset to pay debts with.
You are going to stop your public schools to
treat this as an asset to pay debts.
" Water stock redeemed in favor of public schools,
held in trust by the register, $4,000.
" Water-rents due, $42,782 31."
As to these water-rents, everybody knows
that by law they are to be used exclusively to
keep up the water-works, and do not belong
to the public funds of the Government here
at all. So that out of these $873,000 of as-
sets we find that the only part of thein which
is due from anybody to anybody as a liabil-
ity is about one hundred and fifty or one
hundred and sixty thousand dollars of exactly
such performances as my honorable friend
from Virginia wishes us to go into now. That
is to say, the city has been inveigled into sub-
'Cribing for stock and indorsing bonds for pri-
vate enterprises under the name of promoting
the public good; and this shows where the
money goes to, and that it never comes back ;
that it is squandered and lost. So we find
that these experiments have been tried, and
with what success?
The city of Georgetown is in the same way.
I need not take up the time of the Senate to
go over it.
We find, then, that the District government
began with an indebtedness, without an avail-
able dollar to pay it except by taxation upon the
people, of about three million and a half dol-
lars. Now, how has it run up since? We know
that $4,000,000 for public improvements have
been voted, authorized by the organic act,
approved by the people. There are $4,000,000
more ; that makes $7,500,000 of indebtedness
of this District. There are a great many other
items that I might, go over which I will not
take up the time of the Senate to do ; but for
these two little cities, the largest portion of
the inhabitants of which are not people ot
property, and are not able to bear heavy tax-
ations you have a debt of nearly eight miilicn
dollars at this moment; and the people of this
District, those who have property, and the
largest number of them, as I say, are those
who have but little property and find it hard
woik to make the ends meet and pay their
taxes, must be taxed year by year to pay the
interest upon this debt, and m the end to pay
the principal.
Mr. LEWIS. With the permission of the
Senator from Vermont, I will say, in regard to
this debt that he has summed up, that this
$000,000 is a portion of the $4,000,000 loan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my honorable
friend's pardon. The four million loan that I
speak of is a loan to be expended under the
direction of the Board of Public Works for
the improvement of the streets of the city, as
I understand; and I think my friend is verv
much mistaken when he says that, this $600,000
is perhaps part of it, because they have made
the loan aheady. They are selling it, to be
sure, at a very considerable discount, but it is
issued and put out, and if this $600,000 is part
of it, then the authorities of tne District of
Columbia ought to be indicted to-morrow for
violating their public trust in issuing a loan
of this character until Congress authorizes
it. So that I am sure my honorable friend is
mistaken.
Now, Mr. President, there must be an end
to this thing somewhere and at some time; and
I think that before the property-holders of this
Distiict are against their will—and I speak of
those against whose will it is—-or before the
people of this Distiict are to be permitted at
their own will to enter into what aie "really
private enterprises outside of the city, they
should first be seen to be in a condition to bo
able to bear the burdens that inside of the
District are necessarily resting upon their
shoulders now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask the Senator one question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Are we to under-
stawUthat the $800,000 put down as assets of
the District or of the city are pledged to this
road?
Mr..EDMUNDS. Oh, no. I was merelv
showing the financial condition of the city. I
should be very glad indeed, as one resident
of the District, to make this company a gift
of all these reported assets outright with winch
to build their railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
would have no objection, then, that the bill be
so amended as to authorize the local govern-
ment, here to pledge thote assets?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not the slightest; not
only to pledge them, but to turn them over.
Now, Mr. President, before I proceed to
look at the chaiter of this company and s' e
who it is, what it, is, and what its powers an%
and to the act ot the Legislative Assembly
