282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Ai-ril 21,
Ho. of Reps
The Tariff—Mr. Garrett.
42d Coxa....2d Bess.
clerks testify to having frequently erred in
tallying, but no errors were made in tallying
the recount by Finney and others.
In regard to the recount made on Monday
by Finney and others, and being the one on
which I rely, Young, one of the judges at the |
south poil, testifies: j
"Question. State at what time afterward another !
recount was had by you, Andrew l\Scott, .T.J. Fin- |
ney, and Ed. A. Jones, and where, if such there was.- j
"Answer. Another recount was made on the fol-
lowing Monday by J. J. Finney, A. F. Scott, E. A.
Jones, and myself, at William Parry's office in the
Morrison library buildmg.
"Question. State at what time in the day you four
persons met at said building to make said recount,
"who got the key, opened the door to the room, and
who got the tickets and brought them to the table
for recounting, and who examined all of said tickets
and announced the vote, and who tallied the same
and what was the result of the said recount last
aforesaid as to Congress, flow many votes were
counted for Jeremiah M. Wilson for Congress, and
how many for David S. Gooding for Congress, and
state whether all of said four then and there agreed
on the correctness of said recount last aforesaid ?
"Aniwcr. I think it was between one and two
o'clock i>. m. B. A. Jones had the key and opened
the door. I am not positive, but think E. A. Jones
got the tickets and brought them to the table for
recounting; J. J. Finney and Andrew F. Scott ex-
amined all of said tickets; J. J. Finney announced
the vote; E. A. Jones tallied part of the time and
Lewis D. Stubbs part, and I myself tallied all the
way through. There were 517 votes counted on that
•■occasion tor Jeremiah si. Wilson for Congress, and
528 votes counted ior David S. Gooding. I heard no
objections; there was no dissenting to the count or
result that I heard of. I believe the recount was
correct, and to the best of my knowledge and belief
that there was an error in the official count."—Pages
69 and 60.
Andrew F. Scott also testifies :
"Immediately after the recount by Young and
myself, un Saturday, wewent to Mr. Finney's office,
the inspector of said poll, told him that there were
some suspicions that there was an error in the official
count ol that poll, asked him whether he could as-
sist in making recount; he appointed Monday at
one o'clock, and said he would get some other good
Republican to assistat ourrequest. On theMonday
following, about one o'clock. I went to said trustee's
office; found Mr. Stubbs waiting on the outside;
soon after Mr. Young appeared, and then E. A. Jones
and J. J. Fmney. Mr. Jones had procured the key
of the office of Mr. Parry, and thereupon we all
went into the office. On looking round for the key
of the ballot-box, Mr. Finney found it in the small
drawer of the desk, and opened the ballot-box, took
out the Democratic string of tickets, laid them on
the long table of the office. J. J. Finney and myself
examined the tickets. I examined them first and
announced them, and passed them to J. J. Finney,
and I think he announced them, and I know he ex-
amined them, and proceeded in that way until we
looked over nil the tickets on said string. We both
put on the same side of the table. Mr. Young and
Mr. Jones tallied said Democratic votes for Con-
gress. The result was 528 votes for Gooding. On
counting the tickets on the Republican string of
tickets, J. J. Finney and myself reversed positions,
he examined said tickets, called them off, and would
slip them along the string to me; 1 examined the
same, and proceeded in that manner until all of said
tickets were examined and announced. Thomas N.
Young and Lewis D. Stubbs tallied said votes. The
result was 517 votes for Jeremiah M. Wilson tor Con-
gress.
"Question. State whether or not all of said per-
sons engaged m said recount on Monday, as afore-
paid, concurred in the correctness of the result ar-
rived at as aforesaid; and if not, who it any, ex-
pressed dissent therefrom at thetime of saidrecount.
"Answer. I think they all agreed that it was a
correct recount. I heard no one dissenting there-
from.
"Question. State whether or not you have any
doubt of the entire correctness of said recount last
afoiesaid as to the number of votes for contestant
and coufe.stee respectively.
I have no doubt of the entire correct-
ness of said recount."—Page 69.
The testimony is wholly uncontradicted.
Contestee made no attempt to contradict this
testimony by either Finney, Stubbs, or Jones,
though each and all of them were present at
the taking of depositions by him ; and yet he
comes up here with the miserable pretext that
the ballots might have been tampered with.
Might have been! Why does he not bring
some proof? Why does he not show it ? Why
does he not introduce witnesses? Why does
he not put Stubbs upon the stand ? Why does
he not put Jones upon the stand? Why does
he not put Fmnev, his inspector, on the witness
stand to contradict my witnesses, if they did
not tell the truth? You know why he does
not do it, and I know. If he had not time
sufficient, why did he not ask an extension of
time to procure such important and material
testimony?
But, sir, it is said that these ballots might
have been tampered with. Underthe laws of
Indiana every ballot is numbered with the
number corresponding to the number opposite
the name of the voter on the poll-book. You
can always tell how every one voted. Now,
if any of the ballots have been changed, it is
easy to bring up the inspector and let him say,
"The figures on these ballots are not my
figures." Where was Finney, the Govern-
ment inspector, a Republican, and a supporter
of the contestee? He was there at the taking
of testimony. Why did contestee not prove
these charges? Why did he not prove them
by the voters? The contestee's vote is also in-
creased one. Now. do you suppose my friends
have been tampering with the ballots to in-
crease the contestee:s vote one ? Would they
have increased his vote at all by tampering
with the ballots? Moreover, they could not
have increased my vote without altering the
numbers upon the ballots, which could have
been immediately detected by the difference
in haad-writitig. It is impossible that there
was any tampering with the ballots, and it
is the merest sham to talk about their being
tampered with. They were in the custody of
Republican officers, supporters of the con-
testee. He knows that. But 1 have not time
to dwell longer upon these points.
The gentleman says that we must prove the
identity of the ballots. IIow can we prove
the identity of the ballots? How can any man
swear to them other than that he found them
j| in the ballot-box? The presumption of law is
that they are the identical ballots, and that
; they have been safely kept; that the Republican
) officers have done their duty, and I will not
! presume to make charge against them in that
| regard.
NOBLE TOWXSHIP POLL, RUSH CODXTY.
The error of 2 votes against me in the count
and certified result at the Noble township
poll is apparent on the face of the tally-sheet,
and is proven to have been discovered first by
the Republican township trustee, who was the
inspector of the election. (See testimony of
Jesse W. Robinson, page 174.)
This is really an error in-summing up the
votes cast for contestee. The number of tallies
is right, but the summing up is wrong, and it
was certified as summed up and not as actually
tallied, as is evident from the tally-sheet.
Contestee makes no attempt to disprove this
error or to rebut this testimony, as in the cases
at Green township and south poll at Richmond,
for want of time, I suppose.
"Question. State whether the trustee, who called
your attention to the mistake you clerks had made
j in counting 3 votes as 5 on the tally-sheet, thereby
increasing Jeremiah M,-Wilson's vote 2 more votes
than he was entitled by the ballots, was a Repub-
lican or a Democrat, and whether the same error
j occurred on bolb tally-papers,
"Answer. The trustee, Joseph S. Cowing, who
called my attention to this mistake, is a Republican.
The same mistake occurred oil both tally-papers.
"Question. State whether or not in the official
count for Congressman, as declared by the board of
canvassers, the vote of that township was counted
and declared with the game mistake that occurs on
the tally-paper; that is to say, whether the official
vote aforesaid, as declared by the board ot county
canvassers, was counted as 149 votes for Jeremiah
M. Wilson for Representative in Congress, and David
S. Gooding 86 votes for Representative in Congress;
I and whether you know this fact from a personal ex-
■ amination of the statement made out by said board
I of canvassers, and certified to and filed by the clerk
i of the circuit court of Rush county.
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Inasmuch as my time is limited to thirty
minutes for this discussion, I am reluctantly
compelled to omit any notice of the error
in the count at Centre township, Hancock
county, and also of the illegal votes alleged
on either side.
SOUTH POLL—.Ml TILATLD TALLY-SHEETS.
Parry testifies that the ballot box of the
south poll was delivered to him by J. J. Finney,
and that he kept the same in his office until
after the recount by Finney and others, and
that the tally-sheets were at the time of the
recount unmutilated. (See pages 34 and 3-5.)
It is nothing unusual for ballots to be torn
loose from the string by handling, in stringing
and putting a large number into the ballot-box.
Two or three ballots having become loose from
the string' is certainly no proof that the ballots
had been changed.
The law presumes that every officer does his
duty, and by law it is made the duty of the
inspector of elections to safely and securely
keep the ballots for six months after the elec-
tion, and I will not presume that these Re-
publican officers have failed to do their duty.
It will not be lost sight of that at each and all
of the three polls in controversy, the inspector
and a majority of the election board were
Republicans and supporters of contestee, and
that at no time alter the election and until
the errors were discovered had any friend of
mine access to the ballot-boxes or ballots.
My time will not permit further remarks.
That 1 have proven the alleged errors against
me at the three different polls, o votes at the
Green township poll, 11 votes at the south
poll, and 2 votes at the Noble township poll,
aggregating 18 votes, can scarcely be doubted.
That I was fairly elected by at least 30 legal
votes is clearly proven, but deducting 13 votes
therefrom in consequence of supposed defec-
tive proof in the non-production of the ballots
in evidence, and my majority is 17 votes, as
reported by the minority of the committee. I
have as best I could hastily noticed the material
facts in the case, without attempting any dis-
cussion of questions of law, which have beeu
so ably presented by the members composing
the minority of the committee. I will not
assume that the House does not wish to know
the facts in this case. I will not presume, as
many do throughout the country, that as a
majority of the House is against me politic-
ally, they will decide this case against me
regardless of the merits.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. A. E GARRETT,
of tennessee,
ix the House of Representatives,
April 27, 1872,
On the bill (II. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on im-
ports and to reduce internal taxes, and tor other
purposes.
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, one of the
highest duties we, the Representatives of the
American people, owe to our constituents, is
to provide a just and equitable system of rev-
enue, so that the expenses of the Government
shall rest equally upon all.
I know, sir, in a country like ours, extend-
ing over so vast an area of territory contain-
ing forty million people engaged in so many
diversified industries, that this is a most difficult
task, one requiring much learning, labor, and
statesmanship, that order-of statesmanship
which rises above mere party or personal con-
siderations, and is divested of sectional preju-
! dices; thatlooks not only to the present protec-
! tion, but to the future welfare of the entire peo-
j pie. It was these convictions thatactuated me
| to offer a bill in this House sometime ago "to
i repeal the tax on distilleries, distilled spirits,
! and tobacco: and I have now sought the
floor for the purpose of adducing some facts
and figures in the way of argument in favor
of the passage of that bill. I hold in my hand,
sir, the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue tor the fiscal year ending June 30,
