1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8919
Brooklyn at great expense, and by the intro-
duction of machinery which is capable of the
manufacture of no other cloth exceptthese oil-
cloth foundations; and in view of the great
extent and of the fact that this machinery
cannot be changed to any other purpose^ it was
deemed by a portion of the committee, on fur-
ther consideration, as it was by the House,
proper that this addition should be made. I
hope it will receive the approval of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The chair-
man is entirely correct in supposing that this
article now pays a duty of only thirty-live per
cent. The only objection that I see to the
proposition is that 1 do not see how it is pos
sibie to distinguish between burlaps made for
oil-cloth foundations and for any other pur-
pose. The common coarse canvas comes in
uuder the classification of linen goods, whether
made of hemp, jute, or flax, and they will be
classified as canvas, and I do not see how it
is possible to distinguish between them, whether
they come in for one purpose or another.
Mr. FENTON. There is no addition to
burlaps that I can see. With the exception
of this rccent establishment for the manufac-
ture of oil-cloth foundations, these goods are
now, and burlaps to some extent, almost en-
lirely of foreign manufacture ; and it is for
the purpose of protecting this interest that
has sprung up in the country that this propo-
sition is made. There can be no addition to
the interest of bu'-laps or that portion of the
rejected section included in brackets down to
the close of the seventeenth line. Does the
Senator make any motion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, I do
not make any motion in regard to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, of the Senator
from New York to the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CASSERLY. The language used in
this amendment is rather complicated with
respect to duties. The mode of stating the
duty is as follows: as to the first class in the
section the words are, " valued at seven cents
or less per square yard, qne and one half cents
per pound;" and as to the other class the
language is, " valued at over seven cents per
square yard, two and one fourth cents per
pound." I ask the Senator from Ohio to state
how much ad vabrbm, is each of these duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say that
this is a reduction of the present duty on cot-
ton bagging of one fourth. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. WEST. I will say to the Senator from
California that the duty of one and one half
cents per pound is about thirty-eightper cent.
The duty on that worth over eight cents per
pound would run from fifty-five to seventy-five
per cent,., and is very heavy,
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the reduction
made?
Mr. WEST. The reduction is twenty-five
per cent, in the grading.
Mr. CASSERLY. In each case?
Mr. WEST. In each case.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret that the com-
mittee have not made a further .reduction.
The question of bagging is one of very con-
siderable importance to a large grain-growing
State like California. I think it would not
have interfered materially with any manufac-
turing interest had the reduction been much
greater, while it certainly would have been a
very desirable relief to farmers who have to
purchase bags so extensively. It may not be
known that in the State of California the move-
ment of wheat is almost wholly in bags ; very
little of it is in bulk until after it reaches the
elevators; so that this duty, even as reduced
by the committee, will be very heavy upon
them. I think I shall move to amend -the
committee's amendment by reducing the first
duty specified of one and one half cents per
pound, to three fourths of a cent per pound,
and the next duty in the. same proportion;
that is, reducing it fifty per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think myself
the amendment ought to pass, and if the. Sen-
ator'proposes to change the duty in tlmway,
and we have got to have a fight over it, we
might as well have it over the whole thing. In
my judgment, this attempt to reduce the duty
on cotton bagging far below any other reduc-
tion is a discrimination made for the benefit
of the South. There is no d®ubt about that.
But it will be to the utter ruin, in my judg-
ment, of a great many factories engaged in the
business of making these bags. I agreed to it
in committee with great reluctance; but if
Senators are now disposed to demand a further
reduction, I shall certainly oppose the' whole
thing. The committee yielded it with great
reluctance. It is a very large reduction, more
than upon any other textile fabric in the whole
tariff, t assure Senators that the amendment
as we have it now will be Che death-knell of
many a small manufacturing establishment in
the northern States, and a further reduction,
as a matter of course, would be their utter
destruction.
The PRESIDING.OFFICER. . The ques-
tion is ou the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. The subject is one rather
new to me, upon which I have not perhaps as
clear views as I should like to have. The very
statement of it is artificial in the highest de-
gree; and without the explanation given by
the Senator for Louisiana, it would be wholly
unintelligible. As it seems to me, it is need-
lessly artificial. ' We all understand what is
meant when the bill says so much a pound or
so much by measurement. We also under-
stand what is meant when the law calls for so
machadvalorem; but to mingle the two things
and to state it as it is stated here, seems to me
to be making it needlessly obscure to those
who are not experts in the subject. Under
the circumstances, and after tbe declaration
of the Senator from Ohio that if I should per-
sist in the amendment he would be disposed
to abandon even the amendment of the com-
mittee, I prefer to withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Senator from Cal-
ifornia withdraws his amendment, and the
question recurs on the amendment proposed
by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section four to strike out lines
thirty-five and thirty-six, in the following
words:
On freestone, sandstone, granite, and all building
or monumental stone, except marble, seventy-five
cents per ton.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to under-
stand the purpose of the committee in striking
out those lines in regard to a induction of
duty upon freestone, sandstone, and so on. I
understand the duty now is about $1 25 or
$1 50 per ton.
Mr. SCOTT. One dollar and fifty cents a
ton.
Mr. BOREMAN. The House have reduced
it to seventy-five cents a ton. I think prob-
ably it had better remain at that. It seems
that the House reduced the duty on coal from
one dollar and a quarter to seventy-five cents
a ton, and I think the same reasoning would
induce this reduction.
Mr. SCOTT. I can explain that to my
friend from West Virginia. These are pro-
ductions almost exclusively of Vermont, while
coal is found in West Virginia and Pennsyl-
vania. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOREMAN. It is very easily under-
stood, then. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. • That may be a good
joke ; but the value of a ton of marble or a
ton of this stone is much more than of a ton
of coal. I hope tbe Senate will not disturb it.
Mr., MORRILL, of'Vermont. I am sorry
that the Senator from Pennsylvania should
have made such a remark as be has, made.
It is not founded in verity,. These stones are
not found in Vermont to any extent. Bat
the truth is, in relation to this' matter, that
these stones had been reduced in our" last
action on tariff. They are found in Ohio,
Virginia, and Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope this amend-
ment proposed by the committee will be
adopted, and that that paragraph will be
stricken out.- ■ The present tariff is $1 50 per
ton on this kind of stone. This clause of the
bill as passed by the House proposes to reduce
it to seventy-five cents per ton. A gentle-
man told me within the Ihst few mouths—who
works more granite than any other man in
America—that he could work granite in Scot-
land and put up a building in the city of New
York, paying $1 50 duty per ton, cheaper than
he could put it up from any granite cut in this
country. I believe him, for the greatest. part
of the expense upon granite is labor ; and you
can get stone workers there, for two shillings
sixpence or tbree shillings sixpence, and here
they cost from three to three dollars and, a half
per day. Surely, in this state of things you
ought not to strike anything from the tariff on
that article.
Mr. SCOTT. I am very glad that my play-
ful remark made to the Senator from West
Virginia has brought out a verification of the
truth that it is not only when you touch pig
iron that their is a squeal. [Laughter. ] I am
very well aware that these articles are pro-
duced elsewhere than in Vermont and Connec-
ticut. They are produced, perhaps, in Ohio
and Pennsylvania. I playfully remarked to the
Senator from West Virginia that coal, which
is reduced from one dollar and seventy-five
cents a ton to seventy-five cents a ton, and
which also has to be brought out of the earth
entirely by labor, is found in West Virginia and
Pennsylvania. That produces some remark
when it is brought in here, and when there is
an attempt to reduce the duty from one dollar
and fifty cents to seventy-five cents per ton on
stones, that is stricken out. I made my remark
playfully; but it seems to have had much more
effect than was intended,.and I trust it may per-
haps yet attract the attention of tbe Senate to
the fact that the discriminations in this bill are
all running in one direction, and that we shall
find that out by the time we get through.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to discuss this,
but I hope the Senator from Pennsylvania will
come to the conclusion that he will excuse me
for making the remark I did about squealing
to-day. I see he still refers to it. All I have
to say, and I say it good-naturedly, is that
when you want to get a squeal, I do not know
anything that would be better to strike than
"pig," whether "iron" is to it or not.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment Was agreed to;
The next amendment was in section four,
line thirty-nine and also in line forty to change
the word " emory " to " emery."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Carpen-
ter.) This being a mere verbal correction,
will be considered as agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section four, to strike out lines
forty-three to fifty-four, in the following
words:
On acids, namely: acetic, acetous, and pyroligneons
of specific gravity of 1.047, or less, five cents per
pound; acetic, acetous, and pyrohgness of specific
gravity, over 1.047, thirtyeonts per pound; carbolic,
liquid, ten per cent, ad valorem; gallic, one dollar
per pound; sulphuric, fuming, Oiordhausen,) one
cent per pound,- tannic, one dollar per pound; tar-
taric, ten cents per pound.
