1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
mittee of the Whole. By its provisions, R. B.
Van Valkenburgh, Benjamin Eggleston, Law-
rence B. Cushing, R. W. Bishop, James F.
Wilson, John II. Hall, ElishaE. Rice. Thomas
A. Scott, I. E. Gates, George B. Upton, Israel
S. Spencer, and P. McDonald Collins, and
such other persons as may be associated with
them, and their successors, are created a body
poll!ic and corporate by the name, style, and
title of the Asiatic Commercial Company.
Tlie company is to have the right to purchase,
sell, ship, transport., and deal in the goods,
wares, merchandise, and products of any of the
countries named, withpower topurchase, hold,
and convey all such real and personal estate
and property as the business of the corporal ion
may from time to time require, and to do and
peiform all acts and things necessary to carry
the provisions oftheact into effect. The corpo-
ration, in connection with the business named,
is to be allowed, under the authority of the
Governments of China, Japan, and of the other
countries of Asia, to engage in public works
which may bo nccessary to develop and in-
crease the business and commerce thereof, and
to facilitate commerce between them and the
United States, and for that purpose may issue
its bonds or other obligations, secured by a
pledge or mortgage of its property and fran-
chises. The capital stock of the corporation
is to be $5,000,000, to be divided into shares
of $100 each. The shaies of stock are to be
personal property, transferable on the books
of the company only; and the capital stock
may be increased from time to time as may be
necessary for the general purposes of the com-
pany.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What does
the honorable Senator from Oregon propose
to do with that hill to-day?
Mr. CORBEfT. I wish to put it on its
passage.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will not
a single objection carry it over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not, as
the bill has previously been read twice and
been reported by a committee, and it is taken
tip to-day on motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is a very
important bill. It seems to me that it is alto-
gether beyond our power 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is open to
debate or amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at one
o'clock and forty-seven minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 10, 1872.
The House met at, twelve o'clock m.
Rev. George P. Hays, D. D., president of
the Washington and Jefferson College, Wash-
ington, Pennsylvania, opened the proceedings
with the following prayer:
Great and ever-living God, who hast made
us and endowed us and kept us in being, accept
our thanks for life and the continued use of
our reason and the providential care Thou hast
granted us. Guide us, O God, to-day. Bless,
we pray Thee, the members of this Iionse,
now assembled, and give them clear views and
correct estimates of their duty. And, we pray
Thee, grant unto them such help that that
which they do may glorify Thee. Bless this
land, protect it from vice, and propagate virtue
therein. Remember the President of the Uni
teel States, his Cabinet, and ail the officers of
this Government, and grant unto this nation
the love and charity and kindness of Jesus
Christ in every heart. O God, be with us as
a people, to take nway ill-will and to fill us
with brotherly kindness. And all that we ask
is for the sake of Him who taught us. when we
pray, to say: Our Father which art m heaven,
hallowed be Thy name; Thv kingdom come :
Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive
ns our debts as we forgive our debtors. And
lead us not into temptation, butdeliverus from
evil, for Thine is the kingdom, the power, and
the glory forever. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. What length of time does
the gentleman desire?
Mr.BDWAItDS. Notmorethanfiveminutes.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ark-
ansas asks unanimous consent to make a per-
sonal explanation, to occupy not more than
fiveminutes. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will state that on yes-
terday I was confined to my room by indispo-
sition. In the course of the proceedings a
report from a committee was made, which, or
a portion of it, reflected on Senator Clayton,
from my State, and myself, proceeding on the
evidence of two individuals from my State,
which I pronounce utterly false. If I had been
here in my seat I would have moved for a com-
mittee of investigation ; but as the matter has
been referred to the Committee of Elections, 1
shall defer any further remarks on the subject
until that committee makes its report.
preservation of tiie archives.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Home of Representatives :
In answer to tho resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 6th December, requesting to be
informed if any further action is necessary by Con-
gress to feeuro the immediate temporary preserva-
tion of the archives or public records now in the
State Department, I transmit a repoit and accom-
panying papeis from the Secretary of State.
TT. S. GRANT.
Washington. D. C., January 8,1872.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
land grants to railroads, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, in
answer to a resolution of tho House, a map
showing land grants to railroads, &c. ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
laws of the district.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the secre-
tary of the District of Columbia, transmitting
to the House, in compliance with the act of
February 21, 1871, four copies of the laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
survey of public lands.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laidbefore the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting estimates for
appropriations required for surveying the pub-
lic lands, to supply deficiencies for the fiscal
years ending June 30,1870, and June 30, 1871;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
general george w. ballocii.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to the reso-
lution of the House, of December 18, 1871, in
relnt.'on to the suspension or mustering out
of Brevet Brigadier General George W. Bal-
loch: which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
reprinting of national bank notes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of theTreasury, in answerto the resolution
of the House of March 81, 1871, transmitting
an estimate of the number of pounds of paper
that would be required to replace the present
national bank circulation, &e.; which was
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed. .
pay of mail contractors.
TheSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the House of April 18,1871, in relation
to any appropriation under which mail con-
tractors may be paid for carrying the United
States mails in the late insurgent States, prior
to May 31, 1861; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
collection of the customs.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from ilie
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to the
number of persons employed, and the com-
pensation paid in .the collection of customs
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, in
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
improvement of tiie osage river.
TheSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House concurrent resolutions
of the General Assembly of the State of Mis-
souri as to the improvement of the Osage river;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.-
improvement of tiie mississippi river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the secre-
tary of State of the State of Missouri, transmit-
ting concurrent, resolutions of the General As-
sembly of that State, asking for an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of tiie gasconade river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House concurrent resolutions
of the State of Missouri, asking for an appro-
priation for the improvement of the Gasconade
river; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of B. J. Driscoll.
On motion of Mr. F1NKELNBURG, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of
papers in the case of private land claims in the
State of Missouri, copies to be made and left
on file.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the wiihdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Samuel A. Wilkins, heretofore
referred to the Committee of Claims, and not
reported on.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the petition and accompanying papers of
John E. Parkman, for a share of the prizes
captured during the war by the United States
steamer Aries.
On motion of Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition of
the citizens of New York, praying for an
amendment of the steamboat law ot the Forty-
First Congress.
On motion of Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous
