1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
of justice and expediency should be united ?
If any one deems that the best interests of the
country will be subserved by opposing the
nomination of the present Executive, let him
do so, influenced by motives as high as the
interests involved are momentous. This is
his right and duty, and to it no one can or
should object. No one does. But let him
remember, if he desires the good of his coun-
try and the good of his party, that his political
friends can always make a better ticket for
him than his political enemies. Let him
remember that while within the organization,
or professing adherence to its principles, he
does violence to every principle upon which
parties are formed if he counsels a disregard
of its action when assembled in convention, or
opposition in advance or afterward to its nom •
inee. All such men should go at once to
the enemy, whatever their professions. The
ranks might then be closed, and we should
know who are the true soldiers. And I do not
know but occasionally it is best to do this. As
parties stand, and have from the organization
of the Government, there is no half-way
house. The half-way house is the dead-house
of politics.
Sir. President, I have done. 1 am sure 1
should crave the indulgence of the Senate for
occupying so much time, but perhaps more
for speaking as I have. If by possibility I
have seemed to criticise the action of any
one, or unjustly to speak of motives, I beg to
retract it all. No one certainly has less cause
to thus speak, no one so little justified in
assuming any such manner. I would not
knowingly wrong any one. I desire only the
integrity of the party to subserve the public
interests, and the speedy disposition of the
business.
I could almost hope that the resolution be-
fore us, as well as its preamble, might be with-
drawn. Its distinguished author could give
no higher evidence of his readiness to con-
sult the quiet of the country, and his wish to
aid in the legitimate business before us, than
by frankly abandoning the proposed inquiry;
thus in a spirit of magnanimity and conces-
sion yielding, as it seems to me he should, to
the inexorable logic of the facts clicited by
this debate. I am sure he would lose nothing
in the estimation of an honorable and true
people by such a course. If any man can
afford to do so, he can. Others in former times
have given us the example, and such examples
cannot now be too often repeated.
But, Mr. President, whatever may be the
result, or however the proposition may be
disposed of, I trust we shall soon address our-
selves with all zeal and fidelity to the actual
and necessary work of the session. Let us
legislate carefully, and as far as possible wisely.
Let us inquire honestly what the country de-
mands, and to some extent at least meet the
want. Let us labor so as to bring about an
adjournment at as early a day as possible. Let
us save the money of the people and lighten
their burdens; not say we will do so, but do it.
It is the party that does, not that which prom-
ises alone, that secures public confidence. Let
us go to the people, before the people, and
with the people, and fight for the success of
principles, principles which we believe to be
interwoven with the very life of the nation,
and the result no one can doubt. Yes, for the
triumph of principles, not men. You have read
somewhere, I doubt not, Mr. President, as
I have, that at Gettysburg two battles were
fought in one—that while men were lighting on
the ground principles were contending in the
air, and that when on the night of that memor-
able 4th of July the army of the South re-
treated from the fields of Pennsylvania, it was"
not alone the defeat of the confederate army,
but vastly more—the overthrow of those prin-
ciples which had inaugurated and given moral
significance to the rebellion.
Thus, Mr. President, it is in all contests,
whether upon this floor or before the people.
Let us remember this in the measure now
before us ; let us remember it as we approach
another quadrennial struggle and fight for the
triumph of principles, not for the triumph of
men merely, and we shall thus best secure
acceptable nominations, the more certainly
again defeat those who would bring upon us
misrule, the more certainly achieve another
great victory, and thus best subserve the wel-
fare and highest good of the people for this and
the coming years. We may thus have, as I
trust we shall, that peace and that quiet which
the nation so much needs and'desires.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, os I under-
stand, at the present time it would not be in
order to submit a substitute for the resolution
now before the Senate, inasmuch as the pend-
ing question is on the reconsideration of the
vote on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling;] but as I design,
when the opportunity offers, to present to the
Senate for its consideration a substitute for the
resolution as it now stands, I claim, the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few moments in the
remarks I shall make in support of that sub-
stitute.
In submitting the substitute for the resolu-
tion in its amended form now before the Senate
I shall make an effort to recall this body for a
moment from the wide field of political debate
over which it has strayed and rambled, and to
invite its attention to the fact that we may, in
warding off attacks on the one hand, and in
assailing the Administration upon the other,
commit the American Senate to the unparal-
leled course of framing an indictment against
its own Government for a breach of its own
neutrality laws without instigation thereto
through the complaint of the Government
against which a grievance is alleged. Indeed,
the information upon which we are called to
act conies to us solely through the Power
that, if any such breach has been made,
should be the last to question conduct that
may have benefited them and was prejudicial
to their opponents. Before committing myself
to such a step, or allowing the Senate to do
so without protest, however feeble it may be,
I shall briefly endeavor to call the atten-
tion of this body to what I think should be
deemed its legitimate and expedient sphere
of investigation of the subject of the sale of
arms.
There has been a long, animated, and at
times heated discussion of the resolution under
consideration. The debate has its explana-
tion in the fact that in the understanding of
those who advocate the charges made, as well
asinthatof those who deny them, the proposed
investigation may affect the approaching presi-
dential nomination and election. I cannot
but believethat itwould be wiser for the friends
of the present Administration to permit any
investigation that may be seriously demanded
than to engage in a discussion in advance of a
full knowledge by the Senate and the country
of the circumstances such investigation is
intended to disclose.
In the present temper of the American peo-
ple it is not prudent to oppose the fullest and
fairest investigation of any alleged abuse, as
any hesitation evinced by those who are re-
garded by the country as most conspicuously
the friends of the Administration, is at once
seized upon as evidence of dread upon the
part of the Administration itself of the con-
sequences of investigation; and a ready infer-
ence of guilt, finds prompt lodgment, in the
popular mind. Thus may the movers of inquiry,
which if allowed witlioutobjection, wouldcome
to nothing, derive from the initial opposition all
the advantage of creating in the popular mind
that suspicion which is so often the equivalent
of conviction in its influence upon popular ac-
tion. Thus may the adversaries of the Adminis-
tration .succeed in destroying public confidence, ;
upon which alone can it command success,
not because of any guilt upon its part, by sins
of commission or omission, but because of
the indisoretion of those whose ill-judged oppo-
sition to inquiry has filled , the public "mind
with suspicion; and that'there' are t'noso in
opposition to the Administration wise enough
to seize that advantage, has been more than
once demonstrated by the debates'upon this
floor during the present session.
The intensity of feeling evoked in opposi-
tion to the resolution 6f the honorable Sena-
tor from' Massachusetts has its excuse, how-
ever, in the extraordinary character both of
the preamble and resolution, proving to be,
as it was probably intended, a very bothbshell
thrown among the Republicans of the Senate.
Whether the Kepubliean party had a right to
expect such hostile projectiles fi-om that quar-
ter is not unworthy, perhaps, of considera-
tion ; but certain it is that his resolution, taken
as a'whole, is couched in such language that
he could scarcely expect its adoption by the
Senate, and therefore is not to be excused
upon the' theory that it was offered in the faith
that it would be accepted. I doubt if there is
in the history of the Senate a parallel for his
extraordinary preamble.
In this matter the Senate stands in the atti-
tude of a grand jury to make inquisition touch-
ing the administration of the laws by the ex-
ecutive department of the Government. In
adopting this preamble the Senate would pre-
fer an indictment in advance of the inquiry,
and declare the guilt of the parties accused
before formal investigation of the facts. To
a proper inquiry concerning matters fit for
legislative investigation no one would cer-
tainly, at least no one should, object; but to
condemnation in advance of inquiry, it is equally
a matter of duty for Senators to object. As,
however, if I do not misunderstand the pur-
pose of Senators, this preamble cannot be
accepted, I shall not detain them by discuss-
ing it.
Isaid that no one would objectto anyinvesti-
gation of matters coming within the proper
range of legislative inquiry. In my opinion,
this investigation as proposed goes beyond the
scope of matters proper to be inquired into in
this manner. If not improper under any and
all circumstances, then it is at this time inex-
pedient. ■ • •
I accept the issue as proposed by the honor-
able Senator from Missouri in the first of the
three questions into which he says the subject
divides itself. I quote his language:
" First, was anything done in connection with the
sales of arms effected during the French-German war
that was inconsistent with the rule laid down by this
Government for its own action, that no armsshould
be sold to any known agent of a belligerent Power."
Certainly in a matter of such importance
the Seuate should not institute an investiga-
tion without reasonable grounds for suspicion,
and I fail to find such grounds in anything
that has been adduced in this discussion. The
honorable Senator undoubtedly thinks differ-
ently concerning the matter. But should the
investigation result precisely according to his
anticipation and assertion, what then ? We
would, by a senatorial inquisition, have suc-
ceeded in putting into the hands of a formi-
dable Power, now friendly and making no com-
plaint, (as I understand it as to the manner in
which our international obligations have been
observed,) testimony against ourselves, and
testimony which they could not otherwise ob-
tain, upon which to found a complaint against
the United States for a breach of neutrality.
If the fact were so, is it expedient for as at
this time of all others to do so? We should
at the same time fix upon some executive
officer or officers of greater or less grade a
responsibility therefor, and might insure their
punishment, but this gratification would be
dearly earned at the sacrifice of our friendly
relations with Prussia. The highest possible
success that gentlemen could hope for would
be to involve the President in the conspiracy,
but the more perfect the success in this direc-
tion the more formidable would be the case we
should make against our own country.
