2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
contemplation is sufficiently considered and it
is brought into existence, will furnish a con-,
nection. Why ought we not to help that?
Six hundred thousand dollars is bat a drop in
the bucket.
Now, I wish ray friend tfould tell me how
far it is by this contemplated line itself to the
line of theLuray Valley railroad in the county
of Page ?
Mr. LEWIS. I cannot answer the Senator
definitely upon that subject, as the line has
not been run, and we can only conjecture the
'distance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I am to under-
stand that this Piedmont and Potomac rail-
road is not yet located?
Mr. LEWIS. No, sir; it is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The line has not even
been run ?
Mr. LEWIS. No.
Mr.EDMUNDS. And no man knows, then,
in any certain sense, whenfie it comes or
whither it goes, to use an expression, if this
very road may follow the line of the Manassas
railroad and go to the southwest, and go
around the hills to this valley in exactly the
same way, and the people, wiio are the cor-
porators of this charter, may sell it out to
the Manassas railroad, and take a sum of
money as the consideration of throwing up
the whole thing in order to prevent competi-
tion, because both roads cannot be supported
from this given point evidently enough. So
that, Mr. President, we are invited now to
over-tax and over-burden the people of this
District, to infringe, as 1 believe, private rights,
which no State ought to be authorized to in-
fringe, by compelling people to become stock-
holders in this road, to advance this money
for the purpose ol' aiding a railroad, the cor-
porators of which we do not know, the amount
of whose capital stock we do not, know ; how
much, if anything, has been paid in we do not
know; what are the guarantees for the per-
formance of these obligations we do not know ;
and as the line is to be, how much it will cost,
or what it can do when it is built, no man know-
eth. The statement of such a proposition
ought to put an end to this debate.
But let us look a little further at this char-
ter, and see whether it is the character of
charter that capitalists and honest men are
usually accustomed to obtain when they are to
invest their own money in a great and public
enterprise. A number ot names as commis-
sioners are given to receive subscriptions.
Not a single stockholder, not a single asso-
ciate, is named as a corporator. All those
who may choose to figure with these gentlemen
when the stock-books are open to form a com-
bination—I will not say a ring—become the
controlling proprietors of the franchise.
Then it provides further that this stock may
be taken by any other railroad companies;
that is, this privilege to the people of the city
of Washington is immediately to be put into
the hands of other and perhaps competing,
perhaps hostile railroad interests, who may
wish to divert its business to the city of Balti-
more, or the city of Philadelphia, or the city
of Richmond, rather than bring it to this town.
It is not to be a corporation in which the stock-
holder, the District of Columbia, may have a
controlling voice; it is to be a corporation in
which hostile and competing lines may take an
interest if they like, and may hold it, as the
Baltimore and Ohio Company is said to have
held the Point of Rocks railroad, as a mere
sham and a delusion, in order to prevent other
people from building it and managing it and
operating it for the city of Washington. And
this is the sort of entertainment which the
people of this District are to put up nearly a
million dollars to pay for.
Let us look a little further:
'Be it further cnacted, That the capital stock of
said company shall not be less than $100,000, nor
than v4,000,000, to be divided into shares of
SMO each. Yv lleneyer the said first-raentioned
amount fehall by subscribed, the subscribers shall
be incorporated by the name and for the purposes
mentioned in the first scction of this act, and shall
have full power and authority to effect the same."
That is to say, under the charter, which we
cannot add to or diminish or change iu any
degree at any time, because the sovereign
State of Virginia is the controller of it, these
private corporators, who have now organized
and are this company, are only required by
the charter at anytime to putin $100,000 
Mr. COLE. They are only to subscribe it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, they may do this
if fhey only subscribe it, as my friend from
California very correctly reminds me. Instead
of their being^obliged to pay $100,000 of the
four or five millions this road will necessarily
cost if it is built where my friend from Vir-
ginia supposes it is going to be built, they may
not pay the $100,000, but only subscribe it,
and having subscribed $100,000, which they
may determine that they may or may not pay,
according to their own will, then they shall
have full power and authority for all the pur-
poses mentioned in this act; that is, they may
go and trade with any other railroad company
and get them to take up the stock, not for the
interest of the city of Washington, but for
the interest of the other railroad company,
perhaps for the interest of the city of Balti-
more, perhaps for the interest of the city of
Richmond or of Philadelphia.
Let us look a little further:
That it shall bo lawful for the said company, by
and \Yith the consent ot the stockholders in general
meeting assembled, to borrow money, for the pur-
poses of this act, at a rate of interest not exceeding
that allowed by law ; to issue certificates of said
loans, and to pledge any and all the property of said
company, by mortgage or otherwise, tor the pay-
ment of tho samo and the interest that may aeci ue
thereon.
There is a broad power to borrow money,
with no limitation whatever. They may bor-
row $50,000,000 if they can, squander it in
any way they like, swamp the original stock-
holders and subscribers, hold the bonds, as
has often been done in kiting corporations,
and then take the property they have thus
swindled the public and the people out of. I
am not saying that the persons at this moment
connected with this movement intend to doany
such thing; 1 do not know them ; but I say
they have the power to do it.
Now comes a further section which provides,
I will suggest to my friend from California,
if these gentlemen should be disposed to pay
the $100,000, a very easy way of paying it:
That it shall bo lawful for the said company to
receive nut exceeding one hundred thousand acres
ot land in payment of subscriptions of stock."
One hundred thousand acres of land is a
very fine capital to build a railroad upon.
Mr. President, 1 do not wish to proceed and
occupy the time of the Senate with a further
discussion of what this charter contains. It
is evident to any person who has been accus-
tomed for a considerable portion of his life to
practice law, and has seen litigation, and has
seen sham corporations come up like bubbles,
take stockholders' money, whatever is honestly
subscribed, squander it in contracts made by
themselves and to themselves, and then let, the
stockholders go—it is just such a sort of char-
ter as that class of people always obtain. I
do not say, because it would be accusing
people without knowledge, that the men who
obtained this charter, open as it is, loose as
it is, extraordinary as it is, insecure and un-
guarded as it is in every respect, obtained it
for such a purpose; but I do say that I believe
there are very few capitalists in this country,
few men who really mean what tho sovereign
authority intends to authorize them to do,
build a railroad, who would think of mvestiiio*
their property under a charter of that kind!
It js not the sort o* thing tfcut the people who
care for their interests and intend to deal
justly are willing to exercise power under.
Now, let us look at the act of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Columbia
that the honorable Senator from Nevada thinks
should have the final voice in this matter.
The Legislative Assembly of the District or
Territory of Columbia since its brief existence
has passed a good many acts, and, if you take
public opinion as a guide, a good many acts
of a somewhat extraordinary character. But
that is not a part of my present put-pose to
consider. It is enough to look at this act and
see how carefully this $600,000 and the inter-
est upon it, taken from the hard earnings of
the tax-payers of this town, is guarded by
this great and careful tribunal which subscribes
to the stock of this company. It is as follows :
" Whereas it is believed that tho construction of
the Piedmont and Potomac railroad recently au-
thorized by an act of the Legislature of Virginia
will be of great benefit to the District of Columbia,
and by a further act of said Legislature the Penn-
sylvania Central Railroad Company is required to
guaranty the first mortgage bonds of said Piedmont
and Potomac Railroad Company to an amount
necessary to furnish the superstructure equipment
for said road, which said guarantee may be returned
whenever at any time within live years fiorn the
date of said last-mentioned act ten miles or more of
said road shall be ready for said superstructure."
Now, Mr. President, where did the State of
Virginia—and we hear of it here for the first
time in this territorial act—get the authority
to require the Pennsylvania Cential Railroad
Company to guaranty the firt>t mortgage
bonds of the Piedmont and Potomac Kailioad
Company? I knew that Virginia was the
mother of Presidents and the mother of estates,
but I did not know that she was equal to
requiring the Pennsylvania Central Railroad
Company, of all other railroads, to guaranty
anybody's bonds. I will look for the act by
which she exeicised that graceful sovereign
power.
I suppose it means, however, to speak seri-
ously, that the Pennsylvania Cential Railroad
Company designs, if it thinks it is its interest
to do so by and by, tor its own purposes, as it
has a right to do, for it owes no obligations
to the city of Washington—it owes its first
obligations to the State of Pennsylvania and
the city of Philadelphia—to take control of
this road if it is likely to interfere with its
interests; and therefore, I dare say, it has
aheady entered into a contract with the man-
agers of this performance, the Piedmont rail-
road incorporators, whoever they are, by which
they have agreed to lease their road to the
Pennsylvania Central, and it is to furnish the
rolling stock and to guaianty their bonds for
that purpose. May 1 ask my friend from Vir-
ginia if I have guessed aright?
Mr. LEWIS. I know nothing about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
does not know anything about, it.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me for a moment ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think the Penn-
sylvania railroad knows anything about this.
I am sure they would make no bargain con-
tingent on the legislation of Congress. I
guess these p'eople have only stuck in the
Pennsylvania railroad to give themselves some
°u0 ; I think you may take it foi gianted
that the Pennsylvania railroad has nothing to
do with it.
Mr EDMUNDS. I dare say that is true;
and that, is another commentary, I will suggest
to my honorable friend from Nevada, on the
great skill and wisdom and prudence with
which the Legislative Assembly of the District
of Columbia care for the interests of their con-
stituents. We have them basing their action
upon the fact that this is a good investment
because the Pennsjlvama Central railroad is
to guaranty certain of its bonds. Now, my
honorable friend from Virginia, who lives
where this line is to be, who knows these cor-
porators, who speaks for them, tells us that he
never heard of it. The honorable Senator
rom Pennsylvania—and he of all others would
5. know—tells us that he never heard
ol it. Ihen, as the saying is, the consideration
tor this act of the District of Columbia fails,
ihe reason why the people were led. as wc
