3024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
American industry are really a burden upon our
shipping industry. He had been at some little pains
within the last day or two to adcert.au the eosM>l' a
thousand-ton iron sailing ship, built in New Yoik,
to comply with Lloyd's specification, and fitted oat
rendy lor sea, excepting stores. It would cost 5121,-
U00. The same vessel would be built in England at
£1(5 per ton, which, allowing currency ;tnd exchange
to bo at $1 40, would make it cost 111 our currency
very nearly one hundred and sixteen thousand mx
hundred and sixty dollars. That would be a little
over four thousand lets than the American-bunt
ship, and that showed about the extent ol the rebel
that American ship-builders winted. Tin: duty on
iron averaged about thirty-live per cent. Iho duty
on the iron in such a ship would be about twenty-
one thousand dollars ; &o that ii that duty were taken
off, it would «ive the American builder an advan-
tage of between sixteen and seventeen thousand
dollars.
"Mr. Wklls. It is your opinion that the allow-
ing ot drawbacks on the materials used m ship-
building would facilitate and encourage the building
ol' ships hei e ?
" Mr. Rowland. It would make a ship cost four-
teen or iifieeri dollars a ton less, and that would
help us some; there is no doubt of it.
" Mr. Hol.max. I understand you to say that, with
relief fiom the payment of taxes, internal and
external, on the materials entering into the con-
stiuotion of ships, they could be built in this coun-
try, ot wood or of iron, so as to compete with foreign
builders?
"Mr. Stimkrs. Yes, sir; but then I also wanttho
inducement or letting all stores be put on board
ship free of duly. That would bo an additional
inducement to build ships, because it would afford
pnifics." *• * * * s ■*
" Mr. Potllox. Yes. sir; the act of last winter is a
prohibitory tariff &o lar as copper is concerned. It
acts very seriously on the ship-repairing interest.
The ship* that require to be reeoppered will take a
freight which they knowis not profitable, and some-
times whore they know that there will be real loss
upon it, for the puipo>e of getting to England in
order lo make a saving on their copper; thus not
only cutting oil the revenue that might be derived
by this country from a moderate tariff such as ex-
isted before the war, but also seiiously injuting our
mechanical interests in the coppering work being
done in England which should be done m this coun-
try. Nut only was the coppering work thus lost, to
this country, but also a huge amount ofrepaiis
which generally go with the coppering ot vessels
such as rigging and carpenter work. Lt strikes .it a
dufcon d.ffereut kinds ofmoohanio.il interests, lie
thought that all that the ship-building interest of
I he country icquired was a drawback of dunes on
ti.ll the materials that enter into the eonstrueiion of
ships, particularly of the duties on iron, copper,
and cordage. The duty on copper at present was a,
prohibitory duty, preventing any importation ot
copper, and compelling American slnp-builders to
pay some seven or eight cents per pound lor copper
more than the fcJnghsh ship-builders paid. The
duties on iron, ho believed, were from thirty to
thirty-five per cent., operating to that extent
ngainst Iho Ameiican sliip-building interest.
"The Chairman. Do you behove that it thedraw-
bauks were allowed to tho amount, of the duties paid
the shu>-building business of the United States would
revive immediately ?
"Mr. Wkhb. Yes, sir; immediately. I have a
ship-building establishment, and keep it open, but
untortunaiely we do not do much business ihore. 1
am sorry to say that in t hat yard, where we built a
great many ships, tho grass is now arrowing.
"Mr. Gibuons. In tho construction of iron ves-
sels about six tenths, of the entire cost is labor and
l'our tenths material, and tho lax now icquired to
be paid upon evory material entering into the con-
struction ot a ship, from tho laying ol her keel until
she is hnished, is a matter ot vital consequence to
American slup-buiiders.'• 1 ' * "For
instance. lorly-liviMlollars in gold will buy a ton ot
plate or bar iron in Lin gland, which here cosis eighty-
eight or ninety do dais lor plates and eighty-live dol-
lars for burs. When this is worked up we find that
they liavctho advantage of us of about two tenths in
material.
/'Franklin "VV. Smith. In 18(18 there were but
six iron vessels built iu the Um;«d Slates, and
at present he believed that there was not one
iron vessel on tho stocks in this country. A bark
of six hundred or seven hundred ton=>, and the
iron bark Novelty, built, by the Atlantic works,
were the only iron sailing vessels built in this coun-
try. As to wooden shipping ho was not able to tol-
low its decline, the decline being so rapid. What
■was the reason for this? The answer might bogiven
in one word—the tariff. The contrast on this mat-
ter between the United States and Great Britain
was most painful. In 1867, out of two hundred and
twenty-seven ships built upon the Clyde, there were
but fourteen ol wood, and these averaged only one
hundred and sixty tons each. He held in his hand
a slip from the Glasgow Herald, of August 7,1869,
detailing the launches which had taken pla,ce dur-
ing the previous month. There wero thirteen of
them, amounting m all to thirteen thousand nine
hundred and mnety-ono tons, averaging nearly
eleven huudred, and all of iron. Why could not
this be done here? Because of the tariff. He was
iudebted to one ot the able articles of the New
York Evening Post for a record ol the changes m
the tariff, and of the pressure which those changes
had brought to bear upon the stup-building inter-
est. In I8o7, common rounds and squares of iron,
saoh as are used in the wooden ship-building inter-
est, and which were then the great item to be taxed
in ship-building, weise taxed twenty-four perccnt,
ad v"lo, r< . In 1861 they were taxed fifty per cent.,
and in 18t54 one hundred and twelve per cent, ad
valorem. It was stated that by the proposed bill
introduced by Mr. Moorhead, in 18GS, those very
bars of iron, essential in wooden ship-building,
were struck at for a rate of one hundred and sixty-
eiuht per cent. He held in his hand a list showing
the charges to-day of an iron ship of one thousand
tons buiden, supposing that all her materials of for-
eign construction were imported.
" Mr. Samuel Hall, of East Boston, ship-builder,
made a statement to the committee, lie said that
the wooden ship-building interest had been much
depressed since the war. He had built but one ship
since the war, and had one upon the stocks now.
This depression was owing wholly to the high cost
ot the ships. The high duties upon the materials
entering into the construction of ships, made ships
cost, from fiity to sixty per cent, higher than they
did previous to the war. Iron which they used to
buy for not exceeding forty dollars per ton was now
eighty dollars per ton; rigging which they used to
buy at eight cents ner pound was now sixteen cents
per pound; duck which they used to buy at twenty-
eight cents a pound was now worth fifty-six cents ;
and e\ erything else was in the same proportipn.
Unless there was something done to relieve ship-
builders they would have to give up their business
entirely.
"Mr. Haydkn. I propose the allowance of draw-
backs on the amount of materials used in ship-
building. I think that nothing else would be requi-
site. Let us have this and we can build ships as
.•heaply as other nations can." * x *
" The extra cost ot ship-building in this country was
now so great as almost, not quite, to annihilate
American ship-building. The British kepton build-
ing, and now they had four or five times the tonnage
engaged in the foreign carrying tiade that Amer-
icans had. The remedy for the evil was to remove
those disabilities. He suggested that a certain
amount per ton, the exact figures to be obtained by
estimates, .should bo allowed «ia a drawback upon
eveiy vessel buiitm this country, as an equivalent
lor tiie duty paid on the copper, iron, cordage, sail-
cloth, Ac., used in hei construction, lie thought
that wiih these allowances American ship-builders
could compete with toreign nations.
"Mr. Snow. Speaking ol subsidies, our ship-own-
ei.-, a.> a rule, would oppose with all their influence
any subsidv, because it would be building up the in-
terests of a few to the prejudico of a great many.
It seemed rather paiadoxical that the ship-owner
who was interented in protection should at the same
time be in favor of free trade. The ship-owners of
the United States had now the whole coasting trade,
and > et they asked toi fi ee tia.de in their ships. It
might seem natuial for them to oppose free trade,
but they did not; they found that every nation in
tho woild was encouraging Iree trade in ships; they
found that alt nations had been forced, from one
cause or another, to recognize that their interests
lay in thathoitot free tiade. We also think that a
bonded wuiehouso system, such as they hav e in Eng-
i md, would be of much advantage to us. Prior to
the war, and prior to having any internal revenue
tax upon our goods, we did notleel the want ot a
bonded warehouse system; but now we do. It a
ship is taking among her stores a barrel of whisky,
for instance, instead of buying it, here out of bond,
at cost price and fiee of duty, she has to go to Eng-
land and buy it there ; because there she can get it
fieeot duty and here she cannot. In England, all
ships going abroad take their stores out of bond freo
of duty, which lessens very much the co.^t of I he out-
fit of the ship, llei e there is no such provision, and
we need it very much.
"Mr. Rowland. Taking the duty off iron might
heli> us some. Lt would make those Pennsylvania
people comedown in their pi ices, and then, instead
of^bmlding ships at the same prices or at greater
prices than they are built in England, I think we
could build them ten per cent, cheaper. It looks to
me like a. lack of enterprise among our merchants.
When an Englishman makes three or lour per cent,
on the capital invested he is quite well satisfied ;
but our people do not look at it in that light. Labor
cost more here, Out it was also worth more, in con-
sequence ot the supeiior intelligence of American
mechanics; so that if the duty were taken off mate-
liatsa ship would not cost any more here than in
England. The tax should come off iron used m the
construction of iron ships. There was a very fine
yard in Wilmington, Delaware, for the building of
iron vessels, and such vessels could easily be built
in Maine if they could have the iron m Maine as
cheap as they had it on the Clyde.
"Mr. Opdyke. The second. cause is the high duty
charged upon such loreign materials as enter into
the construction of our ships. Ships, after they are
built in this country, have to compete, without any
protection, with the ships of other countries. If we
chaige a high duty on the materials used in the
construction of our ships, their cost is necessarily
enhanced to that extent. And after they are fin-
ished, unlike our domestic manufactures that are
sold ut home, our ships enter on the ocean and have
to compete, even without any protection, with the
vessels of other countries. That I regard as a most
onerous exaction upon our shipping interest, and
one that has done much to cripple it.
" John Roach. America has lost her commerce;
and what has she obtained in exchange for iL? Sim-
ply the right for a few men to charge nine dollars
per ton, in gold, on the importation of pig iron I
" Pig iron was the basis of all other metals con-
nected with the making and repairing of ships*
There had been a revolution in ship-building, and -
iron was the material from which they were now
built. The high cost of iron, produced by the tariff
upon it, was one of the principal difficulties that our
commerce had to contend with.
"The cost of sailing ships after they came under
the American flag would be greater than their cost
would be to loreign ship-owners; but it was believed
that the ship-owners of America had sufficient en-
ergy, enterprise, and ability to overcome that dif-
ference just as the ship-builders of Maine thought
thai they could overcome the difference in the cost
of labor, <fcc., if the materials that entered into the
buildiug of their ships weie free of duty."
According to the last witness, these interests
have been sacrificed for the purpose of pro-
tecting the pig iron. " In order that a few men
may get a little more for their iron, American
commerce and American ship building have
been sacrificed."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator suspend until order is restored? The
business of the Senate will not be resumed
until order is restored. [A pause.]
Mr. JOHNSTON. If these witnesses are
right, the true cause of the decline of American
commerce and American ship-building is found
m the high prices of articles that enter intcl
the material for the construction of ships and
in the high price of labor. Then the cost of
running ships is increased by the high price
of stores caused by heavy taxation. Then it
is manifest 'that nothing can restore these in-
terests but the removal of those causes. If
we cannot build bhips as cheap as they build
them in England because the tariff is high and
because taxation makes living and materials
high, then, of course, the only resource left for
us is to rcducethe tariff, reduce taxation, and
thus reduce the cost of the building of ships,
and in that way restore this interest. But if
we had the ships we then cannot run them be-
cause the necessary stores cost more here than
they do in England, and a ship leaving New
York and another one of the same capacity
leaving Liverpool the Liverpool ship can be
run cheaper than the other, because the sup-
plies used there are cheaper there than they
are here. Therefore we can compete neither in
ship-building nor in running ships with England
or other European Powers until we enable our-
selves to build our ships and run them as
cheap as they do.
Then, what is the simple remedy? To re-
duce taxation, not add to it. When we find
these interests suffering from heavy taxation,
fiom the burdens that are imposed on the
country, the proposition is to add to that tax-
ation instead of reducing it, and thus add to
the causes that have produced this decline!
If the preseut rate of taxation is high and
we are burdened, of course as you increase
taxation, increase the annual sum to be paid
by the American people, you increase exactly
m that proportion the burdens that bear on
these interests. If the collection of $350,-
000.000 a \ear from the people overwhelms
and well-nigh debtroys these interests, the
addition of a large sum annually of course
can only increase, not diminish the evil.
Mr. WINDOM. As the Senator's time is
not limited, will he allow me to ask him a
question on that point?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. I understand him to state
that, the only reason we cannot now compete
with England upon this and other lines is that
we have a tariff which increases the price of
articles that enter into the manufacture of
ships, and if that were removed we could
compete with England. Was that the state-
ment of the Senator?
Mr. JOHNSTON. A high tariff and oner
ous internal taxation as well.
Mr. WINDOM. Now, I ask him this ques-
tion : on this very line between China and
Liverpool, Great Britain pays a subsidy of
$2,250,000. Great Britain has free ships, free
materials, and free trade. Does the Senator
mean to say that if we simply repeal our tariff
so as to reduce the price of the articles used
in ship-building, we can compete with them as
