J232
THE ,0PHGRE$SIONAL £LO$E.
February 27,
Oar relations with Spain are understood to
be delicate. " Our complications with Great
Britain, which it bad beeti hoped were in a fair
way of determination in a manner to remove
all possibility of hostilities, seem just now
to be in a disturbed condition, and possible
troubles hang like lowering clouds upon tlie
horizon. Is this a time to seek of ourselves
to embroil ourselves with a third and certainly
not less formidable Power? Would not the
possible success of making a point against this
Administration be earned at too frightfully
dear a price if it should subject us to accusa-
tions and liabilities such as we are now press-
ing against Great Britain?
These suspicions cast out against our Gov-
ernment ought not to be indulged in unless
upon good grounds, and if it be within the
knowledge of Senators that they are well
founded, it is no part of the duty of an Ameri-
can Senate to make inquisitions in favor of a
foreign nation. Whatever wrong may have
been done, if any, has been done, and we can-
not undo it save by making reparation. Is
it proposed that we shall be the ones, not only
to make the charge, but also to furnish the
proofs upon which the charge can be sustained ?
. the honorable Senator from Missouri
point edly inquires:
"Can you still indulge in the delusion that the
German Government are not as well aware of the
details of this case as you are, and perhaps even
better?"
If so, and there lias been a breach of our
neutrality laws, may we not patiently await
their presentation of a claim founded thereon?
And may we not accept their silence that this
his first question has_ no foundation in fact ?
I confess that there is something monstrous
in th'is demand, thus gravely urged upon an
American Senate, that they shall exliaust
their inquisitorial powers, for whatever motive,
in the attempt to fasten a breach of neutrality
upon our own Government; that they shall
drag to light the secret archives of the
nation, and pry into the secret acts and
motives of any official, high Or low, when
the result, if it amount to anything, can only
be to fix a stain upon the national honor!
I say if it amount to anything, because
the only commendable consideration which
could induce our action would be to vindicate
our Government. Vindication presupposes a
charge, and here. has been no charge pre-
ferred, except it may be in this Chamber;
and it is for the Senate to, vindicate itself as
a patriotic body in refusing to give its sanc-
tion to such an unwarrantable proceeding, and
not make itself particeps criminis therein.
Gentleman may indulge in rhetorical rhapso-
dies about the national honor and character.
These are quite as dear to me as thoy can be
to any other Senator, and I will go as far as
any one in maintaining them, but! do not pro-
pose to tfy whether t may not dig up something
derogatory to that character as a means of
maintaining it. I do not propose to use my
prerogatives as a Senator in aid of a Govern-
ment to which I have neyer owed allegiance
and never expect to.
I can join heartily in all the eloquent Sen-
ator from Missouri says of the high character
and true' patriotism 6f the honored few who
in the Parliament of Great Britain protested
against that course which their Government
v/as then pursuing, and warned them of the
danger in prophetic words that time has made
into the history "of the present. Gentlemen
might place themselves on the same high plat-
fornj, if the incidents which we are called upon
to investigate were now current, and an inter-
position were invoked to prevent a breach of
neutrality upon the part of orir Government,
into'which we were being precipitated by the
acts of the Executive. But to make the cases
parallel, and to furnish to gentlemen title to
share in the high praise awarded to the friends
of America in the British Parliament, it must
be shown that after the deeds had been done,
and now, when the hour for that reparation that
they had predicted had in fact arrived, these
British patriots had proposed a parliamentary
inquisition into the conduct ot their executive
officers, to see if with their better advantages
for exhuming the truth, and all the power
which belongs to such authority, they could
not fix the violation of neutral obligations upon
their executive. Friendly as they are to us,
honest as they were in their sense of duty,
bold as they were in standing up for the right
against an overwhelming current of popular
opinion, I venture to say that it has never
occurred to them that either honor or duty
required them to help us make out our case
against their Government. Gentlemen may
make higher or more fanciful codes for them-
selves, but for myself I am content to imitate
that practical morality of Cobden, Bright, and
their honored associates, which will strive to
keep our country out of difficulty, but stand
by it faithfully when it is involved in that
very difficulty that ought to have been avoided.
I fear that honorable Senators upon this
floor may live to see the day when a practical
people, finding no sympathy with their Quix-
otic ideas of fancied honor, will say of them
that they hated the President more than they
loved their country. And that day may come
right soon, if, succeeding in their wishes here,
they drag to light circumstances that may be
sufficient to fix upon our country a formidable
demand from a nation alien to the great
majority of our people.
Mr. President, having called the attention
of the Senate to one subject that, with due
deference, I submit ought not to be included
in any proposed investigation, I wish now to
invite your attention to another point sug-
gested by the debate that has occurred, that
in my judgment is equally beyond the sphere
of legitimate inquiry : 1 refer to an extension
of the investigation so as to include matters
relating to the dealings of citizens of the
United States with the then Government of
France.
It seems to be the purpose of Senators to
invite us to inquire whether the French Gov-
ernment has not been wronged by Mr. Rem-
ington or others. Whatever belongs to this
subject is a very proper matter for the investi-
gation of the courts in a case made for the
purpose, but in no respect within any legiti-
mate duty of the American Senate.
It is quite important for us to keep steadily
in mind the legitimate range of these congres-
sional inquisitions, lest in our zeal for ferret-
ing out possible frauds we violate the rights
of our citizens and convert bur committees into
so many star chambers to outrage private priv-
ileges, by dragging before the public the per-
sonal affairs of those over whom we have no
jurisdiction. A congressional committee should
never be permitted to inquire into circum-
stances which, when ascertained, cannot be
made the ground of congressional or executive
action. And therefore it has appeared to me
that the inquiry should stop short of ascer-
taining " the persons to whom such sales were
made." It is of no consequence to whom the
sales were made, in the view I have taken of
expediency and of power. And if the inquiry
be allowed, it will be left to the discretion of
the committee, in pressing the investigation of
this point, to go into matters that, in my judg-
ment, ought not to be inquired of, while within
that limit free range may be afforded for the
fullest investigation, so that if wrong has been
done it may be brought to light, and the guilty
be exposed and punished.
Having thus • briefly indicated what ought
not, in view of public policy and our authority,
to be inquired into, it remains only to point
out what we have a right to investigate, which
investigation I do not understand any one on
this floor opposes. Indeed, those who have
been hitherto over-zealous in objecting to in-
vestigations, have evinced a willingness to go
further than we perhaps ought to go. And
it iet because no one, will suspect me of over-
zeal for securing the rehomination of General
Grant that I have felt myself at perfect liberty
to express my convictions of the limit that
ought to be imposed upon this investigation.
If there be guilt let us know it; if any execu-
tive officer, whatever his rank, has violated liis
duties to this country; let it be made public;
if arms or other munitions of war have been
sold without authority of law, let that be made
known; if executive officers have entered, into
combinations to effect a purchase or sale of
arms belonging to the. United States at a price
less than that which, without such combina-
tion, could have been obtained therefor, such
conspiracy should be exposed and punished;
if money has been realized from such sale that
has not been covered into the Treasury, the
public have a right to know it. As a part of
the national income it is our right and our
duty to know the amount of proceeds of such
sales.
It is alike onr duty to aid the President in
seeing that the laws are faithfully executed.
And, Mr. President, all the public life of Gen-
eral Grant has been a lie if he does not grate-
fully accept such assistance. He needs no
eulogy from me, and I feel that we would be
doing him a kindness wllen we assist in giving
publicity to all the acts of his Administration.
Wrongs there may be. It would be strange
if in a country so extended, with an army of
officials so numerous, there should not be
very many instances of dereliction from duty.
A President can be neither omniscient nor
omnipresent. His responsibility attaches when
and only when a wrong being unquestionably
brought to his knowledge, he fails to apply the
remedy. If a corrupt military ring are un-
worthily controlling public affairs, drag them
to the light. Wherever a wrong is found expose
it. But do not pass judgment in advance of
investigation. I pray you all, and through you
the country, not to seize upon suspicions, and
without inquiry adopt them as accepted facts.
Let the discussion of the guilt of qfficials fol-
low and not precede investigation.
Mr. President, it is a right "guarantied by
the solemn sanctions of our Constitution that
the vilest criminal shall be fairly tried before
he is publicly condemned. And shall this
justice be denied to men whose lives have,
borne faithful testimony to their private and
public probity? It is due to them, it is duo
to. .public justice, the brightest jewel in a
nation's crown; it is due to ourselves and to
the high office with which we have been
intrusted, that we see to it that in the wild
rage against official misconduct we do not
take accusations for proofs, and thus involve
in a common disgrace the honorable and tho
conupt.
It is one of the evil symptoms of the times
that men are as liable to be cried down when in-
nocent as when guilty. No man's character
will shield him from suspicion. Indeed, it has
sometimes seemed as though'an endeavor with
rigid impartiality and unswerving integrity to
discharge the duties of public office was almost
the surest way to bring upon one's head a per-
fect torrent'of vilification and abuse. There
are evil men in this country in abundance
whose interest it is to make it impossible for
an honorable man who regards his character
to hold a responsible position under the Gov-
ernment,and the ready way Of. carrying into
effect their foul conspiracy is to join in a gen-
eral howl, which makes it impossible for the
public to discriminate between the honest and
the rascally, and so men conclude that all aro
corrupt alike. For one, I am not disposed to
join in this mad "rage for accusation. I know-
how easy it is for men to err in matters of
judgment, and am not disposed to say that
whoever differs from me must not only "be
wrong, but.also dishonest..
Thus it" ib charged" that G.eneral Dyer, an
officer of rare merit'and a gentleman of high
character, has gone beyond the limit of I113
