|872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3025
against $2,250,000 and all the advantages they
have, including that ot' cheap money, worth
'-'only about one half the interest we are paying?
Mr. JOHNSTON. The subsidized lines
^form a very small part of the commerce of
§Vither America or England. We cannot sub-
sidize all the ships we build ; neither can Eng-
land. If we subsidize this line we do not
Sbenefit other lines. I shall presently show
?the relative distances to be traversed by Eng-
land and the United States in competing for
sttais trade, and that we have, in that respect,
a protection which is equal to the subsidy Eng-
land gives her vessels, and that will be a suffi-
cient answer to the Senator's question.
High taxation, both internal and external,
by increasing the cost of material and labor,
" impair our commerce and render us unable to
ft-build ships. Yet it is illogically proposed to
-' make our taxation higher, and thus enable us
;' to do what we cannot do now. Having ascer-
'i tained the cause of our trouble, we propose to
f" aggravate and increase, instead of removing
t-i.it. The country staggers and is ready to fall,
f 'and Bome great interests do perish under the
iiimmense burden now imposed upon the in-
■ dussrv and energy of the people, and when the
^'camel's back is just ready to break we are
['•■asked to throw upon it, not the grain of sand,
[' but a mountain of sand.
This whole subject may be put in this brief
■" formula: the materials that enter into the
" ■ construction of ships and the labor employed
- in building them are so costly in the United
States that she cannot compete with England ;
nor can she run ships upon equal terms,
- because ship stores can be bought cheaper
in England than here. But why are all
- these things dearer here ihan in England?
£,• Because there is a heavy duty upon them here
p • and none in England. Then, by keeping up
or increasing these duties, we keep up and
I ' increase the greater cost of construction and
1 • Sailing ships. And the only pathway out of
;[' these troubles is through the reduction of tax-
..; ation. Economize in public expenditure, re-
. " duce taxation, take off the tariff from mate-
rials, and the whole problem is solved.
Mr. President, the distance to be traveled
: -relatively by American ships and Euglish ships
• to reach Japan, China, or Australia is cer-
tainly a very important element to be consid-
ered. If we are so much nearer those coun-
tries as to give us a great advantage, we have
what has been well denominated natural pro-
. tection. I wish, therefore, to call attention to
the distances.
Prom Liverpool to Calcutta is 11,379 nautical
miles; from Liverpool to Melbourne, 11.555
nautical miles ; from Liverpool to Java, 11,003
nautical miles; from Liverpool to Nankin,
18,003 nautical miles. From San Francisco
to some of these same points see the difference.
From San Francisco to Nankin is 6,900 miles;
from San Francisco to Melbourne is 7,500
miles; from San Francisco to Yokohama is
4,520 miles. So that suppose a ship to be
started out from England to go to Yokohama,
or Nankin, or Melbourne, it has to traverse
twice the distance, or more than twice thedis-
tance that one would going from San Francisco
to the same point; in other words, two vessels
plying between San Francisco and any of these
ports can do as much as four ot the same
capacity plying between these ports and Eng-
lish ports. In commerce "distance does not
lend enchantment to the view." We have that
advantage, therefore ; and if we cannot with-
out protection do as much with two vessels as
England can with four, we are not entitled to
have the commerce of the world. It they,
sailing or steaming twice the distance that we
do, can overcome us in a contest of the com-
merce of these countries, then we have no
American enterprise, and we do not deserve
to succeed.
Mr. President, I am under obligations to the
; Senate for its courtesy in suspending the rale
for my benefit, and have nothing more to add.
1 42d Cose. 2d Sess.—So. 190.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there is
now a contract existing between the Govern-
ment and this steamship line to pay $500,000
a year for monthly service. The proposition
before us is to have a semi monthly service
and pay $1,000,000 a year. Before I could
vote for this subsidy I should want to know
that it was necessary in order to sustain a
semi-monthly service. I am advised that the
business ol" this line is prosperous and grow-
ing. From the information I have, they have
got a start on which they can get along with
$500,000 a year and have a semi-monthly ser-
vice. I am advised that they are preparing to
put on additional ships anyhow, whether they
get an additional subsidy or not. For one, I
am not willing to vote another appropriation
of $5,000,000 to authorize a contract to be
made tor ten years at an increased compensa-
tion of $500,000 a year, unless I am satisfied
that it is necessary in order to secure import-
ant results. I want some evidence on that
subject.
Bear in mind that this line, as just stated
by the Senator from Virginia, has immense
advantages over any European line in the
shortness of distance. It is not subject to
the same competition and the same difficulties
that competing lines would be between New
York and Liverpool. It has got a subsidy, to
last some six years yet, of §500,000 a year,
and if the business of this line will now jus-
tify semi-monthly service, is it necessary that
we shall increase or shall double the subsidy?
I am in favor of building up Amefican com-
merce ; I am in favor of allowing materials to
be imported free for the building of iron steam-
ships. We have nothing to lose by that. We
are not building them now, and if we shall
allow materials to come in free for the pur-
pose of building these ships, we are not taking
from our manufacturers anything that they
now have. 1 would b„ opposed to allowing
bounties, because that would take mo.ney out
of the Treasury that has been paid in from
other sources ; but to allow materials to come
in free to build steamships is to allow mate-
rials to come in that are not now used as
furnished by American manufacturers.
But I am not prepared now to discuss that
question. I am not willing to vote an enorm-
ous subsidy of $1,000,000 a year to a single
steamship line unless there is some evidence—
and up to this time there has been none—that
this line cannotbe put on semi-monthly without
this subsidy. 1 am told they are now running
extra ships. I am toid they are now building
three extra ships, that the business demands
■it, and that the business will sustain it; and
from what I have heard I am advised that they
will put this semi-monthly service on anyhow,
subsidy or no subsidy. It they can get a sub-
sidy so much the better; but before they ask
Congress to vote this additional subsidy, let it
be shown that this semi-monthly line cannot
be sustained without it. We cannot justify
ourselves before the people of this country in
increasing this subsidy to $1,000,000 per an-
num unless it can be shown that it is necessary
for the commerce of this country.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I am
exceedingly rejoiced to hear the Senator from
Indiana enunciate what I think is so sound a
political sentiment. I was gratified when that
Senator told us the other day that he honestly
believed that $70,000,000 of taxation under
which the people were now laboring could be
relieved and stricken off from our tax bills.. I
cordially agree with the honorable Senator. 1
shall not vote for this subsidy. One ounce of
experience is worth pounds of theory. We
have tried subsidies to steamships years and
years ago. W'e raised the subsidy to the Col-
lins line from §300,000 to $800,000. We were
then told that the prosperity of the commerce
of this country demanded it. The subsidy was
raised, and the people's money went to that
experiment. What became of it? Let his-
tory answer. And now, when our taxes are
grinding the people in many of the agricul-
tural States almost to powder, we are asked to
double a subsidy to a prosperous line, which,
so far as my information goes, is not yet full,
the capacity of which for business is not yet
exhausted.
I feel a deep interest in the prosperity of
my country, I hope; I desire to see every
industry and all its arts prosper; but I will
never consent, with the present amount of
taxation, to be putting $500,000 or $1,000,000
a year into the hands of a company which we
are told is already prosperous and already
doing a large business, under the specious
guise that we are helping to improve our ship-
building.
I cannot agree with my honorable friend
from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] that this is a
step in the right direction. We can go abroad
and buy ships, and on foreign bottoms we can
float our flag and do all the business that this
country requires, without taxing our people
and getting no benefit in return. The war
has been over for years. Why has not ship-
building revived? It is because of your im-
mense, onerous duties upon iron. Let busi-
ness revive, let the debt be paid off, before we
attempt to increase these expenses.
Honorable gentlemen tell us that we ought
to relieve the country of seventy or eighty mil-
lion dollars of taxes this year. What sincer
ity can there be in that if the dominant party
intend, not in this subsidy alone, but in many
others which are to come after it, to put into
the hands of these various companies millions
and millions of dollars ? England is no ex-
ample to me as to her subsidies. However
prosperous she may be in some respects, what-
ever the amount of millions that she gives for
her mail service to steamships, I cannot shut
my eyes to the fact of the condition of her
population. The aristocratic few lord it over
the toiling millions who either have to go to a
silent doom or have to flee from their own
mother land to find an asylum in this couniry
for themselves and for their children 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. "WINDOM. lam somewhat surprised
at the reason given by the Senator who has
just taken his seat for opposition to this meas-
ure. He opposes it in one breath because we
formerly made an effort of this kind—I sup-
pose he refers to our experience in the Collins
line—which failed. Therefore, he argues, be-
cause aid to steamships failed, this is wrong 1
In the next place, he is opposed to it because
this line has been a success and is prosperous,
and therefore it is wrong! The reasons, it
seems to me, do not agree with themselves
very well.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me a single sentence?
Mr. WINDOM. Not out of my five min-
utes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope it will not be
taken out of the Senator's time. I say if it is
prosperous it does not need the subsidy.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Moetojt] also made reference to the
prosperity of this line. I stated yesterday,
and I think the figures will show it, that so
far as the development of commerce, so far
as the increase of the business of this country
is concerned, it has been a success; but the
statistics will also show that after the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad this company lost
on their Panama line over $900,000 the first
year, and that they have not been prosperous
is very clear from the price which their stocks
have borne in the market. Some years ago
their stock was very much above par, I think
at one time selling at some four hundred per
cent., and now it is down to sixty or seventy.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to make a statement not to come out of his
time ?
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly, on that con-
dition.
