1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
out in the third line of section twelve, after the
word "expenses," the words "in visitingdif-
ferent mints and assay offices," and inserting
in lieu thereof " actually incurred in visiting
different mints and assay offices, to be paid only
on vouchers verified on oath."
Mr, KELLEY. I accept the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. If the House accepts it, then
I will not trouble it with any remarks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment. I move to strike out "$5,000,"
in linesfive andsix. and insert "$3,500;" so it
will read, "to the superintendents of mints at
Philadelphia and San Francisco, each $3,500."
The SPEAKER. Thereis aseriesof amend-
ments pending offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Burchard] yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that the gentleman from Illinois offers them
one by one.
Mr. BURCHARD. I presented them , all
together.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will then report
the first amendment offered by the gentleman
from Illinois.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out "$5,000 " and insert "$4,500;" so it will
read, " to the superintendents of the mints at Phil-
adelphia and Sail Francisco, each $4,500."
Mr. BURCHARD. That, I understand, has
been substantially voted on.
The SPEAKER. It has been disposed of
by the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and the Clerk will read the next
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out "S3,500," in line seven, so it will read,
" to the nssayers, melters and refiners, and coiners
of those mints, each $3,000."
Mr. BURCHARD. The amendment in line
five has not been voted on, as I understand.
Mr. KELLEY. It has been agreed to, and
the salary of the chief Director has been fixed
at $4,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But it has not
been voted on in line six.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
again read.
Tlie Clerk read as follows :
In lines five and six strike out "$4,000," and in-
sert " $4,500;" so it will read, "to the superintend-
ents of the mints at Philadelphia and San Fran-
cisco, each $4,500."
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Illinois moves to
strike out "$5,000" and insert "$4,500,"
and the gentleman from Ohio moves to make
it "$3,500 "
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to be heard on
that. I wish to call the attention of the House
to the fact that while they are largely increas-
ing the responsibilities of these offices of super-
intendents of the mints at Philadelphia and
San Francisco, they propose to largely reduce
their pay. Those officers are now receiving
$4,500. This bill transfers to them the duty
of treasurer, for which a large salary has been
paid. It puts on them the responsibilities of
that office, and requires theni to give a heavy
bond, for all of which it is proposed to reduce
their salaries $1,000 per annum. Now, I am
as anxious for economy as the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Burchard,] or the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.^ I am perfectly
willing to see these salaries remain at the
figure at which they now stand, but it should
be borne in mind that there are no more
responsible financial officers in the_ country,
none requiring a higher order of integrity,
none whose blunders or whose crimes would
be more difficult of detection. They are to
have charge not only of your bullion and of
your coin, but of your standard of weight
and fineness, and of the coin selected for
testing annually by a commission the ndelity
with which the standard weight and fineness
of our coin are maintained; and in this day
of high prices you
will not be able to com-
mand the services of men to whom such duties
should properly be confided, for the sum pro-
posed by the gentleman's amendment to the
amendment. Make the salaries of those offi-
cers each $3,500 per annum, and I apprehend
no gentleman fitted to properly discharge the
duties of those offices will enter into bonds
of a quarter or half a million dollars, and
assume the extraordinary duties devolved on
them, with a salary diminished so largely. I
I think it is an effort at economy as unwise as
ever was made, and in its results, instead of
being economy, it may be to debase the coin-
age, or lead to the loss of large sums of money
to the Government. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have already
cut off $1,000.
Mr. KELLEY. From the existing office ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. From the chief
,offieer now provided for in this twelfth sec-
tion.
Mr. KELLEY. That is from the proposed
salary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Wehavereduced
the salary of the chief officer from $5,500 a
year to $4,500, and as the bill now stands it
proposes that the subordinates under the chief
shall have the same salary as the chief. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has told you of
the duties of these officers. I say to the gentle-
man, that the treasurer of the Mint at Phil-
adelphia, the officer he refers to as one whose
duties are to be swallowed up by those of the
officer now under consideration, has at pres-
ent $3,500. It is true that the treasurer of the
mint at San Francisco gets $4,500. I see no
reason why there should be such disparity
between the two, and I do not think it will
be wrong to put the amount at $4,000. But
to put the salaries of these officers at the same
rate as that of their chief, who has control of
all the business, is manifestly wrong. I mod-
ify my amendment so as to make the amount
$4,000, which will make the scale $4,500 for
the highest officer, $4,000 forthe second grade,
and $3,500 for the grade still lower, striking
an average between the present salary of the
treasurer at Philadelphia and the higher salary
of the treasurer at San Francisco.
Mr. KELLEY. If I may be permitted, I
desire to say that I am not contemplating
symmetry in offices. I am contemplating such
payment for such duty as will probably secure
integrity and capacity, and I do not think
$4,500 is inadequate pay for an office the
duties of which we are nearly doubling, the
responsibilities of which we are increasing ten
thousand fold, and which has been hitherto
regarded as deserving of $4,500. The officer
at San Francisco now receives $4,500, $3,000
as Assistant Treasurer of the United States,
and $1,500 as treasurer of the Mint. It is, as
I said before, increasing the duty, adding
enormous responsibilities, and at the same
time reducing the pajr upon the simple plea
that the scale of salaries will be made more
symmetrical.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Mr.
Speaker, with great reluctance I intrude my-
self at this moment on the attention of the
House; but it seems to me that this legisla-
tion, or this discussion of matters of legisla-
tion, occupying the House out of all reason-
able proportion to its interest, is^ something
which the country will reject. This Congress
has been in existence for nearly a year, and dur-
ing that whole time there has been scarcely one
act of legislation which has had a tendency to
protect or in the slightest degree to advance
the great commercial interests of this country,
upon which all our prosperity depends. And
here we are discussing a question of salary
to the officers of a mint, when, if things go on
as they are at present, we will soon have no
money to pay officers. .
To-day the rate of interest in England is
two and a half per cent, per annum, while m
the city of New York it has lately been as high
as three hundred per cent, per annum. Our
great commercial interests are suffering, and
looking to this body for protection, and I
believe, I say it boldly, that if a vote were
taken to-day the country would direct that the
members of this body return to their avoca-
tions in other pursuits. I therefore move to
strike out the enacting clause in this bill, so
that we may proceed to something of which
the country is more in need at this time than
the discussion of mints and coinage.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is the
motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Townsend] subject to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to know if it be subject to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not subject to amend-
ment, nor is it debatable. The question is on
the motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Townsend] to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. I would like the Chair to state
to the House the effect of that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
it is a process of decapitation. [Laughter.]
The question being put, the House divided;
and there were—ayes 59, noes 48; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Kelley, and Mr. Townsend
of New York, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 61.
Mr. DICKEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 100, not voting
61 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Beck, Bell, Biggs,
Bird, James &. Blair, Braxton,Bright, Caldwell,Car-
roll, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Critclier. Crossland, Davis,
Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Dunnell, Edwards, Eldridge,
Ely, Farnsworth, Garrett, Hale, Hambleton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T.Harris, Hay,
Hereford, Herndon, Hibbavd, Hoi man, Kerr, King,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McCor-
mick, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, Merrick,
Morgan, Niblack.Hosea W.Parker J3H Perry ,_Peters,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts. Roosevelt. Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Stevens.
Swann.Terry.DwightTownsend.TuthiU.Van Trump,
Vaughan.Waddell,Warren, Wells,Whitthorne. Wil-
liams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—77
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bmgham, Austin Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buflinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Con-
ger, Cotton, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Eames,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, W ilder d. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Goodrich, Ilalsey, Harrner, George E. Har-
ns, Havens, Gerry AV. Hazleton, John \V. Hazleton,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Ketcham.Killinger, Lamport, Lansing,Lowe.Lynoh,
Maynard.McClelland.MoCrary.McJunkm.Merriam,
Benjamin F Meyers.Monroe. Moore.Leonard Myers,
Orr, Packard, Palmer. Isaac C. Parker. Peck, Pendle-
ton, Perce. Piatt. Poland, Randall, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rusk, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, bheldon,
Shellabarger, Sherwood. H. Boardman Smith, John
A Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stoughton.Strong.Tuffe,1Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Turner, Twiehell. Tyner, Upson. VVakeman.
Walden.Waldron,Wallace/Walls,Wheeler Willard,
Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—100.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Banks,
Barnum. Bigby, James Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin
F.Butler,Campbell,Cobb, Comingo. Creels Darrall,
De Large, Elliott, Farwell, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Gets, Golladay, Griffith. Haldeman, Hawley, Hays,
Kendall, Kinsella, McGrew, McKee, MeNeely, Mer-
cur, Mitchell, Morey,Morphis.Negley,Packer,Aaron
F Perry, Porter, Potter, Price, Pnridle, Kainey,
Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Sawyer, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Thomas J. Speer, Stevenson, tetorm.btowell, St John,
Sutherland, Sypber, Voorhees, Whiteley, John 1.
Wilson, and Young—61.
So the motion to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to
consent to have this bill recommitted. I have
a motion pending, to strike out the whole of
this twelfth section, which I did_ not wish to
press, and yet on further examimftion 1 am
satisfied that the bill involves a very consid-
erable increase in salaries generaljv. I have
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 22.
