1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3921
country, it is idle to pay that the home manu-
facture requires this high duty.
For these reasons, while 1 would not destroy
the production in this country, I would relieve
the laboring classes of the country and the
afflicicd of the land, because it is to the bed-
Bide of the -sick man, to the bedside of the
sick widow and her child, that you go with
quinine and there collect the revenue that you
lay upon it here. If you reduce or remove
the duty upon tea and coffee because they are
used by the poorer classes, why not now re-
duce the tax upon quinine used by the poor,
and not only the poor, but the distressed and
afflicted poor of the land? There is less rea-
son for the maintenance of this tax upon
quinine, I submit, than there is forataxuppn
any article that is embraced in all the list of
your tariff.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not see
the chairman of the committee here. This
article is productive of a very large amount
of commerce with the South American repub-
lics. It takes an immense amount of bark to
make a pound of quinine. The Senator is
decidedly mistaken in supposing that the cost
of the manufacture is not increased by the use
of alcohol. While we may export alcohol in
bond, we cannot use it for the manufacture
of quinine or any other arlicle without its
being subject to the tax and the payment of it.
The present, duly upon this article is forty-five
per cent. It was reduced by the Committee on
Finance to twenty-five per cent. I esteem
that as the very minimum upon which the
trade can be continued for a momeot.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to say a very few
■words in reply to the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Alcorn.] His argument is based upon
the assumption that the duty upon quinine is
such as to exclude the foreign article and
thereby impose a heavy tax upon those who
use it. Now, I have in my hands a statement
furnished to me, and it is verified by printed
circulars, showing what the price of quinine
is in London. This refers to a debate which
took place in the Senate at the time the Senate
bi'll was before us, when the statement was
made that quinine here cost one hundred and
fifty per cent, more than it otherwise would
if this duty were not on it:
" Is it meant one hundred and fifty per cent, more
than they would pay were quinine free? If he has
Access to reliable quotations, he will find that. Eng-
lish (Howard's) quinia is now held at 7s. 9</. per
ounce in London: aud we inelose a list of prices
from the London Public Ledger—one of the oldest
and bestuiercantile papers in the world—to confirm
our statement. Seven shillings and ninepence,
taking the shilling at twenty-five cents £old, is equal
to SI 94 gold. T-n percent, gold premium is equal
to .19, making the cost equal to $2 13 of our
currency per ounce in first hands, (without duty.)
During 1871 it reachedas high as eight shillings in
London, and the same in January, 1872.
"One of our London correspondents wroteusuuder
diiteot January 25,1872, 'English quinia is wanted
at eight shillings for immediate delivery, but none
to be had thereat.' "
Eight shillings, at twenty-five cents gold a
shilling, is equal to two dollars gold. Gold at
ten per cent, premium is equal to .20, or $2 20
of our currency per ounce in first hands, (with-
out duty.)
"The great bulk of the sulphate of quinia sold
last year by the American manufacturers was con-
tracted for at $2 30 per ounce, currency, and at this
time it is held by them at $2 50 per ounce, currency:
the advance of twenty cents being due to the higher
rates asked for Peruvian barks of equally good
test."
Mr. President, as has already been said,
the cinchona bark, of which the quinine is
made, gives employment to quite a number of
vessels in the commercial trade between this
country and South America. Instead of'..here
being large corporations manufacturing this
article, as the Senator from Mississippi seems
to be under the impression, there are, if I am
correctly informed, three firms—private firms,
not incorporated companies. There is one
firm, of Powers & Weightman, in Philadelphia;
anoiher, ofLennig & Company, and the name
of the firm in New York I am not acquainted
42d Cong, 2d Sess.—-No, 246.
with ; but it does require a large outlay of
capital, and these gentlemen have invested
largely in the manufacture of this article. To
manufacture it here they have to pay the
internal revenue tax upon alcohol, an article
which enters largely-into the manufacture of
quinine, as it has to be used in the maceration
of the bark. When you take the difference in
labor in onrcountry, the difference in the rate
of interest upon capital, and the tax which they
pay upon alcohol, those differences exceed
really the'difference which is here said to exist
between the price of the article in the London
market and the price at which it has been sold
in our own market.
■ In addition to that, my information is that
the product in Frauce and in England and in
Germany does not more than supply their own
demands ; and as an evidence of that, my in
formaiion is that during the German war the
price of quinine went up there very largely in
consequence of the cessation of the manufac-
ture at that time.
So that it is simply a question of whether
we will continue this rate of duty of twenty-five
per cent., which is not more than sufficient to
compensate these manufacturers for the differ-
ence in the rate of wages, and in the internal
tax which they pay to our own Government
upon alcohol, for an article of which wc have
a supply here, by manufacturing it in our own
country, that is already sufficient. If this rate
of duty were taken off, in all probability the
commerce in cinchona bark would be diverted
entirely to France and England. Then, at
their lower rate of wages and their exemption
from internal taxation, they might make tbat
article at a very slight cost below what we
make it here ; but the reduction of the duty
would not reduce the price to any appreciable
extent according to the figures which 1 have
given, and I can show the gentleman that
they come from sources which are entitled to
credit.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask the Senator, under
the statement of facts which he presents,
whether it would be possible now, with the
price of quinine as he states it in London
and in France, to dislodge the manufactu-
rers of the article in Philadelphia aud New
York, with the large capital they already have
invested in the manufacture of the article?
Inasmuch as we derive no revenue from qui
nine, why should we, in the presence of the fact
that the Senator states himself, conSinue the
duty upon it?
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator is mistaken in
supposing that we derive no revenue from it.
Mr. ALCORN". Orily $5,000 last year.
Mr. SCOTT. But I am speaking now of
the revenue paid by the persons who do manu-
facture it to the Government upon the alcohol
which they use, which is much larger than the
revenue from the foreign article.
Mr. ALCORN. We export alcohol from
this country, and the alcohol that we here use
in the manufacture of quinine is a mere baga-
telle, it seems to me.
Mr. SCOTT. But when we export alcohol
we release the tax upon it; we get no tax.
Mr. ALCORN. That is true; but the tax
upon the item of alcohol used in the manu
fuclure of quinine is a mere bagatelle, and so
far as the labor, it is science, it is in the lab-
oratory and not manual labor that is used in
the manufacture of quinine.
Mr. KELLOGG. It will be remembered
that when the tariff bill was under considera-
tion by the Senate some weeks since, I made
a motion to strike out the .tariff upon quinine
and put that article on the free list, and that
motion was lost by only one vote. At that
time there was a little question as to the cor-
rectness of certain statistics that I made use of,
and I find thetn again questioned here to-night
in apparently a more authentic form. Directly
after that discussion I received a letter, almost
a duplicate of that read by my friend from
Pennsylvania, from the same firm, a firm doing
business in the city of Philadelphia. The his-
tory of that firm in connection with the manu-
facture of quinine is illustrative of the force of
the argument made by my friend from Missis-
sippi.
In 1856, and down to 1'859, if my memory
serves me right, the tariff on quinine was
fifteen per cent, ad valorem only, and since
that time by a steady increase, mysterious' to
everybody, the duty on quinine has gradually
crept up to forty-five per cent, ad valorem,
where it stands to-day. In 1860, in view of
the fact that fifteen per cent, tariff was put
upon quinine, ceriain men were induced to
come Irom Paris and locate in New York,
where they purchased a large amount of prop-
erty and engaged in the business of manufac-
turing quinine from the raw material, Peruvian
bark being imported free of duty. Thereupon
the Philadelphia firm, the only one then en
gaged in this manufacture, the same firm that
sends this circular here, forthwith put down
the price of quinine more than seventy-five
per cent., and continued to press it .down until
they actually broke up the French firm and
drove them out of the country, aud they had to
sell their property at a sacrifice. No sooner
had they turned their backs upon this country
than the price of quinine was put up one'hun-
dred percent., and Congress was induced very
mysteriously, under what was called the war
tariff, after 1861, unbeknown to anybody—
nobody could understand it; it is one of those
mysterious things that have occurred in legist
lation in regard to duties on manufactured
articles in this country in the interest of
monopolies—to increase the tariff to forty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
Now, this firm have been busy writing
letters to Senators since the debate some two
months since; they have laid on our tables a
printed circular, an exact duplicate of that
read by my friend from Pennsylvania. They
are not willing now to take the amendment
proposed by the House fixing ten per cent.
ad valorem, but they are willing to take that
proposed by our committee of twenty five per
cent., which is a reduction of twenty per cent.
That they cheerfully take.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Louisiana how much it was
that the duty was raised during the time of
the war?
Mr. KELLOGG. The tariff of 1861 I think
increased it from fifteen to forty-five per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That would
be thirty per cent., and yet I understand the
Senator from Louisiana to say that the, man-
ufacturers put up the price one hundred per
cent., and we only increased the duty thirty
per cent.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir. I said that
when the Paris firm bad been broken up in
New York by these men putting the price
down and driving them out of tile country, no
sooner had that firm turned their backs on the
country than the price went up immediately.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. One hundred
per cent,.?
Mr. KELLOGG. Very nearly ; from sev-
enty-five to one hundred per cent., strange as
it may appear.
Mr. SAWYER. I will state exactly how
the increase of duties was made. The duty
was twenty per cent, in 1846. The tariff of
18o7 made it fifteen per cent. It remained
fifteen per cent, until March, 1861, when it
was carried up to twenty per cent. In August,
1861, it was carried to thirty per cent., and in
1862 it was carried to forty-five per cent.,
! where it has remained until this time.
Mr. KELLOGG. So in 1859 it was fifteen
per cent. ?
Mr. SAWYER. From 1857 to 1861 it was
fifteen per cent.
Mr. KELLOGG. That was my recollection.
I was about to say that it was evident that the
two principal firms were content with this
amendment. It is a matter of vital interest
