1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ator's speech just made is to create the im-
pression that 1 had advanced a different and
contrary sentiment. That mode of debate is,
in my opinion, more ingenious than ingenuous.
Again, sir, I claimed that the people of this
country had a sensitiveness to the country's
honor equal to the sensitiveness of the Ger-
mans for the rights of Germans, and I am
charged with trying to invoke national pre-
judices. That, on the contrary, is what I
deprecated. What is the object of this reso-
lution, or rather what is presumed to be its
effect? It is recognized in the country as
calculated to direct the German vote against
the Administration! This is the appeal that
is made to national prejudice. Let me tell
the Senator from Missouri that he had better
not unchain the lion of national prejudice.
The resolution and his speech sought to
unchain it that it might do its work at the
White House at the other end of the avenue,
and no sooner does the lion lift his mane and
show his teeth to the Senator than he calls on
me to call off the animal. Although he tells
vis that a thousand men would not make his
heart quail, he says he does not wish national
prejudice invoked. Neither do I, and there-
fore I deprecate the resolution and the speech
of the Senator.
The Senator tells us that all these details
were known in Prussia, and so these unusual
proceedings can do the country no harm.
When was it known that the Senate of the
United States had, as we are now called to do,
declared that the good name of this country
was compromised V When was it known that
we considered an investigation of the conduct
of our nation necessary? When was it known
that we had found on that investigation the
country guilty, as we are about to do, if the
Senator's assurance now given that the charge
will be too fearfully proven shall prove trne?
No, sir, this never will be known in Germany
or elsewhere, and I trust that the chord of
friendship existing between these great nations
will not thus unnecessarily be weakened.
As to the general-order business, all I in-
tended on yesterday was to show that the char-
acter of an honest man could not be seriously
damaged by the mere logical syllogism of the
Senator; that could only be done by proof.
1 will not now enter into that question. The
report of the committee will be here, and we
will know whether it be true, as the Senator
has said, that officials of the custom-house
referred to are robbers, and have had their
arms in the Treasury.
The Senator says that he hopes this Gov-
ernment will not sneakingly cover up this arms
transaction. This Government, I trust the
Senator knows, does not sneakingly do any-
thing.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me? I think there he has misunderstood me.
I misunderstood him so frequently that we
shall be even on that point once more. I said
that those would not be the true patriots who
would advise this Government in a sneaking
way to cover up things.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very well; I
did not undertake to give the gentleman's
exact words. The idea is very similar. I
can assure the Senator that there is 110 danger
of the Government or its friends ever sneak-
ing. But while this is true, we hesitate long
before we roughly seize the beautiful form of
our nation's honor and integrity and draw it
into this arena to wrestle and scuffle with her
as if she was made more chaste and refined
by the gross and unseemly exercise.
Mr. President, this is the first time in our
history that the American Senate has been
called upon to take ground against our own
country; and whatever laurels there are to be
gained m this enterprise those who inaugu-
rated it are welcome to.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony. ) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] was adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
question stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion is to recon-
sider.
Mr. MORTON. Let what is to be recon-
sidered be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will be stated.
The Chief Clerk. The following words
were inserted in the resolution on the motion
of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conk-
ling:]
And that said committee also inquire and report
whether any member of the Senate, or any other
American citizen, is or has been in communication
or collusion with the Government or authorities of
France, or with any agent or officer thereof, in refer-
ence to said matters.
The question is on reconsidering the vote
agreeing to this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish only to call
attention to the reason for entering this motion
to reconsider the vote on the adoption of that
amendment. It will be but a reiteration of
what I said before, but it is some days ago, and
it will bring it, perhaps, more particularly to
the notice of the Senate.
The subject-matter of inquiry in the amend-
ment is not pertinent at all to the subject-
matter of the resolution. One is to inquire
into the sales of arms by the Government, and
the other to inquire into the conduct of Sen-
ators. Manifestly the two things have no con-
nection together, and the reason why I made
the motion was that it was understood very
generally in the Senate that the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York was
aimed at the Senator who moved the resolu-
tion of inquiry into the sale of arms by the
Government which went to the French, and
the Senator from Missouri, who had taken a
prominent part in the debate.
It being understood that this amendment
was aimed at those Senators, to inquire whether
they had had improper intercourse with agents
of foreign Governments, it is apparent to every
one that if the amendment becomes a part of
the resolution those Senators cannot with pro-
priety be members of the committee. It is
proposed to raise a select committee of seven
to inquire into the French-arms matter. It is
proposed now to add as an amendment to that
an inquiry into the Senators instrumental in
bringing the subject of inquiry in regard to
the sale of arms before the Senate. That
would exclude them from the committee, and
of all persons in the Senate, certainly those
Senators, or one of thein at least, who have
paid so much attention to this subject,, should
go upon the committee; and it is because I
think it proper that one of them should go on
the committee that I have moved to reconsider
the vote by which we adopted the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York. If it
is reconsidered, I should then be in favor of
sending the subject-matter of that amendment
to some other committee. It is not because I
am opposed to the inquiry proposed by the
Senator from New York that I make the mo-
tion, but with a view, when it shall be recon-
sidered, if it is reconsidered, that that subject
may go to some other committee, and that the
committee proposed to be raised by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts may not be embar-
rassed in its composition by another question
that does not properly belong to it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the Senator from
New York was adopted, and if it be recon-
sidered I shall vote against that amendment,
unless some reason shall be given which has not
yet been assigned why it should be adopted;
not simply for the reason that is stated by the
Senator from Illinois, but for this further and
amply sufficient reason, at least to me, that I
have heard not one particle of evidence nor
any statement of any kind that lays the
slightest foundation for the amendment offered
by the Senator from New York, and I am not
willing to say that we shall go into an investi-
gation of anybody, Senator or any one else,
unless some foundation is laid for the investi-
gation. There must be some reason to sup-
pose that there is something to investigate.
We are referred to a statute, the third section
of the crimes act, and now let us see what
that is:
"If any person, beinga citizen ofthe United States,
whether he be actually resident or abiding within
the United States, or in any foreign country, shall,
without the permission or authority of the govern-
ment of the United States, directly or indirectly
commence or carry on any verbal or written curie-
spondence or intercourse with any foreign Govern-
ment, or any officer or agent thereof, with an intent
to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign
Government, or of any officer or agent theieof, in
relation to any disputes or controversies with the
United States, or defeat the measures of the Govern-
ment of the United States; or if any person, being a
citizen of, or resident within the United States, and
not duly authorized, shall counsel, advise, aid, or
assist in any such correspondence, with intent as
aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and on conviction before any court of
the United States having jurisdiction thereof, shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding $5,000, and by
imprisonment during a term not less than six months
nor exceeding three years."
Now, sir, what has been stated here by a
single Senator that gives the slightest reason
to believe that that statute has been violated?
It will be observed that this is a communica-
tion or correspondence " in relation to disputes
or controversies with the ITniied S ates;" that
is, disputes between a foreign Government, and
the United States. What dispute have we with
Prussia? What dispute have we with France?
None whatsoever. Butthereis an.ither thing:
" or to defeat the measures of the Government
of the United States." What measure of the
Government of the United States is it pre-
tended that any Senator on this floor has at-
tempted to defeat? Yet unless the correspond-
ence was for the purpose of influencing a
foreign Government iti some matter that is in
controversy between that Government and the
Government ofthe United States, or unless it
was with intent to defeat a measure of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, no erime has
been committed.
And now I put it again to the mover of this
amendment, or to anybody else, what act of
any Senator or of anybody else is there that
has been done of which he complains with the
intent to influence the action of either the
Prussian or of the French Government in
any controversy between those Governments
and the Government of the United States, or
with the intent to defeat any measure of the
Government of the United States? There is
absolutely none. Iu the first place, there is
no controversy between us and either of those
Governments; and in the next place, there is
no measure of the Government of the United
States that anything which has been spoken
of could tend to defeat. I say, therefore, I
am not willing to vote for this investigation
unless some foundation is laid lor it.
Sir, I am willing to vote for investigation
wherever there is any reasonable grouud to
suppose that there has been a violaiion of law
or an omission to conform to the duty that
devolves on a public officer; and I would be
the last man to undertake to screen a member
of this body who had violated the law; but I
will not vote for an investigation of anybody
unless I see some reason to believe that there
has been something wrong; and I certainly
will not shake a statute, with dungeons and
penalties in it, in the face of a Senator who
has simply invited an investigation into public
officers, unless somebody can lay his hand on
something that shows there is reason to sup-
pose that Seuator is guilty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Ohio quite comprehends this case.
