3026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mr. MORTON. This is to subsidize a line
from California to China. If that line in it-
self is prosperous or is a paying line, with
$500,000 a year subsidy, that is a reason why
we should not, grant, additional subsidy ; but
because the old Panama line is unprofitable
now and has been, we cannot afford to grant
a subsidy on the Chinese line to make up for
the losses on the Panama line.
Mr. W1NDOM. The subsidy which this
company now receives is applied, it is true,
to the main stem or main line ; but they give
us, besides, a service of over three hundred
and sixty-six thousand miles in the aggregate
per annum, for which we pay no subsidy what-
ever. I refer to these matters because they
are to be taken as a whole The law applies
simply to the main line, but they do a large
service to the Government over and above that
without subsidy.
The Senator from Indiana also desires some
reasons why this is necessary ; he wants some
evidence on that subject. 1 refer the honor-
able Senator to the evidence given us by the
executive department of the Government.
Every year for the last four years the Post-
master General has appealed to Congress for
its assistance in securing increased service on
this line. The Secretary of the Treasury says
that some aid is necessary to secure additional
service or that our commerce is to be ruined.
The President of the United States, in his last
two messages, in December, 1870 and 1871,
appeals to Congress for the same thing. Now,
1 present the views of these officials who have
examined the subject, who say that, something
is necessary to increase the service. The
company ask nothing more to maintain the
present service; but, if you require the doub-
ling of th" service, there must be some addi-
tional aid. t will give the Senator another
reason why this is necessary. 1 (inil in the
New York Stockholder of April oO the fol-
lowing :
" Transpacific Steu.ni JS'aviimtioii Company—A prom-
inent, London journal announces the registration of
a company with this title, lor the purpose of lim-
ning a line ol steamers between the ports ot China
Mid Japan ami to a port on the Pacific, connectinj£
With the Anioi loan system ot railways. The capital
is tixed at ip3.750,000, a l,ipoi lion of winch, it is
announced, has been subscribed by the ducctors
and their friends. The directors are said to bo influ-
ential and practical men m steamboat enterprise,
and consist of 111. 11. Green, banlior. London: Gibson
Unman, merchant, Bradford ; W. Jalt, London, and
Into ot Japan; William iMicol, ship-owner, Liver-
pool; William Malcolm, non-master, Wilts; and W.
Wetmore Crydor, merchant, London. The managers
announced are Malcolm, Hudson & Co., London, and
Hudson, Malcolm & Co., Japan, witb power to ap-
point sub-agents. Should this new enterprise be
successlully organized, we shall in due time have
two lines of steamers between our Pacific poits and
the eastern empires of China and Japan. Mr. Green
is known in American bu-nness circles as an active,
ener 'otic man, and onewliocontrols a largo capital.
The other gentlemen named are also inostb known
here, and are of the highest respectability.''
This is entirely authentic and confirmed by
private advices from London. There has beeii
already organized in London a company to
run another line between the same points, a
company that will be subsidized undoubtedly
by the British Government, as they now sub-
sidize their line to China. If we choose to
say we will not render any assistance fox-
increased mail service on this route the new
English company will come in and drive us
from the Pacific as we have been driven from
the Atlantic; and we shall reap our x'eward
wilhin the next year probably.
Mr. COLE. I wish in the five minutes !
allowed me to present this matter in a light in i
which it has not probably been presented !
before. These vessels are essentially war ves- 1
sels. By the oiiginalbill that authorized the j
establishment of this line it was provided that I
before the vessels should be received they i
should be inspected by some skillful naval con- i
struetor, an officer of the United States Navj, ■
who was to be appointed by the Secretary of •
the Navy, and make his report before the ves- j
sels were to be received. They are war vessels !
in this sense, that every one of them to-day car- j
ries an armament, not a full battery, I con-
| cede, but several very effective guns, and equal
| in combat, each of them, probably, to any ves-
sel of war of either of the nations with which
they are trading. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is that
all the vessels hereafter shall be so constructed
as to be readily converted into vessels of war,
transformed in a moment as it were in a case
of necessity, and the bill provides that they
may be taken at any time for the service of
the Navy Department.
Now, Mr. President, such being the char-
acter of the vessels, let me ask the attention
of the Senate to another view that tnay be
taken of this matter.
We have expended, as was stated here yes-
terday, between three and four hundred mil-
lions in the last decade upon the Navy. We
are now expending full twenty millions on the
average a year, not to build vessels, but to
keep them in order; and it has been stated
here, and not denied, that the effective ves-
sels in our Navy now are less than forty. So
that you expend every year a half million
dollars upon every vessel of war that you have
capable of service to-day. That is not
counted; all that goes for naught; it is of as
little use to the nation as if it, were sunk in the
sea. Now, the proposition is, by the expendi-
ture of $500,000 a year to add half a dozen or
a dozen vessels to your Navy, and to cause to
be invested in such, vessels which are to be
used for the Navy, and to be kept m repair
without *any expense to the Government—
vessels, I say, which would cost and will cost
five or ton million dollars. By this expendi-
ture you virtually put that amount of capital
into your Navy.
Mr. NORWOOD. If the Senator will allow
me, (and with the consent, of the Senate, he may
hiive the five minutes I might occupy on this
amendment in answering my questions,) I
desire to put some inquiries to him.
Mr. COLE. If agreeable to the Senate, of
course ! am willing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. NORWOOD. I should like to know
of the Senator why it is that this line, which
has been running for seven years, and which in
the beginning had a subsidy of $500,000, and
which has gone on increasing and prospering,
should now require double that subsidy for
double that, service? In other words, if they
could run on the subsidy of $500,000 seveix
years ago when the trade was in its infancy
and probably making very little profit, and it
has increased its profits every year till now,
why with a double service do they require a
double subsidy ?
Mr. COLE. I will answer the Senator, I
think, to his satisfaction. The vessels of this
company have been running for the last twenty
years or more between New York, by way of
Panama, and San Francisco. By the comple-
tion of the Pacific railroad, travel and trade
were diverted across the continent, and some
of the larger vessels the company had on hand
at that time they were able to use in establish-
ing this line across the Pacific. Therefore
they were not required to build the fleet neces-
sary to carry on this line at once. They have
since that time built, as the reports show, four
new vessels, each of which cost sometlxing
over a million dollars, vessels of over four
thousand tons burden, among the largest ves-
sels afloat. Now, to double the service, it
will require an additional supply of new ves-
sels, which undoubtedly will cost over a mil-
lion apiece and number four or five.
Mr. NORWOOD. Now the Senator will
pardon me a moment again. The bill pro- i
vides that those vessels shall be American bot- j
toms. Does not that necessarily increase the 1
subsidy that you want to give to the company? I
It they could build these ships in England !
instead of requiring them to be built in Amer !
ica, where labor is higher and materials are !,
higher—from whatever cause we will not dis-
cuss—they would not need so much subsidy.
Do tbey not require a heavier subsidy to be
given to them on that account ?
Mr. COLE. To be sure the vessels prob-
ably could be built cheaper in England, but it
so happens that under our laws vessels built
in England cannot run under our flag. Ves-
sels must be built in the United States and by
Americans in order to carry our flag. I will
say to the Senator that if you do not put on
this additional service you will see an English
line on that precise route within a very short
time, as I am informed, and as I certainly
believe.
Mr. STOCKTON. With the permission
of the Senator from California I will suggest
that I do not think wooden vessels can be
built in England cheaper than they can be
here at this time. The reason that vessels
are built cheaper on the Clyde is on account
of the tariff we have on iron.
Mr. COLE. It so happens that these ves-
sels are to be of American construction
entirely. The engines and every part in
them are to be built in America, and that
of course will add very materially to the
ship-building inteicst of this country, and
they will be of a character of vessels as in
the past of which we shall be proud, and we
shall see so much to all intents and purposes
added to the American Navy, because under
the provisions of this law these vessels can
be taken at any time for military use.
Now, the proposition is to put so many ves-
sels of war to commercial use during times of
peace. One of the Senators this morning
spoke of our building vessels of war at great
expense, and he asserted that these mail ves-
sels would not, probably be used at all iu time
of war. Why, sir, many, many of the vessels
we have built for war purposes have been upon
the seas for years, and gone to the bottom, or
to pieces from decay, without ever encounter-
ing an enemy, without ever entering into an
engagement. That often happens. Very few
of the vessels we have had for the last eighty
yei rs since we have been a nation have actu-
ally been engaged in battle; and yet during
that time we have had a good many vessels,
and it may be that these vessels in the China
service will never be called upon to enter bat-
tle; but we shall have a navy nevertheless.
We shall have complete protection upon the
Pacific sea; much better protection than would
be afforded by any regular navy we are likely
to have.
We have in the past built many ships of war,
and the complaint now is that we have not
built more ships of late. Why, we had better
let private parties put their capital in them.
It is our duty to lend them encouragement,
and then we have the vessels ready for use
whenever they are called for, ready to receive
a battery at a moment's notice in ease of
necessity; and then these vessels put to this
use preserve the peace ; they patrol the ocean.
' they are running to and fro across the Pacific,
and mingling in commerce, and so preserving
peace. War and commerce are not harmo-
nious,^ as we all know, and the tendency of
establishing a line of this kind is to maintain
the peace.
Mr. NORWOOD. If the Senator will par-
don me, there is one point on which I desire
information, and it is this : what is the neces-
sity for extending a subsidy in this bill to ten
years? Why not put it for five years or a less
time? That would answer the purpose just as
well. If the business of the line is increasing
year by year, may they not be able to stand
alone in a shorter time than ten years without
a subsidy?
Mr._ COLE. I can answer that question to
my friend's satisfaction, I am sure. It is in
the discretion of the Postmaster General in
the first place to make the time shotter if he
will; but I am satisfied be cannot do so,
because persons having capital will not put it
