3922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
to them in Philadelphia. They have subsisted
off .the pockets ofthe fever-stricken patients of
the South and the Southwest for now going on
ten years, and have pocketed by their own
admission the difference between twenty-five
per cent and forty-five per cent, ad valorem
for the benefit of their monopoly, and the ap-
peal made by the Senator from South Carolina
and the Senator from Mississippi is to-night
to reduce the rate of tariff proposed by the
Senate committee of twenty-five per cent, to
that imposed by the House in the House bill
of ten per cent.
Mr. WEST. I should like my colleague to
state in his experience as collector of customs
how far quinine was used as an article to
defraud the revenue in.
Mr. KELLOGG. Immensely.
Mr. WES F. It is a favorite article with
smugglers at the present rate.
Mr. KELLOGG-. Any quantity is smuggled ;
none pays duty. We constantly seized qui-
nine at the port of New Orleans. I do not
remember .that any of it came in regularly
through the custom-house.
Mr. SCOTT. It seems, then, the people of
Louisiana have not been largely burdened
with it if they - have smuggled the article in
without; paying duty on it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Not at all. They take it
as they take sugar in their coffee and in their
whisky.
Mr. POME ROY. If they smuggle it the
tariff does not hurt them.
Mr. KELLOGG. It seems to me certainly
no more than just that the rate fixed by the
House should be left at ten per cent, and not
increased fifteen per cent., as proposed by the
Senate committee. And it seems to me, even
if it does, as my friend from Pennsylvania says,
woik hardships, and if it is a discrimination
against these men who have embarked very
largely in this business, and who have so much
at stake, they can afford to surrender some,
even if it be a sacrifice of their ill-gotten
gams, when you reflect that for ten years by
their own admission they have taken twenty
per cent, from the sick people of the country,
putting it into their own pockets to build up
their business. Besides, these same firms man-
ufacture any quantity of cordials, essences,
perfumes, and this is only one branch of their
very extensive business, and they have the
same system running through all the articles
they manufacture.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not rise
to debate this question, though this seems to
be rather a personal attack against those who
manufacture this article. I merely rise for
the purpose of asking the Senate at this hour
of the night if we will not consent unani-
mously that further debate upon the bill for
to-night shall be confined to five minutes for
each speaker.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent
that future debate this evening on this bill
shall be confined to five minutes. Is there
any objection ? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I will
say that, the action of the House upon this arti-
cle is not as it was understood here. Quinia,
although I say anything in relation to chem-
ical preparations with great diffidence, is not
the same thing as quinine. It is an article
from which quinine is manufactured. Quinine
is a salt of quinia, as I understand it. There-
fore, the idea that the House put this article
at ten per cent, is erroneous.
Mr. LOGAN. The House put it on the
free list.
Mr. MORRIBL, of Vermont. I know; but
that, was a mistake.
. Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania read a statement to prove that the
price of quinine in London was about the
same that it is here, that it costs about as
much to produce it there as it does here. It
occurs to me that proves that there is no need
of a tariff to protect the manufacture here. If
it was cheaper there than it is here, then -pro-
tection would be required, as in the case of
most articles that are manufactured there, but
if the price is the same there that it is here,
protection is not required.
Mr. SCOTT. There is a difference of twenty
cents an ounce.
Mr. BOREMA.N. If I understood the re-
mark of the Senator from Vermont, if we dis-
agree to the amendment of the committee,
and agree with the House, then the duty upon
quinine will remain at forty-five per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not un-
derstand that the House bill affects the article
at all here.
Mr. BOREMAN. That is what I understand.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is put on the free list
on page 20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Finance, to strike out
"quinia, ten" and insert "sulphate of qui-
nine, twenty-five."
Mr. WEST. After the suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont, I call for a division of
the question, and I think the Senate should
agree to strike out " quinia" and insert "sul-
phate of quinine."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment is not susceptible of division. A motion,
to strike out and insert cannot be divided.
Mr. WEST. But the committee have made
two propositions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike
out and insert—one proposition.
Mr. WEST. They have made a proposition
to strike out "quinia" and insert " sulphate
of quinine," and another to strike out " ten "
and insert "twenty-five." I think, under the
statement made by the Senatorf'rom Vermont,
it was intended to impose the duty upon sul-
phate of quinine. Then we can take the sense
of the Senate afterward on the percentage.
Mr. CASSERLY. There seems to be a
little doubt as to the true way to reach the
point aimed at. I suggest that we amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
"twenty-five" and inserting "ten."
Mr. KELLOGG. That is better.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the amendment
of the committee can be adopted in that shape
if the Senate wishes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " twenty-five" and insert-
ing " ten."
Mr. ALCORN. It is stated by the Senator
from West Virginia that if we vote against
agreeing to the amendment it leaves the duty
upon quinine at forty-five percent., as it now is.
I do not understand it so. I understand this
is a House bill; that they have fixed the duty
here at ten per cent., and that the Senate has
amended that by substituting twenty-five per
cent. Now, if we refuse to agree to the amend-
ment of the committee, I ask whether it does
not leave the House bill precisely as it was
when it went to the committee?
Mr. CASSERLY. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that perhaps he has not
observed that I suggested, as a short way to
reach the end had in view by him and others,
first to amend the amendment of the Senate
committee by striking out "twenty five" and
inserting " ten." That will leave the amend-
ment to read, " on sulphate of quinine ten per
cent, ad valorem." That brings the Senate
to a direct vote on the amendment as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment of
the committee as amended.
Tie amendment, as amended, was agreed to.'
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment was in section four,
after line sixty, to insert " on chlorate of pot-
ash, three cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I now move to insert
in line sixty-two, after "salts," the words
" and argols." I made a motion to amend
before, aud instead of increasing, the Senate
struck out entirely the tariff on argols. I do
this at the suggestion of friends.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the consider-
ation of any amendment until the committee's
amendments are through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER; The Chair
sustains the point of order if it be insisted
upon. The Secretary Will proceed with the
reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance Vvas in section four, after line sixty-
two, to insert " on soda-ash, three dollars
per ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
■ The next amendment was in section four,
line sixty four, to strike out after the word
" sal-soda " the words "and soda-ash so as
to read, "on sal-soda, one fourth of one cent
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four*
line sixty-five, to strike out after the word
"on" the words "santonine, one dollar,"
and insert in lieu the words " santonine, three
dollars;" so as to read," on santonine, three
dollars per pound."
Mr. SAWYER. I trust the amendment of
the committee will not be agreed to. This
article is one which stands very much in the
same relation as quinine. It is an article used
extensively in medicines of the greatest possi-
ble value and standing perhaps next to qui-
nine as a valuable medicine. I think the duty
proposed by the House is quite enough. Cer-
tainly the amount of duty received from it
must be very trifling so far as the revenue is
concerned. I trust the House provision will
stand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
proposition of the Senator from South Caro-
lina will not prevail. This is an article of
medicine, and is now subject to a duty of five
dollars, and it is proposed by the committee
to reduce it to three dollars. It is made of
worm-seed and alcohol entirely.
Mr. SAWYER. I know it is now five dol-
lars, but it ought not to be anything in fact.
No matter what it is made of, it is a very valu-
able article in medicine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line sixty-six, to strike out after the word
" strychnia " the words " filty cents," and to
insert in lieu thereof the words "onedollar
so as to read, "on strychnia, one dollar per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, to
strike out lines sixty-seven and sixty-eight, in
the following words: "on medicinal prepara-
tions, all, not specified, thirty per cent, ad
valorem
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, to
strike out lines seventy-four to eighty-four, in
the following words:
On books, printed, and on allother printed paper-
bound or m sheets, except books printed in oi her than
the English language, and books printed in the Eng-
lish language o tan editionume vised for twenty years,
and newspapers, magazines, and periodicals, and
except books, maps and charts specialty imported in
good faith for the use ol any society incorporated or
established lor philosophical, literary, or religious
purposes, or the encouragement ot the line arts, or
by tbe order ot anycollege, academy, school, or sem-
inary of learning in the United States, for its own
use or that of its instructors, twelve and one half
cents per pound.
Mr. MORTON. I hope this amendnTent
will not be agreed te. 1 believe this brings
