11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8027
into these vessels unless they have some assur-
; ance that, the vessels are to be used, unless
they are assured that they will have the advan-
tage of their investment for a certain length
.of time. I have no doubt that answers my
['.friend's inquiry fully. I know that that, is
\the care with which capital protects itself
a
Only one other point, Mr. President. My
time is running away rapidly. These vessels,
instead of being burdens upon the nation, call-
ing upon your Treasury every year for half a
million each, as your war vessels do, are con-
stantly adding to your wealth. They are not
only pouring money into your Treasury directly
through your custom-houses, but they add to
the national wealth constantly, and help to
build up the nation instead of exhausting it as
do all the instruments of war.
Further than that, they add to the efficient
marine force during times of peace, upou
which we may rely in time of war. If we had
simply a navy, and only sailors enough to man
it, the first few encounters with an enemy
would destroy its efficiency if we had not some
.means of securing afresh supply of experienced
,seamen. These vessels will keep up the sup-
ply of experienced seamen. In that consisted
.the strength of the American Navy in former
years. We had the fisheries and a commerce
which afforded a constant supply of efficient
.men to man our Navy, and in that consisted
its entire strength.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. President, I stated yes-
terday that 1 was not opposed to granting sub-
sidies to inaugurate steamship lines in their
infancy, but that I had great opposition to
fostering and cherishing those that were already
prosperous, and I stated that this line was in a
prosperous condition. The honorable Senator
from California and the honorable Senator
from Minnesota, instead of showing that this
line needed a subsidy, made the general state-
ment that our merchant marine was going to
ruin, that it needed resuscitation, that some-
"thing must be done to revive American com-
merce. How is that an answer to my sugges-
tion ? If it be true that the commerce of the
Atlantic is in ruin, if it be true that our sail-
ing vessels have been swept from the seas, can
they be revived by subsidizing a steamship
line that is already in a prosperous condition?
How can it be done ? Is it not rather a dis-
couragement to the sailing class of vessels if
we foster and cherish the steamship lines? Is
it not taking away from that class of vessels
that need protection  
Mr. WEST. Will the Senator yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. KELLY. I hope the Senator will allow
me to go on a little longer.
Mr. WEST. I only wish to say one word
on that point, and that is that all our marine
statistics prove that wherever we have estab-
lished a steam line, our sailing vessels have
increased in the same quarter.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. President, when Sen-
ators will vote to put a limitation of five min-
utes upon us, and not allow us longer than
that to discuss these subjects, it is rather ask-
ing a little too much when gentlemen take a
great portion of that time away from us in
propounding questions.
Mr. WEST. I will yield my five minutes
to the Senator if there be no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana yields his five minutes to
the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. KELLY. I am very much obliged to
the Senator.
This line, as I said, is in a prosperous con-
dition. The honorable Senator from Califor-
nia while admitting it at times, seems to deny
it at others. He says if we do not grant this
subsidy, the steamship company cannot and
will not build these new vessels, and hence
all will go by the board. I ask the Secretary
to read a short letter which will show what
that steamship company propose to do, and
that they are not really going to ruin.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Freight and Passage Circular for the trade with
Ch ina and Japan.
Office Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
New York, October 2,1871.
Dear Sir : I beg to inform you that the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company will begin a semi-monthly
transpacific line between San Francisco, Japan,
and China, on the 15th of May, 1872, with regular
departures thereafter from San Francisco on the 1st
and 15th of every month, except when such dates
fall on Sunday, when the departures will take place
on the Saturday preceding.
The company will be prepared to supply addi-
tional tonnage should the tr'ade require it.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALLAN MeLANE, President.
Mr. KELLY.' It will be seen that t.he com-
pany will have its new line m operation within a
few days, the middle of this month. Whether
this subsidy is granted or not, they are going
on with semi-monthly trips. I understand that
the line in its last voyage brought fifteen hun-
dred passengers from China and Japan to San
Francisco, showing conclusively that the pas-
senger trade is amounting to a vast sum of
money." I had the figures showing the freight
list, but I have somehow mislaid them ; the
amount is enormous. This company is pros-
pering beyond all precedent; and yet in the
face of that we are asked to vote ten million
of subsidy to it while the country is laboring
and groaning under taxation. Is this right?
Is it just? This company, I have no doubt,
in a very short time, if it be as prosperous in
the future as it has been in the past, will be
enabled to have a weekly instead of a semi-
monthly line on the ocean, and are we then in
a state of prosperity to increase this subsidy
to two millions a year? I presume that would
necessarily follow, that whenever there is
an increase in its business, an increase in its
prosperity, an increase in its trips, then, how-
ever prosperous the company may be, and
however burdensome the taxes of the country
may be upon us, we shall be compelled to pay
$2,000,000 a year instead of SI,000,000, as
now.
For this reason I object to granting this
subsidy. If we must subsidize, if the people
are to be taxed for such objects, let us sub-
sidize the weak ; let us discriminate ; let us
favor the weak lines of steamers and sailing
vessels; those that are struggling into exist-
ence, not those that are strong and can stand
without any aid from the Government.
Again, I stated yesterday that I objected to
subsidizing this line because it brought a class
of passengers to this country who are objec-
tionable to the people of the Pacific coast.
Both parties, Republican and Democratic,
have in their conventions protested against
Chinese immigration, which has a tendency to
drive away white labor from our coast. I
desire Senators to show whether they are in
favor of the policy of encouraging Chinese
immigration to our coast or whether they are
opposed to it. I shall therefore demand the
yeas and nays upon this amendment, and we
will see whether Senators are in favor of
bringing that class of persons to our coast,
heathens from the teeming millions of China;
whether they are to be brought here and kept
to work against our own workmen. That is
t.he question, and it is a very serious one to
the people of the Pacific coast; and I desire
to see how Senators will vote upon it, whether
the platforms of political parties are to say
one thing and the votes of Senators are to say
another thing; whether we are to encourage
that immigration, or whether we are opposed
to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have very great doubt
about the wisdom of increasing the subsidy for
this service. No one can pretend that it. will
hasten the mails from our shores to China or
in all human probability increase the number
of trips that will be made by the mail-carriers.
We have already heard from the Secretary's
desk that this company is abont to put on
semi-monthly vessels, orvessels to start semi-
monthly from San Francisco to the East. If"
they put on these ships, doubtless under the
existing contract they will be compelled to
carry any mail which the Government may
choose to put aboard. I believe this is a con-
dition in all mail contracts. So that if they
publish the truth of themselves, that they are
about to put on these additional vessels, if
they put them on, and the existing contract is
of the tenor which is usual in such cases, they
will be compelled to carry the mail on each
vessel which they sail on that line. Hence it
will be no addition to the mail service.
But it is said by the honorable Senator
from California that these ships are to be war
ships, and that at the same time that we in-
crease the subsidy we shall be in the act of
constructing a war navy for the United States.
Let us see what the provision is:
And the Government of the United States shall
have the right, in case of war, to take, for the use
of the United States, any of the steamers of said
line upon payment of a reasonable compensation.
Pray tell me, Senators, if the United States
cannot do this now? What additional power
does this clause confer upon the Government
of the United State3? Have we not the power
now, and have we not exercised it in every
war that has ever existed ? That the Govern-
ment of the United States may take property
for the public use by paying for it I suppose
will not be called m question. Then this clause,
confers 110 additional right on the Government
of ihe Unittd Slates.
But it is said this is to be in the aid of com-
merce, that our commerce is being swept
from the sea and going into the hands of other
commercial peoples. Well, sir, it would be
the province of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce to correct this misapprehen-
sion. If the published statistics which have
been laid on the table of every Senator can be
relied on, our commerce has not been swept
from the seas at any time. 1 have before me
the last report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, dated June 30, 1871, giving a statement
exhibiting the amount of tonnage of the Uni-
ted States annually from 1789 to 1871, inclu-
sive, all the registered, enrolled, and licensed
tonnage employed in steam navigation in each
year. By looking at this table we find that the
largest amount of American tonnage which
has ever existed in one year was 5,539,813
tons. This was for the year 1861. The lowest,
amount, according to this report, was for the
year 1869, and it amounted to 4.144,639 tons.
Since then the tonnage has been on the in-
crease. For the last year it. is reported at
4,282,607 tons.
' But in calling the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce to this subject
at his desk privately, and he will pardon me
for alluding to this fact, he said it might be
probably explained or largely explained by
the fact that our coastwise tonnage was in-
creasing but the tonnage engaged in foreign
commerce was diminishing. Well, sir, I hold
in my hand another table sent to the Sena'e
at the same time containing these very remai li-
able figures. I read from the report, page 802,
table No. 18, proportion of the enrolled ton-
nage employed in the coasting trade, cod
fishery, mackerel fishery, whale fishery, &c.
Under the head of "coasting trade" 1 find
that the largest amount of tonnage engaged m
that trade for any one year was 3,353.671
tons. That was for the year 1865 For the last
year the coastwise tonnage amounted to but
2,764,599 tons.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's time has expired.
Mr. HARLAN. I will move an amendment
to the pending amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
