1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
I agree "with him that we ought not to invest-
igate anybody, even the people of this country
and their chosen representatives, without some
ground for it. I do not think that it is a part
of the mission of this body to take anybody's
cries or tumults for the purpose of invest-
igating anything. I agree with him about
that, and, therefore, as at'present advised, 1
shall vote against this whole resolution, for I
consider it to be the first instance in the his-
tory of any country that has civilization or
honor, where one of its legislative bodies has
volunteered on the assertion of anybody to
furnish ground, if it can, for complaint on
the part of some foreign nation against it. I
should therefore (without undertaking to im-
pugn other Senatois) consider myself guilty
of an act of baseness and of treason, in the
moral sense of the term, if I were to under-
take to expose—if there were any evidence
which would warrant such an exposure in
point of fact—the conduct of the agents and
officers of this Government toward a foreign
Power.
It is our business if we have self-respect, it
is our business if we love our country, if any
member of our Government has been guilty
of crime, of indiscretion in the international
sense, against another, to wait for that other
to make complaint, and not expose it our-
selves. 1 would as soon think, if I had a
question pending in court where myself and
my partners were concerned as parties, of
exposing to the judge, if you please, the fact
that my partner had been guilty of some wrong
against him, as to undertake to tell, if false-
hood, or perjury, or inuendo, or suspicion
would furnish a color for it, the Emperor of
Germany that we had not behaved toward him
and his people in the way that we ought in
1870. I should not volunteer such informa-
tion if it existed; and the only excuse, as it
appears to me, for anybody for voting for this
resolution now is that it has been proposed,
and that it has been asserted by Senators who
say they have been in communication with the
agents of both Governments, that is to say,
with the Prussian legation and with the De-
partments of the United States, that there is
color for such a suspicion. I say the only
excuse for anybody for voting for such a thing
is to show that there is no pretense even for
such an assertion. But I do not feel called
upon, on what has appeared, even to do that.
If, however, you are to pass any resolution
at all, then certainly for the people of this
country and for the honor of this body, it is
quite as essential that we shall know whether
we ourselves have been clean in this matter
as it is that we should know whether our
agents and officers in the Executive Depart-
ments have observed neutrality ; for certainly
above and beyond the statute that the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio refers to it would
not be a thing that this body ought to tolerate
and countenauce if any Senator makes him-
self the medium of communicating the secrets
obtained in his official capacity from the exec-
utive department to any foreign legation what-
ever. If, therefore, it should appear, as it
would almost seem from the statement of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, that he has
obtained from the President of the United
States or from the Secretary of War, the head
of one of his Departments, information touch-
ingthe acts of the Government, and has made
haste to carry that to the representative of the
Prussian Government, it would be a matter of
serious inquiry whether such conduct ought
not at least to be reprimanded. I do not say
that it is so, because I do not wish to prejudge
anybody.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont to say that I had obtained
information from the President of the United
States, or the head of a Department, and car-
ried that to the Prussian Government ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is about tantamount
to what I said.
Mr. SCHURZ.- Upon what ground does
the Senator say it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say it upon the testi-
mony of the Senator himself, who stated to us,
if I did not misunderstand him, that on hearing
that we were selling arms which were going,
or were likely to go into the hands of the
French, he went either to the President of the
United States or to the head of the War De-
partment, I do not know which, and ascer-
tained from him what he was doing, and then
he went to the Prussian minister and asked
him if thus and thus, which the Secretary of
War had stated to him as the course of our
Government, was so.
Mr. SCHURZ. Why, that seems to be a
very violent construction of what I said. I
said simply this: that in a conversation with
the Secretary of War, the Secretary of War
informed me that the Prussian minister had
called upon him, and he had had a certain
conversation with him, had asked him to stop
these sales, and that I asked the Prussian
minister whether I had understood the Secre-
tary of War correctly. That was all. Is that
conveying information from one quarter to
another?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is, Mr. Presi-
dent. How could the honorable Senator from
Missouri, with the information that he had
received as a constitutional adviser of the
President, ask a representative of the Prussian
Government whether such and such things
that the Secretary of War had told him were
so without communicatiug to him the l'act that
the Secretary of War had told him so? Now,
I undertake to say that is not the business ot
a Senator. My friend may smile ; it is one of
the easiest things in the world to smile, par-
ticularly when you feel unhappy. [Laughter.]
I am not to judge of the conduct or the honor
of the Senator from Missouri; but I can only
say that the last thing that a passionate love
and admiration for my native country, what-
ever it mights be, would have induced me to
do, would be to carry the information that the
President of the United States or the Secre-
tary of War had given to me to the represent-
ative of any foreign Power whatever.
Mr. SCHURZ. This being rather a serious
thing, will the Senator from Vermont tell me
the information the Secretary of War had
imparted to me according to the record here ?
It was information that the Prussian minister
had called upon him, and so I carried to the
Prussian minister the information that he had
called upon the Secretary of War!
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, I am very glad that
my friend endeavors to explain his proposi-
tion. Like most of the other statements he
has made in this debate, every time thsy are
alluded to they are considerably mitigated;
but that is certainly in favor of his candor and
his fairness, for when he finds that he has
overstated a thing, or has stated that which
the proof disproves, he makes the haste that
an honorable man should, I suppose, to let
down a little.
Now, I repeat that I think it is not the thing
for a Senator of the United States, to whom the
confidence of the President is open, to whom
the confidence of all the Departments is open
by the Constitution, which makes us their
advisers in respect to foreign affairs, to be in
communication at all with the representative
of a foreign Power upon any topic upon which
he has been conversing, or considering, or
counseling, or advising with his own consti-
tutional head. He has no business, being the
counselor for one side in a transaction, to have
any communication with the representatives
and agents of the other at all, as it appears to
me. My honorable friend no doubt disagrees
with me. He has a right to do so; 1 only
speak for myself. Therefore I say, above and
beyond this statute, which may or may not
have been violated—on that point I express
no opinion ; I have not the evidence; that is
one of the grounds of the inquiry—above and
beyond this statute, it is fit, after what the
honorable Senator has said himself here, that
we should know what has been his conduct;
and if that conduct will justify him, no man
will be more happy than I; ifitdoes not justify
him the fault will be his, and not ours.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I ask the Senator from
Vermont whether he really means to state that
a Senator of the United States or a member
of Congress shall never talk with a foreign
minister about political subjects of some con-
cern to one or to the other?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not asserted any
such proposition. 1 believe what I have asserted
is pretty plain and specific. It certainly is
according to the best of my capacity of stating
what I think a Senator might or might not do;
but as I said, I am not giving law to the hon-
orable Senator, I am only seating my opinion,
as I believe it is my right, as to the conduct
of the members of this body as it respects our
foreign affairs. Therefore I wish to say to the
honorable Senator from Ohio that he altogether
misses the mark when he undertakes to say
that there is nothing in the present aspect of
this case which could justify the Senate in
making an inquiry upon this topic in order to
clear the skirts of its own members from any
unjust aspersion or suspicion if the truth will
clear them, or in order, if it will not, that the
truth may be justified.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, now I
might leave it to the Senate whether the Sen-
ator from Vermont has laid any foundation
for this inquiry. He seems to give up the
statute. He is too good a lawyer to pretend
for a moment that there is any case brought
within the statute or anything that suggests a
case within the statute, but he supposes that
there lias been or may have been some viola-
tion of a duty higher than the statute itself.
Where is the evidence of that? His state-
ment entirely rests on what was said by the
Senator from Missouri the other day, and what
that Senator now repeats. Does that show
any breach of confidence on the part of the
Senator from Missouri? Does it show any vio-
lation of his duty as a Senator? If there be
any such thing I am sure I did not hear it.
If he said any such thing in my absence I am
sure I have not read it. Has there been any-
thing said by him here, any admission that
he disclosed to the Prussian legation any mat-
ter which he derived in confidence from the
executive department of this Government or
any member of the executive department of
the Government? No such thing -as that.
What breach of confidence, then, has there
been on his part ? Suppose he did hear that
arms were being sold by our Government to
France; suppose he did receive petitions, as
he said the other day, signed by thousands,
complaining of that thing ; suppose he did in-
quire at the executive department to find out
whether that was so or not; and suppose he
did have a conversation upon the subject with
the Prussian minister, but not disclosing any-
thing confided to him in secrecy or in confi-
dence ; I want to know where is the ground
for having an investigation into his conduct ?
I will not stultify myself by any such thing as
that. There is no man who has heard this
that does not know there is not the slightest
ground in the world for it. It is simply black-
ening a man's character by insinuation. That
is all there is of it, and I will be no party to
any such thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, were one
at liberty to be surprised at anything in this
strange proceeding, I should be surprised at
some of the remarks of the Senator who has
just taken his seat. He is troubled about
voting for investigation because it may blacken
character. This, then, is_ the effect of voting
investigation. A vote to investigate, of itself,
blackens character. The Senator is not, I think,
troubled in voting for investigation ascending
to the President of the United States, although
that investigation be worse than groundless,
