1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
ing simply for making the subsidiary coinage
redeemable.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman is utterly
mistaken. I read from the Globe:
"Mr. Kelley. I ask unanimous consent to report
back from the Committee on Coinage. Weights, and
Measures House bill No. 2 tor the coinage of nickel-
copper pieces of five cents and under.
Mr. Potter. I object."
That is the only bill introduced by the gen-
tlsman from Pennsylvania to which I objected.
It was recommitted, and the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] to which I have referred, was
inserted.
The bill now before us proposes to create
a new officer to be called "Director of the
Mint," who is to be put in office for five
years, and is to be endowed with discretionary
power to say where the Superintendent of the
Mint shall purchase nickel. And having got
his discretionary power, perhaps he will use
it to purchase from this mine in Pennsylvania
which has been spoken of on terms not for
the interest of the Government. He is there
for five years. He is net yet appointed. No-
bod}' knows who he will be, nor what rela-
tions or arrangements he may have with the
people who own this nickel mine. But how-
ever the fact may be in that regard, no one
should be trusted with any such power, and
I suggest that the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures ought not to report a
bill giving him any such discretion.
Mr. KELLEY. The bill to which the gen-
tleman objected, and by objection to which he
temporarily defeated it, was a bill merely pro-
viding for the redemption of a subsidiary coin.
He may have objected to another one, but I
have no recollection of it.
Mr. POTTER. No.
Mr. KELLEY. But that is apart from this
discussion. J wish to say if the bill had pro-
gressed, and if the gentleman had offered a
proper amendment—proper in its form and
expression, providing that bids should be
required for all metals for all subsidiary coin-
age—I should not have objected to it, but
should have voted for it. But while I would
do that in the discussion of the bill, I was not
authorized, as chairman of the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures, to accept
such an amendment, nor do I think it fitting
or dignified that such instruction should be
given, and therefore I oppose it. I do not
oppose the principle of the thing, but as I have
said, I am ready to sustain it whether it comes
up in a bill reported or as an amendment to
a bill reported, but I oppose, as I have already
said, any such instructions to any committee
of this House.
Mr. POTTER. One word further. The gen-
tleman is mistaken. I hold the Globe in my
hand ; I know what I am talking about,. The
bill to which I refer was a bill which he re-
ported on the 15th of March, but which was
recommitted to the committee, and which was
reported back to the House on the 30th of
March amended as I have indicated.
Mr. KELLEY. It was a bill passed on the
eve of the close of the session. The bill to
which the gentleman refers was a bill for the
coining of one, three, and five cent pieces.
Mr. POTTER. And for their redemption ?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir. The other one
contained the section which provided for their
redemption, and when I passed from this side
of the House to that, and explained the bill
to the gentleman, he said that he had made a
mistake, being in favor of it and in hearty
sympathy with me.
Mr. POTTER. That is, so far as the redemp-
tion was concerned.
Mr. KELLEY. And when it came up again
he gave it his support.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman is mistaken,
in thinking that it was not the bill for the
coining of nickel coin in which the provision
for redemption was contained to which I first
objected and then, after amendment, supported.
Mr. KELLEY. It was not in March, but
in the warm weather during the last days of
the session.
Mr. POTTER. It was in the short spring
session of 1869; and I read from the Globe my
own remarks on the 30th of March, 1869, on
that very bill No. 2, providing for the coinage
of nickel coin and for its redemption, made
when the bill had come back to the House
after being recommitted to the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures :
" Mr. Potter. Mr. Speaker, when this bill was
before the House as first reported by the committee,
I saw in it, asl thought, gravegroundsofobjeclion ;
but since it has been recommitted the objections
which I had to it have been obviated."
That is, by the incorporation of the amend-
ment to which I have referred and otherwise. I
now further read from the Globe report, that it
may be seen how entirely correct I had been
in my statement as to that bill:
" As the bill is now reported it appears to me a wise
and provident measure of legislation. It provides,
in the first jjlaee, for the redemption of the debased
coinage which has been issued since the war. It
provides, in the next ^lace, for a substituted coinage,
to take the place of the present debased coinage,
whioh, although still more debased in intrinsic value,
is nevertheless to be redeemed at par from time to
time in Treasury notes."
From this it will be seen that I am not mis-
taken. When the bill was recommitted to the
committee it came back with a limitation in-
serted such as has been suggested by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCormick.] It
ought to go into this bill, and if it be not intro-
duced into the bill at this time I will ask to
put it in when we come to section thirty, when
it will be germane.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to amend
the instructions of the committee by insert-
ing "that no increase of salary shall be pro-
vided for in "this bill," and I desire to say a
word on that amendment; that is, that there
shall be no increase of salaries of existing
officers.
Mr. KELLEY. I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
The amendment was read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word or two in reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, with reference to a remark made
by him yesterday and to-day in regard to in-
crease of salaries in this bill.
I would entirely omit reference to the rather
unkind remark as to misrepresentation. I
wish to call the attention of the gentleman to
one point which I think his remarks entirely
omit, I will not say cover up; namely, that
this bill disconnects the Mint entirely from the
Assistant Treasuries of the United Statesatthe
places where there are mints. For instance,
in the city of Philadelphia, the treasurer of
the Mint, as such, is Assistant Treasurer of the
United States. He gets as treasurer of the
Mint $3,500, and in addition to that he gets
$1,500 for his duties as Assistant Treasurer of
the United States. At San Francisco the
treasurer of the mint gets $4,500, and $1,500
for his services to the United States as Assist-
ant Treasurer. Now the gentleman proposes
to give him the large sum produced by adding
these two amounts, and at the same time to
relieve him altogether of bis duties as Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States, making
him wholly an officer of the Mint, while, as a
matter of course, we will have to provide for
the Assistant Treasurer of the United ^States.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is mis-
taken, as I will show if he will allow me to
make a statement.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman in one moment. I have only
further to say that all the other officers who
cannot receive two salaries have their salaries
actually increased, while as regards those who
receive two salaries we put both in this bill.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to explain to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that
instead of discontinuing the office of treas-
urer of the Mint this bill provides for the
absorption of that office into the functions of
the Superintendent of the Mint.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that; but what about the Assistant Treasurers
of the United States?
Mr. KELLEY. I explained that. Instead
of not stating the point, or covering it up, to
use the language of the gentleman from Ohio,
I yesterday, as will be seen by the Globe,
stated to the House, and to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] specially, while
addressing the House, tbat in a subsequent
section of this bill—the thirty-third, I think it
is—the officer whose salary has hitherto been
paid from the Treasury of the United States,
by viitue of his connection with the Mint, was
transferred to the Treasury Department, and
that his pay proper was left to him ; that the
Mint was now charged with paying the Assist-
ant Treasurers in those three cities, but that
this bill proposes to leave the Treasurer to pay
the salaries of his assistants, and to pay the
Superintendent of the Mint a slight increase
for assuming the duties and responsibilities of
treasurer of that institution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is pre-
cisely what I say. The bill dislocates, per-
haps quite properly, these two offices, but as a
matter of course it leaves the Assistant Treas-
urers of the United States with a little frag-
ment of a salary, and we will have at once to
raise their salaries to a proper level. In other
words, we will have to give them full salaries.
Mr. KELLEY. I called attention to that
yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And this bill
therefore compels us to reconstruct and raise
the salaries of the several officers not provided
for in the bill, besides the salaries provided iu
the bill itsejf j so that there is more raising of
salaries consequent on the passing of the bill
than appears directly in the bill itself. That
is the point to which I have desired to call
attention.
Mr. POTTER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to hear the motion
which is now pending.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the instructions moved by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. McCormick.]
The motion was again read.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether he will allow me
to move an amendment there to provide for
free coinage?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
prefer not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out the word "copper." I do so for
the reason suggested by my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. McCormick.] His propositions, in
the main, and perhaps all of them, receive my
support. But yet it appears to me that in their
present form they cannot be intelligently and
properly considered. We cannot say that any
officer is entitled to have his salary increased.
At least I cannot say so from any information
I may have on this wide subject. I think,
therefore, that the instructions which the gen-
tleman proposes had better not go in the iorm
of instructions. Let them rather go in the
form of a reference with the bill, and let them
be considered by the committee in connection
with the bill, because if they go as instructions
they then will become swaddling-clothes, in-
flexibly binding the committee; and leaving it
no discretion. It will have nothing to do except
to frame the bill in accordance with the provis-
ions of these instructions, and I am sure some
of us at least have not sufficient acquaintance
with the general subject, which is a very wide
one, to pass intelligently upon it at this time.
I hope, therefore, the recommittal will not be
accompanied by these instructions, but that the
bill will be recommitted, and the instructions,
