1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
42d Cong....2d Sess.
John Emilio Houard—Mr. Myers.
Ho. of Reps.
of the right of expatriation. England main-
tained the doctrine of inalienable allegiance,
and some of the countries of continental
Europe agreed with her, but the United States
always denied it. The war of 1812 was under-
taken against its assertion, and although that
war ended without finally deciding the princi-
ple, thousands and hundreds of thousands
of foreigners have yearly sought our shores,
making this land the home of their adoption,
and we continually asserted this right ol expa-
triation. At last, as I have said, in 1808,
for their protection, and in order that the
American view of the law might no longer be
doubtful, we embodied into an act of Congress
a declaration that the naturalized citizen when
abroad should be protected equally with our
native born. But while ingrafting a cherished
principle on our laws, no sane man pretended
we had abated one jot of our zeal for the pro-
tection of those born on our soil. On the
contrary, in that very law, first asserting that
naturalized citizens were only to have the
rights accorded to tbe native-born, by section
three we enacted that—
"Wheneveritshalibemadeknown to the President
that any citizen of the United Stateshas been unjustly
deprived of his liberty by or under the authority of
any foreign Government, it shall be the duty of the
President forthwith to demand of that Government
the reasons for such imprisonment."
That has been done in this case. Timid
members here need not be aft aid of war. Sev-
eral of them aided to pass this very act of Con-
gress which devolves this duty on the Pres-
ident. I say to my colleague from New York
[Mr. Wood] that the President has faithfully
endeavored to execute its provisions.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to say that he did not until one year after the
arrest was made?
Mr. L. MYERS. I prefer not to yield for
interruptions at present. I did not interfere
when my colleague made his statement.
Mr. WOCD. I only wished to keep you to
the record.
Mr. L. MYERS. Our consul general, Mr.
Biddle. interfered, anil the Count de Valma-
seda replied, within the month, that he had
given orders "to grant to Mr. Houard every
consideration due to foieigners; a speedy in-
vestigation of the case, and immediate libera-
tion if found innocent of the charge preferred
against him." No fairer promise could be
made, and our officials had a right to expect
its performance.
The act provides further:
"And if it appears to be wrongful and in viola-
tion of the rights ot American citizenship, the Pi es-
ident shall forthwith demand the release of such
citizen, and if the release so demanded is unreason-
ably delayed or reiosed, it shall be the duty of the
President to use such means, not amounting to acts
of war, as he may think necessary and proper to
obtain or elfectuate sueh release, and all the facts
and proceedings relative thereto shall, as soon as
practicable, be communicated by the President to
Congress."
As 1 have shown, everything the Admin-
istration could properly do in pursuance of
this act has been done and is still being
done ; aud now, Congress having enacted a law
to protect Ameiican citizens, it is a proper
thing that this House should by a resolution
strengthen the hands of the Government,
lending the force of its earnest demand upon
the Spanish Government, which may yet, as
I believe it will, aid to liberate the unf'or-
tuuate man whose case is before us. In view
of the fact that the Spanish Government has
thus far declined to give the information our
law calls for, and lias utterly failed, in re-
sponse to our request, to fulfill its treaty
stipulations, it is most appropriate that we
should pass this resolution, not fearing to
do our duly to the humblest citizen of the
Republic, no matter how long he has been
absent from the country.
The wildest advocate of the doctrine of
expatriation never, that I have heard, con-
tended that a man born on the soil, a native-
born citizen, could, without intent on his
part, with his every act still claiming citizen-
ship where he was born, be denationalized
and deprived of his rights of citizenship.
Never until now has that principle been an-
nounced here or elsewhere to my knowledge.
It is against the letter and spirit of our Con-
stitution, and no treaty with any Power has
ever made such a surrender.
Now, sir, it is true that the boy Houard
went with his father to Cuba when he was
seven years old and remained there six years,
but he returned to Philadelphia in 1828, and
from that time, with very little interruption,
until manhood, aud years far beyond his man-
hood, was educated in the schools of Phila-
delphia, not only in the ordinary schools, but
in one of our chief medical universities. My
colleague on the committee [Mr. Willard]
said that he received his diploma from Cuba.
He neglected, however, to state that this
diploma recited his obtaining a diploma first
from the Jefferson Medical College in Phila-
delphia, on March 10, 1843, when he was, as
it appears, nearly twenty-eight years of age.
Citizenship in every country confers the high-
est privileges. Here it gives the right to vote.
Of the many thousands of unnaturalized for-
eigners on our soil would the gentlemen from
Ohio and Vermont [Messrs. Ambler and Wil-
laud] contend that the right to vote attaches
to any one without a renunciation of his alle-
giance to his native land? We hold all to be
aliens until then, whether resident here twenty
years or three times as long; and let me bring
to the recollection of the House that under
our laws, before becoming citizens here, they
must renounce all allegiance to any foreign
potentate, State, or sovereignty, and particu-
larly to the prince, potentate, State, or sov-
ereignty whereof such alien may at the time
be a eiiizen or subject. They are still recog-
nized as citizens aud subjects of their native
State. The American doctrine, which ac-
knowledges the right of expatriation, does
not in this interval admit that they have expa-
triated themselves, and will not deny to its
native citizens what it concedes to an alien.
My colleagues on the committee, the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] have
cited as against us several precedents, all of
them inapplicable, and from several text-books,
some of which are very musty. I propose to
show that not one of those cases bears any
analogy to tbe one before us ; that not one sub-
stantiates the principles they affirm. Sir, I
have as much respect for precedents as any
man here, but you must read this case and every
oilier case in the light of the living facts. I
agree with the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Willakd,] the question is one of law and facts.
Both these gentlemen have especially delighted
us with 8 Craneh. It was quoted yesterday,
and has been quoted to-day. Now, what is the
case in 8 Craneh ? It is a prize ease between
the Government of the United States and men
domiciled in Great Britain, with which coun-
try the United States were at war. The opin-
ions which the gentleman read from it apply
to citizens who go to a country between which
and their own a state of war is declared, and
who choose to remain there. Such persons
partake of the enemy character if they do not
take timely steps to return to their own coun-
try, and prove their allegiance to it, so far
that their goods when captured on the ocean
are forfeited. There is no similarity between
the cases.
I will read from Halleck what this precise
case and the prize cases of that day decided.
He says that—
"a citizen of the United States who is settled
abroad during a war to which his Government is a
party —
The gentleman very carefully omitted that—
"is with respecttohispropertyandelaimssubjeet to
all the disabilities of an alien enemy, or entitled to*
all the privileges of a neutral, according to the hos-
tile or neutral character of the country in which he
has fixed his domioile."
Mr. WILLARD. I supposed I stated dis-
tin ctly, if not, I desire to state it distinctly now,
that this case of the Venus was decided upon
the ground of prior residence.
Mr. L. MYEltS. The gentleman has had
his full time. I say it was not decided upon
any such ground, because it was entirely a
question between this country and some of its
citizens who chose to cast their lot in a coun-
try with which we went to war. There is
anolher point of essential difference which the
gentleman omitted, though I take it that as a
lawyer he knew it. It is this: in a case of
this kind the law is entirely different as be-
tween a country and one of its native-boru
citizens and a country and one of its natural-
ized subjects. All of the claimants in this
prize case were natives of Great Britain, who
had come to this country and become natural-
ized, and who, as the judges say m this case,
went back and denationalized themselves.
And in saying so they quoted from La Vir-
ginie, in 5 Robinson, where Sir William
Scott laid down what has ever since been rec-
ognized as law, as follows:
" It is also to be remombered that the native char-
acter easily reverts, and that it requires fewer cir-
cumstances to constitute a domicile in the case of the
native subject, than to impress a national character
on one who is originally of another country."
Mr. WILLARD. Dr. Houard's father was
a naturalized citizen of the United States.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman is uneasy,
and winces; my withers are nnwrung. We
are not at war with Spain, and weare speaking
of Dr. Houard, the native citizen, not of his
father, who, by the way, was not a native of
Spain. 1 propose to sift the grounds of this
decision and not to be diveited. Maitlaud
and Lenox were the claimants of the vessel,
the Venus. The case was adjudicated against
them. Why? Because of an act of Congress
patsed in 1804, which read thus:
"That no ship or vessel shall be entitled to bo
registered as aship or vessel of the United States, or,
if registered, to the benefits thereof, if owned in
whole or in part by any person naturalized in the
United States and residing for more than one year
in the country from which he originated."
Maitland and Lenox came within the terms
of that act of Congress, and therefore the
judges declared the vessel forfeited. Mc-
Gregor and Jones and Maitland were also nat-
uralized citizens who had gone back to their
native country, were partners in a British
house with none but British partners, and
remained there. The court said :
" It is to be presumed that Maitland, McGregor,
and Jones knew thy laws of their own country."
Recollect, this was before the doctrine of
inalienable allegiance was even exploded, so
far as the treaty between us and England was
concerned. The court continues:
" Yet with this knowledge they returned to Eng-
land; and that, as it appears from their subsequent
conduct, not tor a temporary purpose merely, but
ammo manendi. They have established there a house
of trade. They have placed themselves and their
property under the protection of Great Britain, and
cannot now, with any show of reason, claim protec-
tion of the United States, although the United States
may still claim something of them."
Maitland, with a full knowledge of the war,
elected to remain in England until he heard
the vessel was captured.
McGregor left England for the United States
as a British subject. His passport was from
the privy council and signed by Lord Sidmouth',
whereas American citizens obtain their pass-
ports from the "alien office." Now, let me
say once for all, that the House may understand
it, so far as this case is concerned, it was one
