1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the ease down to a single point. This road, if
built, will be doubly advantageous, first to the
people of Washington, secondly to the whole
traveling people of the United States, who will
find the facility of travel increased, who will
find the road between New York and Cincin-
nati shorter. You have then a double advan-
tage. And now, sir, will Congress interfere to
arrest the people who are disposed to build
this road? Will they put their congressional
veto upon it? I do not doubt the power of
Congress; but I submit that this is not the
occasion to exercise it. I submit that the
people of the District of Columbia should not
on this occasion be put into leading-strings.
And there, sir, I end. No one doubts, at any
rate no one has insisted, that this road, if built,
will not be advantageous. I insist, then,
that Congress shall not interfere to arrest the
building of the road by putting the people of
the District of Columbia under their guard-
ianship.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the vote is taken on
the proposition, which I understand to be now
before the Senate, to postpone the bill indefi-
nitely  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would observe that the motion was not made
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
but he intimated that he would make the
motion.
Mr. WRIGHT, Then the question before
the Senate is on the merits of the bill, on its
passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. WRIGHT. The whole metits of the
bill are really before Senate at this time.
As I propose to vote against this bill either
with or without the amendment, I shall direct
the few words that I propose to say upon it
to the merits of the bill. And in doing so
it is not my purpose to say anything of the
advantages or disadvantages of this road. To
me it makes no difference where it starts, nor
whence it leads, nor where it ends. 1 care
not that it may commence upon the Atlantic
sea-board andgo through this city to the West,
or commence in the North and go througli
this city to the extreme South. I care not
that it be conceded, if it is conceded, that it
is the most important road that could possibly
be built to this city. I care not if it be con-
ceded that you have no other road here, and
that this road is a necessary road to the city.
1 care not whether you have half a dozen roads
already leading into this city or not, I care not
whether the citizens of Washington voted
wisely or otherwise on the proposition sub-
mitted to them. I care not whether I would
have voted as they did, or would have voted
the other way. All ol these matters, to my
mind, are unimportant in the view that I take
ol the question that arises before all these,
and vastly more important, in my judgment,
than all these. It is true that if I could get
over the point that I regard as the important
one in the case, 1 might come to the consid-
eration of these questions, and inquire whether
the proposed action is wise or unwise, discreet
or otherwise.
I am asked the question, however—others
have been asked here already—who gives us
the guardianship of the people of this Dis-
trict? What right have we, and how wise or
just is it that we at this time should interfere
with this proposed action, when the people
by their votes have declared in favor of it?
I think an all-sufficient answer to that is iound
in the very law that we are asked to approve.
That very law says that before it shall have
any force it shall have our approval; and the
people of the District, through their repre-
sentatives, when voting for that loan knew as
well that it did require our approval as they
knew anything else in that law. There I find
the charter for my action, and a sufficient war-
rant for my vote for or againat this bill.
Not only that, sir; but if I have the right and
it is my duty here as a Senator to act upon this
question, then it is my duty to act upon it under
the oath that I have taken, and if 1 believe
there is no power to do this thing then it is
my duty to say so. Mr. President, I have no
thought of taking uj) much time upon this
question ; but I have intimated, from the sug-
gestion I have made and the inquiries that
have been started, that it is a question more
important than has been stated.
The power of taxation comes from the sov-
ereign. Unless you find a power to exercise
it somewhere given, it cannot be exercised.
These are elementary principles. It is a power
delicate in its nature and never should be ex-
ercised, and there is no power to exercise it,
as I have suggested, unless the power is given.
I do not claim necessarily that it shall be given
expressly, but I say it must be fairly and neces-
sarily implied from the powers given, else there
is no power to exercise it.
Now, I say that every citizen of this District
and of the country over has certain reserved
rights that never have been surrendered by
him ; and that when you come to the subject
of taxation there is no power to levy taxes as
against him or his property unless you can
find a warrant for it either in the Constitution
or the law. I say also that here and the coun-
try over this is true, unless there be'exceptions
under the constitutions and laws of some of
the States, that the power of taxation obtains
only for purposes that are public in their nature,
and that neither the Legislature nor the people
have any power'to provide and declare that I
shall pay a tax for a purpose that is not public
in its nature.
Let me be understood. "When it comes to
support the Government, starting with the
smallest municipalities up to the Federal
Government, all taxes are legitimate for the
support of such government; and if either the
law-making power or the people (if the power
can and may be delegated to the people) de-
termine that a particular tax is legitimate and
proper, then let it be levied, and there is a
warrant for it. But I say that whenever the
Congress of the U nited States or the Legisla-
ture of this District undertakes to provide,
either by a direct law or by a law submitting
it to the people, that a majority of the people
have a right to provide by their votes that I
shall be taxed or the other citizens of this Dis-
trict shall be taxed for a purpose that is other
than public, then they do so without warrant
in the Constitution or in the law. I say that
every individual in this District and the coun-
try over, unless there be exceptional statutes,
reserves to himself the right that his property
shall be secure against such legislation, and I
say that you have no more power by legisla-
tion of this kind to declare that my property
shall be taken for a purpose of this kind with-
out my consent than you have to declare under
the Constitution that my property shall be
taken for a public purpose, against my con-
sent, without compensation.
Now, it is said the people are to judge of
this thing. Let me suppose that an act of the
District Legislature declares that if a major-
ity of the people vote in favor of building a
hotel, building a theater, building a public
hall, building a business house, building a
mill, that majority shall control, should we be
bound to say "that is legitimate and proper,
and we are not to interfere with their action 1"
I affirm that they have the same power to do
the one as they have to do the other, for by
this law it is provided that stock shall be taken
in this private corporation for pecuniary profit,
and the city of Washington becomes a stock-
holder in a private corporation in virtue of
this vote if we approve the action and the
subscription shall be made. I say it becomes
a stockholder in a private corporation, and
thus it occurs that a minority of the people of
this District, under this law, become stock-
holders in this private corporation against
their consent, as I have already suggested. I
say there is not power enough in all the peo-
ple of this District to declare that I, if a citi-
zen of this District, shall become such corpor-
ator or thus interested if I object to it. I
assert that if every man in this District was to
so vote he has not the power to conclude me
for any such purpose.
Mr. President, 1 regard this as a question
of the very greatest importance and vital in
its nature. All over this country this question
is being agitated, and it is really coming home
to the people and has to be determined by
them sooner or later, either by themselves or
through their Legislatures, whether a majority
can bind a minority under a vote and turn
them over and deliver them to corporations to
bind them and hold a mortgage on them and
tax their property for all coming time. Iknow
of no place so proper, so legitimate, so appro-
priate as the Senate of the United States, made
up as it is of members of the profession, some
of the strongest men in the nation, in which
for themselves and for the nation to declare
that this is wrong in principle and finds no
warrant in the Constitution, and that men have
certain rights, inherent in their nature, that
majorities cannot take from them.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir."
Mr. NYE. I ask whether he has not had a
series of cases in his own State involving this
principle?
Mr. WRIGHT. We have.
Mr. NYE. Will you be kind enough to
tell'us what the ruling of the court was ?
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 will, sir. So far as I am
concerned myself, the distinguished Senator
cannot shake the gory locks of those decisions
at me. I .say also, so far as the decisions in
that State are concerned on the question we
are now considering, as-to the power of coun-
ties to subscribe for stock and issue bonds to
railroad companies, that while at one time
principle, in my judgment, was ignored, " the
sober second thought" of the judiciary came
to the rescue, and now they stand upon prin-
ciple, where 1 stand to-day ; and I am glad of it.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask whether the
courts have not held that the bonds which your
counties issued should be paid?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly they have. I
might put my distinguished friend on the stand
awhile and ask him a question as to whether
he thought that was really 'right, but I do not
think it is a matter that is very material to
this controversy.
Mr. President, I trust for the credit of the
Seriate, 1 trust for the good name of the coun-
try, 1 trust for the higher and better purpose,
that principle may be maintained, that this
Senate will here to-day assert the doctrine that
as against a minority there is no power to turn
them over to the hands of a corporation to de-
liver them and compel them to pay taxes for
such a purpose for all coming tune. I say this
much, Mr. President, not because I have any
other than the most friendly interest in the de-
velopment of this the capital city of this great
nation. I say this much because 1 would have
the Senate stand upon principle, and here now
at this time set its face against this iniquity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. MORltILL, of Vermont. Pardon me,
the question is on the indefinite postponement
of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER .The Chair
remarked a few moments ago, in the absence
of the Senator from Vermont, that he did not
make that motion, but only intimated that he
would make it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I made it
directly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves to postpone this
bill indefinitely.
