288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 25,
Ho. of Reps.
John Emilio Houard—Mr. Myers.
4'2d Cong....2d Sess.
between this country and its citizens, I do not
care whether they were native or naturalized,
residing in a country with which we were at
war. Is there such a case here? Are we at
war with Cuba or with Spain ? No.
Between this country, however, and natural-
ized citizens who had denationalized them-
selves by going back to the land in which they
were born, all the authorities maintain that a
man the more readily receives the impress
of domicile when thus returning; but that there
is nothing to limit that citizenship which
ensues from birth by duration of residence
abroad, unless by some act such citizen claims
allegiance elsewhere and forswears his alle-
giance here.
Yattel has been quoted. Let me read from
Yattel, although I do not care much to read
from his text. The question here must be
solved by the laws of this country, the laws of
Spain, and the treaty between us which guar-
anties rights to the citizens of either country;
and if these support the proposition we con-
tend for, a library of text-books or precedents
would not countervail them.
Chief Justice Marshall dissented from the
opinion in the case to which I have referred.
He concurred in so much as attached a hos-
tile character to the property of an American
continuing after the declaration of war to
reside in the enemy's country, but dissented
from all the rest.
But let me read what Vattel says:
"The right of domicile is not established unless
the person makes sufficiently known his intention
of fixing there, eitiier tacitly or by an express dec~
laration."
Said Judge Washington, referring to Vattel
and the writers on the law of nations:
" If he had made no declaration on the subject,
and his secret intention is to be discovered, his
acts must be attended to, as affording the most satis-
factory evidence of his intention."
The gentleman read these extracts solto
voce. In this case, as I shall show presently,
Dr. Houard made express declarations that
he was an American citizen ; he enrolled him-
self at the American consulate in 1868 or
1869, and again in 1870. As proved by the
affidavit which ha3 been read at the Clerk's
desk, he always hoisted the American flag on
American holidays ; and the evidence leaves
no doubt he was known at Cienfuegos as an
American who took pride in his country.
His sister, Mrs. Dutton, as appears by the
record, says:
"He was known as an American and prided him-
self on it, and during our rebellion was well known
at Cienfuegos as one of the stanehest up! olders of
the Union."
His son resides in Philadelphia. His five
nephews were in the Union Army from that
city. The sister of Dr. Houard, mother of
two of those young men, resides there. The
brother of Dr. Houard, father of the three
others, resides there. By all his associations
Dr. Houard is connected with this country.
It has never been pretended that he ever took
that oath which it will appear he had to take
before he could renounce his allegiance to
this country and become a citizen of Spain.
Now, as to the Martin Koszta case. There a
subject of Austria had taken out in this country
what is known as his "first papers." He had
declared bis intention to become a citizen of
the United States, and sailing in an American
vessel to Turkey, was seized by the Austriau
authorities. In order to uphold the honor of
the American flag, nobly asserted by an Amer-
ican naval officer, Commander Ingraham, Mr.
Marcy carried the doctrine in that case cer-
tainly as far as it could be allowed to go; and
he asserted that such domicile as Koszta
acquired here entitled hiui to protection from
our Government.
A great deal has been said here about domi-
cile. It has been declared ex cathedra that
domicile entitles a person to protection ; so it
does. And it has been urged that the con-
verse of the proposition must be true that where
there is protection there must be equivalent
duties resulting ; and the draft has been men-
tioned as an illustration. True, it is the duty
of a domiciled foreigner to obey the laws, yet
no matter how long he resided in this country
he was not subject to the draft, although he
was entitled to protection of our laws. The
humblest resident, is so entitled.
But to return to the case of Koszta. What did
Mr. Marcy declare in that case ? Simply that
Koszta was entitled to protection. Koszta
was not taken from Austrian soil. He was
surrendered by agreement from an Austrian
vessel, having been kidnapped by the Austrian
authorities from Turkish soil, where he was
under the protection of the American con-
sulate. But in the case of Simon Taussig,
which arose almost immediately after that of
Koszta, Secretary Marcy, who is deemed to
be such an authority on this subject, declined
to make any demand for the release of Taussig,
who had voluntarily returned to Austria and
placed himself within the reach of her mu-
nicipal laws. Secretary Marcy recognized
these two eases as standing on an entirely dif-
ferent basis. Domicile may be acquired ;
residence, of course, exists; (employ whichever
term you please ;) and the right to protection
may follow, but not citizenship.
While upon the subject of the differing rule
affecting native-born and naturalized citizens,
I desire to point to our treaties entered into as
late as 1868 with Bavaria, with Wurtemburg,
and Baden and Hesse, and with the North Ger-
man States. It is expressly stipulated that a
naturalized citizen going irom one of those
States and returning to the land of his birth
and living there two years shall resume citi-
zenship there. No such renunciation is claimed
against one born upon this soil, and in these
treaties we expressly stipulate that a declara
tion of intention shall not for either party
confer citizenship.
Let me briefly advert once again to this doc-
trine of domicile and protection. The right of
domicile gives no right to the Spanish Govern-
ment of oppression. If Dr. Houard was, as
is claimed, domiciled under the Spanish Gov-
ernment, that Government was bound to pro-
tect not to oppress him. Every resident, under
the laws of all civilized nations, is to be afforded
the protection of the laws.
Suppose, Mr. Speaker, Doctor Houard had
gone to Jamaica, or to any of the neighboring
islands subject to another form of government,
had been charged with an offense, and had
appealed to Spain for protection, what would
have been the result ? Would they have
afforded him protection and claimed him as a
Spanish citizen ? That is the test. No, sir, they
would not. Why ? As the law stood under
the constitution of 1845, persons born witiiin
the dominion of Spain of alien parents were
Spaniards ; but even this is altered by article
three of the decree of 1852, and such persons
must now claim Spanish nationality in order to
become Spaniards.
If Martin Koszta had never declared his
intention to become an American citizen, and
renounce his allegiance to Austria would his
domicile here have caused us to demand his
release? Certainly not.
Now let us see what are the authorities sent
us by the Secretary of State in reference to
the Spanish laws:
" Transient citizens are those who arrive on their
way elsewhere, without any intention to remain in
the country, and the prolongation ot their stay,
sometime* -indefinite, does not affect their status as
transient, because, according to the law already
cited, the foreigner who resides any length of time
in Spain is nntconsidcred aresident, providedhe still
J holdi to the protection of his flag or consulate.
I " It must be kept in view that the law supposes a
voluntary act in the foreigner to take up his resi-
dence, or reside as a transient citizen, on condition,
in the latter case, that he cannot enjoy the advan-
tages and privileges of the residents and citizens of
the kingdom. This liberty, allowed by the ancient
law, has been explained by the Government, as in
consequence of a claim established by the embassy
of France, the minister of state, in a note addressed
to the embassy on the 28th of May, 1837, declared
that instating, in the first and fourth paragraphs
of the constitution, that all persons born m Spain
are considered Spaniards, and also those foreigners
who have acquired residence in any part of the
kingdom, it must be taken in the sense of conced-
ing a power or right, and not as imposing an obliga-
tion or forcing them to become Spaniards against
their will, if also holding the right of nationality in
any other country should proscribe their acquisition
of it in Spain.
"Although the foreigner is free to acquire resi-
dence. or remain as a transient resident, he must
state his choice and accept the conditions to which
his residence is subject. The resident loreigner must
take the bcfore-meDtioned oath, but the transient
one has only to submit in obedience to the laws and
the king. By the interpretation of the law and
present practice all the principal foreign mer-
chants, notwithstanding their long residence in the
peninsula, are considered as transient; and prohibi-
tion to engage in any trade, art, or profession,which
the law foimerly reserved for the domiciled or na-
tive residents, does not now apply to the transient
foreigner; and on this principle the royal order of
August 11, 1837, permitted transient foreigners to
exercise the liberal arts and mechanical trades.and
retail merchant business, even without domiciling
themselves, provided they obtain the ueces.-ary
license from the proper authority and paid the usual
taxes; and also, article nineteen of the commercial
code orders that foreigners who have nol obtained
naturalization nor legal domicile can engage in
commerce in Spanish territory under treaty regula-
tions existing between their respective Govern-
ments.
"By these regulations, above copied, it can be
decided negatively, the question relative to the son
of a foreigner who came to the island of Cuba as a
colonist, as all the conditions and requirements,
without full compliance with which no one is con-
sidered as a Spaniard who, for not wishing to lose
his primitive nationality, fails to comply, have been
explained as lully as could be desired."
Would not Spain have claimed for all of her
citizens a Spanish nationality if the case were
reversed ? By the Spanish constitution of 1845
the quality of a Spaniard is only lost by nat-
uralization in a foreign country or by admis-
sion to the employ of a foreign country with-
outthe royal license. ( Co dice Civile, article 13.)
But as if to leave no doubt, the Spanish law
of July 4, 1870, published, it is alleged, in an
official gazette at Havana, permits resident
foreigners in Spanish colonies to be consid-
ered such by having their names enrolled in
the list of foreigners at the consulate of his
nation and with the superior civil governor.
It is not known whether this notice reached
Cienfuegos, but Dr. Houard did again enroll
himself as an American with our consul there,
on November 25,1870, and no doubt our con-
sul so notified the authorities, for at first he
was admitted by them to be an American.
What is the proof here? Mr. Biddle, our
consul general, in writing to this Government,
claims Dr. Houard as a citizen of the United
States, and that the captain general stated
that orders had been given that Dr. Houard
should receive every consideration "due to
foreigners." Mr. Torbert, afterward consul
general, states the same thing; and further,
that the captain general had replied to him
(showing it was known to the Spanish author-
ities that Dr. Houard whs an American) that
several Americans had been pardoned ; but
this indulgence had been so abused that he,
the captain general, should stop it.
But that is not all. We have the oath of
Mr. Fox, United States consular agent at Cien-
fuegos, that Dr. Houard enrolled himself at
the consulate in 1808 or 1809 as an American.
That was at the breaking out of hostilities in
the island. Such an enrollment as was th< 11
demanded was never required before. I will
read his sworn statement:
I, Charles Fox, now resident at Portland, in the
county of Cumberland, and State <>! j\l line, on o:u h,
j say that in the latter part of lSfj-'-i and the first part
1 of 1869 1 was United Slates consular agent at <Jien-
