3028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Senator a question with his permission. I
understood the Senator to say that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury stated that this company
was about to put on a semi-monthly service
anyhow.
Mr. HARLA.N. I did not state that the
Secretary of the Treasury said so ; but I heard
a report read from the Secretary's desk just
now, on the request of the honorable Senator
from Oregon, which did state the fact.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator, if it is
not to be taken out of his time, allow me to
state the fact in relation to that?
Mr. HA.RLAN. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. The fact is that such a
circular as that sent to the desk by the Senator
from Oregon was issued, and the fact also is
that the action of the board of directors of the
company which authorized that circular to be
issued was so objectionable to the stockholders
that it resulted in a change of the board, and
that that action has since been reconsidered
and no such line will be put on.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt when
they concluded to apply for a subsidy they
would rescind that act and withdraw their ad-
vertisement for the time being.
Mr. WINDOM. They ousted the other
board before they did it.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course they did. They
knew very well that if the country had already
learned to know that they had decided to put
on these ships the people would not justify
Congress in voting an additional subsidy.
Hence, they iesciud the action of this board
and wait to see if Congress will give them an
additional $10,000,000 for the same service
and a service they are about to perform in the
interest of commerce.
But, sir, 1 was about to read. For the vear
18G6 the coastwise tonnage was 8,353,657 tons;
for the last year, 2,764,599 tons. Here in a
falling off in the coastwise trade of 599,058
tons, i need not inform any Senator that we
have a monopoly of the coastwise trade; all
foreign competition is absolutely prohibited;
but the falling off is more than half a million
tons. And this accounts largely for the ap-
parent. fill ling off of the total tonnage of the
United States. Take the year of the smallest
tonnage, 1808; it was then 4,144,03!) toils;
and the largest, 1801, was 5,559,813 tons,
making a difference of 1,257,200 tons, so that,
the diminution of the coastwise tonnage makes
a very large per cent, of the aggregate diminu-
tion ; but then the startling fact must be pres-
ent in the mind of every Senator, that our
tonnage is increasing from year to year, and
has been for several years last past.
In the face of these facts, with what propri-
ety can the Senate of the United States double
the pay for carrying the United States mails?
Everybody who has given the slightest atten-
tion to this subject knows that the pay this
line are already receiving is largely in excess
of the service they perform; that, the mails
can be hired to carry across the Pacific by
paying any ship the ocean postage, and the
Postmaster General has now the authority to
make these contracts by a statute passed but a
few years since. He may contract with any
ship to carry the mail of the United States
for the ocean postages.
This measure, therefore, is not. necessary to
secure the carrying of the mail. It will be per-
fectly useless as a war measure. It gives us
nothing that we have not now under existing
law, and as we have learned from the published
statements of this company, it will not even
augment the number of ships which they will
put on the Pacific ocean or on this line of
commerce.
There is one other observation that I desire
to make, and that is that just as sure as you
increase this subsidy you diminish the proba-
bilities of any competition. If commerce shall
ever spring up between the United States and
China ia proportions at all commensurate with
the vast commercial interests ofthe two nations,
no one line of steamships can perform the
service. But, sir, while this commerce is
springing up, while it is struggling for an ex-
istence, we place it in the power of this com-
pany to monopolize the business and thus drive
out other companies that may desire to put
ships on the same line. If it is not necessary,
therefore, to secure the carrying of the mails,
is of no use whatever as a war measure, and
is not demanded in the interests of commerce,
and will tend to make this more of a monopoly
than it is to-day, I am at a loss to see any
substantial reason for enlarging the subsidy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am anxious
to give some assistance to commerce in almost
any direction, but a subsidy is objectionable,
and very objectionable in the form in which it
is presented here. I understand that this com-
pany is already under contract for five years
to come to carry the mails as they have done
in time past. This bill proposes that we shall
make a contract with the same parties, giving
no other parties any opportunity for competi-
tion at all, not increasing the number of ves-
sels to a certain extent over those they now
run, but increasing the compensation, doubling
the compensation they now receive for vessels
they already have in existence. I propose,
therefore, to offer an amendment changing the
first portion of this section, so that the con-
tract shall be given out to the lowest bidder,
and that there shall be time for vessels to be
constructed. I am not for giving a monopoly
to this or any other company. 1 shall move
that amendment whenever it may be in order.
Sir, I am not deceived in relation to this
service. While I believe it will be extremely
important to the country, 1 wholly throw aside
the intimation that it has already proved of
any very great advantage to the Treasury as
compared with the amount paid out. It has
simply caused a transfer of a large share of
the tea trade from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
I do not care where the tea comes in, whether
on one ocean or the other; but so far as the
increase of duties is concerned, if there had
been no such steamship service, the same
amount of revenue we have collected upon
teas would have been collected. I move to
strike out on page 6, section four, from line
six down to and including the word "thereof"
in line fifteen, and insert what I send to the
Secretary's desk as a substitute for the pend-
ing proposition.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me a moment?
Mn MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
explain this amendment.
Mr. POMEKOY. I wish to make a point
of order upon it at the proper time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If Senators
will look at their bills and insert after the word
'contract," in line nine, the words " with the
lowest, hidder after sixty days' public notice
and on the same page, after the word "years'"
in line ten, insert " from and after the 1st day
of October, 18/3;" and on page 7, line fifteen,
after the word "thereof," insert u but which
shal! in no case exceed the annual amount
hereby appropriated," they will have the sub-
stance of the amendment which I propose.
I his will give fair competition. It will give
time to build the ships. It is not taking time
by the forelock, as the amendment ofthe com-
mittee proposes to do, and to give this com-
pany five years before their contract termin-
ates an additional subsidy for work they are
already doing.
Mr. POMEROY. Is this amendment in
order / I understood that the amendment to
the amendment moved by the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] was now pend-
ing.
The PRESIDING' OPFTCBR. That was
accepted by unanimous consent. There was
only one amendment pending-until the Sena-
tor from Vermont offered his amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to explain tht
action of the committee on this matter.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has spoken
several times.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not want to speak;
but I see that there is evidently a confusion
in,these amendments, and I desire to state
what 1 believe to be the condition of the bill
and what the committee desires. The dis-
cussion has been upon the eighth line wholly,
and I was not aware that any amendment had
been offered further than that, although it has
been discussed. The committee propose to
strike out all in lines nine, ten, eleven, twelve,
thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen, down to the
word "provide," and insert at the proper
time what I send to the Secretary to be read,
and now give notice of.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Vermont. I ask if the
amendment I offered is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so rules.
Mr. WINDOM. I simply give notice that
I shall offer that amendment from the com-
mittee at the proper time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont offers an amendment to
the amendment, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
that portion of the section so as to read:
For steamship service between some port or ports
the United States on the Pacific coast and Japan
and China, $1,000,000; and the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized to contract with the lowest bid-
der, after sixty days' public notice, for a term of ten
years from and after the 1st day of October, 1873,
tor carrying a semi-monthly mail on said route, at a
compensation not to exceed the rate per voyage now
paid for the monthly service, and upon the same
conditions and limitations as prescribed by the ex-
isting acts of Congress in reference thereto, and the
contracts made in pursuance thereof, but which shall
in no case exceed the annual amount hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the reading of the
proposition of the Senator having the bill in
charge.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will add his amendment to the per-
fected amendment as the committee propose to
make it.
Mr. COLE. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read as suggested or reported by my
friend from Minnesota.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there
be no objection, the Secretary will read the
amendment to the amendment intended to
be proposed by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have seen
the amendment to be proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota, and it is even more objec-
tionable than the amendment as it now stands,
for in terms and specifically it prescribes that
the contract shall be made with the present
contractors. Therefore I am opposed to the
change and prefer the amendment as I have
offered it.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Vermont that X think his amend-
ment provides for what he does not mean. It
provides for a contract for a semi-monthly
service, which may be made with an entirely
new company, while there is a contract now
for monthly service which will last for five or
six years yet. It might result in having two
services.
Mr. WINDOM. It was px*ecisely to obvi-
ate that difficulty that I have offered my
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. If he will simply provide
for another monthly service, then we get two,
an^ the two together make it semi-monthly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will modify
my amendment so as to say f,an additional
monthly service" instead of il semi-monthly."
lhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont modifies his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to the
Senator from Vermont modifying that if he
desires to do so, but I think the committee
