S40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
in the form of a resolution, will be referred to
the committee with the bill.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The Mint
of the United States, up to the present time,
has been carried on with the existing salaries
for at least ten years. Money was of much
less value then than it is at this time, and yet
these salaries are now to be raised. I have
made this motion because I believe that it is
the sense of the American people, and that it
is the sense of the majority of this House, that
the salaries of officers of the United States
Governmentshouldnotbeincreased. I believe,
furthermore, that it is the sense of the country,
and the sense of this House, that additional
offices should not be created in the Mint, that
a new bureau should not be created, involving
the appointment necessarily of a number ot
new offices.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to call the previous question, so that we
may have a vote ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. KELLEY. I have no objection to the
previous question being now called.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Beforethat
is done, however, I will change the phraseology
of my instructions so as to say the aggregate
amount of salaries shall not be increased.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; the question being first
on the instructions offered by Mr. McCormick,
of Missouri.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
63, noes 53.
Mr. ELD RIDGE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 94, not voting 63;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Beatty,
Bell, Biggs, Bird, James G.Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Caldwell, Carroll,Conner.Cox, Crebs.Criteher, Cross-
land, Davis, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eidridge, Ely,
Garrett, Getz, Goodrich, Hancock, Handles', Hanks,
Harper, John T. Harris, Havens, Hay, Hereford,
Herndon, Holman, Kerr, King, Laimson, Leach,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
MeHenry, McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan, Niblaek, Hosea W. Parker, Eii Perry, Pot-
ter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Kice,
William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Sherwood, Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, Stevens, Stevenson. Storm, Swann,
Terry. Dwight Townsend, Tuthill. Van Trump,
Vaughan, Waddoll, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Beveridge, Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn,
Conger, Cotton, Dawes, Donnan, Dnell, Dunnell,
Eames, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster. Wilder D.Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Hale, Harmer, George E. Har-
ris, Hawley, Gerry W.Hazleton, John W. Hazleton,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,Keilo|:g, Keteham, Kil-
linger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, McJun-
kin, Mercur, Merriam, Moore, Leonard Myers, Neg-
ley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck. Pendleton, Perce. Peters. Piatt, Porter, Prin-
dle, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Scofield, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sheliabarger, H. Board-
man Smith, John A.Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas
J. Speer, Spraguo, Starkweather, Stoughton,Strong,
Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wnkeman, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler. Whiteley, Wiilard,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—94.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Banks,
Barnum, Beck. Bigby. Austin Blair, James Brooks,
Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Clarke,
Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Creeiy, Darrall, De Large,
Dickey, Edwards, Elliott, Fanisworth, Farwell,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Golladay, Griffith, Halde-
man, Halsey, Hambleton, Hays, Hibbard, Houghton,
Kendall, Kirisella, Lynch, McCrary, McGrew. Mc-
Intyre, McKee, McNcely, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey,
Morphis, Aaron F. Perry, Poland, Price, Rainey,
Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Sawyer, Shober. Shoe-
maker, Worthmgton C. Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Voorhees,
and Young—63.
So the instructions were disagreed to.
The question reeurred upon the motion to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures; and being put, it
was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted to the com-
mittee ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
, The latter motion was agreed to.
texas election w. t. clarke.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of privilege.
I call up the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of William T. Clarke, claim-
ing a seat as Representative from the third
congressional district of Texas, and I ask for the
reading of the resolution reported by the com-
mittee.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That W. T. Clarke has the prima, facie
right to a seat as Representative from the third con-
gressional district of the State of Texas, and is enti-
tled to take the oath of office as a member of this
House, without prejudice t® the right of any person
claiming to have been elected thereto to contest his
right to said seat upon the merits.
Mr. HOAR. This is a very simple matter,
and I propose to ask the previous question at
the end of half an hour, and to give gentle-
men on the other side one half of the hour and
a half which will be devoted to the whole
case, which will make three quarters of an
hour to each side. I do not think it will be
necessary to occupy the three quarters of the
hour reserved to our side; I think-1 can con-
dense my opening remarks into five minutes
of the time.
Mr. RANDALL. Will any opportunity be
given for moving an amendment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Which side does the
gentleman mean by " our side" in an election
case ?
Mr. HOAR. I mean the side of the minor-
ity, whoever they may be.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not suppose that
was your side.
Mr. RANDALL. It is possible I may want
to offer an amendment. I want to know at
what tiafe he will allow me to move an amend-
ment.
Mr." HOAR. I will take that matter into
consideration. This case presents a very sim-
ple question of law. If any gentleman in this
House desires to vote upon it understandingly
and upon its merits, I think I can help him to
do so if he will listen to me for five minutes.
The question is whether Mr. Clarke has a
prima facie right to a seat in this House pend-
ing the contest. The statute of the United
States makes it the duty of the Clerk of the
last House to make up his roll for the new
House by putting upon it the names of such
persons as have credentials. The question
here is whether the certificate which is an-
nexed to the report constitutes a credential
within the meaning of that law. The certifi-
cate signed by the Governor and secretary of
the State of Texas, authenticated by the broad
seal of the State, declares that Mr. Clarke is
duly elected Representative from that dis-
trict. The committee think that under the
usages of this House such a certificate, in the
absence of any State law expressly authoriz-
ing it, constitutes credentials. But the law of
the State of Texas expressly provides that the
returns of the election officers shall be trans-
mitted to the Governor of the State, and opened
by the secretary of State in the presence of
the Governor and attorney general, and that
they shall make up from an examination of
those returns a table, which tabular statement
shall be put on record in the office of the sec
retary of State, and a copy thereof forwarded
I to the person so elected, and another copy to
j the Clerk of this House. That document has
i been sent to the Clerk of this House, and is
1 also added to the Governor's certificate declar-
1 ing Mr. Clarke elected. From thatdocument,
j that table of the returns, it also appears that
! Mr. Clarke is duly elected.
1 But it appears that the Governor and secre-
; tary of State of Texas, in making up the table,
i rejected the returns of several voting precincts,
i on the ground that they found there were vio-
I lence and intimidation to such an extent that
there was not a fair vote in those precincts
There are a half dozen precincts that were
rejected, but only two of them, the precincts
of Freestone and Limestone, make any differ-
ence in this inquiry, because the others do not
affect the result one way or the other.
Now the question is this: if the Governor
and the secretary of State of Texas had a right,
in making up that table, to reject any^ of the
returns because they found the election was
conducted under circumstances of violence and
intimidation, then thero is no guestion that
Mr. Clarke is clearly entitled to his seat. The
majority of the Committee of Election? think
they had tlfat right. The minority of the com -
mittee think they had not; firr-t, because the
election law of Texas, which gives the Gov-
ernor and secretary of State the right in making
up these tables to reject certain returns
because the election was held under circum-
stancesof violence and intimidation, pre-cribes
that they shall do it only when the election
officers certify that there has been such vio-
lence, and that certificate is authenticated by
the affidavit of a certain number of legal voters.
Now, it does not appear on the face of this
certificate to Mr. Clarke that such an affidavit
and certificate of the election officeis were
submitted to the Governor. Therefore, the
minority of the committee contend that the
Governor had no right to go into any inquiry
in regard to those two precincts which he has
rejected.
The majority of the committee are clearly
of opinion that it is not necessary that it
appear on the face of the credentials that these
proceedings of the Governor were based upon
a proper certificate and affidavit. Iliat is- the
presumption of law. The credentials stand.
The law does not require that the Governor
shall certify to the details of the examination
and show that the proceedings were legal in
all particulars. The law simply requires that
having examined these questions, having re-
jected precincts where the election was found
to have been accompanied with circumstances
of fraud and violence, the Governor and the
secretary of State shall certify the result, not
the process : so that we think those credentials
are clearly sufficient.
The other claim which is made by the minor-
ity of the committee is that the provision for an
examination into these election returns in any
case by the Governor and the secretary of State
is not applicable to the election of members of
Congress. The majority of tlie committee are
of the opinion that the provision is applicable.
If it is not, then there is no provision at all in
the law of Texas authorizing an examination
by anybody into the validity of an election, or
the ascertaining by anybody of the result of
an election for members of Congress; but the
law of Texas would require the transmission to
this House of a confused jumble of returns—
copies of the returns of the local election offi-
cers, amounting in some districts to over one
hundred ; and the Clerk of this House, before
making up the roll of members, must foot up
these returns, pass upon all questions of their
regularity, and all questions of the authority
of the election officers, and thus arrive at the
legal result of the election. We have put upon
the pages of our report a careful analysis of
the provisions of the law of Texa^ on this sub-
ject, from which it seems to us manifest that
the Governor and the secretary of State in this
case pursued the proper and legal course; that
the document they have sent us is such a doc-
ument as the law of Texas requires to be sent,
j and that it constitutes credentials for Mr.
I Clarke. That is the whole case.
I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
i [Mr. Rice, j representing the minority of the
j committee, the remainder of the half hour,
. excepting one minute, as I desire to call the
previous question.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the
questions presented by the two reports in this
i ease are two only. The first question is a
