3924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
book is fifty-four cents; the duty of twenty-
five. per cent, ad valorem is thirteen and a
half cents gold ; it weighs one pound and
twelve ounces; the duty per pound at twelve
and a half cents would be twenty-one and a
quarter cents gold, or an average over the
present rate of duty of fifty per cent. ; and
this book was exhibited to the men engaged in
«, the trade.
It is not necessary to go into further detail,
because these facts cannot begainsaid. At the
same time there is an evil to be remedied, and
that is, that books brought in under the pres-
ent system of ad valorem, duties are always
undervalued. They are sometimes shipped
by large houses in London to their agents in
New York at a nominal price, and undoubt-
edly the present rate of duty at twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem, is one easily evaded and
frauds supervene. But between the two we
thought rather than increase the duty on the
cheaper priced books to the poor of this coun
try or to the middle classes of the country,
under a bill pretending to reduce taxation,
while at the same time largely reducing the
duty on books of higher cost to people who
are wealthy, who are able to pay for expen-
sive binding and gilt edges and fine paper, it
would be better to leave the book duty alone,
to let it remain where it is upon the present
law, or reduce the duty ten per cent., as you
do other duties, and let the subject stand over
for fuller and fairer investigation. That is
the result of my judgment, and I shall so
vote.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, the discussion
"which has already taken place upon paper has
certainly shown that if the duty on paper be
maintained at anything near like what it is
the duty on books is not enough ; and yet we
are met with this difficulty: under an ad
valorem, duty a book which in London cost
fourteen shillings is invyiced at seven shil-
lings; a book which costs a pound is invoiced
at ten shillings ; and the consequence is that
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem ts levied
upon only half its actual value. You could
have no better illustration of it than the Bible
i hold in my hand, which is an Oxford Bible,
which costs in London, (and perhaps it is about
the first time the booksellers have revealed
what it really costs,) if 1 have the figures right,
seventy four cents. Every one here knows
that you cannot go to a bookstore in New
' York and buy that book under two dollars or
two dollars and a half. I have in my hand
tables which show that the booksellers can
make out either of their cases on this subject
of the specific duty. Here, for instance, in
the multitude of communications that the
Committee on Finance have received on this
subject, I have one containing a list of thirteen
books, and it gives the price, the weight, the
duty there would be upon them ad valorem,
and the specific duly that would be put upon
them at twelve and a half cents a pound,
showing that the specific duty at twelve and a
half cents per pound on every one of these
thirteen books is a reduction of the twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem. This man was ask-
ing twenty-five cents per pound on books for
thepurpose of making seventeen to twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem. On the other hand there
is a table sent by another publisher, and he
makes his selection, and he shows that the duty
of twelve and a halt' cents per pound would be
an increase ranging from fourteen per cent,
up to one hundred and one per cent, on the
five or six books that he selects.
Now, we have to get rid of the two diffi-
culties. On the one hand there is the under-
valuation, by which our booksellers are con-
stantly undersold and the market flooded with
foreign productions, and on the other hand to
encounter what seems to be an inappropriate
method of levying a duty by fixing it upon the
pound. I am satisfied that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont cotues
nearer meeting the real difficulty than any
adjustment that, we can make here at an ad
valorem duty. He proposes to impose a spe-
cific duty of twenty cents a pound upon the
more costly books, and often cents upon the
cheaper books. That duty I am satisfied,will
be nearer to giving to the book interest a pro-
portionate degree of protection to that which
is given to paper than any other method that
we can adopt.
The chairman of the committee says that
the views of the committee were very decided.
Undoubtedly they were very decided upon the
two sides 1 suppose, but they were just so near
together that it was very hard to tell on which
side the majority was when we came to decide
upon this question.
Mr. SHERMAN, A majority were in favor
of striking out the specific duty.
Mr. SCOTT. I know, but the majority was
so small that it did not take long to count it.
On the whole question there has been more
difference of opinion among the parties inter-
ested than on any other question we have had
before us. We have had booksellers and
manufacturers before us who differed very
largely, one side saying that the duty of twelve
and a half cents was an actual reduction of
existing duties, and the other that it was an
advance. I think the Senator from Vermont
lias struck the medium between them, and
that his amendment will be a proper one to
adopt.
Mr. MORTON. It is obvious that some-
thing ought to be done. As the duty now
stands on books and paper there is a constant
discrimination against the American publish-
ers, and if this amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont furnishes the adequate
discrimination in favor of the American pub-
lishers. as would seem to be indicated by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I should be dis-
posed to favor it. I am not familiar enough
with the subject to determine just, what the
specific duty ought to be, butitrequires no ar-
gument to prove that as the duty now stands
upon paper and on books it is much cheaper
to have the books printed in England and
import them itjto this country than it is to im-
port the paper and print the books here. It.
seems to me that the case is so glaringthat we
ought to take action in some way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to call attention to the book that was
exhibited by the chairman. There is a hook
filled with beautiful wood plates, and that
book is represented to have cost fifty-four
cents. No gentleman who has ever under-
taken to purchase books in London can go there
and buy that book to-day for less than a dollar
and a half. He cannot do it in our country
for less than two dollars, unless it is imported,
and yet that book is impoited, as it is stated
here, for fifty-four cents I do not doubt the
fact; and what is it that it is proposed by the
amendment that I propose to put on that
book ? Seventeen and a half cents of dutv
only.
Mr. President, I have a long list books here
given to me by one of the most respectable
book sellers in this country, and it was for
the purpose of obtaining twenty-five cents a
pound, given to me la«t year ; and here are
statements of the weight, the cost, and the
present duty. He shows, for instance, on
'• Sunny Days,'' that while at one rate, twenty-
five per cent., it would be fifty-four cents, by
weight, at twenty-five cents a pound, it would
be fifty four and a half cents. Take another
one, -'My Young Days." That would be
fifty-eight and three quarter cents one way,
and seventy-seven cents the other way. Take
another one, "Adriftat Sea;" it would be at
the ad valorem fifty lour, and by the pound
fifty-four and a half cents
So I might go through with a long list, show-
ing that even twenty-five cents a pound would
not be too much. But, Mr. President, as I
said before, I do not believe there is any fair
solution of this question except by puttiug a ,
specific duty upon books. If it is not done I
predict that our booksellers will be driven
from the market,.and will not be able to pub-
lish common school-books.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not want to set any-
body to talking, but there is one thing I should
like to have, explained : on what principle of
free trade or of protection Or of any other con-
sistent system, do we put a tax of thirty-five
per cent, on paper, and then admit the books
which are made of that paper at, twenty-five
per cent. ? I do not understand how that can
be done, and I wish that some member of the
committee would explain that to me.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, upon this
question perhaps I am as much responsible for
the striking out of the clause under consider-
ation as any other member of the committee.
There was a time in the progress of our delib-
erations when I favored the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont, or at least favored a
proposition taxing books by the pound. Sub-
sequent reflection satisfied me that in that 1 was
in error. I understand the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont now to be to disciim-
inate, and for a certain quality of books to
provide twenty cents per pound, and upon
another quality of books ten cents per pound.
My opposition to this duty of so much per
pound is found in the first place in the fact
that I became thoroughly satisfied that ten or
twelve cents per pound, and certainly twenty
cents per pound, would increase the duty upon
books. I understand it to be the settled rule
of the committee, and also of the Senate, that
in arranging duties at this time there shall be
no increase upon anything ; that this is a bill
to reduce taxes and not to increase taxes ; and
therefore, while with reference to some articles
I might be willing to leave them stand as tliey
are now under the present law, I would not
favor any proposition that would increase.
I say I was satisfied that the proposition to
make the duty twelve and a half cents per
pound was an, increase of fluty, and for this
reason: I did uot find any book-seller or any
person interested in the trade but what favored
the duty of twelve and a half cents a pound.
Every person that came before us and every
person that said anything upon the subject
interested in the trade, was in favor of the
twelve and a half cents or of taxing by the
pound. I think it can be demonstrated be-
yond all question, as it has been, that the
twelve and a half cents per pound, and also
the twenty cents per pound upon the better
article of books and the ten cents a pound,
also will be an increase over and above the
present duty. Now, if the Senate are pre
pared to, increase the duties on books, to
increase the duties upon the importation of
intelligence arid literature, then they will be
in favor of the ten and twenty cents per pound.
I say, therefore, in the first place I am
opposed to the proposition because it is an in-
ciease of duty ; in the next place I am opposed
to it for the reason that I never will be guilty
of the absurdity in ray place of taxing litera-
ture by the pound. 1 trust the American Sen-
ate will never be guilty of so great an absurd-
ity as publishing to the world that we propose
to tax the intelligence that -we get through
books and the literature of the land, by the
pound. You might as well talk of taxing
diamonds by the pound. I, sir, am willing to
arrange it as we may without increasing the
duties, but I do beg of the Senate that they
will not go to the woild with the absurd pic-
ture of taxing literature as you propose here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield to me? I want to men-
tion to him one thing that is still more absurd,
I think. Until recently England taxed French
flowers, artificial flowers, by the. square foot.
Mr._ WRIGHT. Is the Senator from Ver-
mont in favor of that now?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been
considered by some that the mode of taxation
in England has been pursued with greater sci-
