1-872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3029
<mght to be permitted to perfect their amend-
ment before it is acted upon.
: . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
; ator from Minnesota asks to have the modified
" amendment of the committee read. The Chair
"hears no objection, and the amendment as pro-
: posed to the modified will be read.
: The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
• strike out in section four commencing in line
nine down to and including the word' 'thereof,"
'.and to insert:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to contract with the present contractors for a term
of ten years for the conveyance of an additional
monthly mail on said route, at a compensation not
to exceed the rate per voyage now paid to the said
contractors under the existing contracts, and upon
the same conditions and limitations as prescribed
by existing acts of Congress in reference thereto,
, and the rcspoctive contracts made in pursuance
thereof; and the said contractors shall be required
to carry the United States mails during the exist-
ence of said contract without additional charge on
all the steamers they may run upon said line, or
any part of it, or any branch or extension thereof.
Mr. WINDOM. Add to that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stocktox,] which the committee have ac-
cepted, and yon will have the amendment as
the committee propose it, to which I have no
objection to the Senator from Vermont
offering his amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not propose to pro-
long this debate, but only, as these amend-
ments are being proposed from the Committee
on Appropriations, to say that I do not agree
to changing the law as it now stands in pro-
viding for a monthly service at a liberal com-
pensation. I do not think this company at
this time need this additional assistance, and
1 do not think it wise at this moment to in-
crease this subsidy. Therefore, I wish, as one
member of the committee, to dissent to any
change of the present law. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Minnesota when the present
contract expires?
Mr. WIN DOM. In about four years, I
think, but this does not extend the present
contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the point. How
can it extend for four years when the contract
was entered into in January, 1865, for ten
years ?
Mr. WINDOM. Eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Mr. SHERMAN. Eighteen hundred and
sixty-five the law prescribes. I remember
when the law was passed.
Mr. WINDOM. I thi^k it was 1867.
Mr. POMEROY. They did not put the
steamers on immediately after the law was
Mr. WINDOM. I think it has nearly five
years to run.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should be
i ; very much pleased to gratify my friend from
l~ Minnesota and allow his amendment to be
; , acted upon first, but he will see that if his
■ amendment should be adopted it would defeat
: - my purpose. I could not afterward move to
i"' strike out what had been inserted ; and it will
be perfectly competent if the amendment which
- I propose shall be adopted for the Senator
• from Minnesota to propose the remainder of
his amendment as an addition to what I have
already proposed. It is perfectly plain that
' the amendment proposed by the Senator from
: Minnesota is a sheer bounty to the present
- contractors. What I propose is that we shall
have an additional service for the amount of
subsidy we pay out.
Mr. WINDOM. That is what the commit-
L tee propose.
; Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idonotseeit.
r The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Vermont to ob-
i' jeet to the modification of the amendment of
s • the committee, and therefore the modification
.eannot be made at the present time.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to understand
the Senator from Vermont. Does he want
the Government to put an opposition line on
so that the Government shall subsidize two
lines over the same ground?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
another party who will carry the mail for two
thirds or fifty per cent, less than this company,
I am perfectly willing that they shall be in
competition with the present existing line.
Mr. POMEROY. It seems to me to be
very bad policy for the Government to subsi-
dize two lines over the same ground.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not
the slightest objection to it.
Mr. WINDOM. Does not the Senator limit
it to American lines ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not
changed at all from your present amendment
in that respect.
_ Mr. FRELINGHYSEN. At the proper
time I shall propose an amendment, accord-
ing to my view of this subject, quite an im-
portant one. I underataud that the great
object, the prominent object of the Govern-
ment of the United States in granting subsi-
dies to steamship lines, is that we may by our
commerce train seamen for our Navy in time of
war. That was the reason given for the action
of the Government in reference to the bounties
paid to the fisheries, that it was a school in
which to train seamen. Now we are proposing
to pay this bounty of $500,000 or $1,000,000 to
this line, and there is no provision that the
seamen shall be American citizens. I take it
to be essential, in order to provide seamen
for our Navy in time of war, that they should
be American citizens. These lines may be
run and to a considerable extent, I believe,
are manned by Chinese. Very well, it Chi-
nese can, under the law, become American
citizens, I would not discriminate against
them j but when we are paying subsidies, the
great object of which is to provide seamen for
our Navy, it ought to be essential that the
seamen employed by that line, of whatever
race they may be, shall be American citizens.
Therefore, at the proper time, I shall move
to add to the amendment the following :
Provided, That the seamen employed on the said
line shall be American eitizens.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
precise proposition before the Senate read.
There have been four amendments offered to
my certain knowledge V.'ithin a few minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe the
Senator from Minnesota will accept the propo-
sition I have offered.
Mr. MORTON. He eannot do that.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot from the com-
mittee, but for myself I am in favor of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment cannot be accepted
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. WINDOM. I want it to be an Amer-
ican company, however.
Mr. MORTON. I move to lay the amend-
ment to the amendment on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have the^amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont
r The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will first read the amendment proposed
by the committee, and then the amendment
to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk. The committee report
to amend that portion of the fourth section so
that it will read as follows:
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, $1,000,000. And the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to contract for a term
of ten years for carrying a semi-monthly mail on
said route, at a compensation not to exceed the rate
per voyage now paid for the monthly service, and
upon the same conditions and limitations as pre-
scribed by the existing acts of Congress in refer-
ence thereto, and the contracts made in pursuance
thereof.
It is proposed to amend that amendment so
as to read:
For steamship service between some port of the
United States on the Pacific coast and Japan and
China, $1,000,000.
Mr. COLE. That portion of the amend-
ment has been acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the original amendment was
modified by giving consent to withdrawing the
amendment inserting the words "some port of
the United States on the Pacific coast'1 m lieu
of "San Francisco," and it is now proposed
by the Senator from Vermont to repl'ice those
words. The Secretary will resume the reading.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to amend the clause so as to
make it read:
For steamship service between some port of
the United States on the Pacific coast and Japan
and China. $1,000,000. And the Postmaster.General
is hereby authorized to contract with the lowest
bidder, after sixty days'public notice, for a term of
ten years from and after the 1st day of October,
1873. for carrying an additional monthly mail on
said route at a compensation not to exceed the rate
per voyage now paid for the monthly service, and
upon the same conditions and limitations as pre-
scribed by the existing law of Congress in reference
thereto and the contracts made in pursuance there-
of, but which shall in no ease exceed the amount
hereby appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Indiana withdraw his motion to allow
me to make a single word of explanation?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senate
may think that this is absolutely creiting a new
line. Of course the old line will be at liberty
to make a bid if they choose. It does not pre-
clude that line or anybody else, but it confines
it to the lowest bidder.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does it not
extend the time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It extends
the time, giving time enough for the comple-
tion of the ships.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But it extends
the time for which the bounty shall run.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The committee
reported not to extend the time.
Mr. WINDOM. The committee do not
desire to extend the time upon the present
contract but upon the new contract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This does
not extend it on the present, but only on the
new contract.
Mr. WINDOM. That is what the com-
mittee desire.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is all
this amendment does.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont authorizes the Post-
master General to pay $1,000,000 as a sub-
sidy if nobody offers to do it any cheaper. I
therefore renew the motion to lay the amend-
ment to the amendment on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say that I am opposed to giving any job. I
am for having the service performed at the
cheapest rate. If it can be done for $250,000
or $500,000 we shall have it done under this
amendment, and if we have competition there
is no danger of its being a job.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana moves to lay the amendment
to the amendment on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Vermont why he does not confine this to
an American company ; why he allows it to
go to the lowest bidder without, limitation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This confines it to Ameri-
can citizens.
Mr. WINDOM. It does not confine it to
American citizens as I understand it.
Mr, WILSON. I did not understand that
