1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
the Senate; and it is a great pity that on ques-
tions of this kind respecting the capital so
few Senators are willing to remain here and
attend to the public business. I will offer an
amendment which I think is better than to
put it in the form strictly of a preferred stock,
for the reason that possibly the charter of this
company may not provide for a preferred stock
in that character. I propose an amendment
which shall declare that the money which is
advanced by the District of Columbia to this
company shall constitute a lien, and a first
lien, upon the property and assets and fran-
chises of the company. This company, by its
charter, is authorized to get money; it is
authorized to get money without limit as to
the authority and methods by which, in the
exercise of its own franchise, it may choose
to obtain it. Therefore I propose to add at
the end of the amendment these words:
And for the money so paid upon this subscription,
the District of Columbia shall have and hold a first
lien upon all the franchises and property of said
corporation which shall be so enforced.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
has said that he has never heard, or if he has
he has forgotten it, of such a thing as a pre-
ferred stock. I relieve him of that difficulty
in the precise form in which he states it, by
declaring that the money which wo give to this
corporation, although it is in the form so far
as they keep their books of a subscription, shall
nevertheless be in substance and effect a loan,
and shall be a loan thus secured by its being
made a first lien upon all its property, so that
if there are any profits at any time to be ob-
tained out ot it, the tax-payers of the city of
"Washington, and not the corporators who may
make contracts with themselves for the con-
struction of the road, and who manage it after-
ward, shall be the first recipients of them be-
fore they are divided among the others.
Now, I say to the Senator from Massachu-
setts that if he will take the trouble to look
into the laws of his own State, its incorpora-
tion and enabling acts for incorporations,
I think I am safe in saying that he will find
many in which in railway and other corpora-
tions it has been provided, as it is in my own
State, in favor of the capitalists of his own
city, the chief capital of New England, in all
respects precisely what I have described as a
preferred stock.
Mr. SUMNER. Dol understand that this
preferred stock is made a mortgage on the
road? 1 ask for information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean in this
case ?
Mr. SUMNER. No; in the roads to which
the Senator refers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Always in preference of
all other claims on the corporation.
Mr. NYE. Not exactly so. 1 call the at-
tention of the Senator to the fact that, there is
no preferred stock that stands ahead of a first
mortgage bond. That question has been tried
and determined in several States. The bond
is the first thing on the road. The stock comes
next. Then some boards of directors have
passed a resolution and some Legislatures have
given authority for them to make preferred
stock. When they come to slock for divi-
dends that preferred stock has preference;
that is all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
from Nevada may be more familiar with the
laws of the New England States than I am. I
admit that he is with the laws of all other
States.
Mr. NYE. I have not spoken of New Eng-
land.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of New
England to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and the honorable Senator from
N evada, in order to give my friend from Mas-
sachusetts and myself light about the laws of
Massachusetts and Vermont, undertakes to tell
us that there is no such thing possible as a
preferred stock which shall stand in advance
and priority to a mortgage afterward made.
Let me tell him that that depends upon the
constitution of the company and the terms
upon which money is first paid into it. I ad-
mit that if this company had already made a
mortgage, I do not know that it has, nobody
knows, then the advancement of this money
in the form of a preferred stock would of
course be ineffectual to override a right already
vested,already made certain,already approved.
That is true enough ; but this is all a question
of form, nothing else. If the city of Wash-
ington is the first to make the condition of its
advancing that this shall stand as a first lien
on the property, and the corporation chooses
to accept it upon those terms, then it is a first
lien on the property, a statutory mortgage,
and the money is advanced on that condition ;
and nothing is more common than that. But
if, on the other hand, as my friend says, you
make a corporation say that some of the stock
shall be preferred over the other stock and
shall take dividends first and that the other
stock shall wait, and then the company is au-
thorized to make a mortgage of that road, there
is no difficulty about that; the law is perfectly
simple and well understood by those who have
been accustomed to practice it.
Now, here, supposing this to be an honest
performance, if all the franchises and prop-
erty of this company which it is to have, for it
has not any now, are already mortgaged, this
probably would be ineffectual and the people ot
Washington would be betrayed. If, on the
other hand, this is the beginning of this enter-
prise, and there is anything m it, and it is
right that this money which is thus taken from
the tax-payers shall be a mortgage, being
money first advanced to go for grading the
road, then it will be a first lien, and no subse-
quent mortgage -can overturn it.
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is taken on this
amendment I would make one or two sugges-
tions. I have heard it intimated that some of
the Senators felt an unusual interest for the
city of Washington by reason perhaps of their
being tax-payers here. I happen to he in that
category myself, and have a very feeling recol-
lection of some of the taxes I have paid, be-
cause they, have been rather inconveniently
large. Still, I will not enter into any lengthy
discussion, though there have been a great
many points made here. In the amendment
which I offered, and which has been adopted,
I endeavored to secure the city of Washington
m this subscription, if not in money, in advan-
tages in completion of a railway, as I am told,
of one hundred and forty miles in length.
Now, sir, as a property-holder of Washington
city, if it were left to my judgment, I would
say that when any company constructs a rail-
way one hundred miles long or fifty miles, even
if it, runs parallel and within one mile of an-
other railway, thereby producing competition
and bringing trade and travel to our doors at
Washington, if it would do it without expense
to the city, on the condition that the city, by a
tax imposed on its property-holders, should
donate to them $600,000, I would be willing,
as one of those property-holders, to give them
the $600,000 without any lien or any require-
ment even that they should ever pay it back.
I care nothing about the security of it; I want
no guaranty for what, taxes are being imposed
on me in this respect; and yet what property
I have in Washington is too large a portion of
what little I own in this world for me to be
reckless with it. It took more than half my
salary last year to pay for one pavement, and
it was in front of unproductive property. In
the hope that the city is to be something like
what was projected by its founder, I am will-
ing, as I have said before, to be one of those
who shall be taxed upon their property to aid
companies in bringing to this great and neg-
lected center means of communication with
the outside world. We have been shut out
long enough.
Now, it is supposed we have an opportunity
to induce capitalists to open up the Piedmont
valley, to carry us through the finest valley, it
is said, in the world. 1 have never had the
pleasure of going through it, but it is one of
the most fertile regions in America. It is
sought to bring its products cheaply to Wash-
ington city, on the other bank of the river. I
think it is a good bargain for Washingtonians,
when you take into view the expense of mar-
keting and every item of expense of living here,
to pay liberally to get these facilities. It may
turn out that there will be nothing lost even
in dollars and cents by it; but should that not
be the case, should there be no dividend ever
declared on this stock, I think it would yet be
a good bargain for the District. These con-
siderations influence me to vote against the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont and to vote for the bill as it stands
amended.
Surely I am not captious about this. I
would guard my own interests if I knew how to
do it better; but I am satisfied, upon looking
into the bill, and looking at the care with which
we have now surrounded it, that no one who
is a tax-payer here can be seriously damaged
if the bill should pass. The company have to
complete the road before they getthe $600,000;
at least their ability to do it, must be shown to
the satisfaction of the Governor and the Board
of Public Works, of which he is a member.
But not content with that, I have insisted that
it shall be shown to his own individual satis-
faction, and then to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works, that the road will be
completed and will be used to the Potomac
river before this subscription shall be applied.
Really, when that day arrives, when they have
completed their road, and are running it, if
there is never any return at all, I shall feel that
the city is amply compensated, and not regret,
I think, my own action.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I am not disposed to enter into any special
discussion of this case. The non-acceptance
of the amendment by the friends of this bill
is a clear indication that they regard this sub-
scription of $600,000 proposed by the District
as a bonus to the road. If it was a loan to
the road, of course it should be secured, and
no friend of this bill, I suppose, could object
to the advance being secured if it were to be
regarded as in the nature of a loan to the road.
As the friends of the bill do not accept it in
that light, it must be regarded as a bonus to
this corporation, a gratuity to enable the cor-
poration to build this road.
Mr. HILL. With the permission of the
Senator, I would say that it is not necessarily
a gratuity. It might turn 'out so in the event
that the road was unprofitable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, not neces-
sarily, perhaps; but it is evident that the friends
of the bill do not intend that the enterprise
shall be embarrassed by any security upon this
road. Therefore it must be regarded, 1 think,
substantially as a bonus. Now, the question
arises whether that is a good thing to do;
whether the people of this District are really
in a condition to do a thing of that sort. In
order to settle that question, you must con-
sider whether it is of that public necessity,
whether it is so necessary to the people of
this District in any point of view as to render
the expenditure of so large a sum of money
by them necessary or expedient. In what
light is it important to this District ? In the
mercantile or commercial sense? They deem
it to be so. They have incurred a debt here
which has been stated to-day to be about eight
millions resting upon the people of this Dis-
trict. Everybody knows, who knows anything
about it at all, (and most of us here are pretty
conversant with affairs,) that that indebtedness
rests entirely on the real and personal estate
of this District. It has no business foundation
whatever. It is a District aud a population ■
without resources, without manufactures, with-
out commerce, without mechanic arts, without
