1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3925
entific research than it has been in this country,
and that is one ot their taxes.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am sure my distinguished
friend would not thus tax flowers now; and
will he be guilty now of taxing the literature
and intelligence of the land by the pound?
How will you weigh it ? I say come down to a
sensible and true rule, and when you get your
book ascertain what it is worth and tax it
accordingly. Regard what it is worth to the
reading public and to the world, and tax it in
that way. Take a book that may be worth
five dollars because of its intrinsic value, be-
cause of its merit, and you tax it at the same
by the pound that you tax the merest trash
that comes to you. I trust no man will be
found here to favor any such doctrine.
I am willing to leave the tax on books as it
now stands without the ten per cent, reduc-
tion. I believe if you do that, and then tax
paper as proposed by the Senate bill, you will
approximate as near what is right as we can,
and I believe that would be better, and I trust
there will be no disposition to increase the tax
on books.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to discuss the
question. I indorse all that my friend from
Iowa says in reference to books, however I
may dispute with reference to paper. I merely
rose for the purpose of holding up two books
before the Senate. Here is one that probably
would cost fifiy cents and the other'five dol-
lars, published in England, and they are both
the same weight. That illustrates taxing by
weight. That is all the speech I want to make
on the question of taxing books by weight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] to insert the words which
have been read.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate agree to the amend-
ment of the committee striking out the para-
graph?
Mr. MORTON. Is it in ordej- before strik-
ing it out to perfect the part proposed to be
stricken ou.?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. MORTON. If that is in order I will
move to strike out the concluding words,
''twelve and a half cents per pound," and in-
sert "thirty-five per cent, ad valorem,.''' I
believe that increases the duty ten per cent,
over the present rate. The duty on paper is
twenty-five per cent., and this will make the
dutv on books thirty-five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The duty oil all print-
ing-paper is twenty per cent, ad valorem. The
duly on sized paper, which includes the finest
French gilt, &c., is thirty-live per cent , and
the duty on books is twenty-five per cent. If
there could be an adjustment of this matter
made, it there could be any mode in which
intelligent persons could disiinguish printing-
paper sized from writing-paper, I would be
veiy glad to see the classification by which it
could be done. 1 am informed now that I was
entirely correct in the statement I made that
nine tenths of the books are published on
unsized paper, and that the claim that books
are published on sized paper is a mistake un-
less people differ as to what they mean by sized
paper. The Senator is therefore in error in
supposing that the paper of which books are
made pays a duty of over twenty per cent.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator Irom Ohio says
he was not mistaken in reference to sized
paper. I do not know how that is. My theory
has been all the time that the duly on paper
ought to be reduced below that on books, and
that books ought not to be taxed at any very
extravagant rate. In reference to sized paper,
I do not suppose we shall ever agree unless
we get a committee of men who understand
paper to dtcide it for us. I was talking with
the Senator awhile ago about the Bible sent
around to us for inspection. One insisted it
is printed on unsized paper, others that it is
sized paper. I say it is sized paper. I have
oti my table various newspapers printed on
sized paper, and I have the evidence of the
fact, and yet I presume four out of five Sen-
ators here would say I was mistaken. I have
here numerous pamphlets printed on sized
paper, and to look at them half the persons
here would say it was unsized paper, just
ordinary printing paper. Yet I know the fact
from the evidence I have had that it is sized
paper. Newspapers are printed in our own
country on sized paper ; and a newspaper man
in here to-day would laugh at the idea. Here
is the Evening Star of this city. A Senator
laughed at me because I insisted that it was
not printed on unsized paper. Yet it is so ;
it is printed on sized paper; and if a dozen
newspaper men examined it they would say
that was unsized paper; and they could give
the reason for it.
The reason was given to-day that unsized
paper would blot and sized paper would not.
If that is an argument, all the papers I have
here are printed on sized paper, because they
will not blot; but that is not the best test by
any means. We have got to have it examined
by men who understand the manufacturing of
paper before we can agree on it here in the Sen-
ate. One will assert one thing, anotheranother
according to the evidence he has. Some
newspaper man will tell you one thing, some
newspaper man will tell you another. Very
frequently we find newspaper men who do not
know anything about printing paper more than
if they had never written a squio for one.
But my proposition is to let books remain
at the tariff they are. My friend, the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Coxkling,] 1 expect is
laughing at what I am saying now, for he
laughed at it a moment ago, but I will go with
liirn before a committee ox newspaper men and
decide the question who is right. I do not
wish to change the tariff on books; but my
proposition is to put the duty on paper down
below the tariff ou books, which would make
it fair; and it looks to me reasonable. On all
the evidence I can find, the difference in price
between sized paper and unsized paper is im-
material, and hence I would put it all at the
same rate ; hut, if that is unsati.-factory to the
Senate, let us do what I have just suggested.
That would be my first proposition; and if the
Senate does not agree to that, then I would be
in favor of letting unsized paper remain at the
duty it is now, and fix sized paperat least below
that which is upon books, so as not to give an
advantage in favor of printing books to for-
eign countries. I say to day you can print a
pamphlet in Canada and send it here cheaper
than you can send the paper on which it is
printed here, so far as the tariff is concerned.
This is a plain and simple proposition. I
am willing the tariff should remain on books;
but I want an amendment so that all printing
paper shall be at a fixed rate. I can write an
amendment for one, that all paper to be used
for the purpose of printing upon shall pay a
certain duly; and all other paper a duty ac-
cording to that so fixed. "All other paper "
would be writing paper. If that is not satis-
factory, then I will propose an amendment
that sized paper shall be reduced sufficiently
below books to make a distinction. That
seems to me to be fair. If the Senate think
the paper ought to pay a different duty, then
reduce both. As my friend from Iowa says,
we are reducing in this bill, not increasing. If
the object is to reduce the tariff, let us reduce
it as lie says ou literature, and encourage print-
ing newspapers and books and pamphlets and
everything else in this country from which we
obtain intelligence. If there is no man in the
Senate can write a proposiiion that will dis-
tinguish writing paper from newspaper, I
think we had better send for an agent to do
our business for us. I think I can do it.
Mr. CON'KLING. The question of paper
is not before the Senate at this tune, is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. CONKLING. I have nothing to say
about sized or unsized paper at this moment,
because it is not before the Senate. I, have
nothing to say in favor of taxing books by the
pound, because I am not in favor of taxing
them by the pound. I wish, however, to say
a word in answer to the difficulty that the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, among others, finds
in the fact that a book as a book, or in respect
to the paper upon which it is printed, comes in
burdened by a less duty than that which rests
upon the paper. I find no difficulty of that
soit. That seems to me in place of being an
objectionable thing, as I believe my fiiend
from Indiana thought it was, very much the
reverse. Why is it that although sawed lum-
ber and planed lumber is visited with a duty,
and although the material of which painters
make their canvas is visited with a duty, when
they take apiece of canvas stiffened by sawed
and planed lumber so as to hold it in its place,
and put it ou an easel and paint a picture on
it which may be worth a thousand dollars, it
comes in without any duty at all? Because it
is the homage which economy pays to art,,;
because in deference to art, civilization, and
lefinement you always make such exceptions.
Why is it that you tax marble by the ton, and
when some man cleaves out of it with his chisel
and mallet a statue worth perhaps thousands
of dollars, then it comes in for nothing? Be-
cause it belongs to the republic of letters, and
therefore it comes in free. Why is it that when
a book is made which is a thing of beauty, a
thing of perfection in its way, you court it, you
woo it, you invite it? Not because you are
making an estimate of the paper which is con-
tained in it, nor of the pasteboard that, comes
in the covers, nor of the mechanical labor,
but because you treat it as an entire thing.
I am perfectly aware that making books and
striking them from a press is not like hewing
a statue with a chisel or painting a picture with
a brush. The precise application of the prin-
ciple is different in these cases, hut m all alike
it is in the interest, of education, civilization,
refinement, intelligence, knowledge. That is
all there is of it. I see nothing wrong in that.
Indeed, 1 think that to the free list as proposed
by the committee should be added books, which
they have not added, aud in place of deploring
the fact that books comein withaless duty than
rests upon the materials out of which books
are made, 1 venture to guess that in the future
the tendency will be steadily to a minimum of
duty upon books, engravings, pictures, and
works of art of every sort, although the mate-
rials of which they are made may be visited
with a duty never so high.
Now, Mr. President, upon the matter of
paper, sized and unsized, when that question
is before the Senate I shall have a view to
present about that. I have said nothing in
regard to it, although my honorable friend from
Illinois referred to me as if he knew what my
views were in regard to it. I shall endeavor to
state them when thetime comes, and I hope to
have him agree with me, or if not, it will be
my misfortune.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to say a word
in reply.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion for
the present,.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from New-
York carries out his illustration to its legitimate
consequences when he says that because a piece
of marble that is worth perhaps twenty-five
dollars may be wrought into a thing of beauty,
that is worth $10,000; because a piece of
canvas stretched upon four sticks or boards
which may be wor.h five dollars may be put;
into a picture worth $20,000, therefore books
should come in free, paper bearing the same
relation to books that the marble or the can-.
vas does to the statue or the painting.
