1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
42d Cong....2i> Sbss.
John Emilio Houard—Mr. Myers.
Ho, oi? Reps.
fuegos, in the island of Cuba, and in the latter part
of 1868 or the first part of 18S9 that Dr. Emilio J.
Houard, then at Cienfuegos, was enrolled as an
American citizen at the United States consulate in
that city; that he was one of a number of American
citizens who signed an application to me to have an
American man of war sent to the port of Cienfuegos
for the protection of the lives and property of Amer-
ican citizens; that I was acquainted with him, and
ho was generally known as an American citizen;
that I never knew him to act or talk otherwise than
as a bona fide American citizen, and I never had any
knowledge, infoimation, or intimation of his taking
any part whatever in political matters in the late
disturbances in Cuba. CHARLES I?OX
I have given the statements of two consuls
general and one consular agent, of the United
States. Let me add to these proofs. On page
33 will be fqund the certificate of M. H. Mor-
ris, who was our consular agent at Cienfuegos
in the succeeding year, that is, 1870. He gave
Dr. Houard the following certiHcate, to which
allusion has been made as the enrollment of
a foreigner cared for and recognized by the
Spanish law:
United States Consular Agency,
Cienfuegos, March i, 1872.
I, M. H. Morris, United States consular agent for
this port, do hereby certify that on the 25th day of
November, A. D, 1870, personally appeared before
me John Emilio Houard. physician, and declared
himself a citizen of the United States of America,
having been born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Witness my hand and seal of office the day and
r a -i date first above written.
  S'J M. H. MORRIS,
United States Consular Agent.
I do not know what more gentlemen want.
The captain general changing his ground, pro-
fesses that he was a Spanish subject, because
as he said the last protection paper lie took
out was as a Spanish subject. That is contra-
dicted by the paper itself, the cedula, page 26,
which designates him as a native of the United
States. The captain general does not pre-
tend that Dr. Houard ever took the oath of
allegiance to the Spanish Government, although
the Spanish Government requires that a man
shali take that oath of allegiance before he can
become a citizen.
The proof sent us by the President is equally
strong all through these pages. If any mem-
ber is willing to discredit two of our consuls
general as to the American .character which
attached to Houard in Cuba, and two of our
consuls with whom this man enrolled him-
self as a citizen of the United States, one of
whom states convincing facts in corroboration
of his right to do so ; if any one here is will-
ing to believe the captain general, who, after
pronouncing Houard a foreigner and Ameri-
can, bases his allegation of Spanish citizen-
ship upon a cedula or police permit, which con-
tradicts him, let that gentleman vote against
the resolution.
Mr. AMBLER. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will say that in my humble judg-
ment the opinion of any of those parlies as to
this man's citizenship weighs very little as
against the facts.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, these offi-
cers of our Government had the best chance
of judging, much better, certainly, than my col-
league, and do not merely give their opinions,
but facts. If any prefer to disbelieve his
brother and sister, his American relatives who
place facts against baseless and exploded
charges; if they are willing to assert against
the proof that he did not arrive at manhood
and citizenship in the United States; if they
assert that the laws of Spain are not as we
read them, and do not require an oath of alle-
giance and claim to nationality before Spanish
citizenship can be conferredif they insist
that an American by mere residence abroad,
all the time publicly claiming his native State,
is compelled to lay down his American nation-
ality, although the laws of both coufttries read
differently, let all such vote against this res-
olution.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 19.
Of which country was Dr. Houard a citizen?
He was once a citizen of the United States.
Nobody disputes that. He went to Cuba, and
has practiced his profession there. Did he
become a citizen of Spain ? No. Is .he in the
condition of that amphibious creature which, as
a sailor once expressed it, could not live on land
and died in the water? Is he in the dilemma
to which gentlemen assign him, being a citizen
of no place? That is not true. He has citi-
zenship somewhere. Whether domicile enti-
tles him to protection from the United States
or from Spain, not being a citizen of the latter
country and not having renounced his nation-
ality here, he is a citizen of the United States,
and the treaty of 1795 applies to and protects
him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, has he been tried in
accordance with that treaty? Perhaps the
trivial charge against him should not be men-
tioned in this discussion, as the objection is
to the mode of trial, but I will briefly refer
to it. The captain general says that at the
time of the outbreak of hostilities a box of
homeopathic medicines was found with Dr.
Houard's name 011 it in the insurgent camp.
He proved that it was sold by him some years
before. If there at the very outbreak of hos-
tilities it must have been sold before. Had
he sent this little box with hostile intent he
would not have put his name on it. Could
such proof prevail, any phjsician hereafter
tnust be careful when abroad how he gives
prescriptions, lest a war should occur and any
of them be found in a hostile camp. In
such event, though not within the enemy's
lines, but rendering every obedience to the
authorities, he runs the risk of being seized,
indefinitely imprisoned, tried by court-martial,
and shot, international laws and treaties to
the contrary notwithstanding. What has been
may be again.
Under the treaty this American should
have been tried according to the laws and
usages. He was not so tried. I suppose if
the Inquisition were in full force in Cuba
the American Government is not piepared to
admit that as a law or usage to which it would
submit the rights of one of its citizens. This
mockery of a court-martial, with its witnesses
compelled, as one of them states, to swear
falsely against Dr. Houard under penalty of
being shot, is not much better. But the treaty
guaranties the right to employ such advocates,
solicitors, and agents for defense as the party
to be tried may select. This waa denied.
There was a volunteer, it is said, to defend
Houard, but he was a soldier unskilled in the
law—a Spanish volunteer, and not a free
agent.
Perhaps the most important feature is yet to
be noticed. To Dr. Houard's cruel sentence
was added confiscation of all his property.
The Spanish constitution, article ten, provides
" that the penalty of confiscation of property
should never be imposed." (Lawrence's
Wheaton 011 International Law, page 609,
note.) This confiscation was in direct viola-
tion of Spanish law. Yet members hesitate
to demand the execution of our treaty with
Spain, and all this wrong followed an impris-
onment of one year. Under military or civil
law this American citizen was entitled to a
speedy trial. Mr. Biddle, our consul, says
that in January, 1871, the captain general
promised him "a speedy investigation" of
Dr. Houard's case, and every consideration
"due to foreigners." How coolly we sit here
and discuss the year's delay which ensued and
the shameless disregard of law, treaty, and
promise.
Although it is alleged that this box was
found at the outbreak of hostilities in 1868,
Dr. Houard was not arrested till December,
1870, while still quietly practicing his profes-
sion at Cienfuegos as a doctor, just as the
well-known dentist, Dr. Evans, long a resi-
dent of Paris, yet widely known there as a,n
American, like Dr. Houard raising the Amer-
ican flag on all American holidays, continues
in his profession and residence without for-
feiting any right of an American.
No wonder, as Mrs. Dutton states in her
letter to Secretary Fish, the foreigners and
respectable Spaniards in Cuba were aston-
ished, and Ameiicans there became alarmed.
The question now is of higher importance
than its mere relation to Dr. Houard; it rises
above petty party politics which would blame
the Administration, which has done and is
still doing the utmost it can do under the law ;
it is a question which concerns the honor of
this country and of the legislative branch of
the Government. Under this violation of treaty
obligations we have a right to demand the rec-
ords, the charge, and evidence in support of
them. The Secretary of State, in perform-
ance of his duty, has demanded them, and, as
he informs us, '"the request has not been com-
plied with." Now, shall we be craven enough
to fear that the law of 1868, which we ourselves
enacted, if carried out will lead to a war with
Spain ? The President has communicated the
facts to Congress. The reasonable request of
the Government has been refused. The ques-
tion is whether the Representatives of the
people will permit the captain general of Cuba
and authorities of Spain to delay still further
a reply to that demand, without even express-
ing tne sense of this House on the subject as
an aid to the President in his endeavors to
effect Dr. Houard's release.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that there has been a reply.
Mr. L. MYERS. They return a reply, so it
is stated, while Dr. Houard is being sent in
chains to Ceuta, a fortress in Morocco, oppo-
site Spain, that the matter will be examined.
That is what the captain general promised
fifteen mouths ago. Are we to wait auother
fifieeu months?
We have a right to respectful answer uuder
the treaty. If Dr. Houard ever took the oath
of allegiance as a Spaniard and became such
under their laws, it was very easy for them iu
Cuba to send the evidence of that fact here.
They need not wait to send to Spain for it.
If Dr. Houard took such part against the Gov-
ernment of Spain as would prevent a justifica-
tion of our interference in his behalf, it is easy
for them to send evidence of that fact. If his
trial and sentence are claimed to be in accord-
ance with the treaty, a telegram from Spain
could so state; and now all we propose to do
is this, (I repeat the phrase,) to strengthen the
hands of the Administration in itsjust demand
and on behalf of the people we are chosen to
represent, by our votes, to speak the deep
interest they feel whenever any American is
deprived of his liberty without due course of
law.
Sir, a man invested with the manhood of
American citizenship is in chains, against what
we believe to be the law, and when a telegram,
if there is any evidence against him, couM
make satisfactory answer, the House of Rep-
resentatives trembles in the balance fearing
lest peradventure this Government m*y.
driven into war with Spain,of whose atrocities,
denounced but yesterday in the British Com-
mons, I would rather not speak now, but whose
weakness as one of the Powers of Europe must
not justify her in settingaside the treaties into
which she has solemnly entered with us.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man what we should have said if a dispatch
had come during the late war from the House
of Commons of England or from the foreign
minister of England to know by what authority
we had arrested and imprisoned gentlemen
