1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of country. I was told then that I voted for
a committee not '' the friends of the meas-
ure!" But, sir, I voted for a committee
composed of some of the purest and most
eminent members of the Senate, and for a
committee friendly to the measure; and by
the "measure" I cannot say too often that
I mean full, impartial, courageous, truthful
investigation. I do not mean the spites or
the feelings of any man.
Sir, I never found by reading Thomas Jef-
ferson or Joseph Chitty, or any other man who
has written of human rights, that in order to
commit an investigation to a committee friendly
to it, you must compose your committee of men
who, right or wrong, will bend all their ener-
gies in accordance with a preconceived preju-
dice or theory ; and I say again that I do not
intend in this to reflect upon the sincerity or
even upon the wisdom of the judgment these
Senators have formed and expressed. The
more conscientious it is, the deeper it is, the
more they think they have clenched it by such
facts as can alone make them blameless for
publishing their allegations to two hemispheres
in advance, the more, I submit to you, Mr.
President, -with longer and more frequent occa-
sion than any of the rest of us, to study and
apply parliamentary rules in their philosophy,
(and they are philosophical,) the more, I sub-
mit to you and the Senate, would those Sen-
ators be excluded according to every principle
of reason and justice from any tribunal, I care
not what, whether a jury to try a horse case
in a justice's court or a special committee of
seven in the Senate of the United States.
No, sir, let no man say that I do not want
a committee of "the friends of the measure."
I do, and I want a committee also of the friends
of unbiased truth and fairness to both sides—
the side of innocence as well as the side of
guilt.
I repeat that if the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the Senator from Missouri, regard-
less of this amendment, can reconcile it to
themselves to undertake the office of impar-
tial judges or jurors in a matter, one side of
which they have espoused with such passion-
ate partisanship, let them undertake it. I
would rather they would resolve that question
than to resolve it for them. I shall hold that
I discharge my duty when I vote for a com-
mittee determined to investigate to the end
and unbiased; not moved by feeling or pas-
sion or pride of opinion to care what the
result of that investigation may be, not com-
mitted violently in advance to one theory or
the other. That, is what I understand to be
the meaning of Jefferson and of every other
parliamentarian as to the requirements of
parliamentary law.
1 thank the Senator from Massachusetts
again for allowing me to speak after he had
obtained the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. When I was interrupted by
the Senator from New York, I was about to
observe that this debate has occupied days,
weeks, and I think the Senate will bear witness
that I have taken very little part in it, though
I have been referred to frequently. I believe
that I shall only follow the usage of the Sen-
ate if I undertake at the close to review the
whole question, and I hope I may have the
indulgence of the Senate while I do that. I
do not feel willing to go on to-night. I will
not plead that I am not able to go on to-night,
but 1 do not feel willing to undertake such a
service, which cannot be performed briefly.
Therefore, throwing myself upon the indul-
gence of the Senate, and thanking them in
advance, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Before that question ia
put, I should like to inquire of the Senator
whether he has any objection to allowing the
pending matter to be disposed of to-night?
Mr. SUMNER. There are other Senators
probably who may wish to speak upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I think not. The i
Sen-
ator might allow it to be voted on if nobody
wishes to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has moved an adjournment,
which is not debatable. The Senator from
Georgia has risen for some purpose.
Mr. HILL. If the motion to adjourn is to
be put, I have nothing to say. I object to any-
thing else being done.
Mr. SUMNER. I move an adjournment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to observe, lest a
misapprehension may grow out of my silence,
that I expect 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
cannot debate it if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts insists on the motion to adjourn. -
Mr. SUMNER. I give way to the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish merely to observe
that I expect this debate to close under the
rules of the Senate. I shall make no other
agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. COLE. Allow me a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts insists on his motion to
adjourn, and the Chair must submit it to the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I presume the Senator
from Massachusetts will allow the Senator
from California to make a remark.
Mr. SUMNER. If he wishes to make a
remark, certainly.
Mr. COLE. I desire to see if we cannot
fix on some time when this debate shall end.
Mr. SUMNER. We cannot do that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa
has already objected to that.
Mr. COLE. Then I hope the Senate will
not adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and thirty-one. minutes p, m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 27, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.er, D. D.
The Jonrnal of yesterday was read in part,
when,
On motion ofMr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, the
further reading was dispensed with.
EXPENSES Oi!' DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table, by unanimous.con-
sent, the bill (S. No. 445) to defray the ex-
penses of district judges from other districts
while holding district or circuit courts in the
southern district of New York.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever, in virtue of section three of the act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872," passed March 3, 1871, a district
judge, from another district, shall hold a dis-
trict or circuit court in the southern district
of New York, his expenses, not exceeding ten
dollars per day, certified by him, shall be paid
by the marshal of the district as a part ol' the
expenses of the court, and be allowed in his
account.
Mr. MAYNARD. If this were a general
bill providing for all cases of this kind, 1 would
have no objection to it, but I object to it in its
present form.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a statement which will occupv but
a moment ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
tho gentleman's speaking.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the Houso will allow
me to occupy a moment, I will say that this bill
simply provides for paying tho expenses of tho
judge of the district court of Connecticut,
who spends half his time holding court in New
York city, and has done so for years. Under
the old law he was allowed his expenses not
exceeding ten dollars a day. This allowance
was repealed by a provision in an appropria-
tion bill passed during the last Congress.
This judge has been holding court for a year
past without any payment whatever for his
expenses. The state of business in New York
city is such that it is absolutely necessary to
call in the judge of the adjoining district when
not occupied in the district of Connecticut.
The Judiciary Committee unanimously agreed
this morning to report this bill precisely as it
came from the Senate. I hope there will be
no objection to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. What the gentleman
states is no doubt all right: but there ought
to be a general measure applicable to all cases
of this kind. Within my own knowledge a
great deal of difficulty has arisen in cases of
this kind.
Mr. KELLOGG. But there is a great and
immediate necessity for the passage of this
bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the bill were modified
so as to be general, I would not object.
The SPEAKER. The bill being objected
to, it is not before the House.
SHREVEPORT A. PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Com-
merce, with an amendment, a bill (S. No. 550)
to constitute Shreveport, in the State of Louis-
iana, a port of delivery.
The bill was read. It provides that Shreve-
port, in the State of Louisiana, shall be con-
stituted a port of delivery, within the collec-
tion district of New Orleans ; and that there
shall be appointed a surveyor of customs, to
reside at the port, who shall, in addition to
his own duties, perform the duties and receive
the salary and emoluments prescribed by the
act of Congress, approved March 2, 1831, for
importing merchandise into Pittsburg, Wheel-
ing, and other places, and who shall receive as
compensation a salary not exceeding $1,500
per annum.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
Strikeout all after the word "New Orleans," in
line five, and insert the following: "and there shall
be appointed a deputy collector of customs to reside
at said port, who shall receive a salary to bedeterm-
lned by the Secretary of the Treasury, not exceeding
$1,500 per annum."
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Shel-
don] whether the $1,500 will cover ail the
expenses of the bill?
Mr. SHELDON. It will cover all the
expenses. They may be less, probably, but
they cannot be more.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON moved toreconsiderthe vote
by which the hill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMINISTRATION OP JOSTICE IN NEW YORK.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and adopted:
/Whereas H. C. Whiteley, chief of the secret ser-
vice bureau, recently tesHiiod that there are not in
the southern judicial district of New York adequate
facilities for the trial of offenders against the laws
of the United States; that felony causes are not
tried in that district; that a criminal can avoid trial
in that district us long as he pleases; that bail-bunds
given for criminals are entirely worthless, and that
