8926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
< Mr. CONKLING. My friend should not
say that. I took great pains to disclaim tbat.
I said to him that although the principle was
the same the application was entirely different
in the case, because there was a vast discrep-
ancy in the value. Nevertheless, I say to him,
speaking of all these things in a group, it is
true, and he knows that as well as I do, that
into our tariff system has gone this inequality
in deference to letters, art, and science. That
is the argument.
|' Mr. ANTHONY. Painting and sculpture
Hare not trades; painting and sculpture are
* fine arts. Book-making is a trade. There
are millions of dollars invested in the making
of books.
Mr. CONKLING. How about engravings?
Mr. ANTHONY. Engraving is an art.
Tbe priming of engravings you may liken to
the manufacture of books, although the pro-
portion of the material that enters into the
value of a first-rate engraving is nothing at all
compared with the proportion of material that
enters into a book. The paper in a book is
half the value of it; the canvas on which the
picture is painted is not one hundredth part
of one per cent, of ils value. There is no
comparison at all. Here we have millions
upon millions invested in the manufacture of
books, and we say that the raw material out
of which the books are manufactured shall pay
a higher tax than the books themselves. The
Senator carries out his illustration to its legit-
imate consequence when ho says books should
come iti free; anl if the principle upon which
these articles are taxed is a correct principle,
t'oen there should be no duty on books, and
all onr books, not only our elegant books, but
our school-books, all our Bibles, all our dic-
tionaries, and all the common books we use,
should be made in England, where they can be
made a great deal cheaper than they can here.
Mr. W 1LSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. I think it is time.
The motion was agreed to; and (at eleven
o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the.Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 28, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Kev. J. Or. BtJTLER,
1). L>.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order oi«' business.
Mr. LYNCH. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House some
time since recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce House bill No. 1743, for the en-
couragement of the foreign commerce of the
United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. .1 ask the gentleman to
yield to me to report from the Committee on
the Judiciary a resolution which will give rise
to no discussion.
Mr. LYNCH. I will yield to the gentleman
if it takes no time.
judge m. tv. delahay.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to offer for con-
sideration at this time the following lesolut.iou :
Resolved. That the Committee on the Judiciary
he directed to further investigate the charges against
the character and official conduct of M. W.Delahay,
United States district judgo (or the district of Kan-
sas ; and for that purpose a sub-committee shall be
authorized to sit during the recess of Congress, and
may proceed to Kansas, subpena witnesses, send for
persons and papers, administer oaths, take testi-
mony, and employ a clerk and reporter, the expense
of which shall be paid from the contingent fund of
the llouso on the order ot the chairman.
Mr. BROOKS. That will cost more than
the investigation is worth.
Mr. BINGHAM. It will save perhaps
$20,000 to the House, and in addition to that
it is needful 
Mr. BROOKS. Better abolish the judgeship.
Mr. BINGHAM. In addition to that it is
needful to inspect tbe records of the court,
which can hardly be transferred to Washing-
ton. They must remain in the possession of
the court. It is needful to inspect those rec-
ords on the spot, and it will be a saving of
expense to send a committee there.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
will put in some limitation as to the expense.
Mr. BINGHAM. That cannot be done;
there will be none except the ordinary ex-
penses.
The SPEAKER. The Ohair desires to make
a request of a very special nature. All busi-
ness now must be done by a suspension of the
rules, and it is greatly confused by gentlemen
being on tbe floor in crowds, seeking the at-
tention of tbe Chair. The Chair will not pro-
ceed with business unless the House will keep
in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire to inter-
fere with the order of business of the House,
and in order to save time I will move that the
rules be suspended and the resolution adopted.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like the gentle-
man to put in some limitation as to expenses.
Mr. BINGHAM. The limi'ation is fixed by
your general rule. It will save the per diem
and mileage of witnesses to this city, and result
in saving ten or twenty thousand dollars to the
House by sending a committee there.
Mr. PETERS. It will not cost half as much
to send a committee there as it will to bring
the witnesses here.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 83, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will dis-
pense with the appendages to the committee,
the reporter and the secretary, I think objec-
tion to the resolution will be withdrawn.
Mr. DAWES. That cannot be.
Mr. BROOKS. How did you do in old
times?
Mr. PETERS. The reporter of the House
will go with the company, and there will be
only a little expense.
Mr. BROOKS. The country did very well
before stenographers were born, and commit-
tees did well before they ever had secretaries.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes one hundred and
eight.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. BROOKS said : I give it up ; I call for
no further count; the House seems to be in
favor of this excursion party.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution
adopted.
1 foreign commerce.
Mr. LYNCH. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce House
bill No. 1743, for the encouragement of the
foreign commerce of the United States. I
give notice if the reference is considered I
will offer a substitute for the bill, upon which
I desire to make onl}' a few remarks, and
unless my colleague, the chairman of the com-
mittee, [Mr. Shellabarger,] desires to takea
vote on the first section, as lie has intimated to
me, I will move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill to some future day, I
understand the chairman desires to have a
vote upon the first section of the bill, which 1
think will cause no delay,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
understand whether it is proposed to act upon
this bill now or postpone it to some future
time. If it is to be postponed [ do not think
the time of the House at this period of the
session ought to be taken up by debate upon
it. If it is to be acted upon, then there is not
so much objection to it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will make a
statement to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Is the bill before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I raise that point.
The SPEAKER. But the motion to recon-
sider, which the gentleman from Maine [Mr,
Lynch] calls up, is a privileged question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, t
desire to have the House pass the first section
of the bill now before us. That section simply
creates a board of commerce, by making the
Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of the
Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, and tbe
Postmaster General members ex ojjicio of that
board. It creates no new officers, and adds
not a dollar to the expenses of the Govern
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point that this
bill is not before the House.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This is an import-
ant question, and I trust we may have action
upon that single section at this time.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. LYNCH. When I offer my substitute
the gentleman fromOhio [Mr. ShellabaRGek]
cau reach his object by moving to strike out
all except the first section.
Mr. MEIICUR. I raise the point that a
motion to suspeiid the rules to pass the bill
amending the bankruptcy law is already pend-
ing before the House.
The SPEAKER. If the genfleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] will waive that
for a few moments the Chair will recognize
him.
Mr. GARFILD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] tell us how
long a time he will probably occupy?
Jlr. LYNCH. Not long ; not so long a time
as the gentleman himself wasted a few morn-
ings since.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
inquiry in the interest of the business of the
House.
Mr. LYNCH. I shall occupy probably thirty
min utes. 1
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; if
not more than that time is to be occupied, I
will not object.
Mr. LYNCH. I suppose the whole subject
will not occupy more than an hour.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I shall not occupy
more than ten minutes.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, this bill has
received the careful consideration and ap-
proval of the Committee on Commerce, under
whose instructions I have reported it to the
House. It provides first that the Secretaries
of the Treasury, Navy, Interior, and the Post-
master General shall be constituted a bowl
of commissioners, to be known as the board
of commissioners of commerce, whose duty
shall be to execute all contracts in which the
Government of the United States is inter-
ested, and which may be authorized by la v to
be made in aid of foreign or domestic c -m
merce of the United States, to see to the due
execution and enforcement of all coutr..,,;s
made for the promotion of commerce ami i >
the faithful performance of their duti ;s by ail
officers having duties to discharge in ai 1 ;T
commerce, including officers having eh.ug'j - f
immigrants and American seamen, to cul! <■ ,
arrange, and report from time to time, and , t
least once in each year, to the President to b j
by him presented with his recommendation-!
to Congress, all such information and sbt.is-
ties concerning the commerce of the Unil.-u
States and other nations calculated to show
the wants of American commerce, together
with such recommendations as they may d> e:n
proper in aid of such commerce, and to dis-
charge all other duties which may be by !-.. '
devolved upon said board in relation to the
commerce of the United States.
Second, thatthereshall be established and' r
directions of the board of commissioners of
commerce, at least one line of steamships be-
tween some port or ports iu the United States
