8030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
the amendment of the'Senator from Vermont
confined it to American citizens.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It did not
reach that far in the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont does so confine it. It
says the contract must be made on the same
terms and conditions as the original act of
1865, which expressly provides that " no bids
shall be considered which shall amount tQ
more than $500,000, or unless the same is
from a citizen or citizens of the United States,"
and the vessels must be of American build.
This proposition reenacts the act of 1865, and
requires the provisions of that act to be in-
serted in the contract.
[f no one has the floor I should like to say
a word about the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont. It seems to me that the
amendment is an idle or a useless one. The
principle of it is correct. The policy of re-
quiring bids to be made is a true one ; but in
this case it is not probable there will be any
bidders except those in possession of the ex-
isting line. They first got the contract they
now hold by a bid. Consequently they ob-
tained the contract they now hold by a com-
peting bid. If there was any probability that
anybody else would bid against them, and put
on another competing semi-monthly line at the
same rate, I should think it would be very
good policy to pass that amendment, but it is
not, at, all probable.
Mr. POMEROY. They were the only
bidders before.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were the only bid-
ders before, and therefore it seems u> me io be
a useless provision. That is the only objec-
tion I have to it. The principle is concct.
No one ought to receive a contract from the
Government of the United States as a matter
of favor. The contractor ought not to be
named in any law. It ought to be left to free
competition. This company attained their
present right by a bid under competition. In-
deed they were the only bidders, and it is not
likely that anybody else will bid for this service
under the conditions named. Then, what is
the use of providing for it? Still if the Sen-
ator supposes that any one else will bid in
competition with the existing line, 1 for one
have no objection to his amendment,. He will
see himself it is prescribing a condition which
is not likely to be of any service to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If we put a
job into the bill, we are very likely to have a
job. If we do not put it in the bill, we shall
not have it,. I think the Postmaster General
will obtain the best terms possible if we give
him an oppor1 unity.
Mr. MORTON. Still you authorize him to
give a million for a semi-monthly service.
Mr. POMEROY. That makes a million
and a half for the whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to putting it at $500,000 if anybody
desires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will look
he will see that he will have to draw his
amendment over again, because there is already
an appropriation of half a million in the bill
to carry out the existing contract. If lie pro-
poses to add an additional appropriation, and
to authorize a contract for another line at
another halt million, he will have to make
it a distinct and independent proposition, an
audition to the House bill rather than an
amendment to it. I suggest that to him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is the
way this comes up, as additional service.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ The amendment is not so
drawn. It substantially cuts out the House
proposition to pay half a million for the exist-
ing line, and proposes a million for a new line,
as the Senator will see if he will look at it a
moment.
Mr. AVINDOM. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me a moment, the amend-
ment I have offered from the committee to
the amendment now printed in the bill was
carefully considered in the Post Office De-
partment, and carefully considered by the
committee, for the express purpose of avoid-
ing the troubles which are spoken of by the
Senator from Ohio. We do not desire to
extend the present service at all, but only to
make an additional service. The amendment
which I have sent up to be read is very clear
on that point. If the Senator from Vermont
will allow that to be acted upon, and then
offer his amendment, so far as I can I am
willing to accept his amendment and confine
this to the lowest bidder, for my desire is to
get the service. The question on this printed
amendment is whether it does not extend the
present service. We do not want to take up
a service which has four or five years to run
and extend it six years longer; but we pro-
pose to let that stand as it is and add an addi-
tional monthly service, which, when properly
applied by the Postmaster General, will give
a semi-monthly service.
Mr. MORTON. I renew the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Indiana will allow me I will modify
the amendment so as to read :
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, §500,000; and for additional
steamship service between San Francisco, Japan,
and China, $500,000.
And let the remaining part, of the amend-
mend rrad as first reported.
Mr. MORTON. I< \>r how many years?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For ten years.
Mr. .MOHTON. That will make a new
contract for ten years for $500,000 for semi-
monthly service. I renew the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply rise to make an
inquiry as to the effect of the vote on this
motion to lay the amendment to the amend-
ment on the table. Does it carry the amend-
ment with it?
lhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion,
if agreed to, will lay the amendment to the
amendment only on the table.
The motion was agreed to, there being, 011
a division—ayes 25, noes 15.
Mr. WINDOM. If it is in order, I now
offer the amendment to the amendment which
I send to the Chair.
Mr. MORTON. Let it be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all of
the amendment from line nine down to and
including the word "thereof" in line fifteen,
aud to insert in lieu thereof:
And the Postmaster Genera] is hereby authorized
to contract, with the present contractors for a term
ot ten years tor the conveyance of an additional
monthly mail on said route, at a compensation not
to exceed the rate per voyage now paid to the said
contractors under the existing contracts, and upon
tlio same conditions and limitations as prescribed by
existing acts ot Congress in reference thereto, and
the respective contracts made in pursuance thereof;
and the said contractors shall he required to carry
the United States mails duringthe existence of said
contracts without additional charge, on all the
steamers they may run on said line or anvpart of it
or any branch or extension thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from Minnesota whether he proposes to
let the amendment as he has now offered it
si and so that the contract shall inexorably he
with the present contractors?
Mr. WINDOM. If I have the power I am
willing to accept, to that extent, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. If he does that,
I propose to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. WINDOM. If I accept your amend-
ment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator does not.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to say one word
before the Senator from Minnesota does that.
The effect of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Minnesota is that for the first
five years we shall have a semi-monthly ser-
vice at the rate ofa million a year. Then the
first contract will expire, and there will be
a remaining contract for five years longer,
monthly service, for $500,000 a year.
Mr. WINDOM. And the company are com-
pelled to carry the United States mails free
of any other charge on all the vessels they
may run on the semi-monthly service if they
run it during the ten years, the period of the
new contract.
Mr. MORTON. If that amendment should
be adopted the effect of it will be just this :
for five years we shall subsidize this line at
the rate of one million a year for semi-monthly
service, and after that at the rate of $500,000
a year on the old contract.
Mr. WINDOM. On the new contract.
Mr. MORTON. On the new contract.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On all the steamers
they may run. It helps them for five years.
That is the substance of it.
Mr. WINDOM. If no objection is made I
will accept the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent that may be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Minne-
sota offers this amendment, and he can accept
another to it himself if he has a mind to
do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the Chair
understood it, he proposed it from the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not come from
the committee in the sense of being reported
in the bill. He offers it in behalf of the com-
mittee, but he has the same right to modify it
that anybody else has.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will so
modify it.
Mr. WINDOM. I will so modify it if there
be no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will now read the amendment as mod-
ified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to contract with the lowest bidder for a term of ten
years 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Insert there
" from and after the 1st day of October, 1873."
The Chief Clerk read:
From and after the 1st day of October, 1873, for
the conveyance of an additional monthly mail on
said route at a compensation not to exceed the rate
per voynge now paid under the existing contract
won the same conditions and limitations as pre-
scribed by existing acts of Congress m referenoe
thereto, and tho respective contracts made m pur-
suance thereof, and the said contractors 
Mr. WINDOM. Change that to read " and
such contractors."
lhe Chief Clerk. "And such contractors
shall be required to carry the United States
mails" 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is but just to
the Senate in a matter so important as this
that the precise amendment should be written
out in h(BC verba, so that we may know what
it is. This is a matter that involves $5,000,000,
and I should like to have the proposition dis-
tinctly read to us before we are Called upon to
vote upon it.
lhe Chief Clerk continued the reading as
follows:
Tto? contractors shall be required to carry the
united btates mails during the existence of said
contracts, without additional charge on all the
steamers they may run upon said line or any part
ot it, or any branch or extension thereof.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I did not intend to par-
ticipate in this debate, but while the amend-
ment is being prepared and put in proper shape
I will state in a few words the course I shall
pursue in regard to it. If this proposition it
simply to double the service for the next five
