2134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
any productive industry which characterizes
most of our communities, with no agricultural
surroundings, utterly and absolutely destitute
of all those economical resources which char-
acterize most of the communities that desire
these things.
Now, with a debt of $8,000,000 resting upon
this people and still going on, is it a wise thing
to run in debt $600,000 more unless you are
to get a return, and unless that return is cer-
tain ? What does this rest on ? What is this
to bring to the city of Washington or to the
District of Columbia? My honorable friend
from Georgia says it gives means of getting
out of Washington and getting in. Does my
honorable friend mean to say that this does
anything more than to give an additional facil-
ity ? Has it not been said upon the floor of the
Senate here to-day—and nobody has doubted
it—that you have a road running precisely in
the direction that this reaches? This runs to
Staunton. You have a road there now, and
you may go daily between this place and that.
Mr. HILL. Allow me a word.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. In reply to the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine I will say that I think
I am well informed that in the valley of the
Shenandoah, which would be reached by this
railroad, even during the last fall large droves
of turkeys were sold there for less than
seventy-five cents apiece to speculators for
the Washington market, who bring them here
and sell them at two hundred, three hundred,
and as high as four hundred per cent, profit.
These people are isolated. They are great
grain-growers. It is a wonderfully productive
valley, and it is for the breadstuff's that it pro-
duces now wanting an outlet somewhere that
I propose that Washington shall give some
assistance to bring these productions to its own
doors; and if there was no other reason but
marketing, simply for the sake of cheaper
living in Washington, in which the Senator,
myself, and everybody is so much interested,
I think that is reason enough for the aid that
will be given.
Mr. MOKHILL, of Maine. It may be that
there are turkeys enough in the valley of the
Shenandoah to support this road; but the
great valley of the Shenandoah is cut by three
roads now, all of them accessible to this Dis-
trict. The Senator says he does not see it.
Then he does not see the railroad map. Then
he is not conversant with what he is talking
about. But I am not to diverge into that. I
rose only to make a suggestion or two. I do
not see the resources which are to make this
investment profitable; or, in other words, I
do not see how this enterprise is to redound
to the interest of this community.
Another consideration, Mr. President, and
I am done. This is the capital of the Amer-
ican people. It is to be the capital in no re-
mote future, we hope, of many hundreds of
millions. We are talking about improving this
capital, giving it facilities, needed facilities, it
is said ; and instead of looking at that ques-
tion as Senators to whom this great capital is
intrusted, we are talking about subjecting the
people of this District, poor, iu debt, taxed
as no other people in this country are, accord-
ing to the figures shown here to-day, with an
additional debt of §600,000 to give additional
facilities to this great national capital. In
Heaven's name, if any of us believe that there
is that public necessity, why do wo not make
the appropriation, manly and above-board, to
make that improvement?
Mr. PATTERSON. With the permission
of the Senator, I should like to say a word.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that before
I left the city there was one hearing before the
committee on the subject of this road, and
members of the Board of Trade appeared
there and stated that the majority of the Board
of Trade were against the loan of this §600,000
i>y the city. That was afterward denied, I
know, by other members of the board. I then
left the city, and I do not know what additional
light the committee received on the subject,
and therefore I have tiot taken any part in it.
Mr. LEWIS. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me a word, I will say that the Board
of Trade, with the exception of two, I think,
are unanimous in supporting this measure. A
paper is on the desk which will show precisely
how the Board of Trade stand, and I ask the
Clerk to read it.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, I suppose as well as myself, will remem-
ber that a member of the Board of Trade came
before the committee and stated that a major-
ity of the board were against it.
Mr. LEWIS. I recollect that perfectly well,
but it was afierward disproved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, Mr. Pres-
ident, all I mean to say is, that if the Senate
of the United States to-day believe this is a
great public enterprise and that this the na-
tional capital really needs it, then we, and not
the people of this District, taxed as they are,
are the people to do it. That is my notion
about it, and it will come to that in the end,
allow me to say. That is the history of things.
Does anybody suppose that the Congress of
the United States sitting here and seeing these
people running in debt as they aie, embarrass-
ing themselves as they are doing all the time,
are going to contribute to it and not be re-
sponsible for it? Every dollar of this will
come back upon you one of these days, and
you will either pay it or be disgraced.
Mr. President, we have a little history on this
whole subject. This idea of improving this
capital and making it a great commercial city
is not new. Why, sir, as early as the city had
a foundation that idea was prevalent here.
Why has it not become a commercial capital ?
Baltimore has sprung up and become the great
commercial capital of the South; here are
other cities springing up all about you; and
still there are people who cherish the delusion
that this will at sometime become a great com-
mercial capital, and that it is really desirable
that it should, that we should make this what
other great cities are, a great commercial and
manufacturing eity. I do not think so at all.
It never will be so. The commercial centers
are formed elsewhere, and so they will go on
through all time.
But, sir, we stand here now and throw upon
these people an expenditure for internal im-
provements of $4,000,000 to make these streets
and these avenues. How are they made?
How are they laid out? By this city? No;
laid out by us. On what idea? On the idea
that at some future period this District will
become the great capital of a great people,
when they shall number four, five, or six hun-
dred millions, and that period now is not very
remote. And so, corresponding with this
grand idea which the founders of this District
bad, look at your ample squares, look at these
broad avenues and streets. Was it ever sup
posed that the improvement of these was to be
put upon the people who might live here? Was
it for these people to make these improve-
ments, or was it to be for the United States at
large, and were these improvements to be
made in the interest of the people at large,
and was the Congress of the United States to
see that it was done, not for commercial pur-
poses, not for mercantile purposes, not ac- j
cording to the votes of twelve thousand people
here, no matter whether they represent prop-
erty or otherwise, but that it should be made
every time, and always in harmony with our
ideas of whatthegreat national capital should
be, politically, so that when the representa-
tives of five hundred million people come
here they shall have a capital, the political
capital of the country, and not its commercial
metropolis as well.
Sir, this is to be the fate of this District,
and this is to be the fate of this city. It is to
be a political and not a commercial city.
Being so, it is all nonsense to talk about in-
vesting money in large sums to be collected in
taxes from these people to make this a manu-
facturing and a commercial city. The history
of this country has so far predetermined it
otherwise. The history of this country has
settled it altogether in a different way, and it
is too late to recover it, and it is not desirable,
in my judgment, to recover it.
Therefore, Mr. President, I shall vote
against this proposition for these reasons: in
the first place, it will not be remunerative ;
it will be lost to these people; it is a delusion
altogether and wholly. In the second place,
I will not do it, because I know we shall have
to pay it, and because I believe if we vote it
we ought to pay it. The day is not very
remote when we shall have to assess the
American people and vote sums out of the
Treasury of the United States to pay for the
improvements that are going on now, and we
ought to do it to a very large extent, in my
judgment, and we shall come to that.
With these views I have not the slightest
idea of allowing any twelve thousand people,
property-holders pr otherwise, to control me
on a question of this sort. The very fact that
they come here shows that they under-
stand full well that it is the business of the
Congress of the United States to see that this
District does not run in debt.
I said a moment ago that we had a little
history on this subject; that this idea of mak-
ing this a great city was not now. What grew
out of that? Originally, in the early days of
this District, you will find that contributions
were made to the canal which has been
spoken of in the debate, and the Government
contributed to the stock—authorized some
member of the Government to subscribe for
stock to the amount of several hundred thou-
sand do'lars. What was the result of that?
We had to pay it in the end. That was un-
doubtedly for commercial purposes. That was
when it, was supposed this might possibly be a
commercial city. It was before the day of
Baltimore, and it was before New York had
become what it has since become. We author-
ized this city to mortgage the very lands of
the city, some of these parks, to secure the
construction of that canal.
The city failed; the enterprise failed. Why
and wherefore? Failed because other com-
munities around it became commercial and
mercantile centers, and it was not destined
that this city should succeed. The result of
that whole thing was that we had to cancel
that mortgage and pay the debt ourselves;
and it will be so in every enterprise you un-
dertake. If Congress authorizes this thing to
be done, and it is a failure, and the city gets
embarrassed, does not everybody know that
we shall pay that debt? Certainly we shall,
or we shall be disgraced before the world.
Why, sir, the bonds issued by the canal com-
pany went abroad, went to France, were sold
in France. France being friendly to us, they
took our securities. They were not paid.
Here was the city of Washington under em-
barrassment, could not pay her debts, and it
was a city named after our great Washington.
What was to be done? Repudiate the debt?
The city could not pay it. The nation came
forward and paid it; and so it will do now.
Mr. President, the truth about the matter
is that those who have got the management
of this municipal corporation are altogether
ambitious beyond their means. They are
making outlays which it is utterly unreason-
able to expect these people to make. It is
utterly absurd and unreasonable to say that
the people of this District should be required
to raise on their own property $4,000,000,
to be expended in improving these immense
streets and avenues which we have laid out
ior national and not for municipal purposes.
Still they are desirous, for purposes of per-
sonal interest to a very great extent, of doiug
this, and we stand by and look on and allow
