im
THE~ CCWGEESSIONAL &LOBE.
and one or more of the principal porta of Great
Britain, and one or more of the principal ports
of the continent of Europe ; also lines between
New York and the West Indies and Mexico,
between New Orleans, the West Indies, Mex-
ico, and Brazil; between San Francisco, Aus-
tralia, and New Zealand, and other islands of
the Pacific.
Third, that a bounty of not exceeding fifteen
dollars per ton shall be paid each year for a
period of five years for the construction of iron
steamships, and twelve dollars per ton on other
steamships of not less than one thousand tons
each, and not exceeding five hundred thousand
tons in the aggregate, and not more than one
hundred thousand tons in any one year, to be
employed exclusively in foreign trade.
Fourth, that the board shall receive proposals
for the construction of said steamers to be ap-
portioned fifty thousand tons upon the Atlantic
and Gulf coast, twienty-five thousandtons upon
the great lakes and the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers, and twenty-five thousand tons on the
Pacific coast, and to be constructed upon
plans approved by the Navy Department; the
•Government to have the right to purchase or
charter tbem upon appraisal, and the Secretary
of the Navy, upon certain conditions, to detail
officers of the Navy to serve as officers of such
vessels.
Fifth, that there shall be paid twelve dol-
lars per ton upon first-class sailing vessels of
not less than three hundred tons, to be engaged
principally in the foreign trade, and that the
owner of any vessel upon which a bounty has
been paid may engage in the coasting trade
upon the repayment of the amount received,
deducting ten per cent, for each year the ves-
sel has been in service.
Sixth, that vessels engaged in the foreign
trade and fisheries may purchase stores in
bond without the payment of duties.
The amendment which I propose as a sub-
stitute provides, for the board of commission-
ers of commerce substantially as in the bill
of the committee ; that materials for construc-
tion and repairs of vessels for the foreign trade,
and ship stores to be used on the voyage of
such vessels, may be taken in bond free of
duty, and that vessels built under the provis-
ions of this act may be taken by the Govern-
ment when wanted upon paying their appraised
value, or by paying a reasonable compensation
for the charter of such vessels while in Gov-
ernment employ. Such, in brief, are the pro-
visions of the bill of the committee and of the
amendment which I am permitted to offer as a
substitute therefor.
The second and third sections of the bill,
•which I offer as an amendment, have been in-
corporated into the taiiff bill which has just
passed this House, so far as to apply to wooden
sail vessels, and will afford some encourage-
ment for building this class of vessels, and is
valuable in that it applies the principle recog-
nized in regard to all articles manufactured
of imported materials when exported; but it
requires more comprehensive measures to re-
vive the foreign commerce of the country gen-
erally, and the bill under consideration is
offered as a basis for such measures.
The objection urged against any bill grant-
ing a bounty as an encouragement for the re-
vival of shipping is that the whole country is
taxed to build up and foster a single industry.
Thosg who make this objection leave enliiely
out of sight the connection of our merchant
marine with our naval establishment. The
statesmen of England, and of our own country
in former times, whatever may have been their
views on the tariff question, have uniformly
regarded the merchant marine as an auxiliary
to the Navy, and to that end have claimed for
it the fostering care of the Government.
Naval officers of Great Britain have repeat-
edly testified before coramitteesof Parliament
that in case of war the navy was dependent
entirely upon merchant shipping for support,
notwithstanding the extent and power of the
navy proper. At the time of the Crimean war
a board appointed by the admiralty of Great
Britain made a careful examination of the
merchant steam marine of the kingdom, and
reported that ninety-one merchant steamers
could be fitted to be made serviceable for
war purposes in two weeks at an expense
of £3,000 each, and that in four weeks, at
an expense of £6,000 each, they could be
converted into efficient war steamers.
The navy, like the army, is but a nucleus
around which the volunteer force is gathered
in time of war; but unlike the army, the navy,
to be available, must have trained men, and
ships ready for use ia case of emergency.
A navy cannot be extemporized except from
an efficient merchant marine, and upon the
efficiency of our merchant marine depends
our power and success in naval warfare.
The amount appropriated to the Navy from
1850 to 1860 was about seventy-three million
dollars, and yet at the breaking out of the war we
had but one hundred vessels of one hundred and
fifty thousand tons, and about eight thousand
men ; but we had a merchant marine of more
than five million tons, which had not cost the
Government a dollar, which not only trained
the mechanics to build that "navy and the sea-
men to man it, but furnished six hundred ves-
sels of more than one million tons and about
seventy-five thousand men, all of which were
immediately added to the naval service. If
the production of this million tons of shipping
and the training of the seventy-five thousand
men had cost the Government an amount
equal to the cost of the Navy proper wirh its
one hundred and fifty thousand tons of ship-
ping and eight thousand men—$73,000,000—
it could not have been properly regarded as
a bounty to ship-builders, but would have
been legitimately chargeable to the support of
the Navy . We are now appropriating about
twenty million dollars per annum to keep up
the Navy, and whether the amount asked for
is a few millions more or less is regarded as
of little consequence, because the maintenance
of that arm of the service is deemed of vital im-
portance to the nation ; but we appear to be
entirely indifferent as to the fact that the mer-
chant marine upon which we must depend to
reenfotce and sustain our Navy in case of war
ia fast disappearing from the ocean. We are
not only losing our shipping, but we are losing
the mechanical skill necessary to construct our
Navy. During the last war, as will be the case
during any war, we were dependent almost
entirely upon private yards for naval vessels.
More than eighty per cent, of the vessels, and
a much larger percentage of the machinery
for those vessels built during the war, were
built in private yards. Improvements in naval
architecture are developed in the construction
of merchant shipping for the reason that com-
petition stimulates improvements and inven-
tions. There is no competition in the navies
of the world except in times of war, and the
result is that after a long period of peace
naval vessels are found, when brought into
service, to be of little value.
All naval officers testily to the vital import-
ance of sustaining our merchant shipping as
an auxiliary to the Navy. The reports to the
English Parliament by special committees are
filled with such testimony. Admiral Porter
testified before the committee on the decline
of commerce that thirty first-class merchant
steamers at the breaking out of the war would
have been of more value than our entire Navy,
and that if we had possessed them we could
have strangled the rebellion during the first
year by sealing up every port in the confed-
eracy. Other naval officers have expressed
the same opinion, and when we consider the
destruction wrought by the Alabama and two
or three other such vessels which were fitted out
in the ports of Great Britain during the rebel-
lion; we can readily credit the statement.
The possession of a fleet of such steamers
would do more toward keeping the peace be-
tween ourselves and foreign nations than the
amount which we expend on our naval estab-.
lishment twice told. An addition of five per
cent, or $1,000,000 to our annual naval appro-
priations applied under the provisions of this
bill, would suffice to provide those thirty
steamers. We think nothing of expending
$1,000,000 upon a single naval vessel that
may prove utterly worthless when completed.
I see it stated in the testimony before the spe-
cial committee who recently investigated mat-
ters connected with the Navy Department that
the engine of the naval steamerTennessee cost
$750,000, and has been recently thrown out as
worthless for all practical purposes, and ex-
changed for a new one at a difference of
$300,000, an expenditure on a single vessel
of more than one million dollars, au amount
which if annually expended would be sufficient
to give us thirty better steamers, and insure
the care of them free of all. expense to the
Government until needed for service. These
steamers, if thus built by piivate enterprise,
with this limited aid from the Government,
and used for commercial purposes, would not
only be as valuable in case of war'as if built
especially for the Navy, but would in time of
peace add every year largely to the business
and revenues of the country.
The total amount which could be drawn from
the Treasury under this bill for the building
of all classes of vessels for which it provides
would not exceed $2,000,000 the first year,
and would not probably exceed $3,000,000 in
any one year while in operation. Certainly a
very small amount wheu such important inter-
ests are at stake and such important results
are likely to be secured. But small as is the
amount, my observation and experience lead
me to fear the determined hostility which
nearly every measure of this kind meets in
this House, and has influenced me in propos-
ing the substitute which, although less com-
prehensive than the bill of the committee, will
probably commend itself by its economy. It
costs nothing. I regret that in considering
measures affecting this great national interest
the question has been not what is best, but
rather what is cheapest to be done. 1 am
anxious to see something done, and this bill
is a step forward, and if passed will accomplish
something. It takes nothing from the Treas-
ury, and simply puts the ship-builder and ship-
owner of the United States on the same foot-
ing as the foreign ship-builder and owner is
put, not, only by his own but by our Govern-
ment.
Great Britain, and I think nearly all the
maritime nations of Europe, allow free mate-
rial and free stores for shipping. We impose
a duty on material, and thus discriminate
against our own ship builders and ship-own-
ers. As an illustration, an American ship
of a thousand tons pays duty of say twelve
dollars per ton, or $12,000 on the imported
material which is used in her construction,
and when built pays the duties on all stores
and outfits for the voyage. A ship of the
same class built of th,e same material in Great
Britain pays no duty upon that material and
takes her outfit and stores all free of dut.y.
Thisvessel thus built and fitted comes into an
American port paying no duty on her arrival,
and enters into unrestricted competition with
the American-built vessel. Both vessels may
engage side by side in the same trade, running
between an American and a foreign port and be
worn out in that business, the American ves-
sel having paid a dutyupo'tt the' material from
which she was built, because it was worked up
by American mechanios on American soil,
the English vessel paying no duty, because she
was built of the same material but by English
workmen on English soil. It is precisely the
same as if we should impose a duty upon the
raw material from which we built machinery,
and at the same time admit the machipery
already manufactured free of duty. It will be
readily seen that this policy operates as a pos-
