1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
that the judges of the election at the separate
polls shall, if there be any cause for impeach-
ment of the election at their polls, furnish to
the Governor affidavits of disinterested wit-
nesses who may come forward to prove that
fraud, violence, oppression, and terror have
been used at the polls. It is only when this
certificate, furnished by the judges of election,
based upon such affidavits, is made and ten-
dered to him that the law of Texas gives the
Governor any right whatever to canvass the
vote. In the absence of such evidence, the
Governor has usurped the power to make this
canvass and this supposed purgation of the
vote. The minority of the committee are of
the opinion that in so doing he has trans-
cended his lawful authority; that his act is
a nullity; that the vote as returned by the
several judges of election is the true vote to
be counted and respected by this House. The
Governor has furnished this vote, and as his
certificate shows that he has undertaken to
exclude a portion of that vote without authority
to do so under the law in pursuance of which
he assumes to be acting, his act of exclusion
is a nullity. The vote which he himself re-
turns in detail and makes a part of the cer-
tificate, shows that the certificate is void. The
certificate itself shows that he has assumed to
exclude a part of the returns without legal
authorityto make such exclusion. The numer-
ical majority of the votes is in favor of Mr.
Giddings, the man as against whom the Gov-
ernor has attempted to seat Mr. Clarke. Upon
the face of the certificate, therefore, it appears
that the certificate should have been given to
Mr. Giddings.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
permit me to 'ask him a question ?
Mr. MERRICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to know
whether the Governor has sent here any of
the evidences (if there were any) upon which
he determined to exclude the votes of certain
counties ?
Mr. MERRICK. He has sent up nothing
but this tabular statement of the votes, which
is part and parcel of his certificate. The cer-
tificate itself gives a contradiction to the legal
conclusion which the Governor has sought
to arrive at, that Mr. Clarke is prima facie
entitled to the seat. He has not sent up the
evidence on which he acted.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rice] has
very properly made the point that the Gov-
ernor bad no power to determine this legal
question, but that it was his duty under the
. law of Texas to send up the return of all the
votes in order that this House, not the Gov-
ernor, should judge of the validity of the elec-
tion. The law of Texas upon this subject is
peculiar, and it is wise, inasmuch as it pro-
vides that the returns of the election shall be
sent here that this body may have before it
the whole evidence from which it may judge
who is and who is not rightfully entitled to the
seat. The Governor has furnished out of his
own mouth evidence to contradict the supposed
legal conclusion to which he has endeavored
to arrive.
The minority of the committee, therefore,
have come to the conclusion that upon a legal
scrutiny of this certificate so called, its opera-
tion and effect are directly the reverse of what
the Governor intends ; that, in other words, if
it be a certificate at all, the proper legal con-
clusion to be drawn from all the facts which
are spread upon the face of this certificate is
that Mr. Giddings has the prima facie right to
the seat.
The limitation of time prevents me from
going at large into this argument, and I shall
make only one further remark. As I under-
stand, and as the minority of the committee
have stated in their report,, it was averred on
the part of those representing the quasi con-
testant in this case, and not denied on the part
of the gentleman claiming to hold the certifi-
cate of ihe Governor, that these necessary pre-
requisites, the affidavits required to be fur-
nished by the judges of the election to enable
the Governor to entertain jurisdiction for the
purpose of canvassing and purging the poll
upon allegations of fraud, were not in point of
fact furnished. Therefore the jurisdiction itself
never did attach to him to make that canvass,
and having usurped the authority to make the
canvass his usurpation is a void act, and the
canvass of votes as returned stands as the
p%ima facie case before this body, showing
that Mr. Giddings, and not Mr. Clarke, has
the apparent majority of votes, and therefore
is entitled prima fade, so-far as there can be a
prima facie case in that which is no case at all,
to be qualified and take a seat upon this floor.
I yield now to my colleague of the minority
of the committee, having no time to enter into
this case, and I must be allowed to say that it
is a matter of regret that in these cases which
ought to be considered calmly and judicially by
this body we are limited by the previous ques-
tion, so that the merits of the controversy going
to the representation of this people are cut off
from full and intelligent statement for the
action of thi3 body.
Mr. ARTHUR. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] says that there is
no contest in this case. I do not know whether
that is true or not. I suppose that it is true or
he would not have said it.
Mr. HOAR. I did not say that, but that
there was no contestappearingofficially before
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Bat it does not mat-
ter whether it is so or not. There was no no-
tice of contestin the ease of Covode from Penn-
sylvania. And why? Because no man had
the certificate. And that is this case. No man
is entitled prima facie to the seat, as no man
has the certificate. What is the proper plan ?
It is for this House to say who shall serve
notice of contest. As in the case of Covode
vs. Foster, it is proposed that the Committee
of Elections shall have confided to it the sole
power to inaugurate the contest and to make
such rules and regulations as they may see fit.
Such course is proposed here as was pursued
in the case of Covode and Foster, where the
Governor of Pennsylvania was in doubt and
declined to give the certificate to either of the
parties.
The Governor of Texas says the same thing
in this case. He says that in his opinion he
ought not to give the certificate to either of
these parties. He says that the election was
conducted in such a manner that neither of
these two claimants is entitled to the certificate,
but, from his understanding of the law, he
thought it was necessary for him to give some
person a certificate. He therefore made out
this paper, by which he has certified that Mr.
Clarke is elected, and immediately afterward
certifies that neither of them is elected, and
then, by the schedule of votes accompanying
the paper, he shows that if anybody is elected
ill is Mr. Giddings. It does seem to me, there-
fore, that it is not impertinent for a member
of this House, who is required to sit here and
judge on his oath as to the merits of this con-
troversy, to propose the resolution which I
have offered, but, on the contrary, I think it is
rather impertinent on the part of any com-
mittee of this House to require that I should
vote yea or nay upon a particular resolution in
behalf of some particular person, without any
opportunity on my part to move an amendment
in order to test the real sense of the House.
Mr. Speaker, this is no ordinary matter of
legislation. It is a question to be decided on
our oaths as to the right of parties to seats upon
the floor of this House, and I am not for one
tobeputintoa " straight jacket" and required
to vote yea or nay on any resolution coming
from any committee, and prevented by the call
of the previous question from amending it in
accordance with the opinion of the majority
of the House. Why not let the whole matter
go back to the Committee of Elections to decide
the case upon its merits? What good reason
is there for not taking that course? I am will-
ing to trust it to that committee. We did the
same thing in the case of Covode against Fos-
ter, from Pennsylvania. What is the haste to
seat these parties in the House? What is the
necessity for it? Is it in order that the com-
mittee may afterwards say that there is no con-
testant, that fcere was no service of the proper
notice of contest, and that therefore the other
claimant shall be debarred from making any
contest ? I should judge so from the intima-
tions thrown out from the Committee of Elec-
tions. Let there be a fair trial, and let this
case go back to the Committee of Elections to
be decided upon its merits.
If we are to act upon a principle advanced
by the committee, then we are hereafter to al-
low Governors of States to elect members of
Congress upon this floor. If it be done in this
case it will not be the only instance. If the
Governor of Texas may send up a certificate
upon which a member is seated upon this floor
without regard to the merits of the case, then
it may be that we may have a majority here
seated in the same way. I know that it may
be answered that we all come here upon cer-
tificates from the Governors of the States, but,
sir, we do not come here upon any such cer-
tificate as that now in question. The certifi-
cates upon which we come here are certificates
in accordance with the records in the offices
of the various secretaries of States. But if
you leave the Governor of Texas and all
other Governors to decide who is elected,
otherwise than by the returns of the canvass-
ers, you may change majorities in this House
by getting in parties who happen to be polit-
ically of the complexion of the Governors of
the several States.
Mr. ARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, on the first
day of the session, the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. McCeart,] coinciding with the previous
conclusion of the Clerk of the House, Mr. Mc-
Pherson, presented to the House the creden-
tials of William T. Clarke, claiming a seat from
the third district of Texas, which he stated
were not in the usual form. Whereupon, the
House, by its order, referred the same to the
Committee of Elections.
By the third and fourth sections of the act
of July 11, 1870, laws of Texas, it is made the
duty of the Governor to appoint a registrar for
each organized county in the State, and like-
wise a board of revision and appeals, to consist
of three persons, who by virtue of their said
offices, are declared to be the. legal judges of
election. In Texas the elections for members
of the Forty-Second Congress were held only
at the respective county seats of each county,
and the polls were open four consecutive days
from eight o'clock a. m. to five o'clock p. m.,
and the voting conducted by ballot.
And it is provided in the Texas act of
August 15, 1870:
11 Sec. 33. That immediately upon the close of tho
polls on the last day of the election, the judges of
election at each poll, or voting place, shall proceed
to count tho ballots in the presence of tho registrar
and two citizen:-: of tho county, and make a lisf of all
the names of the persons and officers voted for, the
number of votes for each person, the number of bal-
lots in the box, and the number of ballots rejected,
and the reasons therefor. Said statement shall be
made in triplicate, and each copy thereof shall be
signed and sworn to by the judges of election and by
the registrar. The registrar or board of election
shall inclose in an envelope of strong paper or cloth,
securely sealed, one copy of such statement from each
poll, and one copy of the list of persons voting at
each poll, and one copy of any statements as to vio-
lence or disturbance, bribery or corruption, or other
offense? specified in section twenty-nine of this act,
if any there be, together with all memoranda and
tally-lists used in making the count and statement
of the votes, and shall send such package by mail,
properly and plainly addressed to tho Secretary of
State. The registrar or board of elections shall send
a second copy of said statement to the Governor of
the State by the next most safe and speedy mode or
convcyance, and shall retain the third copy in his
own possession."
The persons by whom, and the means by
