1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3031
years for the China mail with double subsidy,
I am rather disposed to vote for it, even if it
involves the extension of the existing contract
five years more.
I remember, and perhaps many of the Sen-
ators around me remember, the circumstances
under which this contract was made. It was
in January, 1865, in the midst of the war. It
was at the time when the destruction of our
merchant marine by the Alabama and other
rebel cruisers was at the worst. We had lost
one hundred and thirty thousand tons of our
commercial navy ; we had lost eight hundred
thousand tons of our commercial navy by
changing their flag to the British flag mainly ;
we had lost nearly one third of our entire
Navy by occupation in the war and from other
causes. It was then not so much as a matter
of subsidy, but to build up a Navy and to en-
courage commerce with Japan and China, that
we authorized the original contract to be made.
When the proposition was made here it was
passed by the unanimous vote of the Senate,
no man objecting on any ground. It was re-
ported by the Committee on Post Offices and
•Post. Roads. I remember distinctly that when
the proposition was made the then Senator
from California (Mr. Couness) called up the
bill, it. was debated but very little, and was
passed without objection in this body.
The general results of the contract have been
favorable to the Government of the United
States. They have developed our trade and
commerce with China and Japan to a large
extent. They have largely increased our busi-
ness with those couniries and our direct im-
portations from those countries to California.
They have brought into our country a con-
siderable number of immigrants. I do not ob-
ject to them because they are Japanese and
Chinese. The contract has been beneficial to
the Government, of the United States. I believe
now it would be a wise commercial and naval
policy to increase that service.
We are told by the Senator who has this bill
in charge that if this increased subsidy is not
granted, in all human probability an English
line will soon be competing with the American
line and we may by possibility lose the only line
of vessels we have established with foreign
countries. Under the circumstances I believe
that we are justified in exending this subsidy
and doubling it for double service. I there-
fore, if it is carefully guarded and limited to
that provision, feel disposed to vote for the
measure.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am very
glad that this modification has been made, and
tor the reason that it avoids the outcry of " a
job." It is this outcry of ''jobs'' that has cost
this nation hundreds of millions of dollars in
regard to our commerce. Seventeen yeais
ago, when I came into thisbody, we were doing
something to subsidize our steam lines. It was
at a time when business was passing from sail-
ing vessels to steam lines. The outcry about
"jobs" broke do no ihat system, and the result
has been that we have been driven from the
north Atlantic. Two hundred million dollais
cannot recover to-day what a few millions
would have saved us if the nation had been
wise. We have lost the north Atlantic and
cannot recover it for years to coaie. The
Pacific seas are open to us. Our great conti-
nental railway, our position, everything enables
us to take the control of the commerce of the
Pacificseas. I am in favor of doing itas a mat-
ter of business for the interests of the Govern-
ment, the interests of the nation, and the cause
of Christian civilization and enlightenment. I
want our power to go over those seas. It is
already reaching Japan, and we have had
manifestations of the result here recently.
I am in favor, too, of subsidizing lines at a
careful and moderate expense, avoidiug all
jobs, putting everything open to competition,
on the south Atlantic between us and the
countries south of us on this continent. I
want to develop our trade, our commerce,
our power, our influence in that direction,
where we have lost duriug the past sixteen
or seventeen years. From fifty to one hun-
dred million dollars judiciously and honestly
expended would have made-us a great com-
mercial power on the Pacific and on the'
south Atlantic, and would have given us some
power on the north Atlantic, which is now
thrown away. I hope that Congress will not
do anything that shall look like jobbing, but
I hope the representatives of the American
people will maintain the interests of this nation'
undeterred by the outcry about jobs.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, it
seems to me all subsidies are more or less
jobs. Now, what is this if it is not a job?
Let us look at it as it is presented to the Amer-
ican people. Let the position of this com-
pany be canvassed, and let the people under-
stand that the American Congress are willing
to put into the hands of a private corporation
not $500,000, but $1,000,000 a year, and
under what circumstances? The honorable
Senator irom Ohio tells us that this job, that
this $500,000 never would have been given
but for the public necessities of the countiy
at the time ; and what were those necessities?
Our Navy was not able to compete in the
crisis with other navies ; our shipping was not
protected. Congress proposed, therefore, to
make this a sorfof man-of-war which should
protect itself against the Alabama, and to that
extent protect our private shipping. Now all
that is past. The line has been profitable;
they have had a subsidy ; and it is proposed
to increase it, and increase it under what cir-
cumstances? When the business is so profit-
able that an English line can come in, acquit
itself, and undertake to make money where
this line has had comparatively no competj-
tion. At a moment when the business is
so profitable that English capital can invest
itself in a new line of steamers, which the
Senator from California tells us is probable, we
are asked, in order to prevent that, to increase
this subsidy to $1,000,000. That is a very
strange argument to me.
Mr. COLE. Will my friend yield to me a
moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. The British lines have always
run with much larger subsidies than we are
offering to our citizens. They have on the
British line running from Liverpool to Hong
Kong now in the form of subsidy, as my friend
calls it, in our currency more than two and a
half million dollars. Let me say to my friend
from Kentucky, too, that this is no more of
a job than the carrying of the mails over any
land route is a job. it is paying for service.
1 will say further that all the routes over which
the mails of the United States are carried by
land do not pay. He will find some routes in
the interior, in the Territories especially, where
the returns for service are very small for the
amount paid; and yet the Government, sees
it very much to its advantage to make the
expenditure.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then it is a matter of
arithmetic, if Great Britain chooses to subsi
dize her line of steamers by giving $3,000,000,
we are to give $6,000,000, are we? That is
the argument.
Mr. COLE. No, sir; not by any means.
I say that the service can be procured to be
done by American citizens for much less in all
probability than it will cost when done by
British subjects.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, all my
limited experience has not satisfied me that
subsidies are productive of any great benefit.
If I look to the Pacific railroad, I find $61,-
000,000 given by this Government on a fiist
mortgage, and what is the result? A private
company comes in, asks the United States to
give up its lien, contracts millions on millions
of dollars—and I am told the owners of the
road and the contractors are one and the same
class of people—and now we cannot get either
principal or interest.
Sir, I believe in the doctrine of a great man
who has gone to his grave, Andrew Jackson,
who said that the liberties of this country, if
they ever perished, were to perish under the
subsidies and moneyed power of gigantic cor-
porations. I tell you that his prophecy is being
rapidly fulfilled to-day, for you cannot look at
the power that these large corporations have
that you do not see their influence upon the
legislation of the country.
If we cannot have vessels built in this coun-
try, let us take foreign bottoms and run them
under our flag. I think by reduoing the
expenditures in the purchase of the vessels,
with the increased business that China and
Japan will open to us, this company can go
on with the present subsidy of $500,000. Cer-
tainly we should not increase it until greater
necessity is shown than has yet been presented.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that the amendment
be reported as it is now finally prepared.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The Postmaster General is hereby authorized to
contract with the lowest bidder, after sixty days'
public notice, for the term of ten years from and
after the 1st day of October, 1873, for the conveyance
of an additional monthly mail on thesaidroute, at a
compensation not to exceed the rate per voyage now
paid under the existing contracts, and upon the
same conditions and limitations as prescribed by
existing acts of Congress in reference thereto and the
respective contract* made in pursuance thereof;
and the contractors under the provision? of this
section shall be required to carry the United St-ites
mails during the existenoe of their contracts with-
out additional charge, on all the steamers they may
run upon said line or any part of it, or any branch
or extension thereof."
Mr. MORTON. This authorizes another
contract for ten years. If this line cannot be
self-supporting without any subsidy in five
years, it ought to be abandoued. It makes a
subsidy of $1,000,000 for four or five years,
and after that a subsidy of $500,000 up to tea
years from the time the contract is made.
The Senator from Massachusetts says this
avoids a job. How? The service is to be let
to the lowest bidder with the perfect under-
standing that there is only one party who can
bid for it, and that they will bid up to th«
maximum that the Postmaster General is
allowed to pay. That avoids no job. It does
not deceive anybody. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table, and upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I wish to
state that the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] is paired on the question of sub-
sidy with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Bayard. Cameron, Chand-
ler. Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Johnston.^ Kelly, Morton,
Spencer, Stevenson. Vickers, and Wrighl—15.
NAYS—Messrs. iSoreman. Buckingham, Caldwell,
Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Conltling, Oorbett, Cragin.
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen. Gilbert, Ilam-
lin, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Os-
born, Poineroy, Pratt, Ramsey. Rice, Sawyer. Soott,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull. West, Wilson,
and \Vindom—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair,Brown-
low, Carpenter, Cooper, Davis o' Kentucky, Ham-
ilton of Texas. Hill, Hitchcock. Howe, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Norwood. Patterson, Pool, Ransom,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz. Sprague, Stockton,
Tburman, and Tipton—24.
So the motion was not, agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota to the amendment of the
Committee on Appiopriatious.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
amend the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations by striking out, com-
