1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL • GLOBE.
1239
accused persons aro kept in jail two years for want
of a trial: Therefore. ^
Resolved, Thntthe Attorney General be requested
to inform this House whether there is foundation
for such a statement; also, whether the judicial
force in the said district is insufficient for the prompt
enforcement of the laws, and if such evils and abuses
as represented exist, what legislation, if any, is
required to remove thom.
taxes on lkoaciks and successions.
Mr. McGHEW, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution 5 which was
read, considered, nnd referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the internal revenuelaws as to wholly and
absolutely abolish all taxes 011 legacies and succes-
sions made or occurring previous to October 1, 1870.
OEOIIGK W. MOUSE.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 1417) for the re-
lief of George \V. Morse, with Senate amend-
ments, was taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
On page 2, line one, strike out the word " already."
On page 2, line two. after the word " same," insert
the words "since the expiration of the terms of said
patents."
Mr. L. MYERS. These amendments, al-
though necessary, are quite immaterial. I ask
the House to concur in them.
The amendments were concurred in.
sales of property by war department.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution of inquiry, referring to sales
by the War Department, similar to the resolu-
tion which was adopted the other day in regard
to sales of material by the Navy Department.
The chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations said the other day that he desired this
information.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform this House, as soon as practicable, what
property belonging to the United States has been
sold by any officer or agent of the War Department
or any bureau thereof, bince the 30th day of June,
1865, giving the name of the officer making the sale,
the character of property sold, the time, place, and
manner of making the sales, and the amount real-
ized from said sales, and the disposition made of the
proceeds, if paid over to the Treasurer or into the
Treasury; when and by whom it was drawn out,
when it has been &o drawn, and what was done with
the proceeds. He is directed to state how much
money has been spent by his Department, and the
othcers and bureaus thereof, since the 30th day of
June, 1865, in addition to amounts appropriated by
Congress for the service of the several fiscal years
commencing .July 1, 1865.
Resolved, further, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be directed to inform the House what amount
of money has been paid into the Treasury or to
the Treasurer of the United States, from the sales
of property by the officers of the War Department
since the 30th day of June, 1865. He will inform the
Ilouse how much of the money so paid into the
Treasury, or to the Treasurer, has been withdrawn,
stating when, and by whom, and in what amounts
such portions as have been withdrawn were paid on
the draft or order of any officer of the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I objcct.
Mr. BECK. The chairman of the Commit-
tee 011 Appropriations, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] said yesterday that he
desired this information.
Mr. DAWES. The resolution seems to cover
a great deal.
Mr. BECK. It covers precisely the same
information as we asked the Secretary of the
Navy the other day to furnish.
Mr. SARGENT. I think there can be no
objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. COBURN. I shall object unless the
rpiolution is again reported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. PERCE. I object to the resolution,
Mr. DAWES. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. PERCE. I am perfectly willing it shall
be referred.
Mr. BECK. I object to any reference of
the resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the regular order.
mutilated currency.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being called for, the morning hour
begins, at twelve o'clock and thirty-five min-
utes, and reports are in order from the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, and the
House resumes the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 809) to provide for the retirement
of worn and mutilated national bank notes.
Mr. MONROE. I desire to ask unanimous
consent that this bill may be made the special
order for the first Tuesday in April, after two
o'clock. I find after a rather extensive con-
ference with gentlemen on both sides of the
House that there are a considerable number
of gentlemen who would like to occupy some
time in talking upon matters connected with
banking and currency, and I would like to
have the bill, therefore, made a special order.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he modify his motion. I shall object to
the bill being made a special order. I shall
be under the necessity of objecting to the
making of any further special orders which
may interfere with the public business coming
from the Committeo of Ways and Means or
from the Committee on Appropriations. I do
not think the gentleman will have any diffi-
culty in getting his bill considered at that time
in the ordinary course of business.
Mr. MONROE. I have 110 idea that there
is any more important business than that be-
longing to my committee.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman will
arrive at the same end ; it may be possible a
day or two later his bill may come up, and may
not interfere with the business of other com-
mittees.
Mr. COX. My colleague upon the commit-
tee [Mr. Monroe] agreed to allow me to offer
an amendment to this bill, which may as well
be offered now as at some future time.
Mr. MONROE. I have no objection, but I
wish first to make some arrangements in refer-
ence to this bill. I find that there is a general
disposition to discuss the bills of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency at some day
during the session, and it may as well be in
connection with this bill as with something
else. As long as the bill remains in the morn-
ing hour it is in the way of several bills which
the chairman of the committee wishes to
report, and which are believed to be of a use-
ful character, and will lead to no discussion.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the
Chair to let members know the effect of their
motion. If the gentleman moves that the
further consideration of this bill be postponed
until the first Tuesday in April, the chances
are rather doubtful that the bill will be reached
during this session of Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not if it be made a special
order?
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to its
being made a special order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I hope thegentleman
from Ohio will run the risk of its coming up
at that time.
Mr, COX. I would make a suggestion. I
believe a bill of this character ought to be
passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to |
the gentleman from Massachusetts, the chair- ;
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, j
that if the bill be made a special order with- |
out the words "to the exclusion of all other !
business," it cannot interfere with the business
of the Committee of Ways and Means, or the
Committee 011 Appropriations, unless a major-
ity should refuse to go into Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union upon
their business.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to interfere
with the business of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
The SPEAKER. If the bill were madea
special order for the first Tuesday in April,
after the morning hour, it would be reached
probably, but not on that day.
Mr. DAWES. I accept that arrangement.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the bill will be made a special order for the
first Tuesday in April, after the morning hour.
The Chair hears no objection. The bill will
be open to amendment at that time.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I should like to sub-
mit an amendment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen who de-
sire to offer amendments to the bill might
have them printpd in connection with the bill
and reprinted. If there be no objection, the
bill will be reprinted with the amendments
submitted. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that those
amendments are now offered.
The SPEAKER, They will be considered
as pending.
Mr. MONROE. Whenever the previous
question is called, the question will be taken
upon those amendments in their order.
Mr. COBURN. _ Will the bill be open to
amendment when it shall again come up for
consideration?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so under-
stands.
heatii & co 's counterfeit detector.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, report-
ed, with a recommendation that the same do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1762) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to allowthe printing
of impressions of currency notes and bonds,
&c., for the use of Heath & Co.'s Counterfeit
Detector; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a tTrird time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to print, at the
Treasury Department, the impressions re-
quired for the publication known as Heath &
Co.'s Counterfeit Detector, under such regu-
lations and upon such terms as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to have some
explanation of this bill, for it looks to me
something like a monopoly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
object of this bill is to give to the publishers
of Heath & Co's invaluable counterfeit detector
such prints of notes, &e., as they desire to
publish in their work. The printing is to_ be
done entirely at the expense of these parties,
without cost at all to the Treasury Department.
These impressions have been published in the
previous edition of the work, and the intention
is to get out a new edition, and the only way
in which these impressions can be obtained
for the new edition is from the Treasury De-
partment. The Secretary of the Treasury and
Mr. McCartee, the head of the printing divis-
ion, both recommend that this be done. The
persons connected with the detective service
of the Treasury Department all state that this
is a work of great utility, in enabling people
to become acquainted with the character of
genuine bills and notes, by presenting speci-
mens of the actual engraving on the bills, and
also fac similes of the different counterfeits.
It is a work of great assistance to bankers and
money brokers, where money is constantly
passing, in enabling them to detect counter-
feits. I think there can be 110 possible objec-
tion to the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Who is to
print these impressions?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They
are to be printed at the Treasury Department
by the regular printer there, because of course
they will not trust their notes out of their pos-
session. And whenever they print any of these
impressions, there is always some mark put
upon them so that the.y may not-be used for
any improper purpose.
