2136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
antee that it is going to be built. If we em-
bark as is now proposed, we shall find our-
selves a year or two hence in the condition in
which Massachusetts found herself in respect
"to the Hartford and Brie railroad, the condi-
tion in which she found herself in respect to
the Hoosac tunnel, to which she made a sub-
scription of $1,000,000, and in order to rescue
and save that had to put in several millions
more.
• If this city is permittted to make this sub-
scription it is virtually undertaking to build
this road and nothing else. If we subscribe for
$600,000, there will be a request here in less
than two years for a much larger subsei'ip-
tion in order to save this amount from perdi-
tion. Therefore I submit the amendment
which I have offered, that there shall be at
least twice the amount that is proposed to
give here in good solid securities before we
shall be called upon to pay this sum of money;
and even that is not going to build the road.
They wilt have to get somewhere, by mort-
gage, by hook or by crook, somebody to trust
them with an equal amount more than this
$600,000 before the road can be built at all.
1 think the amendment will commend itself to
a majority of the Senate; at least I hope so.
Mr. BAYARD. [ was compelled to be ab-
sent irom the Senate during the greater por-
tion of the time that this bill has been under
discussion ; but I desire now to express what
has-been with me an opinion long entertained
against the propriety of this system of muni-
cipal subscriptions to works outside of the
jurisdiction of the corporation attempting to
make the subscription.
Mr. HARLAN. It is rather a late hour,
and I will inquire of the Senator if he will
give way to a motion that the Senate adjourn?
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection.
Mr. LEWIS. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa, who has the floor, moves that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Iowa
consent to move an executive session instead
of an adjournment?
Mr. HAHLAN. Certainly ; I will modify
it in that way.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa changes his motion, and moves
that the Senate procefed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. LEWIS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PAT PERSON, (having first voted in
the affirmative.) Mr. Sumner is absent, and
I am paired with him. [ wish, therefore, to
withdraw my vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Senator's vote will be with-
drawn.
Mr. NYE. I am paired with the Senator
from Vermont, Mr. Edmuxds, on the main
question. I do not know whether that is in-
volved in the question of going into executive
session. I therefore withdraw my vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. PA1 PERSON. I hardly think my pair
will hold oil a question of thi.i sort, and there-
fore, under the announcement of the Chair, I
will vote "yea."
Mr. NYE. In order to make up a quorum
I vote "nay."
Mr. HARLAN. If there is no quorum pres-
ent I renew my motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that there is a quorum present. The
Chair will entertain the motion as soon as the
result of the vote is announced.
The result was then announced—yeas 15, j
nays 23 ; as follows: !
YEAS Messrs, Ames, Bayard, Cooper, Cragin. >'
i'relinsliuysoa, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Manic, [i
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt,
Spencer, Thurman, and Wright—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Casserly,
Con k ling, Corhett, Davis of AY est Virginia, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Nye, Osborn, Kamsey, Sawyer, Stevenson,
Stewart.Tipton,Vickers, and Windom—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Colo. Davis of Ken tacky, Edmunds, Fen ton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Johnston, Kellogg, Morton, Poineroy, Pool, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, West, and
Wilson—35.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state before I re-
new the motion to adjourn that I understood
the honorable Senator from Delaware to say
that he desired to address the Senate on the
power of municipal corporations to make sub-
scriptions of this kind. It is a very interest-
ing subject—a subject upon which every mem-
ber of the Senate would desire to hear the
Senator. It is hardly fair that he should be
crowded into a late hour to deliver a speech on
so important a subject, and I therefore ask
him to give way in order that I may move an
adjournment.
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps the Senator mis-
understood me. It was not my purpose to
make any set speech upon the abstract ques-
tion of the power of municipal subscriptions
to works beyond the limits of a city; but I
intended to state in short the reasons why I
should vote against this bill; and in doing
so, I alluded to the first and chief reason,
and that was my opposition to the system of
municipal subscriptions to works beyond the
jurisdiction of the city. I do not propose to
make a long speech upon the matter, and it is
very indifferent to me whether I say what I
have got to say now or to-morrow. My time
has been so occupied in committee-room dur-
ing the sessions of the Senate that it might be
very possible I could not say what I wanted to
say at another time, although it would be very
little loss to the Senate if 1 did not.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator prefers to
go on, I shall not make the motion, of course.
Mr. BAYARD. So far as my convenience
is concerned, it is entirely immaterial. The
regular hour ofadjournmenthas nearly arrived,
and I have no objection on that account to
give way to a motion to that effect.
Mr. HARLAN. Then 1 make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFITCER. Does the
Senator from Delaware yield?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a word ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. By a vote which sur-
prised me a little, considering the merits of
the bills, the Senate determined to lay aside
an appropriation bill, in the midst of its con-
sideiation, and take up this local railway bill.
Now, at the usual hour, to be sure, of ad-
journment, when it has been very thoroughly
discussed, voted upon, and amended, it is pro-
posed to adjourn. I wish to remind Senators
that it is quite probable to-morrow will go
where to-day has gone. I do not think we
have a great many days to spare. I am not
on the Committee on Appropriations, and I
am not on the committee of my honorable
friend Irom lowaj the Committee on Indian
Affairs, but I should suppose these two com-
mittees would try to get this bill out of the
way, so that they might go on with the appro-
priation bill. 1 doubt whether we shall ever
understand it much better than we do now, or
shall after the additional suggestions Senators
wish to make to those which have been made.
Mr.^ HARLAN. I would most gladly make
a motion to lay this bill on the table for the
purpose of proceeding with the appropriation
bill it I could do so with proper courtesy and
respect to my associates m the Chamber. I
would not wish to make a motion of that kind
iu the lace of the statement of an honorable
member of this body that he desired to sub-
mit some remarks on a point as interesting as
the one that has been indicated. I will give
notice, however, that at the conclusion of his
speech to-morrow morning, if I can get the
floor, I shall make the motion to postpone
this bill until the Indian appropriation bill is
disposed of. I now renew the motion that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Sea-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 3, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain of the
Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
workingmen's national bank.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, presented a petition in favor of the
incorporation of the Workingmen's Coopera-
tive Colonization National Bank of America ;
which was referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
baltimore and potomac 11ailkoad.
Mr. KERR. When the vote was taken on
Monday last upon the passage of the Balti-
more aud Potomac railroad bill, I neglected
to make the announcement, which I now wish
to make, that Mr. Potter of New York, and
Mr. Dickey of Pennsylvania, were paired on
that bill. Had they been present Mr. Pottek
would have voted against the bill, and Mr.
Dickey for it.
salt lake and oregon railroad.
Mr. KETCHAM. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
twenty minutes past twelve o'clock. The first
business in order during the morning hour is
the call of the Committee on the Public Lands
for reports.
Mr. SLATER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
ment, a bill (H. li. No. 2121) granting the
right of way through the public lands for the
construction of a railroad from Great Salt
Lake to Portland, Oregon.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line fi.om Port-
land, in the State of Oregon, byway of Dalles
City, to some suitable point on the Union
Pacific or Central Pacific railroad in the vicin-
ity of Salt Lake, not further east than Green
river, with a branch from a suitable point west
of the Blue mountains to a suitable point in
Walla-Walla valley, there are hereby granted
to the Portland, Dalles, and Salt Lake Rail-
road Company, organized under articles of
incorporation filed in the office of the secretary
of State of Oregon on March 25, 1871, and to
their successors and assigns, a strip of land
one hundred feet wide on each side of the
center line of said road, and the necessary
lands tor depots, stations, side-tracks, and other
needtul uses iu operating said road and tele-
graph, not exceeding forty acres at any one
place; provided that the locations for depots,
stations, and side-tracks shall not exceed for
the whole line of said road more than one loca-
tion of forty acres for every ten miles of the
same, and when made upon surveyed lands
shall conform to the Government surveys
thereof. The second section provides that
said company shall, within six months after
the location of any section of twenty miles or
more of their said ioad, if the same be upon
surveyed land, and if upon unsurveyed land,
then within six months after the survey thereof
by the United States, file a plat of suchlocated
section, together with proof Lhereofj with the
