292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr, Roberts.
42b Cong....2d Skss.
proved by being carried back and forth over
the ocean. But, as a rale, the carrying trade
serves a useful purpose only wheti it facilitates
exchanges of accrued values, when it takes
from one piace articles in excess and returns
those which are in demand. It must fol-
low successful production, and cannot exist
■without it.
With production on the soil flourishing, com-
merce will in due season commence and thrive.
Start nations without unnatural advantages of
acquired capital or established markets, and
their traders would construct commercial rela-
tions. But they would need revenue, and each
nation would adjust its customs for the advan-
tage of its own people. The nation whose
chief hope is in foreign trade will frame a tariff
to foster that interest. The nation which
possesses unmeasured natural resources and
whose future is to decorate a continent with
the laurels of diversified industry, will wisely
adjust its duties to accelerate that triumph.
OUR RACE WITH BRITAIN.
But, sir, we run the race on no such condi-
tions with Britain nor with any nation of
Europe. British manufactures are rank with
the luxuriance of three centuries of hot-houSe
forcing. The Netherlands were rich in tex-
tile fabrics before England made its own cloth.
France and Germany have had the benefit of
ail the world's experience, and all the shelter
and impetus which strong Governments could
give. In all these countries wages are at their
minimum ; capital is a drug, aud must put up
with the iowest returns.
If it is mere commerce we seek, we must
recognize the situation. We must accept the
equilibrium of wa;-es and of social condition.
We enter the race handicapped with high
wages and social equality. We will conquer
in the end if we so resolve, but the conquest
wiil be worse than defeat. We ought not to
enter the race at all.
OCR AIM—PRODUCTION ON THE SOIL.
Our chief aim should be, not mere foreign
trade, but production on the soil. This is no
island, but a continent, and the grandest of
them all. Our mission is to develop it, in the
canons of the mountains where the snow
spreads its perpetual ermine, and in the vast
extent over which the ro?e chases the months
in their course. We are to develop the soil,
and upon it not wares and merchandise only,
but men and women also. To do that we
must feel we have a country. We must
dare to have an American policy. We must
bravely refuse to level down to the standard
of the Old World. We have done something
for the elevation of all men everywhere.
There is progress in Europe. Wages have ad-
vanced ; improvement has begun ; ideas are
fructifying. We can afford to adhere to a
policy which has wrought such good results.
Broad as is the sea, and attractive as is its mas-
tery, the possibilities of this continent in the
generations just at hand are even more daz-
zling, including more than the glories of Solo-
mon ; and to them commerce will come, like
the queen of Sheba, bearing all precious gifts.
PURELY COMMERCIAL NATIONS.
We must seek our first prosperity in home
productions, or we must enlist passionately in
a struggle with Britain for the control of the
ocean. The experience of merely commercial
uatious presents no allurements to me. I do
not disparage the importance of commerce ;
but prosperity based on foreign trade alone is
hollow and it is transient. Venice once ex"
changed the products of the world, and her
palaces were as numerous as her homes. The
base of the Alps gave her scanty crops; her
manufactures were curious, but they were not
diversified, and not useful for common life.
Now the winged lions of St. Mark watch
silent over the desolate bride of the Adriatic.
So commerce, starting from Tyre and Sidon,
touched as with a comet's glare both shores
of the Mediterranean and its classic isles, and
swept' upward on the 'west coast of Europe.
Do you lust for the brief splendors of Spain
and Portugal? Holland held the scepter
longer, for she had her own wares to trade
with. It has passed to the chief western isle
of Europe, and we envy the possession. Is
it accident, tell me, that ruin rests on Tyre ;
that the brigands bring terror to the Piraeus;
that Genoa sends no ships to the continent her
son discovered; that Spain and Portugal for-
get the energy of Ferdinand and Isabella;
that Holland has no successor to Van Tromp ?
Does the wail of fate mingle with the proud
boast that '■ Britaunia rules the wave 1"
THE SECRET OP LONG NATIONAL LIFE.
Nations exist which were venerable and
grand in power before Greek triremes met the
Persians at Salamis, or Roman galleys crossed
to Carthage, or bolder navigators passed the
pillars of Hercules. Criticise oriental civili-
zation as you please, China and Japan have
endured, and duration is one quality of gran-
deur. Both nations have cultivated agriculture
and manufactures at home. They have been
narrow in views; that we should not be. They
have been self-supporting and independent in
resources; that we may easily become.
In the pride of youth our civilization forgets
the best lessons of the far-distant past. He-
cent experience in Europe warns us to beware
of coming change. Look beyond and we may
learn the secret of Jong lite. We are too
proud to learn of China and Japan, as my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Burchard]
intimates. Well, the pyramids do not bow
before Our arrogance, and the gloriea of Egypt
may well awe the self-assertion of young
America. Forty Centuries of national life are
grandeur itself. Thirteen hundred years of
Hebrew sojourn are an episode in Eg^ptiau
history. The huge statues of the kings who
were contemporary with Abraham remain to
lell us of the mighty force of that empire. Its
architecture was titanic; its arts include many
lost to ns. Concede that our life has much
superior to its own. I would purchase the
secret of duration. To the noble, generous
strength of the Republic I would add length
of days. The bite of the asp brought to
Cleopatra sudden death. May we not from
the mysterious depths of Egyptian history, its
hieroglyphics and its tombs, learn the weird
method of long national life'? Let the student
ponder well whether it was not in its self-
supporting industry, in agriculture that fed all
its own people, in manufactures that needed
no foreign aid. The sphinx may refuse an
answer, but the inquiry continually returns.
MAKING WARES BETTER THAN EXCHANGING THEM.
Let us draw no broad generalizations even
from concurrent history. Let us not see
in the white wings of commerce the shadow
of national death. On the contrary, the ship
freighted with a country's own industry is one
of the noblest of its achievements. Floating
like a feather in the wrath of mid-ocean, with
its tires flaming and its engines wrestling, it is
one of the culminations of human power. It
may achieve real and valuable production.
Commerce has mingled nations, advanced
letters and culture and art, extended knowl-
edge of elements, and taught diversified pro-
cesses of manufacture. But exchange pre-
supposes objectsof exchange. Jt can have no
broad seope except when based upon agri-
culture and manufactures. Give men wares
and money, and they will be sure to trade.
The difficulty is to get the wares and the
money. The secret of prosperity is not to
exchange wares, but to make them.
CONSTRUCT A SELF-SUPPORTING REPUBLIC.
That nation will endure which has the roots
of its prosperity in its own soil. Strength on
the ocean is as unstable as the element itself.
That resource which is faraway is by so much
uncertain aud transient. Plant your wealth
and power on our own domain. Let them
spread broad as yon will, and graft them with
all pleasant fruits. Let all singing birds rest
in their branches, and all birds of passage come
and go from their genial, shade.
In a word, feed and clothe and house your
people by the work of their own hands. Build
up a self-supporting nation. Construct a
Republic which, if worse come to worst, c±n
live without a nail or a shoe, a coat or a book
brought from outside of its boundaries; so
independent it can dictate its own trade. Then
commerce will wait upon its wealth and will
do homage to its power.
WE MUST NOT PARODY BRITAIN.
Clearly, our business is not to parody the
career of Britain. The individual who imi-
tates another is weak and contemptible. So
a nation will be that fails to be itself. We
must mark out our own path and walk in it.
I do not fail in appreciation of the lessons of
British history. Its example of monarchy is
a warning to us. So the invitation to adopt
the British financial policy is a strong argu-
ment for avoiding it.
By the magic of figures, by the eloquence
of contrast, gentleman urge us to abandon
our traditional system of fostering home in-
dustry, and, like Britain, seek foreign com-
merce, and then wiit great wealth accrue
unto us.
OUR IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.
_ The advocates of radical change in our finan-
cial policy warn us that danger confronts us
because our imports increase, because the
balance of trade is against us, and because,
as they aUege, our exports do not increase in
proper ratio.
Mr. ex-Commissioner Wells, in his essay
for the Cobden Club, puts this charge into
definite form. These are Mr. Wells's words :
"As might naturally have been expected, from
the greatly increased cost of production recently ex-
perienced m the United States, the country has be-
come one of the very best of markets for foreign pro-
duce to sell in, but one of the very poorest to buy
from; and as a consequence, imports of late years
have tended to increaso without a corresponding
increase of ordinary domestic products. Thus in
1860, the imports (excluding coin and bullion) were
$353,616,000, (total $373,100,000,) or at the rate of
$11 22per capita of the whole population; and the
exports and reexports (excluding coin and bullion)
were $317,557,000, or atthe rate ot §10 08 pc>■ capita.
however,.the imports (exclusive of coin and
bullion) were $ol9,o93,000, or $13 68 per capita,- and
the exports and reexports (gold valuation, and ex-
cluding com and bullion,) were $412,960,000, or $11 97
per capita." * * * " In these fifsures,
therefore, we have the most conclusive evidence
that tho change in American industry in conse-
quence of the war and its accompanying legislation
has been in the direction of an impairment rather
than increase of ability to compete successfully with
loreign nations."
Let us turn to the official figures of our for-
eign trade:
