1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
happen that some clumsy hand writes " coun-
terfeit" over a good bill; but that it then
goes to the bank of issue, or is returned to
the Treasury of the United States, and is
pronounced by experts to be a good bill.
But, if it is returned to the bank of issue,
and it comes back to the Treasury of the
United States, and is pronounced by experts
to be a good bill, there is some temporary
inconvenience and loss to the holder of the
note; it is not a heavy loss; he has his
remedy in the courts. There is no serious
danger of injury to private rights under this
bill. I have examined the statute of the State
of Massachusetts, which I believe was origin-
ally drafted by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Banking and Currency, [Mr.
Hooper,] and gentlemen from Massachusetts
tell me that that law has worked only good
there ; the gentleman from Michigan also tells
us that a similar law has worked well in his
State. Experience is everything. It is easy
to make theoretical difficulties about the effect
ot such a law, but, as several States have tried
this law and find that it works well, find that
it protects the people against the circulation
of spurious notes, I think that is better than
any theory of possible harm that may grow
out of a bill of this kind.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it does seem to us as if
we were sometimes in danger of reaching a
state of things in this country in which wo
should not dare to write false upon what is
false, and true upon what is true. X do not
wish to see such a state of things as that ; I
do not want the distinction between right and
wrong to be lost to the country ; I do not want
popular sense demoralized in this respect; I
do not like the manner in which men do
their business so loosely. I have heard a busi-
ness man say: " I suppose this is a counter-
feit note, but it will pass just as well." I do
not like to see the moral standard lowered. I
wish to see our people treat things as they are.
I want to see the false treated as talse, and the
true treated as true; and if we begin here by
saying in this Hall that it is not a matter of
any great consequence whether we distinguish
between what is genuine and what is counter-
feit, we aid in demoralizing the moral sense of
the country, and in making the people feel that
it is a matter of small consequence. Let us
make the distinction ; let us not be afraid to
authorize the officers of banks when they find
a miserable, palpable counterfeit, to stamp its
real name upon it.
Mr. BANKS. Who pays the loss?
_Mr. MONROE. If the bill is a counterfeit
it is not much loss.
Mr. BANKS. Does the man lose it who
stamps it?
Mr. MONROE. If the bill is a genuine bill,
it comes to the Treasury, where its true char-
acter is ascertained and marked.
Mr. BANKS. But who suffers the loss in
case it is stamped counterfeit?
Mr. MONROE. If the bill is a genuine bill,
there is nothing lost.
Mr. BANKS. Butif it is stamped as coun-
terfeit, who suffers the loss? •
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to move the previous question on the bill,
but before doing so I will yield a moment to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Monroe] and to
other gentlemen of the committee for the ex-
planation that they have given of this bill. It
is entirely proper that when a bill of this char-
acter comes before the House explanations
should be demanded and given. This is all I
have sought, and I rise now not to oppose it,
but to repel most energetically the inference
that may be drawn from the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, that whoever is opposed
to the action by the Government on this sub-
ject is therefore to be spoken of as one who is
opposed to making a distinction between right
and wrong.
Mr. MONROE. I had no intention of con-
veying any such impression.
_ Mr. POTTER. But when we ask explana-
tion as to the powers conferred by this bill the
gentleman says that what is false ought to be
stamped as false, as if one who hesitated at
having Government undertake the correction
of wrong was therefore in favor of the wrong.
Par from it. It is because I believe that
the tendencies of the time to centralize in
the hands of Government every power, inter-
fere with every action, and protect in every
detail of life can only finally result in loading
Government with more than it can possibly do,
and thus result in the confusion of right and
wrong, that X hesitate at each new measure to
clothe Government with new powers.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Monroe,] by implication at least, insin-
uated that those of us who were opposed to
this bill were in favor of the circulation of
counterfeit money. [Laughter.]
Mr. MONROE. I disclaim any such inten-
tion. ,
Mr. COBURN. I am not at all out of
humor about it. I only want to suggest this
to the gentleman, that if he makes a prom-
issory note, and it should go into circulation
as the property of somebody, and I saw fit
to destroy it, I would be doing the work of
a counterfeiter. And I say that any man
that defaces the face of a good bill, which is
the property of another, does the very act of
forgery. And this bill authorizes men who
are not officers of the Government, private
individuals who may or may not be experts, to
do that very thing.
Mr. MONROE. The bill does not authorize
anybody to write "counterfeit" on the face
of a good bill.
Mr. COBURN. It amounts to a destruc-
tion of the value of that note, and it is just
as bad as if it was torn up. These men who
are bank officers may or may not be experts.
If we pass a law providing that men perfect
in their knowledge of these bank notes shall
decide whether they are counterfeit or not, I
would not object. I am as much opposed as
the gentleman himself can be to the circula-
tion of counterfeit money. We had occasion,
in the Committee on Banking and Currency
last year, to investigate this question, and I
satisfied myself then that the passage of such
a bill as this would be putting too much
authority" in the hands of these men.
Mr. POTTER. Who can better tell what
are counterfeits, and exercise the authority
conferred by this bill, than bank officers ; and
who know more about such things ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I must
insist upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 65, noes 66 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Coburn were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 56.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COBURN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 87, nays 96, not voting 57 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barry, Beveridge,
Bingham, Austin Blair.George M.Brooks, Buckley,
Bumnton, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler, Freeman
Clarke, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Crocker, Dawes.
Dickey, DuBose, Duell, Dunneli, Earnes, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garfield, Hale, Ilambleton, Handley,
Hanks, llarmer. Harper, Gerry W. Hazelton. John
W. Ha,zelton, Hibbard, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kctcham, Killinger, Lamport,
Lynch, Maynard, Mercur, Merriam, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers, Kegley, Niblack,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron
P. Perry, Peters, Porter, Potter, Price, Edward
Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William It. Roberts,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield. Seeley, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boaidman Smith,
John A. Smith, Starkweather. Stoughton, Strong,
Sutherland, Turner, Twichell, Upson, Wakeman,
Wallace, Wheeler, Willard, and Joan T. Wilson—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Aoker, Adams. Archer, Arthur,
Barber. Barnum. Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bird,
James G. Blair, Boles, Braxton, James Brooks, Bur-
dett, Caldwell, Carroll, Coburn, Oomingo, Conger,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Crossland, Darrall, Donnan,
Eldredge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Charles
Foster, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith,
Haldeman, Halsey, George E. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hawley, Hay, Herndon, Holman. Kendall, Lam-
ison, Leaeh, Lewis, Lowe, Manson, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McIIenry,
Mclntyre, McJunkin, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin
3?. Meyers, Morgan, IsaacC. Parker,Peck, Eli Berry,
Rainey, Read, John M.Rice. Robinson, Sherwood,
Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Snyder. Thomas J.
Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Swann. Taife, Terry,
Thomas, Tuthill, Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
dell, Walden, Waldron, Warren, Whitthorne, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—96.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Biggs,
Bright, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Coghlan, Cot-
ton. Creely, Critcher, Tbivis, ])e Large, l)ox, Duke,
Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Hancock,
Havens, Hays, Hereford, Hill, Kerr, King, Kinsella,
Lansing, McKee, MeKinney, Morey, Morphis, Orr,
Hosea W. Parker, Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Randall,
Ritchie, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sessions, Shanks, Wor-
tllington C. Smith, Snapp, It. Miltou Spoer. Sprague,
Storm, Stowell, St.John. Sypher, Dwisht Towrisend,
Washington Townsend, Voorhees, Wails, Wells,
Whiteley, and Young—57.
So the House refused to order the bill to be
engrossed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COX changed his vote from the affirm-
ative to the negative.
After the announcement of the result as
above recorded,
Mr. COX said : I now move to reconsider
the vote last taken, having changed my vote
for that purpose.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I believe this House would pass
this bill if it could be debated more fully.
Mr. COBUKN. I object to debate.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana not to urge the motion to lay on the table,
but let us have an opportunity to debate this
bill at a future time. I believe we can con-
vince the gentleman from Indiana that it is a
good bill.
Mr. COBURN. I think we understand the
matter very well already.
Mr. COX. I move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency.
There being no objection, the motion of Mr.
Cox was agreed to ; and the bill was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
clearing-house exchanges.
Mr. MERRIAM, from the Committee on
Banking and Currency, reported back, with
amendments, a bill (H. R. No. 166S) to facili-
tate bank clearing house exchanges.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill, with the amendments of the commit-
tee, will be considered as an original bill.
There was no objection.
The bill (H. R. No. 1764) was read. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive United States notes on deposit without
interest from the national banks in the cities
of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago,
St. Louis, and Cincinnati, in sums not less than
$10,000, and to issue certificates therefor in
such form as the Secretary may prescribe, and
in denominations of not less than $5,000,
which ceitilicates shall be payable on demand
in United States notes at the place where the
deposits therefor were made. The second sec-
tion provides that such certificates shall be held
and counted by said banks as part of their legal
reserve, and be used by them in the settlements
of their clearing-house balances. The tliii'd sec-
tion provides that nothing contained in this act
shall be construed to authorize any expansion
or contraction of the currency.
Mr. MERRIAM. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
