I"'1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3033
a year beyond the termination of the
: existing contract, and to augment the subsidy
for three and a quarter years at the rate of
$500,000 a year, making nearly five million
I- dollars of excess of taxation.
f Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator understates
: the amount. The precise amount is five mil-
| lions. He had better get exactly the precise
amount of subsidy voted. This amendment
!- is five millions.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is just $4,875,-
. 000, according to the honorable Senator's
figures. But take it at $5,000,000. Now,
' what are the exigencies demanding a tax on
, the people of the United States of $5,000,000?
It is perfectly patent to the whole world that
this company has prepared and is about to
put on this additional service, about to put
on additional ships. It has not, been gainsaid
that under their existing contract they will
have to carry the mail semi-monthly if they
put on the ship; I take this for granted. It is
: a general rule of the Department that when
they make a contract for monthly service,
or weekly service, or semi-weekly service, it
the contractor puts on additional vehicles for
carrying the mail the Post Office Department
have a right to throw their mails on those
vehicles for the extra service. Then it is a
proposition to pay these men five million
dollars for nothing. They have already adver-
tised their ships for the semi-monthly voy-
ages, naming the day of the departure of their
ships; but lest this advertisement might defeat
their application for additional subsidy they
withdraw their advertisement, resciud their
general order, and wait for these five millions.
They can well afford to suspend putting on
these ships for a month or two for five mil-
lions of extra bounty. This is being done
without any statement of facts requiring it.
There has been no statement here on the part
of the chairman of the Post Office Committee
saying that it is needed for that service.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly the Senator
knows that the Post Office Committee have
for three successive years reported in favor
of this appropriation.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not needed. I hold
in my hand the law that authorizes the Post-
master General to contract with any ship to
carry the mail for the ocean postages, and no
ship, I venture to say, has ever refused to
carry the mail for the ocean postages. If
these ships are put on they can be compelled
to carry the mails for the cost of carrying the
mails at the rate agreed upon between our
countries and foreign countries.
There is therefore no necessity for this sub-
sidy growing out of the Post Office service;
there is none growing out of the war service.
If these ships are put on they will not be war
vessels ; they will be unfit for war vessels ex-
cept as transports. Everybody knows this.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs would not propose to build such
ships as these for the American Navy. It
requires avery different style of ship to standits
ground in aline ofbattle. They can be used for
transportation and possibly may carry light
guns; and if we should want them they can
be taken by the Government just as ships
heretofore have been taken and paid lor.
You gain nothing under that head. You gain
nothing under the claim of promoting or
advancing our commercial interests. This
company have proposed to put on these addi-
tional ships, have advertised the time of leav-
ing port; but, they conclude if Congress is
blind enough to give them a donation of
$5,000,000 to receive it. No one can blame
them for taking the subsidy if Congress is
blind enough to vote it. But what surprises
me is that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, who is usually so careful in his
watchfulness over the Treasury, should con-
sider this proposition so perfectly innocent in
its character.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
" to.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to offer another
amendment, a verbal one. In line twenty,
page 7, I move to strike out the words " upon
payment" and to insert "and in such case
pay."
The question arose in the mind of some of
the committee whether upon the words as they
stand the Government could take these ves-
sels without making prepayment. We do not
desire that to be done, but by inserting the
words "and in such case pay," it will be clear
that where the Government takes these ves-
sels they may pay what they are reasonably
worth, the pay to come after the vessels are
used.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I have one more amend-
ment to propose, to strike out, commencing in
line twenty-one, all after the word " and " to
the end of the clause. That is inserted already
in the written amendment which has been
made, and as matter of form I move to have
it stricken out. The words are :
And the contractors shall agree to carry the United
States mails, withoutfurther charge, upon thesteam-
ers they may run upon said line or any part of it, or
any branch or extension thereof, beyond Yokohama
in any direction.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer an amend-
ment to come in immediately after theameud-
ment of my colleague :
Provided, That the seamen employed by said line
shall be citizens of the United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from New Jersey that the subject is perhaps a
little larger than his amendment. For some
reason satisfactory to Congress, as long ago
as 1864 the then existing laws of Congress
in regard both to officers and seamen of mer-
chant ships were repealed or greatly changed.
I have an amendment here the effect of which
is to restore, so far as these steamers to which
we may give subsidies are concerned, the laws
as they existed before that change.
The amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey points in the right direction. The only
defect it has, if it has any, is that it does not
cover the whole subject. I move an amend-
ment here which I think will be satisfactory
to that Senator and will cover the subject. I
think with that Senator that we should be con-
sidering now whether we ought not to restore
as soon as possible the old policy of the coun-
try in regard t,o the officers and seamen of our
merchant ships. If we expect to preservethe
race of our sailors we must do it. If the Sen-
ator from New Jersey will indulge me long
enough to look for my amendment, I will find
it in a few minutes. Meantime I ask to have
the amendment read in regard to the China
mail line as it now stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I send up the amend-
ment of which I just spoke.
The Chief Clei-k read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
That the act of June 28, 1864, entitled "An act
repealing certain provisions of law concerning sea-
men on board the public or private vessels of the
United States," is hereby repealed, and the acts and
parts of acts repealed by said act a,re hereby revived
and declared to be in fall force: Provided, That in
all cases the officers of public or private vessels of
the United States shall be citizens of the United
States, and that persons of foreign birth who have
according to law declared their intention to become
citizens of the United States ma) be employed as
though they were citizens within the meaning of
this act, or of the act or acts specified in said act of
June 28,18C4.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a general law,
and cannot be put on this bill.
Mr. WEST. I would ask the Senator from
California whether that proposition intends to
apply to the commercial marine of the United
States generally, or only to these ships ?
Mr. CASSERLY. It does intend to apply to
the commercial marine of the United States
generally, and I think it should.
Mr. WEST. I should hesitate very much
to oppose the principle the Senator from Cali-
fornia suggests, but it will strike the Senate at
once that this is not in accordance with the
rule we have adopted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no ob-
jection to the proposition of the Senator from
California, but I think it will involve the sub-
ject ; and the simple amendment which I have
introduced answers the purpose here, and at
some other time these laws can be reviewed
Ann On
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask then to have the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
read. As I heard it read it struck me as being
quite imperfect.
Mr. POMEROY. Is the amendment in
order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of
order is raised by the Senator from Kansas.
Unless the Senator from New Jersey accepts
the modification by unanimous consent, the
Chair cannot entertain the motion of the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey be so
amended as to embrace those who have de-
clared their intention t,o become citizens, who
have always been treated in our commercial
laws as citizens.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no objec-
tion to adding after the words "citizensof the
United States," the words " or those who have
declared their intention to become such."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from California
is in the third degree, and clearly cannot
be entertained unless the Senator from New
Jersey accepts it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I so intended it, and never
had any other idea. I wished the Senator from
New Jersey to accept my amendment. It is in
the same direction with his own. The only
difference is that I think my amendment car-
ries out more fully the intention.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 have no objec-
tion to accepting the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California, but any other Senator is
at liberty to object to entering into that sub-
ject and introducing it on this appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Kansas to make
a point of order under the new rule. If the
Chair is called upon to rule on that he will do
so. Does the Senator from Kansas persist in
his point of order ?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is—
" No amendment to any such bill making legisla-
tive previsions, other than such as directly relate to
the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received."
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good. Let me say
that I understood that question to be practi-
cally decided the other way by the Senate yes-
terday. There was no vote taken, but, I think
there was a general concurrence in the idea
that so long as the amendment offered did re-
late to an appropriation in the bill it was not
objectionable, if the strict construction put
upon that rule is correct, namely, that there
shall be no amendment received unless it re-
lates directly to the appropriation in the sense
that it must be an amendment bearing directly
on the appropriation, then there is no power
in the Senate to amend an appropriation bill
except by raising the appropriations or dimin-
ishing them. Is it so intended by that rule;
or if that rule has any such intention will not
the Senate change it?
