1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
bj this House in the Virginia case of Bossefc
vs. Bailey, (1 Election Cases, p. 255,) and I am
not aware that the rule has ever since been
disturbed. On the contrary, the rule was ex-
pressly adhered to, and judicially applied, by
the majority report of the Committee of Elec
tions, and by-this House, as late as 1866, in
the Pennsylvania case of Coffroth vs. Koontz.
(Digest Election Cases, p. 30.) To that report
Ifind affixed the signatures of two gentlemen of
great distinction and ability, then and now
members of this House, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] and in
that report, which was adopted by the House,
they say:
"The majority of the committee fully ooncur
in this opinion of the Baid attorney general of
Pennsylvania, and consider a return, certified by
a majority of the county return judges, as a good
and valid return." * * * * "But it is
claimed, on the part of Mr. Koontz, not only that
the act of the majority of the return judges in cer-
tifying: these returns from Adams and Bedford is
void, but that the Committee of Elections and the
House, in this investigation of the#Wwia/ae^e right
to the seat, may not, only go behind these returns
from Adams and Bedford, but also, in effect, behind
the unanimous returns of all the other counties of
Franklin, Fulton, and Somerset, so far as the sol-
diers'vote is concerned, The statement of such a
proposition on an investigation of this kind would
seem to be sufficient for its own refutation. It
would be attempting to hear the case on the merits,
without giving the claimants the opportunity of
presenting their evidence in full, would be utterly
disregarding all credentials, and would obliterate
all distinction between a prima facie right on the
certificates and gapers from the proper certifying
officers, and a claim founded on the merits in a full
hearing of all the evidence that might be adduced
by either claimant in support of his claim.
"It should be borne in mind that by the resolution
of the House referring this case to the committee, the
committee are restricted in their first examination
and report to the prima facie right of either claim-
ant to the seat; and the committee are to determine
this from the certificates and papers referred to them,
including always the admission of the claimants
themselves before the committee; but only thot>e
papers are to be considered which come from the
proper certifying officers, and which those officers
are authorized by law to make, and also which are
pertinent to the case.
"From the legal certificates and returns of the
district and county boards of return judges in this
case, nothing appears in relation to the rejection of
any soldiers' votes, and those who allege such rejec-
tion are compelled to look outside of these certifi-
cates and returns, and resort to papers and state-
ments, which are not legitimate evidence on this
investigation, and which, without further proof,
would few, if any of them, beevidenoeof themselves
on the hearing of a contest on the merits."
And again in the Kentucky case, in 1867, of
Blakey vs, Golladay, (Digest Election Cases,
p. 417,) the committee and the House say by
the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes:]
"In this the claimant has, in the opinion of the
committee, wholly mistaken the functions of the
board of canvassers. The sole duty of the board is
to ascertain the result when the polls closed on the
day of election. They can in no way or particular
change or alter that result, but only ascertain and
make itknown." * * * * "The cer-
tificate is not his title to his seat, but simply one
form of evidence thereof. (Cushing's Parliamentary
Assemblies, 1050.)"
It is, however, by this extraordinary exec-
utive process of counting out 8,990 votes
returned for Giddings, and counting out only
1,985 votes returned for Clarke, that his Ex-
cellency the Governor reduces Giddings's vote
to the minority, and enlarges Clarke's vote to
the majority, whereon he bases the following
certificate :
Govesnok's Office, Austin,
November 15,1871,
This is to certify that on comparison of the returns
of votes cast at an election held in tho third congres-
sional district of the State of Texas on the 3d, 4th,
5th, and 6th of October, A. I). 1871, provided for by
joint resolution of the Legislature of said State
of Texas, as approved Mav 2,1871,1 find that Hon.
William T. Clarke was duly elected to represent the
said congressional districtof the State of Texas in the
Congress of the United States for the term commenc-
ing on the 16th day of March, A. D. 1871, and ending
March 3, 1873.
In giving this certificate, 1 wish to call attention
to the attached certified statement of the vote cast
in the third district, as returned, with grounds for
rejecting certain returns. This is explanatory of
my reasons lor giving the foregoing certificate of
election. According to my opinion, the numerous
irregularities and instances of fraud and violence
during the election in the third district, reported
and proved to my satisfaction, would rather war-
rant anew election than the giving of a certificate
to either party. I have felt constrained by my
interpretation of the provisions of the State law on
the subject of elections to reject many returns, and
would have thought it morejust to regard the elec-
tion as a nullity. Yet the act of Congress of May,
31,1870, section twenty-two, seems to require that
I should give a certificate to one of the candidates.
In testimony whereof, I have caused the great
seal of the State to be affixed, at the city of Austin,
the date herein first above written.
EDWARD J. DAVIS, Governor.
By the Governor:
J. E. OLDRIGHT,
Acting /Secretary of State.
Obviously, on the face of this paper, judged
exclusive of the certified statement to which
it refers, it is not only unusual in form, but
repugnant in substance, and vicious, contra-
dictory, and absurd in the aspect of a certifi-
cate of election to establish prima facie title
to a seat in this House. And like a return
which is absolutely and irreconcilably repug-
nant on its face, it must be held to be utterly
void. In the first paragraph it is affirmed that
W. T. Clarke has been duly elected; in the
second, that by reason of fraud and violence,
he (the Governor) is not warranted in giving
a certificate of election to either party, that
there has been no fair election, that Clarke has
not been duly elected, and that the facts war-
rant anew election; but, notwithstanding there
has been no fair election, nobody elected, no-
body entitled to the certificate, and fraud and
violence at the polls, that the act of Congress
of May 81, 1870. seems to require him to give
a certificate of election to one of the candi-
dates 1
Such is the Governor's idea of the genius
and morality of the act of Congress. Is this
House prepared to indorse his construction
of that act?
In the first paragraph the Governor proceeds
to certify that Clarke was duly elected. Now,
the Governor is not required, is not author-
ized bylaw, upon any occasion so to certify. It
is the settled doctrine, recognized again and
again by this House, in numerous reported
cases, that the State law is the rule of the House
for the verification and authentication of prima
facie, title to a seat in the House j and I pre-
sume it will not be controverted that under the
fifth section of the first article of the Federal
Constitution this House is,legally competent to
give validity to the rule. (Wright vs. Puller,
2 Election Cases, p. 156.)
Now, the State law of Texas provides that
a copy of the certificate of the returns of the
election entered of record by the secretary
of State, signed by the Governor and sub-
scribed by those officials, shall be sent to this
House, directed to the Cl rk thereof, and I
respectfully submit that such verification and
authentication is found, substantially, in the
certified statement referred to therein, signed
by the acting secretary of State. I submit
the correct practice is, that if a return is good
in substance, it is not to be impeached or set
aside by want of form, or for surplusage in
matter.
Both in the first and second paragraphs of
the Governor's certificate he appears to labor
under the hallucination that he is a judicial
officer of election—a sort of Star Chamber,
Venetian Doge, or tertium quid!—with ple-
nary authority to revise and reverse the voters
atthepolls, the judicial acts of thejudges of the
election, and, overriding all, actually nominate,
appoint, and accredit his Representative upon
the door of the House to the exclusion of the
Representative of the people, duly qualified and
elected according to law.
This is not, cannot, ought not, it is for this
House to say shall not, be law. Sanctioned
and enforced by centra! power it would prove
fatal to representative government, and poison
at its source the fountain of popular suffrage.
The right of citizens of the united States, so
sanctified and canonized in latter-day amend-
ments, ought not to be so denied or abridged.
In the language of a committee of this House,
in their report in a celebrated case of a recent
date—
" No fraud"—
I add, whether actual or constructive—
"should ever be sanctioned. When fraud appeals it
should defeat all who seek to take advantago of it
or attempt to shelter themselves behind it. In the
eyo °,ltKe law  fraud spoils everything it touches;
even the broad seal of a commonwealth is crumbled
into dust, as against the interest designed to be de-
frauded. It is not protected by record, judgment, or
decree, butwhenever and wherever it is detected its
disguises fall from around it, and it stands exposed
to the rebuke and condemnation of the law.'Fos-
ter vs. Covode, Digest Election, Gases, p. 522.
The first paragraph of the certificate (dated
November 15, 1871) given to Herxdon of the
first district, and who has just been seated by
the House on the recommeudationof the com
mittee, is substantially identical with the first
paragraph of the certificate in the case of the
third district. And having certified therein
that Herndox was "duly elected," in the sec-
ond paragraph the Governor solemnly avers
"there was not a fair election in that district,
and it should be set aside," and proceeds:
" Bat I consider that I have no option under the
act of Congress of May 31,1870, section twenty-two,
but must give the certificate to thecandidate having
the largest number of votes returned here according
to the forms of law."
On the same day, in Clarke's certificate, in
the third district, the Governor had deliber-
ately affirmed that, the act of Congress of May
31, 1870, "seems to require that I should give
a certificate of election to one of the candi-
date'." If, as affirmed by the Governor in the
Herndou certificate, in the first district •' he
had no option, but was compelled by the act of
Congress to give the certificate to the candi-
date having the largest number of votes returned
her<> according to the forms of law," instead
of "to one of the candidates," it is apparent,
on the face of the certified statement of returns
in the third district, referred to by the Gov-
ernor, that he should have given the certificate
in the third district to Giddings and not to
Clarke. And I confess I am unable to see
how the opposite course pursued by the Gov-
ernor is to be reconciled with the considera-
tions which, to my mind, ought to have gov-
erned his action in the premises.
Where, as in the twenty-third section of the
act of August 15, 1870. the language of the
statute expressly enumerates the persons and
means by which the election of a particular
officer is to be verified, all other or different
persons and means are necessarily excluded.
The section referred to specifically covers the
case of members-elect to the Congress of the
United States. It expressly enumerates both
persons and means, and thete stops. Under
that section, and with reference to the returns
in congressional elections, the powers and
duties of the Governor, like those of the sec-
retary of State, are wholly and solely minis-
terial. No other official is associated with
them. They are absolutely alone in their
ministerial functions.
Now, as to the verification of the returns in
the election of State officers, a different rule is
prescribed in sections thirty-four and thirty-
five of the act, different both as to persons and
means, powers and duties. So, likewise, in
section forty-two of the act, as to the verifica-
tion of the returns in the election of city and
town officers. There are therefore three dis-
tinct classes of election returns, and throe dis-
tinct cla?ses of verifying officers, and three
distinct classes of verification defined and
prescribed in the statute referred to. And the
Legislature of Texas must be presumed to have
intended what they have so absolutely and
specifically expressed. We have nothing to
do with the wisdom or folly of the policy of
the act.
These three propositions, then, comprehend
the logical and consistent interpretation of the
act:
1. The persons as to the verification of re-
turns in congressional elections are the Gov-
ernoi and the secretary of State ; the means,
