8980
THE -CONGRESSEOITAL GLOBE.
May. 28,
that, next winter we may have the benefit of
its investigations; that we may then obtain
the aid of whatever information this board
feay meanwhile collect, and whatever in .the
iray of recommendation it may then be able
fo submit. This bill has the approval, I be-
lieve, of each of the officers named in the bill
a.s members of this board. As I have already
femarked, it adds no dollar of expense; but
it does create a board, in the first place, whose
facts will be invaluable in aiding Congress in its
legislation; and in the second place, invalu-
able in the moral force and power of its
recommendations, being composed as it will
be of four of the principal- officers of the
Government.
■ I hope, then, Mr. Speaker, without any fur-
ther remark, we may be permitted to strike
out all of this bill, so there will be no subsidy
in it and no question involved excepting the
creation now and here of aboard of American
commerce, so that when we meet again next
"winter we may have the benefit of the services
bf that board. I now ask that my friend's
motion to strike out may be perfected by
striking out all of' this bill but the first sec-
tion, which is the one creating a board of
commerce.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us hear the first
section read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the Clerk will
report the entire bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I only ask action
on the first, section of t.he bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. But let us hear the whole
bill, so we may see the connection.
- Mr. FINKELNBURG. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will permit me to ask him a
question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wiil hold the
floor while the gentleman asks his question.
■ Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Mr. Speaker, I do
not think we ought to act in such haste in a
matter of this importance. 1 have not had
time to give it that examination which it. de-
serves, but I will state frankly how it strikes
me. It strikes me as the introduction to a
general subsidy and tonnage bounty system.
1 know that the gentleman from Ohio is him-
self in favor of that policy, and if I am not
mistaken a majority of the board he proposes
to establish and which is named in this bill
has committed itself in favor of that system;
and it seems to me it is just paving the way
for that which is contained in the following
Sections. If tbe gentleman gets through his
proposition to strike out all but the first sec
tion, we know that the following sections are
the logical result of the first section, and will
be brought about hereafter if we pass this first
section now.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Wehave guarded
with all the care we can in order to prevent
any such conclusion. We have done all we
can to guard against the idea which the gen-
tleman from Missouri has just, expressed. In
order the better, however, to show that we do
not propose that which he has suggested, I
will move further to amend by inserting after
the word "enforce," "that this shall be in
accordance with existing law," so as to ex-
clude every possible conclusion that this is an
entering-wedge to anything else than the get-
ting of information and the recommendations
of these gentlemen for the benefit of our legis-
lation hereafter. Surely, my friend from Mis-
souri is not so hostile to this great interest of
our country that he is not willing to hear the
recommendations which now come to us in a
disjointed, fragmentary way in the various
reports of the Secretaries—he is not, I say,
so hostile to this peculiar interest as not to be
willing to have the full information and cohe-
rent recommendations which this board of
American commerce will be able to give us.
My friend is mistaken, because it takes no part
of the power of Congress away Qver this mat-
ter of subsidies, but simply proposes to give us
the facts upon which we are hereafter to iaet
if we are to act wisely as legislators. It
allows this information to be put in a form
whieh shall be valuable and practical.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is it not a fact that
a majority of the persons who are to. consti-
tute this board have put themselves already
upon record in favor of these subsidies?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I cannot answer
the gentleman. Some of them have. He
knows as well as I do. Surely, however,
when we propose to create a perpetual board
to live through all the years as the one has in
England through centuries, he will not be
afraid of the consequences of views to be en-
tertained by those now living. But Congress
will not in the least be deprived of its power
over the whole subject, aud nothing can be
done without congressional indorsement.
Mr. HOLMAN. Js not the first section
whieh is proposed to be passed now, to be fol-
lowed ultimately by the passage of the subse-
quent sections of the bill ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will answer
most frankly, that, so far as I am concerned, it
will not. There is no ulterior motive on the
part of the committee so far as I know, and
my colleague o'n the committee can speak of
that as well as I can. The committee have
no ulterior views about it except to bring for-
ward such aids to our commerce in the way of
intelligent informaiion as we can get. By
striking out all but the first section leaves
Congress wholly uncommitted on the question
of the policy of subsidies.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not however under-
stood that this hoard, or at. least the Secretary
of the Treasury, will recommend the passage
of a law embodying the subsequent sections
of the bill ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. As to that I will
answer the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] that he is in possession of the views
of the present Secretary of the Treasury as
fully as I am. I expect nothing in the premi
ses except the discharge of the duties pointed
out in the third section, the collection of in-
formation, and the making of reports through
the President.
I now call for a vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If my colleague
will allow me, I desire to make a suggestion.
There are now two offices in the Government
where statistics of this sort are being collected
regularly. One is in the State Department,
where information is obtained from consuls
and a book is published every year on our
commercial relations. The other is in our
Statistical Bureau of the Treasury Department,
where every year a large book is published
entitled "Commerce and Navigation."
It seems to me that if we are now to create
a board to take charge of the subject of sta-
tistics, we ought, not to add a third mode of
collecting and publishing statistics without
abolishing partly or altogether the other two.
We ought, in some way or olher to consolidate
under one head the collection of our commer-
cial statistics. It is almost a waste of money
to spend as we do a consideranle sum every
year in publishing two books which are in a
large measure duplicates of each other; and
it occurs to me that if my colleague would
provide that the publications hitherto known
as the Reports on Commerce, in the State De-
partment, and the further publication known
as the volume on Commerce and Navigation,
prepared in the Treasury Department, shall
hereafter be consolidated and published under
the direction of the board herein created—it
occurs to me that a provision of that sort,
which would put the whole matter of these
statistics in charge of this board, would result
in making a very valuable volume and would
save the expense of keeping up the two we
have already.
I have myself conversed with officers in the
State 'Department, as well as in the Treasury
Department, and they confess that it, is really
a waste of'taohey to Keep these" two establish-
ments publishing statistics on the same gen-
eral subject, and ' largely overlapping each
other. And if we now establish a third we
shall have triplicates to a great, extent of some
classes of statistics, and all published at the
expense of the Government. I make this
suggestion for my colleague's reflection.
Mr. FINKELNBCJRG. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry. This bill I believe
comes up on a motion to reconsider. Now,
if a motion is made to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table, will that leave the whole
matter in the power of the committee?
The SPEAKER. It will leave the whole
matter where it now is, in the committee.
' Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to make
that motion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to make a remark in reply to
my colleague [Mr. GakfieldJ before he makes
that motion.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I withdraw the
motion for the present,.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In regard to the
suggestion made by my colleague, ttiat statis-
tics are now being collecied having relation
to our commerce, 1 have two remarks to make.
One is this : that, this section, as the gentleman
will see, carefully provides that the bill shall
not interfere with or affect the discharge of
their duties on the part of consular and diplo-
matic agents of the United Stales. It leaves
their duties unaffected, so that all statistics
and information furnished by our cotisu'ar and
diplomatic service will still be cominued.
And I think it ought to be, because it i-i as
cheap, as authentic, and as valuable'a method
of collecting statistics as we can resort to.
And doubtless to this service, at least in part,
will the board of commerce look for informa-
tion.
Now, in regard to the expenses of printing;
to which my colleague has referred, surely the
matter of returning to Congress a simple re-
port by a board of commerce, bringing to-
gether in manageable eompass and intelligible
form the great body of statistics relating to
our commerce, in a pamphlet that* will occupy
perhaps twenty or thirty pages, once a year,
cannot involve an expense from which my
colleague will at all shrink.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; but I
want the information to be harmonious, and
all under one head.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. As to arranging
it so as to bring it all under one head, that is
a matter which can be attended to hereafter;
it is n.ot necessary that we should attend te it
at this particular time.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I desire to ask my
colleague a quesiion, if he will allow me.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. It, is, whether this
is not a matter of executive direction, so that,
the consolidation of the different, publications
could be effected without special b-giplation ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer the ques-
tion of my colleague, as I understand ii, m
the affirmative: that it is. The matter furnished,
by the consular and diplomatic agents of the
Government, and the publication thereof, is
underthe control of the executive department.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not want to detain the
House, and I will not do so. T hop« the Hou«e
will grant us now a vote directly on this import-
ant section.
Mr. FINKELNB[JRG. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Speaker state
what will be the effect of these motions?
_ The SPEAKER. If the motion to recon-
sider prevails, it will bring the bill before tho
House for consideration. If the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the tabie prevails,
it will leave the bill in the committee.
The question was put on Mr. Finkelxburg'S
motion; and there were—ayes 79, noes 45.
Mr. LYNCH. Task for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. We have given you half
