2,138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3.
substantial and workman-like manner, with all the
necessary draws, culvcrts, bridges, viaducts, cross-
ings, turn-outs, stations, and watering-places, and
all other appurtenances, including furniture and
rolling stock. And there shall be constructed a tel-
egraph line of the most substantial and approved
description, to be operated along the entire line:
Provided, That the said company shall not charge
the Government higher rates than they do individ-
uals for like transportation and telegraph service.
And it shall be the duty of the Great Salt Lake and
Colorado River Railway Company to permit any
other railroad which shall be authorized to be built
by the United States, or by the Legislature of any
State in which the same may be situated, to_ form
running connections with it on fair and equitable
terms. And if the companies cannot agree, the
Secretary of the Interior shall fix the terms.
Sec. 4. That the said railway company be, and is
hereby, authorized and empowered to enter upon,
purchase, take, and hold any lands or premises that
may be necessary and proper for the construction
and working of said road, not exceeding in width
one hundred feet on each side of the line of its rail-
road, unless a greater width be required for the pur-
pose of excavation or embankment, and also any
lands or premises that may be necessary and proper
ibr turn-outs, standing-places for cars, depots, sta-
tion-houses, or any other structures required in the
construction and working of said road. And the
said company shall have the right to cut and remove
trees and other material that might, by falling, in-
cumber its road-bed, though standing or being more
than two hundred feet from the line of said road.
And in case the owner of such lands or premises
and the said company cannot agrco as to the
value of the premises taken, or to be taken, for
the use of said road, the value thereof shall be de-
termined by the appraisal of three disinterested
commissioners, who may be appointed, upon appli-
cation by either party to any court of record in any
of the Territories in which the lands or premises to
to be taken lie; and said commissioners, in thoir
assessment of damages, shall appraise such prem-
ises at what would have been the value thereof if
tho road had not been built. And upon return into
court of such appraisement, and upon the payment
into tho same of tho estimated value of the premises
taken for the use and benefit of the owner thereof,
said premises shall be deemed to bo taken by said
company, which shall thereby acquire full title to
tho same for the purposes aforesaid. And either
party feeling aggrieved at said appraisement may,
within thirty days after the same has been returned
into court, file an appeal therefrom, and demand a
jury of twelve men to estimate the damage sus-
tained; but such an appeal shall not interfere with
the rights of said company to enter upon the prem-
ises taken, or to uo any act necessary and proper in
the construction of its road. And said party appeal-
ing shall give bonds, with sufficient surety or sure-
ties, for the payment of any cost that may arise upon
such appeal; and in caso the party appealing does
not obtain a verdict increasing ordimimshing, as the
case may be, the award of tho commissioners, such
party shall pay the whole cost incurred by the ap-
pelloe, as well as his own, and the payment into court,
for the use of tho owner of said premises taken, of a
sum equal to that finally awarded, shall be held to
vest in said company thotitleof said land and of tho
right to use and occupy thosamefor tho construction,
maintenance.and operation of saidroad. And in case
any party shall have a right or claim to any land for a
term of years, or any interest thorem, in possession,
reversion, orromaindor, the value of any such estate
less than a fee-simple shall be estimated and determ-
ined in the manner hereinbefore set forth. And in
caso it shall be necessary for tho company to enter
upon any lands which aro unoccupied, and of which
there is no apparentowner or claimant, it may pro-
ceed to take and use the samofor the purposes of
said railroad, and may institute proceedings, in
manner described, for tho purpose of ascertaining
the value of, and of acquiring title to, the same;
but the judge of the couit hearing said suit shall
determine the kind of notice to be served on such
owner or owners, and he may in his discretion ap-
point an agent or guardian to represent such owner
or owners in case of his or their incapacity or non-
appearance. But in case no claimant shall appear
•within six years from the time of the opening of
said road across any land, all claims to damages
against said company shall be barred. And said
company is authorized to issue its bonds to aid in
the construction and equipment of its road, and to
secure the, same by mortgage on its property and
rights of property of all kinds and descriptions, real,
personal, and mixed, including its franchise as a
corporation, not exceeding $40,000 per mile; and, as
proof and notice of its legal execution and effectual
delivery, said mortgage shall be tiled and recorded
in the office ot the feecretary ot the Interior.
Seo. 5. That the acceptance of the terms, condi-
tions. and impositions of this act bythesaid railway
company shall be signified in writing, under the
corporate seal of said company, duly executed pur-
suant to the direction of its board of directors first
had and obtained; which acceptance shall be made
within two years after the passage of this act, and
not afterward, and shall be filed iq the Depaitmeut
of the Interior; and said company shall have three
years' time in which to locate their line of road and
file their plats, and fifteen years' time to complete
the road from and after tho passage of this act.
Sec. 6. That all the people of the United States
shall liavc tho right to subscribe to the stock of the
said railway company until the whole capital named
in this* act of incorporation is taken up by complying
with tho termb of subscription.
Sec. 7. That said Salt Lake and Colorado River
railway, and every part thereof, shall be a post
route and a military road, subject to the use of the
United States for postal, military, naval, and all
other Government service, and also subject t,o such
regulations as Congress may impose restricting the
charges for such Government transportation.
Sec. 8. That the directors of said company shall
make an annual report of their proceedings and ex-
penditures, verified by the affidavits of the president
and at least six of the directors, and they shall, from
time to time, fix. determine, and regulate the fares,
tolls, and charges to be received and paid for trans-
portation of persons and property on said road, or
any part thereof.
Sec. 9 That the directors chosen in pursuance of
the first section of this act shall,so soon as may be after
their election, elect from their own number a presi-
dent and a vice president; and said board of directors
shall, from time to time, and so soon as may be after
their election, choosea treasurer and a secretary, who
shall hold their offices at the will and pleasure of
the board of directors. The treasurer and the secre-
tary shall give such bonds, with such security, as the
said board from time to time may require. Tho sec-
retary shall before entering upon his duty be sworn
to the faithful discharge thereof, and said oath shall
be made a matter of record upon the books of said
corporation. No person shall be a director of said
company unless he shall be a stockholder, and qual-
ified to vote for directors at the election at which he
shall be chosen.
Sec. 10. That the president, vice president, and
directors shall hold their offices for the period indi-
cated in the by-laws of said company, not exceeding
three years, respectively, and until others are chosen
in their place and qualified. Tn case it shall so hap-
pen that an election of directors shall not be made
on any day appointed by the by-laws of said com-
pany, the corporation shall not for that excuse be
deemed to be dissolved, but such election may be
holden on any day which shall be appointed by the
directors. The directors, of whom five, including
the president, shall be a quorum for the transaction
of business, shall have full power to make and pre-
scribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations as they
shall deem needful and propcrtouchmg the disposi-
tion and management of the stock, property, estate,
and effects of the company, the transfer of shares,
tho duties and conduct of their officers and servants
touching the election and meeting of the directors,
and all matters whatsoever which may appertain to
the concerns of said company; and the said board
of directors may have full power to fill any vacancy
or vacancies that may occurfrom any cau-?e or causes
from time to time in their said board. And thesaid
board of directors shall have power to appoint such
engineers, agents, and subordinates as may from
time to time be neccssary to carry into effcct the
object of the company, and to do all acts and things
touching the location and construction of said road.
Sec. 11. That it shall be lawful for the directors
of said company to require payment of tho sum of
ten per cent, cash assessment upon all subscriptions
received of all subscribers, and the balance thereof
at such times and in such proportions and on such
conditions as they shall deem to be necessary to
complete^ the said road and telegraph line within
the time in this act prescribed, after clue notice be-
ing given; and in case any stockholder shall ncglect
or refuse to pay in pursuance of such notice, the
stock held by such person shall be forfeited abso-
lutely to the use of the company, and also any pay-
ment or payments that shall have been made on
account thereof, subject to the condition that the
board of directors may allow the redemption on
such terms as they may prescribe.
Sec. ]£. That the better to accomplish the object
of this act. namely, to promote the public interest
and welfare by the construction of said railroad and
telegraph line, and keeping the same in working
order, and to secure to the Government at all times
(but particularly in time of war,) the use and bene-
fits of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses, Congress may at anytime, having due regard
for the rights of said Great Salt Lake and Colorado
Iliver Railway Company, add to, alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
Mr. DUNNELL. I desire to make a sin-
gle remark. The Committee on the Public
Lands, to which the bill was referred for
which this is offered as a substitute, endeav-
ored to so prepare the substitute as to protect
the Government and guard the rights of the
parties along the line of this road, in no way
wishing to conflict with any other road that
has been chartered by the territorial Legisla-
ture of Utah. It is willing to accept an amend-
ment which the Delegate from Utah has pre-
pared. We only desire this bill may be
regarded as well considered by the commit-
tee in all respects. It simply grants the right
of way from the Great Salt Lake to the mouth
of the Colorado river, some seven hundred
and fifty miles. It will connect the Southern
and the Northern Pacific railroads with the
Union Pacific. It is a great national thor-
oughfare. It is in the interest of that section
of country. It is in the interest of the whole
country. We simply give the right of way for
a hundred feet on each side of the road.
I now yield to the Delegate from Utah Ter-
ritory.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask a question. I
do not suppose that the gentleman from Utah
and the gentleman from Minnesota can fix up
this bill to suit themselves when it involves
some general principles in which we are all
interested.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will yield for a question.
Mr. COX. I should like to know whether
this till makes any grant of lands?
Mr. DUNNELL. There is no land ^ grant
further than a hundred feet oil each side of
the road.
Mr. HOLMAN. Audit grants forty acres
of land for each section and depot. Will the
gentleman accept an amendment limiting the
grant of land for depots and sections to so
many acres for each ten miles of length in the
main line of road? I propose to insert the
following words in line eleven, section four,
after the word " road
Not exceeding twenty acres for each ten miles in
length of the main line of said road.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will accept that amend-
ment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Holman was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield to the gentleman
from Utah [Mr. Hooper] to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I offer the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
authorize the Great Salt Lake and Colorado River
Railway Company to appropriate or destroy, or in
any way interfere with the track, road-bed, bridges,
telegraph lines, stations, depot grounds, or other
property of the Utah Southern Railroad Company,
a corporation created under the laws of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, for the
coiibtiuction of a railroad and telegraph from the
city of Salt Lake, in tho Territory of Utah, to Pay-
son City, in the said Territory.
Mr. SARGENT. That is right. The amend-
ment ought to be adopted. *
Mr.-DUNNELL. I yield to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I move the following
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Utah, [Mr. Hooper:]
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
considered as recognizing the authority of the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Utah to create a railroad
corporation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I cannot accept
that.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I would like to
say one word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Dunnell] is on the floor.
Mr. COX. I see the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] occupying it.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] occupies the floor by leave
of the gentleman from Minnesota, who has
reported the bill. The Chair would be glad
to recognize the gentleman from New ^ork
if the floor were given him.
Mr. COX. I ask no privileges.
Mr. DUNNELL. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman
from Minnesota will allow us to consider the
amendment to the amendment, which involves
a very great public principle as to the power
of a Territory to create a corporation. This
bill assumes on the part of Congress the
power to incorporate a great corporation by
the Federal Government, while this road runs
through Territories each of which may possess
the power to incorporate companies for this
very purpose. On these points we desire to
be heard.
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] for one moment.
Mr. COX. How long is that? [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, my fiiend from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] has made an objection to this bill
which needs to be considered by this House
carefully. We are asked to set a precedent
