1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
which I have called the attention of this House,
then it does confer a prima facie right upon
the party holding it. I say further, that the
legai question then presents itself, what is the
effect, the legal force, of these statements which
accompany the certificate, which, in my view
of the law, arfe purely gratuitous, purely volun-
tary statements on the part of the Governor?
It seems to me that tney are entitled to no
legal force whatever.
Now it has been said here that by the action
of the report of the committee a power is
conferred upon the Governor of a State which
is altogether dangerous. Admit that if you
please, and it is a controversy with the State
of Texas, and with the laws of that State. If
my view of this section be the correct view,
it involves an examination of the question
whether the returning officers have acted with-
in the law in making the examination they did
make, whether there was any authority in the
election law of Texas which gave them that
right. This provision of the law has been
referred to by my colleague on the committee,
but I beg to call the attention of the House
for one moment to the thirty* fifth section of
this law. By that section it is provided—
"That in compiling the returns the returning offi-
cer shall compile first the statements from all polls
or voting places at which there shall have been a
fair, free, and peaceable registration and election."
The returning officers referred to here are
the Governor and the secretary of State, and
not the local officers.
Then the section proceeds:
" "Whenever, from any poll or voting plaoe, there
shall be received the statement of anv registrar or
judse of election, in form as required in this act,
on affidavit of three or more citizens, of any riot,
tumult, acts of violence, intimidation, armed dis-
turbance, bribery, or corrupt influences, which pre-
vented, or tended to prevent, a fair, free, peaceable
and full vote of all qualified electors entitled to
vote at such poll or voting place, such leturning
officers shnll not canvass, count, or compile the
statement of votes from such poll or voting placo
until the statements from all other polls or voting
places shall have been canvassed and compiled.
The returning officers shall then proceed to invest-
igate the statements of not, tumult, acts of violence,
intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery, or corrupt
influences at any such poll or voting place; and if
from the evidence of such statements they shall be
convinced that such riot, tumult, acts of violence,
intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery, or cor-
rupt influences did not materially interfere with the
purity and ireedotn of tho election at such poll or
voting place, or did not prevent a sufficient number
of the qualified elector thereat ft orn voting, so as
materially to change the result of the election, then,
and not otherwise, said returning officers shall can-
vass and compilo the votoa of such poll and voting
place with those previously canvassed ami compiled;
hut if said returning officers shall not be tally satis-
fied thereof, it shall be their duty to examine fur-
ther testimony in regard thereto, and to this end
they shall have power to send for persons and
papers."
Now, then, the law of Texas confers this
authority upon the Governor and secretary of
State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him to ask
him a question?
Mr. HAZLETON", of Wisconsin. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is ob-
jected that the ecrtificate of the Governor
does not show that he had affidavits or proper
evidence on which to found his judgment.
Now, can the gentleman state whether it ap-
peared'before the committee or otherwise that
he had in fact that evidence, although it is not
returned ?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. There was
no statement that I know of made positively
on the part of Mr. Clarke before the commit-
tee to that effect; but I understand that after
the report of the minority of the committee
was sent to Texas a statement was forwarded
from the secretary of State to the chairman of
the Committee of Elections, which has been
Ifanded to me by the chairman, and which I
will read :
I am authorized by Governor Davis to say that
Clarke's certificate was made up from returns re-
ceived from judges of election, and proofs required
by law in every p NEW COMB.
Secretary of State.
Mr. ARTHUR. There was no such evidence
before the committee.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
This is dated January 10, 1872.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow another question?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Have you
any evidence at all as to the right of either of
these contestants for the seats, except the cer-
tificate of the Governor ?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. None,
whatever.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was that sent for
to-day?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. I am not
able to inform the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To whom is it di-
rected?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. To Mr.
George W. McCrary, chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee did
not have that testimony when they made their
report.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. They did
not. They acted simply upon the certificate of
the Governor, both in this case and in the case
of Herndon.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If that was not neces-
sary when the committee made their report,
why is it material now; why should the gen-
tleman introduce it now?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. The only
reason why it is material now is because of a
statement made in the minority report, which
has seemed to justify this statement,, contra-
dicting that allegation in the report of the
minority; in no other view is it at all material.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does my colleague, then,
claim that this telegram or communication
supplies a delect which existed in the testi-
mony before the committee?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. It does
not supply any detect in tho testimony, nor is
it necessary at all; but it is an answer to an
allegation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But there was no evi-
dence before the committee such as is con-
tained in that communication.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. Not at
all. The presumption, as it always is, was
that the officers bad acted within the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was there
any evidence before the committee to author-
ize the minority to make the statement that
the Governor had not had this evidence?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. None at
all, unless It was made in the argument of
counsel, and which was not adverted to specific-
ally in the reply of the opposing counsel.
Sir. MAYNARD. Is this dispatch the gen-
tleman has read genuine and authentic?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. I can
only answer that it was received by the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. It came through the
ordinary channel of telegraphic communica-
tion?
Air. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. Yes, and
I suppose it is authentic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCRARY. There is one rule which
has governed this House in all cases of this
kind, and which has never been departed from
except in one single instance; and I believe
no gentleman upon this floor will undertake
to justify the departure from the rule in that
instance. That rule is this: that whoever pre-
sents to this House such credentials as are
provided for by the law of the State is entitled
prima facie to a seat in the House, and shall
be sworn in pending any contest which there
may be with regard to the merits of the case.
That rule was overborne in one instance, but,
as I have said, nobody will undertake to justify
the action of the House in that case. In every
other case the rule has been adhered to, and I
trust it will be adhered to in this case. It is a
sound rule—a rule which is necessary to the
very organization of this House.
Now, if it be the rule to govern us in this
case, it leaves us but one question to consider ;
that is, whether the certificate presented here
by Mr. Clarke is such a certificate as the laws
of Texas provide for or authorize. The Com-
mittee of Elections have considered this ques-
tion with unusual deliberation. They have
heard learned counsel upon both sides: and
after the conclusion of the argument they con-
sumed one entire session in a discussion of the
case among themselves. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] seems to be of the
opinion, however, that he is the only gentle-
man who understands the law of Texas, and that
the majority of the committee are altogether
without proper information upon the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. McCrary] does not intend to mis-
represent me, I suppose. I have not assumed
anything of that kind.
Mr. McCRARY. I understood my friend
from Illinois to say that he had read the law
of Texas, and had done something more—had
understoodit, which was more thau the majority
of the committee had done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not say " the
committee." I was referring then to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who
charged that I had not read the law.
Mr. McCRARY. It is merely a question
whether the gentleman from Illinois under-
stands the law. or whether the majority of the
committee understand it. Perhaps I may have
misunderstood the gentleman ; but I under-
stood him to say that he had better informa-
tion upon this subject than the majority of the
committee.
1 undertake to say, Mr. Speaker, that this
certificate is such a certificate as the Governor
of Texas was authorized to give under the
statute of that State. I do not sav whether
the statute is wise or unwise. Gentlemen
here have adverted to the danger of placing
iu the hands of the officer of a State this
great power of passing upon the validity of
an election in any particular precinct. Sir,
it may bo a dangerous power. It is not
necessary that I should discuss the question
whether it is or is not. I apprehend, how-
ever, that no gentleman will deny that it is
within the power of any State Legislature to
provide by law that a State officer, or board
of State officers, shall exercise judicial power
in investigating and deciding upon the validity
of an election in any given portion of the State.
1 mav agree with gentlemen-on the other side
of this question that the Executive of a State
merely as an Executive—in his capacity of
Governor alone—has no power hut to certify
to the House the result of the election as ascer-
tained from the face of the returns presented
to him. I do not question that. What I con-
tend is, that it is within the power of a State
Legislature to create judicial tribunals to
investigate allegations of fraud, intimidation,
and violence affecting an election—to hear tes-
timony upon that subject, and after hearing it
to decide the question as to the validity of the
election, and rejcct returns which may be
found invalid; and such a tribunal, thus con-
stituted by a constitutional and valid statute,
having acted upon the question, having taken
testimony and decided in this particular case
that the election in two counties was fraud-
ulent and void, that decision is prima facie
correct; and so far as regards the prima facie
right to a seat in this House, it must control
that question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, did the board of return
officers under the statute of Texas have power
to investigate alleged frauds, and upon suit-
able testimony reject the vote of any pre-
cinct? If they had, then when they have
done so their acts are prima facie valid. This
question of course depends altogether upon
the construction of the statute. £ undertake
to say that by the thirty-fifth section of the
