1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
124S
The amendments were read, as follows:
Page 1, line one, after "Army," insert "superin-
tendent of the coast survey." _
Page 1, line nine, striko out to and including the
harbor at Georgetown," and insert " Georgetown to
the head of tide-water."
The amendments were concurred in.
lake michigan sfiip-oanal.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 381) extending the time for
the completion of the Green bay and Sturgeon
bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal, in the State
of Wisconsin ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It extends the time for
the completion of the Green bay and Sturgeon
bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal to the 10th
day of April, 1874.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire that that bill shall
be put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before final action is taken
on this bill, I wish to inquire if the subject has
been before the Committee on the Public
Lands ?
Mr. DUNNELL. In reply to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] I would
say that a bill precisely the same as this Sen-
ate bill has been before the Committee on the
Public Lands, and has received its approval.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume this is the first
application made for an extension of time.
Mr. SAWYER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the
two bills which have been pending, one yes-
terday and the other to-day, in reference to
the construction of canals in'the northwestern
section of the country, stand on a different
footing from these applications for an exten-
sion of time. While I do not myself favor the
extension of time in any of these instances,
yet I know the House is disposed to extend
the time where the work is proceeding in good
faith. I shall not, therefore, oppose this bill.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
julia a. smith.
The next business on the Speaker's table
wasabill (S. No. 423) for the relief of Julia
A. Smith ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay the sum of $B40 70 to
Julia A. Smith, administratrix of the estate of
the late Charles B. Smith, formerly receiver
of public moneys, acting as disbursing agent
at Brownsville, Nebraska, and appropriates
for that purpose the sum of $040 70 out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The House will
permit me to say, m regard to this bill, that
the appropriation it makes is in the appro-
priation bill now pending. I shall move that
this bill be passed, and will then strike the
appropriation out of the appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the claim been exam-
ined by the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It has.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is clearly a matter
which should not be in an appropriation bill,
if it is necessary now ta pass this bill.
The bill was ordered to be read the third
time ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public park on tii15 yellowstone rivkr.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 392) to set apart a certain
tract of land lying near the headwaters of the
Yellowstone river as a public park.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that bill will be put
upon its passage at once. It seems to be a
meritorious measure.
Mr. TAFFE. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. SCOFIELD. At the request of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. HAWLEY. This question was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands in a
House bill exactly similar in all its respects to
this bill; it was considered by that committee,
and the gentleman having it in charge was in-
structed to report it favorably to the House,
and if the committee were on call it would be
reported.
Mr. DUNNELL. I was instructed by the
committee to ask the House to pass a bill pre-
cisely like the bill passed by the Senate. I
have examined the question thoroughly and
with a great deal of care, and I am satisfied
that the bill ought to pass.
Mr. DAWES. It seems very desirable that
the bill should pass as early as possible, in
order that depredations in that country shall
be stopped.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would like to
have the bill read.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the tract of land in the Territories
of Montana and Wyoming lying near the head-
waters of the Yellowstone river, and described
as follows, to wit: commencing at the junction
of Gardiner's riverwith the Yellowstone river,
and running east to the meridian passing ten
miles to the eastward of the most eastern
pointofYellowstone lake; thence south along
said meridian to the parallel of latitude pass-
ing ten miles south of the most southern point
of Yellowstone lake; thence west along said
parallel to the meridian passing fifteen miles
west of the most western point of Madison
lake; thence north along said meridian to the
latitude of the junction of the Yellowstone
and Gardiner's rivers; thence east to the place
of beginning, is hereby reserved and with-
drawn from settlement, occupancy, or sale
under the laws of the United States, and dedi-
cated and set apart as a public park or pleas-
uring-ground for the benefit and enjoyment
of the people ; and all persons who shall, after
the passage of this act, locate or settle upon
the same, or any part thereof, except as here-
inafter provided, shall be considered trespass-
ers, and removed therefrom.
The second section provides that said pub-
lic park shall be under the exclusive control
of the Secretary of the Interior, whose duty it
shall be, as soon as practicable, to make and
publish such rules and regulations as he may
deem necessary or proper for the care and
management of the same. Snch regulations
shall provide for the preservation, from injury
or spoliation, of all timber, mineral deposits,
natural curiosities, or wonders within said
park, and their retention in their natural con-
dition. The Secretary may, in his discretion,
grant leases for building purposes for terms
not exceeding ten years, of small parcels of
ground, at such places in said park as shall
require the orection of buildings for the ac-
commodation of visitors; all of the proceeds
of said leases, and all other revenues that
may be derived from any source connected
with said park, to be expended under his
direction in the management of the same, and
the construction of roads and bridle-paths
therein. He shall provide against the wanton
destruction of the fish and game found within
said park, and against their capture or de-
struction for the purposes of merchandise or
profit. He shall also cause all persons tres-
passing upon the same after the passage of
this act to be removed therefrom, and gener-
ally shall be authorized to take all such meas-
ures as shall be necessary or proper to fully
carry out the objects and purposes of this act.
Mr. DAWES. This bill follows the anal-
ogy of the bill passed by Congress six or oight
years ago, setting apart the Yosemite valley
and the "big tree country" for the public
park, with this difference: that that bill
granted to the State of California the juris-
diction over that land boyond the control of
the United States. This bill reserves the con-
trol over the land, and preserves the control
over it to the United States, so that at any
time when it shall appear that it will be better
to devote it to any other purpose it will be
perfectly within the control of the United
States to do it.
It is a region of country seven thousand feet
above the level of the sea, where there is frost
every month in the year, and where nobody
can dwell upon it for the purpose of agricul-
ture, containing the most sublime scenery in
the United States except the Yosemite val-
ley, and the most wonderful geysers ever found
in the country.
The purpose of this bill is to preserve that
country from depredations, but to put it where
if the United States deems it best to appro-
priate it to some other use it can be used for
that purpose. It is rocky, mountainous, lull
of gorges, and. from the descriptions given by
those who visited it during the last summer,
is unfit for agricultural purposes; but if upon
a more minute survey it shall be found that
it can be made useful for settlers, and not dep-
redators, it will be perfectly proper this bill
should pass; it will infringe upon no vested
rights, the title to it will still remain in the
United States, different from the case of the
Yosemite valley, where it now requires the
coordinate legislative action of Congress and
the State of California to interfere with the
title. This bill treads upon no rights of the
settler, infringes upon no permanent prospect
of settlement of that Territory, and it receives
the urgent and ardent support of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory, and of the Delegate him-
self, who is unfortunately now absent, and of
those who surveyed it and brought the atten-
tion of the country to its remarkable and won-
derful features. We part with no control; we
put no obstacle in the way of any other dis-
position of it; we but interfere with what is
represented as the exposure of that country to
those who are attracted by the wonderful de-
scriptions of it by the reports of the geologists,
and who are going there to plunder this won-
derful manifestation of nature.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question, and it is whether this measure
does not interfere with the Sioux reservation ;
and in the next place I know that that treaty,
if you call it a treaty, which I never thought
it was, because the law raising the commission
said the treaty should be ratified by Congress
and not by the Senate, and under that you
abandoned the right to go into the country
between the Missouri river and the Big Horn
mountain. Now, I ask the gentleman if this
bill does not infringe upon the territory set
apart for these Indian tribes ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has my an-
swer, because he has heard it a great many
times here. Both Houses have acted upon
the theory that all of the treaties made by this
commission are simple matters of legislation.
Mr. TAFFE. That does not answer my
question as to the right of settlers to go upon
this land. If that is not included in the
treaty, then settlers have a right to go upon
that land to-day ; if that is the treaty, then
nobody has a right to go into the country
between the Big Horn mountain and the
Missouri river except with the consent of
these Indian tribes.
Mr. DAWES. That may be ; but the Indi-
ans can no more live there than they can upon
the precipitous sides of the Yosemite valley.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion.
