1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.;
3931
an hour to make a speech, and do you want
to waste another half hour now?
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
ten members voting therefor.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 ask for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were not ordered, only seventeen
members voting therefor.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the motion pending at the
adjournment yesterday, made by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Meiicur,] to
suspend the rules and put upon its'passage
the bill to amend the bankrupt law.
Mr. COBURN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is not this the time for the
morning hour? Is not that the business in
order now?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules takes precedence of the morning hour.
Mr. COB URN. I would ask if there is
any motion pending to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKliR. There is a motion pend-
ing to suspend the rules, which was made yes-
terday by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Of course nothing is more highly privileged
than the morning hour if there had not been
a motion pending to suspend the rules; the
Chair would have announced the morning
hour, but the Chair would state that the morn-
ing hour cannot be maintained during the last
ten days of the session.
apportionment of representation.
Mr. MERCUR. Before proceeding to the
consideration of the bankrupt bill, I present a
report from the conference committee upon
House bill No. 1343, supplemental to an act
entitled "An act for the apportionment of
Representatives to Congress among the sev-
eral States according to the ninth census."
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
To the Senate, and Home of Representative*:
The committee of conference appointed on tho
disagreeing votes of tbe two Houses upon House
bill No. 1343, entitled "An act supplemental to an
aet entitled 'An act for the apportionment of Repre-
sentatives to Congress among the several States ac-
cording to tho ninth census,' " respectfully report
that having met, after full and free conference, it
recommends that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment to the said bill of the House, and agree to the
same.
ULYSSES MERCUR,
C. W. W1LLARD,
8. S. COX,
Ma.na.gevi on the part of the Mourn.
GEO. F. EDMONDS,
0. P. MORTOM,
A. G. TUUltMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
■was agreed to.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to ; and also moved that
the motion to recotibider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment of bankruptcy law.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia\[Mr. Mercur,J to suspend the rules and
put upon its passage the bill (H. R. No. 2475)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1867,
and the several acts amendatory thereof.
The bill [which appeared in full in the pro-
ceedings of vesterday] was again read.
Mr. IIAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mer-
cuit] to consent to an amendment of the
seventh section.
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend is
pot in order pending a motion to suspeud the
rules.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Bat the
gentleman can modify his motion so as^ to
amend the seventh section; and make the lim-
itation of indebtedness $10,000 instead of
$3,000.
Mr. MERCUR. If I could do so under the
rules, I promised to yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr, HOAR. I hope there will be some
discussion on this bill.
The SPEAKER. Amotion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
Mr. LOWE. I suggest to the gentleman to
so modify his motion as to suspend the rules,
and bring the bill before the House for dis-
cussion and amendment.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. This is
an important measure, and some discussion
should be allowed upon it.
Mr. LOWE. There are several gentlemen
who desire to propose amendments to this bill.
Mr. MERCUR. This bill has been very
carefully considered by the committee.
The question was then takeu viea voce on
the motion to suspend the rules ; and the
Speaker announced that there appeared to be
two thirds in the affirmative.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I suggest that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur]
have consent to explain tbe bill.
The SPEAKER. The House is dividing,
and the Chair announced that two thirds ap-
peared to have voted in the affirmative. The
question will be taken again by a division.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
96, noes 25.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the rules be so
suspended as to take from the Speaker's table
and pass at this time Senate bill No. 656, to
extend the provisions of the fourth section of
the act approved April 20, 1871.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. POLAND. And I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Tlie bill, which was read, continues in force
until the end of the next regular session of
Congress the provisions of the fourth section
of the act approved April 20, 1871. entitled
"An aet to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes."
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 94, nays 108, not voting 38; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks. Barber,
Beatty, Beveridge, liigby, Bingham, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It.
Butler, Coburn. Coglila.il, Conger, Darrall. Dawes,
Dickey, Duel!, Bunnell, Eames, Elliott, Charles Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Halsey, Harmer,
George E. Harris, ilawley. Hays, Gerry W. llazel-
ton, John W. liuzelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kelley, Killinger, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch,
Maynard, McGrew, McJ uukin, MeKee, Mercur,
Morrinm, Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac (J. Parker, Pen-
dleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Poland, Prindle,
Rainey, Ellis H.Roberts, Rusk, Sargent. Sawyer,
Scolield, Sessions, Shanks, Shellaba-rger, II. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson. Stowell,
St. J*ohn, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner. Upson. Wakeman, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Walls, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer. Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Jaines G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll. Comingo, Conner. Cotton, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Donnan, Dox, Bu Bose, Duke,
Eldredge, Ely, Farnswortii, Fmkelnburg, Forker,
Henry I). Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Gfttz, Giddings,
Golladay, Goodrich. Griffith. Ilaldeman, Hale, Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks. Harper, JohnT.
Harris, Ila,y, Hereford, Herndon. Hibbard, Holiaan,
KeUosrg, Kendall, Kerr, King. Lewis, Lowe. Alan-
son, Marshall, McClelland, MeCormick, AlcCrary,
Mcflenry, Mclntyre. McNeeiy, Merrick, Mitchell,
Morgan, Morpllis. Siblaek, Peters, Potter. Price.
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, John Rogers, Sioa H.
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sheldon, Slater, Sloeum. Slos>s,
Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevens,
Stoughton, Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, W.addeJJ, Warren,
Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Harry.
Boles, Clarke, Cobb, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Davis,
De Large, Farwell, Havens, Ketcha'm, Kinsella,
Lainison, Leach. McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morey, Rosea W. Parker. Peck. Eli Perry, Piatt,
Porter, Robinson. Seeley, Sherwood, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Snapp, .Storm, Dwight Townsend, Turner,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Wheeler, and Williams of
New York—38.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CROCKER said: I am paired with Mr.
Sherwood, of Pennsylvania. If I voted I should
vote "ay."
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Seeley, of New York. If
present he would vote "ay," and I would
vote " no."
Mr. ROBINSON. I am paired with Mr.
Snapp, my colleague. If present he would
vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to state that Mr.
Vaughan, my colleague, is absent on account
of sickness. I am authorized to say that if he
were present he would vote " no."
Mr. STEVENSON. I am requested to say
that Mr. Cox, of New York, is confined to his
room by sickness. I am afraid that if here he
•would vote " no."
Mr. BARRY. I am paired with the gentle-
man from Tennessee, Mr. Vaughan. If he
were here he would vote "no," and I would
vote " ay."
Mr. SHOEMAKER. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Storm. If he were here be would vote in
the negative, while I should vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. PECK. I am paired on this question
with the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr.
Dayis, who, if present, would vote " no,"
while I should vote "ay."
Mr. MERRIAM. On this question my
colleague, Mr. Wheeler, is paired with tho
gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Leach.
My colleague, if present, would vote "ay,"
and Mr. Leach would vote " no."
Mr. COBB. Upon this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Shobek. If
he were present he would vote "no," while I
should vote "ay."
Mr. ELLIOTT. My colleague, Mr. De
Large, is detained from the House by illness.
If he were presenthe would vote "ay."
Mr. MOREY. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Adams,
who, if present, would vote "no," while I
should vote " ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say, in connec-
tion with the bill just voted upon, that the
same bill was reported to the House and the
Senate respectively by the joint select Com-
mittee on the Condition of the late Insurrec-
tionary States. That bill having passed the
Senate, I felt it my duty to call it to the atten-
tion of the House and have a vote upon it.
Our committee having leave to report at any
time, had a majority voted in favor of tbe bill
upon the vote just taken, I should immediately
have offered the bill that was reported by the
committee to the House, which is identical
with the Senate bill. But inasmuch as this
vole has disclosed that a majority of this
House are opposed to the bill, I shall not
offer the House bill until I have further in-
structions from the committee to do so.
message prom tiik senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendment of the House
to the bill (H. R. No. 1073) increasing the
rates of pension to certain persons therein de-
scribed, asked a conference oil the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the bill,
and had appointed, as conferees on the part of
the Senate, Mr< Pratt, Mr. Edmcmis, and Mr.
Saclsbury.
