1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2139
here by incorporating a railroad company by
Congress, and setting aside by the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevexson]
the right of Territories to incorporate.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
claim that a Territory has any such right?
Mr. COX. Territories have the right, under
their organic law, to make corporations. I
believe they have already made certain cor-
porations. I would rather trust the local than
the Federal authority with the power to create
corporations. I am in favor of the Federal
authority making corporations for certain lim-
ited purposes, and the other day I undertook
to make that discrimination. But when it is
proposed to make a great corporation like this,
one whose powers are to be so extensive that
it takes the Clerk an hour to read, to put us
in possession of the details; when it is proposed
to aggrandize the power of the Federal Gov-
ernment over the public domain, so as to in-
corporate people who will seize that domain
and have other rights and privileges, I do object
to it.
These corporations are not, in one sense,
corporations merely. They are conspiracies
against the people. That is the proper defini-
tion of them. They are monopolies; they
seize lands; they make towns; they go to
work and get the bulk of the public lands and
obtain an amount of power greater than that
of the Government itself; and unless we stop
here and now, we might as well go and give
up all the powers of this Government to cor-
porations. We have heretofore incorporated
insurance companies and national banking
companies. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] suggests to me privately, and
very properly, that this bill needs more delib-
eration, more consideration, and that it will
be best to fix some day for its consideration.
It certainly cannot be forced through under
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us fix some other
time for its consideration.
Mr. COX. I am perfectly in accord with
the gentleman in that.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman
having charge of this bill will consent to that.
Mr. BUNNELL. I am willing that some
time shall be fixed for the consideration of this
question. I will ask that it be considered
Tuesday after the morning hour, to the exclu-
sion of all other business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to add
to that proposition, before it is agreed to,
"excepting reports from the Committee on
Appropriations and Committee of Ways and
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to its taking the place of all other business.
Mr. HAWLEY. Say Wednesday.
Mr. DDNNELL. I will add to my propo-
sition " not to conflict with prior orders."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his proposition again. Arrangements of this
kind must be very explicit.
Mr. DUNNELL. My proposition is, that
the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned until next Tuesday after the morning
hour, to the exclusion of all other business
except reports from the Committee on Appro-
priations aud the Committee of Ways and
Means, and prior orders.
The SPEAKER. If there should be no
morning hour on that day this order would
amount to nothing.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then we will say at
half past one o'clock.
Mr. DUNNELL. I agree to that.
The SPEAKER. If it is put in that shape,
it is the duty of the Chair to advise the House
that the bill will never be reached.
Mr. COGHLAN. Will the bill be open to
amendments at that time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. IIQLMAN. It seems to me that wc
had better consider it in the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires the
House to understand that a special order at
this stage of the session is worth very little
unless a very positive majority of the House
decides to throw aside all other business.
Mr. SARGENT. If the bill is now consid-
ered it occupies the whole morning hour, and
there is a general homestead bill to be consid-
ered and other bills of general character, not
relating to railroads. I hope, therefore, the
gentleman will allow the bill to be put forward
to some future day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the homestead
bill in charge of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hawley] will be made a special order
for two weeks hence, and I trust he will make
that motion now.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would rather take up the
bill in the morning hour. I hope to finish it
in one or two days, but I am anxious to take
it up this morning during the present morning
hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest that the agree-
ment be thatthe bill shall be taken up on Tues-
day next at half past one o'clock, to the exclu-
sion of all other business excepting reports
from the Committee on Appropriations and
the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
bill of ' the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. HAWLEY. I hope something will be
done at once with the bill, as the morning hour
is rapidly passing away.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is anxious to
submit any proposition that will receive unan-
imous consent. If the gentleman in charge
of the bill will suggest some proposition the
Chair will again submit it to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Illinois will ask unanimous consent to have the
homestead hill made a special order.
Mr. HAWLEY. No, I prefer to consider
it now.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is of more importance
than any other bill before the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will restate the propo-
sition. It is that the bill shall be made a special
order for Tuesday nextat half past one o'clock
to the exclusion of all other business except
business reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means and the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and the special order relating to House
bill No. 1427, in relation to mints and coin-
age.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this
proposition?
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this arrangement
apply to the homestead bill ?
The SPEAKER. No ; to the pending bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. I wish to introduce a
homestead bill under this call now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not object, then, to
the arrangement.
There being no objection, the arrangement
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the arrangement is made; but of course the
Chair must give notice that the gentleman who
makes the order need not expect to reach the
bill on that day or on any other day so far as
the Chair can see.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is the best thing
we can do.
homesteads to actual skttlers.
Mr. HAWLEY, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 2117, to secure the public lands to actual
settlers.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engiossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length.
The first section provides that from and after
the passage of this act the public lands of the
United States, except mineral lands, and tim-
ber lands unfit for cultivation after the timber
is removed therefrom, shall be disposed of by
the United States only under the provisions
of an act approved May 20, 18(52. and enti-
tled "An act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers upon the public domain," and the
several amendments thereto; provided that
this act shall not interfere with any grants,
reservations, obligations, pledges, or promises
heretofore made or incurred by the -United
States under existing laws, or with the grant-
ing in limited quantities of the public lands
for educational purposes, or with granting
public lands in limited quantities, the pro-
ceeds of which shall be used for purposes
of internal improvement, such lands to be sold
to actual settlers only, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres to any
one person, and for prices not exceeding
ยง2 50 per acre.
The second section provides that all dec-
larations and proofs required under this act
and the former acts granting homesteads to
actual settlers may be taken before the judge
or clerk of any court of record in the United
States, or of any State or Territory, and when
duly authenticated under the official seal of
such court shall be of the same force and
effect as if taken before the register or receiver
of the proper land office.
The third section provides that any per-
son entitled, under the said act of May 20,
18G2, or the acts amendatory thereof, to enter
upon the public lands and acquire a home-
stead thereon, having entered upon any part
of the unsurveyed public lands not other-
wise granted or reserved, and having con-
tinued to reside thereon and cultivate the
same for the period of five years, shall, upon
the survey thereof, and upon proof of such
i'acts within one year after such survey, and
the payment of the usual fees, be entitled to
a patent upon the same terms and conditions
as other homestead settlers.
The fourth section provides that when any
person entitled to avail himself of the benefits
of this act, or of any law heretofore enacted,
or that shall hereafter be enacted, in relation
to settlement on the public lands, as hereto-
fore made, or shall hereafter make a bona
Jide settlement, on public lands subject to settle-
ment under such law or laws at the time of
such settlement, no act of Congress, or failure,
fault, neglect, or mistake of any officer oi
agent of the United States shall in any way
operate to deprive any such settler of any
right under such law or laws, and his claim
shall constitute a vested right of property, only
to be forfeited by his neglect or refusal to com-
ply with the conditions prescribed by the law
under which he entered.
The fifth section provides that so much of
said act of May 20, 1862, as requires the appli-
cant for a homestead to make affidavit that he
has never borne arms against the Government
of the United States, or given aid and comfort
to its enemies, be, and the same is hereby, so
modified as to permit such applicant to make
affidavit that he will support the Constitution
of the United States, and will bear true faith
and allegiance to the same.
The sixth section provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall
prescribe such rules and regulations as may
be necessary to carry into effect the provisions
of this act; and that all acts or parts of acts
inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Mr. HAWLEY. The morning hour has
about expired. I should like to go on and dis-
pose of this bill to day, if such be the pleasure
of the House; if not, of course it will have to
go over till to-morrow.
Mr. SARGENT. Where is the objection
to passing this bill now? 1 see no necessity
for debate.
The SPEAKER. That is for the majority
of the House to determine.
Mr. DICKEY. As the morning hour has
expired, 1 move that the rules be suspended
and the House now resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole fox the purpose of resum-
ing the consideration of the Army appropria-
tion bill.
