348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
election law of Texas, which has been adverted
to in this discussion, this power is clearly and
distinctly conferred. 1 do not read that section
at length, because every gentleman upon the
committee will agree that it'the section applies
to elections for members of Congress, it does
confer this power upon this board of officers,
the Governor, the secretary of State, and the
attorney general; and the only question of
difference between the minority and the ma-
jority is whether that section applies only to
elections of State officers, or whether it applies
also to elections for members of Congress. If
it applies to elections for members of Congress,
it confers this power to send for persons and
papers, and to investigate any alleged violence
or fraud in any portion of the congressional
district. I proceed, therefore, to consider the
question whether this thirty-fifth section ap-
plies to the election of members of Congress ;
because the whole case turns upon that.
The House will observe that the act is en-
titled " An act to provide for the mode and
manner of conducting elections, making re-
turns, and for the protection and purity of the
ballot-box." The act, then, by its title, ap-
plies as well to the election of members of
Congress as to the election of State officers.
But that is not all. The language of the thirty-
fifth section, which confers the power to which
I have referred, applies by its terms to returns
made in an election for members of Congress
as well as to returns made in elections for
State officers. The language of that section is
"that in compiling the returns the returning
officers shall compile,'' &c. It does not say
"in compiling the returns for the election of
State officers;" it does not say "in compiling
the returns for members of Congress;" it
says " in compiling the returnswhich means
all returns.
But, Mr. Speaker, if there is any question
on that subject, it seems to me it is settled by
the terms of the twenty-sixth section of the
act to which 1 will call the attention of the
House. That section is as follows:
" Sec. 26. That the provision of :his act, except
as to the time of holding elections, shall apply to the
election of all officers whose election is not other-
wise provided for."
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
worth] says that the term "all officers " ne-
cessarily means all State officers, and I should
like him to tell the House by what process of
reasoning he arrives at such a conclusion. The
act is full of provisions, some relating to the
election of State officers and some to the elec-
tion of member.-: of Congress ; bat thist'.venty-
sixth section " expressly provides that the pro-
visions of this act (making no exceptions)
shall apply to a'l officers whose election is not
otherwise provided for." Any other construc-
tion of this act would render the act itself
unreasonable.
The gentleman from Illinois has fallen into
the same error with some other gentlemen.
There is no provision in this statute which
requires the Governor of Texas to send all the
returns here at all If the gentleman will
look at the section he will find that it is a
different thing which is provided for. The
provision of section twenty-three is that—
"As 3oon_ as possible after the expiration of the
time of taking the returns of the election for Rep-
resentatives in Conqres-s, a certificate of the returns
of the election for such Representatives shall be
entered on record by the secretary of State and
signed by the Governor, and a copy thereof sub-
scribed by said officers, shall be delivered to the
person so elected, and another oopy transmitted to
the House of Representatives of the Congress of the
iJnited State?."
He is not to forward all the returns,but merely
a certificate of the returns of the election ; and
E will show what that means.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will explain to the
satisfaction of the gentleman from Illinois,
that the word "returns" is used in this stat-
ute in two senses. It is used to describe the
returns which are sent up from the various
counties to the seat of the State government,
and ifc is also used to describe the returns or
the certificate of returns which the canvassing
officers at the capital, composed of the Gov-
ernor, the secretary of State, and the attor-
ney general, are required to make out in a
tabular form, and deposit with the secretary
of State. That will be plain when I read a
part of section thirty-five. After going on to
provide for the computation of the returns of
the returning officers, it goes on to say:
" The returning officers shall then proceed to in-
vestigate the statements of riot, tumult, acts of vio-
lence, intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery, or
corrupt influences at any such poll or voting place;
and if from the evidence of such statements they
shall be convinced that such riot, tumult, acts of
violence, intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery,
or corrupt influences did not materially interfere
with the purity and freedom of the election at such
poll or voting place, or did not prevent a sufficient
number of the qualified electors thereat from voting,
so as materially to change the result of the election,
then, and not otherwise,said returning officers shall
canvass and compile the votes of such poll and
voting place with those previously canvassed and
compiled; but if said returning officers shall not be
fully satisfied thereof.it shall oe their duty to ex-
amine further testimony in regard thereto, and to
this end they shall have power to send for persons
and papers.
" If, after such examination, the returning officers
shall be convinced that said riot, tumult, acts of
violence, intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery,
or corrupt influences, did materially interfere with
the purity and freedom of the election at such poll
or voting place, or did prevent a sufficient number
of the qualified electors thereat from voting, so as
to materially change the result of the election, then
the said returning officer shall not canvass or com-
pile thestatement of thevotes at such poll or voting
placc, but shall exclude it from their returns."
So these returning officers, the Governor,
the secretary of State, and the attorney gen-
eral, are to make returns of the result as shall
appear from the returns coming up from the
various counties. In another section it is pro-
I vided that these returns shall be stated in a
j tabular form by these canvassing officers, and
I deposited with the secretary of State, and
| those are the returns, and not the returns com-
ing up from the various counties of the State,
which, by the act, are to be certified to the
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
let me read the twenty-third section of the act ?
Mr. McCRARY. What returns are referred
to in that section? Notthe returns coming up
from the various counties of the State? Those
are not the returns to be certified here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Secfc'on twenty-three
provides that—
"As soon as possible, after the expiration of the
time of taking the returns of the election for Rep-
resentatives in Congress, a certificate of the returns
of the election for such Representatives shall be
entered on record by the secretary of State and
signed by the Governor, and a copy thereof sub-
scribed by said officers shall be delivered to the
person so elected, and another copy transinitt-ed to
the House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States."
It provides that the returns of election shall
Hp opnt hpfp
Mr. McCRARY. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
section provides, as the gentleman has said,
that—
"As soon as possible after the expiration of the
time of taking the returns of the eleotion for Rep-
resentatives in Congress, a certificate of the returns
of the election for such Representatives shall be
entered on record by the secretary of State," &c.
There is no time fixed in the law for making
the returns from the various counties. But I
believe that it is sixteen days which the State
board of returning officers are allowed in which
II to make their returns to the Clerk of the House
. of Representatives.
; Mr. ARTHUR. I would like to ask the gen-
j tleman from Iowa, [Mr. McCkakt,] whether
j the forty-second section of the act of the 11th
i of August, 1870, of the State of Texas, did not
! provide for the election of municipal officers ;
! and whether it did not also make provision for
a board of verification of the election returns;
and whether another section of the  me act
did not provide for the election of members of
the State Legislature, and did not also provide a
board of verification of election returns at that
election; and whether the twenty-third sec-
tion did not provide a board of verification of
the election returns for members of Congress ;
whether those three distinct, sections did not
describe three distinct elections, three distinct
modes of verification, and three distinct boards
of verification officers ?
Mr. McCRARY. There are very likely,
Mr. Speaker, some cases of local elections,
county or city elections, in which the returns
are not sent to the Governor at all. But I
undertake to say that the thirty-fifth section
gives the power to examine all returns which
are sent to the Governor. And, as returns
for the election of members of Congress are
sent to the Governor, they come within the
provisions of that section, and this board is
authorized to examine as to the validity of the
eleotion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it would be unreason-
able, as I was about to remark, to give the
statute the construction which the minority of
the committee claim for it. If that construc-
tion is given to it, then here is a board of State
officers, the three highest officers m the State,
who are authorized to investigate all cases of in-
timidation and violence which have occurred
at an election, where there were elections of
members of Congress and of State officers at
the same time, and yet their investigation is
to be limited to the vote cast for State offi-
cers, and they have no power to investigate
such acts committed to influence the election
of a member ot' Congress. It cannot be as-
sumed, Mr. Speaker, that such was the inten-
tion of the Legislature, especially when the
intention of the act is such that it does not
admit of doubt, because u declares that the
board shall have the right to investigate with
regard to all those elections.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the presumption of the
law is, that the officers of elections have done
their duty unless the contrary appear. It has
been stated here, and it is remarked in the
minority report, thatio wasconcedcd that this
showing, which the law requires to be made
before the Governor, was not made. That, I
think, was a misapprehension on the part of
the minority of the committee. It was stated
by one of the counsel for Mr. Giddings that
there was no sucti showing, and tne counsel on
the other side did not say a word on the sub-
ject at all, I suppose for the reason that he
was pressed for time, and omitted or f .rgotit.
In point of fact, if we are allowed to inquire
into that matter, we are apprised by gentle-
men who ought to know that there was such
an investigation, and that the law was stnctly
complied with. But 1 apprehend that we do
not require to go into that, for the law always
presumes that an officer charged with a public
duty has acted in accordance with his duty,
unless the contrary is shown.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a question?
Mr. McCRARY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. We concede the
legal effect of the certificate of the Governor,
and that prima facie, in the absence of any
facts or statements therein contained, Mr.
Clarke is entitled to his seat. But in this case
the question is whether or not the statement
of the Governor in his certificate, that neither
Clarke nor Giddings was elected according to
law, does not overcome the presumption that
Clarke is elected.
Mr. McCRARY. There is nothing upon the
face of the certificate showing that neither was
elected according to law. On the contrary,
the face of the certificate shows that Mr. Clarke
was elected. If the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] will read the Governor's state-
ment, he will find tha1 he is entirely mistaken1.
[Hi-re the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
a similar prolongation of time has been granted
to the gentleman representing the majority of
the committee as was allowed the gentt'iman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Arthch.]
