2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. HA.WLEY. I would like to proceed
with the consideration of my bill now.
The SPEAKER. If there is no desire 011
the part of gentlemen to discuss this bill, there
will be no objection to acting upon it now.
Mr. HAWLEY. I call the previous question
on the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. T trust that on so import-
ant a measure the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hawley] will allow some discussion.
Mr, HAWLEY. I am not desirous of pre-
cluding discussion, but a number of gentle-
men about me ask that the bill shall be now
passed.
The SPEAKER. The only point about
■which the Chair is anxious is to preserve the
right of the several committees to make reports.
"When a bill is reported during the morning
hour, and holds its place in the morning hour,
it will cut out other committees that may de-
sire to make reports. It will be impossible
for all the committees to be called again dur-
ing the present session, even with ihe most
rapid progress that can be made in calling
them.
Mr. HOLMAN, I hope that this bill will
at least go over until to-morrow. A more
important bill has not been before Congress
for years.
Mr. HAWLEY. I think if we can be
allowed to go on with this bill for a little
while to-day we will be able to pass it.
Mr. DICKEY. I must object to that, if it
shall give rise to debate. If there shall be no
debate on it, I will not object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that this bill be made the special order for
the morning hour to morrow, and for two
hours thereafter.
The SPEAKER. That would not prevent
a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on an appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. II this bill goes over, it
will come up to-morrow in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It will, and exclude
another committee from its morning hour.
Mr. SARGENT. That may be, but that is
an incident of the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the
Chair, so far as he can do so, to secure two
morning hours for each committee.
Mr. SARGENT. The piling up of special
orders for the future tends to create confusion
in the business of the House. That is my
reason for making the suggestion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think [must
hereafter object to making any more special
orders, as they so greatly complicate the busi-
ness of the House. Unless the commiitees
can be called in their order, a large number
of them will not be again called this session.
And if gentlemen insist upon debating this
bill after the expiration of the morning hour,
I hope my colleague upon the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Dickey] will insist upon
his motion to go into Committee of the Whole
upon the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Under the circumstances
I hope the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hawxisy] will call the previous question on
this bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. I will try the sense of the
House on that question.
The previous question was seconded, upon a
division—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be again
read in full.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered
on this bill, in order to give the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stoughtox] an oppor-
tunity to move an amendment, he has prepared
for the benefit of soldiers entitled to bounties.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know what the gentlcmau from Michigan de-
sires to propose as an amendment to this bill;
but it is very apparent that the bill meets the
approval of a large majority of the members
of this House. It has been prepared with a
great deal of care; it has the unanimous sup-
port of the committee ; and I desire that it
shall, if possible, be passed without being
embarrassed by any other question. I hope
that the gentleman from Michigan, if he has
the interests of the homestead settlers at heart,
will bring up his military bill as an independ-
ent proposition. I beg of him not to propose
it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman that the proposition in the hands of "the
gentleman from Michigan has been considered
by the Committee on Military Affairs, and pro-
poses to give to soldiers under certain condi-
tions public lands as bounty ; and it is not only
germane to this bill, but it is a proposition
which, I think, meets the approval of every
member on this floor. The two measures
ought to pass together.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, last week
this House passed the Senate bill giving to our
soldiers homesteads upon the public lands. I
thought (and the House concurred with me in
the opinion) that it was a good bill, for it was
passed under a suspension of the rules. It
was certainly a very good measure, one reflect-
ing honor upon the Congress which passed it.
It was supposed to cover the question, so far
at least as Congress can be brought to agree
at present upon a soldiers' bounty bill. It
was the first time the two Houses have come
together upon that question. Believing that
to be a good bill—certainly the best that could
be secured at this session of Congress—I was
anxious as soon as it came into the House to
secure its passage. Supposing that question
to be now out of the way, I have since the
passage of that bill remodeled the bill which
I have reported this morning, omitting certain
clauses and propositions which it formerly
contained. In its present form I have reported
the bill with the unanimous approval of the
committee. It has been my endeavor to add
to our homestead law such measures as will
still further secure the homestead settler in his
rights. In this bill we have also provided for
the repeal of the preemption laws and other
laws which provide for the sale of the public
lands, so that hereafter all arable lands of the
United States shall be disposed of under the
homestead law.
Certainly the proposition embraced in this
hill is one which ought to appeal to the favor-
able judgment of every member of the House
as a proper and just measure. Congress and
the people of the country have gradually
adopted the belief that the true policy of the
Government in reference to our public lands
is to give them to actual settlers that they may
be cultivated ; that homes may be built up in
the great States and Territories of the West;
that this is the best way to enrich the nation
and secure revenue for it; that much more
revenue can be derived by the Government in
this way than from the sale of the public
lands.
I have said thus much, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of giving the reason why I do not
feel disposed to yield now to have any addi-
tional proposition attached to this bill. I wish
the measure to stand upon its own merits. I
believe it to be so just a measure that I am
not disposed to imperil it by allowing any other
proposition to be attached to it; because I am
satisfied that if the House will pass this bill
it will receive the approval of the Senate and
become a law.
Mr. TAFFE. Will the gentleman yield to
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HAWLEY. I decline to yield.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. The passage of this bill is
of so much importance that unless it is con-
ceded that the measure to which I have re-
ferred can be at once passed, I do not desire
to press my motion. I had hoped there would
be unanimous consent that the bill to secure
to our soldiers their reasonable rights in the
public lands should be added to this bill.
With such an addition, I think our legislation
in regard to the public lands would be per-
fect and complete. But inasmuch as objection
is made to adding as an amendment the bill
of the gentleman from Michigan, I withdraw
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered.
Mr. COBURN". I renew the motion to re-
consider, and I desire to say this 
Mr. STOUGHTON. I wish to say a word
on this bill.
The SPEAKER. AH this proceeds by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was
ordered.
The SPEAKER. That has been done by
the gentleman from Indiana, but it is not a
debatable motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will not the gentleman
from Indiana be permitted to state the object
of his motion ?
Mr. COBURN. I feel convinced that unless
the bill is amended it will repeal all we have
already passed on this subject. This is sub-
sequent legislation and applies to all of the
public lands, and will actually uproot every-
thing heretofore done on this question.
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not object to debate,
but the question was put to the House, and the
House settled it.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 31.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the bill goes over.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. I hope not, but that we
will resume the consideration of the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce, for
the better security of life on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam.
The SPEAKER. The bill referred to by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Neg-
nr] is the regular'order of busiuess, to the
exclusion of all other orders except that which
comes from the Committee of Ways and
Means and from the Committee on Appropria-
tions. The question will first be taken on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey.]
'The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 83.
Mr. DICKEY demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to go into Committee
of the Whole on the Army appropriation bill.
PLANTING OF TltBES.
Mr. HALDEMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2197) to encour-
age the planting of trees, and for the preser-
vation of woods on the public domain now held
by the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
SMITHSONIAN KETOKTS.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a concurrent resolution for the print-
ing of two thousand extra copies of each of the
reports of the Smithsonian Institution for such
volumes as the stereotype-plates are now in the
Congressional Printing Office, to be distributed
by the Smithsonian Institution to libraries,
colleges, and public establishments; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing,
and ordered to be printed.
