3036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Yet through these long years, since I have
been in this contest for fiscal and commercial
liberty here, there has been but little practical
satisfaction, except the exceeding great reward
of "duty done." Protection continues to be
our ruling policy. The great shame of oar
nation continues. I have been compelled to
say like the Latin poet:
"Pudet haeo opprobrianobis;
Et dici potuisse et non potuisse repelli."
The opprobrium shames us; and we can
speak of it when we cannot repel it. Thank
God! I have lived to see the day when truthful
men of the opposite party are coming to the
front. They are helping us to realize the
proverb, ''that in the revenues of the wicked
there is trouble." The doom of protection is
sealed. My friend from Illinois [Mr. Buroh-
ard] has made his confession, that long he
groped in the dark, but investigation did for
his honest and acute intellect what it did
for D&vid A. Wells and others. It has made
him a champion worthy of any bandit's steel.
I trust that I may, without offense, refer to a
method of argumentation which I have pur-
sued on this topic, not from any self-satis-
faction, but to illustrate what I desire to say
011 this proposed legislation. My friends will
not, I am sure, become so profane as did
Donatus when he uttered the ejaculation :
" Damned be they who have said our good things
before us."
METHOD OF ASCERTAINING BOUNTIES.
"When the Morrill tariff bill of 1862 came
to us, 1 adopted this method of detecting and
exposing its fallacies and frauds : if a duty,
say on leather, was thirty five per cent, ad
valorem, we add that to the cost abroad of the
article, including the premium or difference
of exchange. Then, as the customs are paid
in gold, we add the depreciation of the paper
money the merchant pays with. Then, to
tht1 additionalcostiu consequence ofexchange,
duties, and paper money, we add the freight,
insurance, and importer's profits. At this
point of cost the imported article comes in
competition with the corresponding article of
the home manufacturer in the American mar-
ket; and the aggregate of the items above
mentioned constitutes the protection or bounty
which the tariff system gives to the manufac-
turer. The consumers of the domestic article,
of course, pay this bounty to the manufacturer.
Tins is now reduced to an axiom in political
economy. It is as clear as the proposition
that the object of a tariff for protection is to
increase the price of the article. If this were
not the case who would care for protective
bounties? Not the manufacturer, certainly.
If not he, who then?
By this method, Mr. Chairman, and no other,
did I demonstrate what in 1862 1 denominated
"bounties," a term now generally and prop-
erly adopted. I have sometimes used other and
less decorous terms, but we should not always
speak our thoughts here. It was by this
method, based on facts like the original bills of
lading and charges at the custom-houses, that
1 ascertained the enormous percentage in gold,
even, which the product of the home manufac-
turer received at the point where the foreign arti-
cle came m competition with the home product.
In these discussions I did not omit to point-
out the exact sums which were paid by the con-
sumer as well as by^ the protected classes and
sections which received them. No mati born
of woman ever dared to question the demon-
stration. Ignorance and selfishness sometimes
contend yet that the bounty does not go to the
home manufacturer. Oh, no; but these pre-
cious logicians, when it comes to removing
the tariff on tea and coffee, sing hallelujahs
to their legislation because it relieves the con-
sumer of a tax measured by the amount of the
duty. When it comes to a tax on copper or
nickel, they do not see the same fundamental
law of economy. Then their god, Baal, is
"talking, or he pursueth, or he is oil a jour-
ney, or peradventure he sleepeth and must be
awaked."
Afar from the calm retreats of economic
science, these ghosts of protection go about
squeaking and gibbering among laboring men
of protection, when their false theories and
distorted facts are condemned and scouted by
the intelligence and progress of our age. They
talk to the economists as if they were bookish
men—doctrinaires. We are not practical
men; we do not know affairs. They forget
the primordial law of -all experience and con-
templation, that no true theory ever existed
unless based not only on irrefragable fact,
but heavenly justice.
The right to speak, write, travel, worship,
and labor is not a whit more sacred than the
right to exchange commodities unhampered by
partial legislation. Tn fact, no argument is
sound against such legislation that is not
founded on the principles of liberty. Call
the opponents of such schemes by what name
you please—free-traders or what not—I accept
any name. If for "free trade" I should sug-
gest the words "unshackled exchange," or
" unhampered commerce," men might wonder
at the impassioned denunciation with which
"free-traders" are met by their opponents.
Standing on the rules of right and justice,
denying to Government the fuucUou to help
one section or class or individual at the ex-
pense and to the detriment of another ; espe-
cially denying the privilege or right of the
few to despoil the many, I have fearlessly
analyzed the various bills which have been
before Congiess dining my service here.
Bills to lelieve the people, come they from
minority or majority, come they from Mis-
souri or Illinois, or even when reported by
Massachusetts, I welcome tliem for as much as
they are worth; and they are only worth so
much as they near the goal of justice. Call
thorn bantlings, or orphans, or foundlings.
Let the bill of the majority be called father-
less and alone. I do not inquire who fathers
the bill. If it is a waif, so much the more
need for our care of the little but precious
innocent. My only question is, is it humane''
is it fair and good?
It may not be my privilege to see the full
fruition of lreo trade ; certainly not, during or
by _ this Congress; but the world progresses.
Science is the handmaid of just legislation.
Political economy is not a delusion or a soph-
ism. Time will work for the right. You may
cast your poison into the fountain, but the vein
of truth will well up to purify and cleanse. 1
cheerfully look to the future ; to a future when
custom-houses, with all their proven corrup-
tions, will be abolished, and when men in
America will wonder, as now the English peo-
ple wonder, at the long struggle which Bright,
Villiers, Cobden, Elliott, and Peel conducted,
and which culminated in 1846 in a new order
and a splendid prosperity forthe British people.
Much has been said about the relative vir-
tues of a more direct system uf taxation, like
the internal revenue, and the mischief of the
fraudulentproteetive system. I infinitely prefer
the former. Besides, was it not understood, when
these exorbitant tariffs began during the war,
that their reduction or repealwas to be aconse-
quence or a concurrence with the reduction or
repeal of the internal tax ? Let facts tell.
BAD FAITH OF PROTECTION.
On the 30th of June, 1864, an internal rev-
enue tax was imposed on manufacturers of
five per cent, upon gross products. It was
increased in March, 1865, to six per cent.
This was" made the pretext forthe advanced
tariffs of July 14, 1862, and June 30, 1864.
Pennsylvania, by her great leader, Thaddeus
Stevens, stated that these tariffs were increased
by reason of this internal tax.
The leader of the Ways and Means, [Mr.
Mo brill,] declared this legislation to be tem-
porary. It was a war measure only. When
peace came, then the stern duties of economy
required that both internal and external duties
should be reduced or repealed. These blessed
economies were to go pari passu! The inter-
nal taxes of the year 1864 on manufactures for
that year were repoited to be $128,000,000. Of
that the iron interest paid $12,000,000. How
they groaned under it! But most of these
were stricken off. Again, in the last Congress
there was an additional reduction of the internal
revenue, and now it is proposed to reduce it still
more and more without a fair reduction of the
tariff. Why do not the protectionists keep
faith? Why not march hand in hand with the
reduction of the internal tax? Why, but for
the same reason that induces the minority of
the Ways and Means to remove all straight-
forward and honest revenue taxes, in order
that they may help the greedy and few to
their insidious and unjust gains?
I refer for a detailed statement on this topic,
illustrative of that bad faith which follows bad
legislation, to the statement of Mr. Allison, of
Iowa, in the Forty-First Congress. Referring
to this point, he said:
"These taxes, by successive acts of repeal, have
all been removed. First came the revenue act of
July 13,1866, when the internal tax was removed
from most manufactures of iron and steel, and re-
duced upon manufactures ot woolens, and the free
list enlarged. In March, 1867, a further reduction
of taxes was made, and by the act of March, 1868, all
tnxes upon innnnfaeture*; were abolished, save only
thetax oftwo dollars per §1,000 onsales; thuspracti-
cally relieving the domestic industry ot the country
of a burden which in 1865 wos $73,000,000 in round
numbers: in 1866. 4128,000,000: in 1867, S92,000,000,
and m 1868, S62,000,0i)0."— Globe, Appendix, volume
81, page 193
As no reduction was then made in the tariff,
the abolition of these internal taxes sucessively
had the effect of increasing, by so much, the
tariff on similar articles. This was a fraud.
Since then we know that some millions have
been taken off of the internal tax by the
Schenck bill. It is now proposed to take off
some twenty million dollars more. And this is
considered fair to the consumers, fair to the
many. I denounce it as a flagrant breach of
honor. If the original tariff bill of Morrill,
made in 1861, had been reduced one third it
would hardly have represented what should
have been done in good faith.
IXDIRECT TAXATIOM BY TARIFF.
If the question of good faith had reference
only to the equal repeal of tariff and internal
tax the iniquity would not be so monstrous.
But the tariff, by its insidious devices, not
merely makes revenue but it robs by felonious
indirection. My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] reckoned that upon the present tariff
there were more than five hundred millions
of "bounties" paid to the pet manufacturers
which never saw the Treasury. This is a very
moderate computation.
I have already shown in a speech here
on 28th March, 1870, that on eight articles
alone under the tariff, before it was meagerly
amended by the Schenck bill of last session,
that to get $41,211,440 into the Treasury the
people paid $852,817,740 to some favorites
outside of the Treasury, whose locus in quo
was not among commercial, working, or agri-
cultural people. That was shown by computa-
tions drawn from bills of lading, and by the
inexorable rules of economic logic. To get
revenue on pig, bar, and railroad iron in one
year, amounting to $5,481,132, or fourteen
cents and seven mills per head on imported
iron, the tariff enables the iron manufactu-
rers to collect as tribute the enormous sum of
$148,750,000, or $3 71^ per head; on cot-
ton fabrics to get $24,278,504 in the Treas-
ury we pay $190,320,000; to obtain revenue
on ready-made clothing, cotton and woolen,
amounting to only $1,343,975, the people pay
over §190.000,000 ; on salt, to get $1,058,609,
they pay nearly $5,000,000; on leather, to
obtain revenue, hardly $2,000,000, they pay
$175,380,000; on bituminous coal, to get about
§500,000, nearly $70,000,000 of taxation; and
so on through the dishonorable chapter.
