3038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
So it appears that the aristocratic wages
of th>: United States compel the laboring
men of New York or Illinois to work five
hours more for his weekly rent, nineteen
hours more for a ton of coal, thirteen hours
more for a pair of blankets, three and a half
hours more for a pair of boots, thirty two
hours more for a common woolen suit, nine-
teen hours more for twelve yards of alpaca,
and one hour and three quarters more for a
dozen of spool thread—all indispensable arti-
cles of the poorest households—more, by far,
than his pauper competitor of Scotland. And
for what? To supply thedire necessities of our
Federal expenses ? No. To supply a Treas-
ury overflowing one hundred millions per an-
num? No. But to swell the already bloated
monopolists, caressed and favored by this J
class legislation of this tariff ridden country. I
Upon the Clyde, where these wages are paid,
the manufacturing industry is all given to com-
merce and ships. In fact, it is reduced to the
question of working in iron and skilled labor.
The same may be predicated to some extent
of all industries of Great Britain. The latest
reports from the great woolen and cotton in-
dustries of Great Britain indicate that even
this excess of purchasing power just quoted
would still more favorably compare with the
high aristocratic wages of the much-favored
State of Massachusetts. So that all the facts
point with no uncertain index to the conclu-
sion that
ENGLISH PAUPER LABOR IS A FICTION.
Waiving for a moment the real question,
whether even if wages were lower than here
that we ought to have by natural right and fair
policy the advantages of it, I beg attention
to some facts relating to the present condition
of labor in England, the wages paid, the price
of iron, and the effect which the present tariff,
with that which the proposed tariff will have
on certain American industries.
I repeat, that the allegation that English labor
is pauper labor, is a fiction. I have shown that
to-day it is as well paid, if not better paid, as to
the purchasing power of wages received, thau
in America. The British system of taxation,
by which its vast revenuesare raised, is derived
mainly lroin so called articles of luxury—to-
bacco, tea, cofl'ee, income tax, and excise.
These contribute mainly ; while the essentials
to the maintenance of labor and life, like coal,
salt, wheat, wool, cotton, bear no burden.
This results in a labor wage cheap, compared
with that paid in a land such as this, where
our very existence, from the cradle to the
grave, is taxed; and so free trade properly
gives England dominaucy in the world's mar-
kets.
In May, 1871, British labor began its action
for increased wnges and reduced hours of
work. Various demands were made and con
cessions granted from that date to Apiil 1,
1872, aggregating an advance of fil'Ly per cent."
ill wages over the price paid at'the same time
in 1871, and in a reduction of hours of labor
from sixty hours in 1871 to fifty-one and a
half in 187'2. The increase in the wage, based
on the time current in 1871, with dimin-
ished hours in 1872, is practically an addi-
tional payintnt to the laborer. This increase
of wages has been by sixpence sterling per
hour; and the advance reaches from the coal
or iron-ore miner, through the coking-oven,
the blast-furnace, puddling-furnace, muck-bar
mill, to the finished product. It represents ten
shillings sterling per ton in cost of finished iron
paid to_ labor over the current rates of 1871.
And this advance in labor is paid to and en-
joyed by labor alone; not a penny of the
additional cost goes into the pocket of the
iroti-master in any shape whatever.
As there have been five advances of ten
shillings, the year's increase in the cost of a
ton of iron in labor, is represented by £2 10s.,
equal to $12 50 United States gold, nearly.
In 1871 Scotch pig iron, first quality, sold at
66s. to 60s. sterling. Yesterday the quotations
were 105s. to 112s. sterling. Then English all-
mine pig sold at 36s. to 42s.; now it is
eagerly bought at 85s. to 88s. 6d.
Scotch pig iron is used solely in foundery
work here to tone the harder American iron ;
its use, therefore, is defined and limited by a
natural law, and no influence can force its use
beyond that limit. The duty can, therefore,
be reduced to five dollars per ton or less. The
effect of the present duty and of all duties is
to add to the cost of American pig iron a sum
equal to the duty on Scotch pigs, which Amer-
can labor pays in some way or other. The
production in America in 1871 being some
1,800,000 tons, at seven dollars bonus to mak-
ers here, the amount of protection given is
$12,600,000.
It is a matter of fact that whatever the cost
of foreign iron, pig or finished, the American
mill price for years has been skillfully ad-
justed to meet it. At present rates of freight
and premium on gold, English best bar iron
is one dollar pc-r ton higher than American
of same quality!
KISE IN IKON.
Much has been said here about the price of
pig iron being raised since the reduction of
the tariff from nine to seven dollars per ton.
It is true. The importations have increased,
and yet the prices have increased. Two things
may appear in this relation: first, that there
must be an unusual demand the world over
for the article; and second, that the reduction
of the tariff increases the price of the article!
As to the last, if it be true, what arrant recre-
ants to Pennsylvania, interests have we here.
When we cut down pig to five dollars, how
they struggled to get it up to nine dollars
again! How they strain and storm now when
we mention that a further reduction is desir-
able. The truth lies here.
Owing to the Franco-German war and its
withdrawal of labor and chaos in business ;
owing to the English coal strikes which made
an " iron famine," as well as owing to the im-
mense and growing demand of iron for every
object, from the sewing-machine to the build-
ing, from the plow to the needle, from the
steamship to the shoe-tack—there has been an
immense demand. It isoneot the phenomena
of our material age of progress. But does
this demand change the laws of economy ? Is
it true that a reduction of such a tax on the
foreign product, coming in competition with
our manufacture, by its inherent vigor of reduc-
tion adds to the price? The absurdity of such
a proposition is unworthy of an idiot.
A speculative friend of mine purchased a
fortnight ago in Scotland a lot of Scotch iron.
He bought at thirty-three dollars per ton.
Before the shipment arrives in New York he
is offered fifty-three dollars per ton. His
profits would have been $150,000. Who pays
such profits arising from the difference between
the foreign and home product? Mind you,
this man is but a middle-man. a speculator.
By our laws he is enabled to pocket his profits;
out of what? From every horseshoe, every
locomotive, every agricultural implement,
every stove, every chisel, everything of iron
used by the mass of consumers! When the
great mass pay bounty to one interest and one
section, can we wonder that overgrown with
this splendid pauperism and rude in over-
weening arrogance, it taunts all other occupa-
tions and sections, as an oriental suzerain
would treat its tributaries and slaves? Can
we wonder that it sneers at the
REVIVAL OP COMMERCE,
unless it is paid, out of the Treasury itself, lar-
gesses upon its pet product when it enters
into the building of a vessel?
Much is said about the decline of American
commerce. The true causes lie in high values
created by protective tariffs, internal revenue
taxes affecting materials, cost of house rents,
food, clothing, &e., compelling a high value in
labor, these causes effectually preventing the
creation of a mercantile marine. To illustrate :
the quotation on the Clyde is ship-plates at
thirteen pounds sterling per ton, or sixty-
four dollars gold. The protected iron here
costs five and a half cents per pound, or
$123 20 currency. Reduced to gold at yester-
day's premium, it is $109 64. This is a dif-
ference of $45 64, or sixty-seven and a half
per cent, in favor of the Clyde ship-builder ;
and this, mind, before an hour of labor is
applied to adapt it to use.
The same relative difference exists in the
angle and T-iron in th« hull, the boilers, and
machinery, and notably on the wire rigging of
the ship.
A word on wire rigging; to show, ex pede
Herculem, where the brute and selfish strength
lies which holds our ships from launching
upon the deep. On wire rope, whether gal-
vanized rope for ships or plain for colliery
and mining uses generally, the present bill
increases the duty to that paid on the wire of
which the rope is made.
The larger portion of such rope in actual
use ranges from one half to one inch diameter ;
these are the current sizes. The size of wire
gauges from No. 20 down to No. 16. Plain
wire rope now pays duty of thirty five per
cent., and galvanized rope of two and a half
cents per pound specific, or fifty-six dollars
per ton. These gauges of wire in the pro-
posed bill pay three and a half cents per pound.
The bill is skillfully drawn, so as to show by
comparison with existing duty a removal of
the fifteen per cent, ad valorem, rate levied
additional to the three and a half cents per
pound, creating the impression that as wire is
reduced so also is wire rope. The reverse
is the case. This bill advances the duty on
plain wire rope, from an average duty on the
sizes most in use, of $56 36 to $78 40 per ton,
or from two and a half to three and a half
cents per pound ! Being used in coal and iron-
ore mines, and in many other ways, it not only
adds to the cost of mining but it affects the cost
of a ship ; and it is proposed in the interest of
the only wire-rope maker that I know of, at
Trenton, New Jersey, and indrawn wire of the
special pet of the Government, at Worcester,
Massachusetts. It is their interests which have
engaged gentlemen to advocate the bill on
behalf of California, whose Representatives are
silent on the subject; for in that State I know of
no wire-drawing or wire-rope mill to be estab-
lished or to be benefited.
I annex some figures on plain and galvan-
ized wire rope, which show the whole thing:
galvanized wire rope for ship-rigging, sizes
most in use from one to three inches in cir-
cumference ; average cost of one and a quar-
ter, one and a half, one and three quarters,
two, two and a half, and three inches; £27 in
England; equal to dollars, gold, $132. Pres-
ent duty, two and a half cents per pound, $56
per ton ; equivalent to ad valorem forty-three
per cent. ; proposed duty, three and a half
cents per pound, $78 40 per ton; equivalent
to ad valorem sixty per cent. Colliery rope,
coal and ore mines, and other purposes; sizes
most in use as above, one to three inches cir-
cumference. Average cost of sizes, 1, 1J-, li,
If, 2, 21, and 3 inches, £32 16s. in England;
in United States, gold, $161 ; present duty,
thirty-five per cent., $56 35, or two and a half
cents per pound; proposed duty, three and a
half cents per pound $78 40 per ton ; equiv-
alent to ad valorem of forty-nine per cent.
The smaller the rope the smaller the wire
used in the manufacture, and, as a matter of
fact, four fifths of the rope in use is made
of wire gauging from twenty to sixteen
gauge, which therefore positively enhances the
duty.
If I should make the same calculations as
to every component part of a ship, as I have
often done, the cause of our decline in ship-
ping would not ignorantly be attiibuted to
Alabamas and Shenandoahs, nor would the
failure to revive be found in any other imped-
