•3934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
gliall not be altered by this act in the United
.States courts*. This is the unanimous report
of the eoraftiittee of both Houses.
The report of the committee of conference
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of. conference was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
shoshone and bannock indians.
Mr. BURDETT. I submit the report from
a committee of conference which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3914)
entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to negotiate with the chiefs and head men
of the Shoshone and Bannock tribes of Indians for
the relinquishment of a portion of their reservation
in Wyoming Territory," having met, after full and
free confcrcnce have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, as follows:
That the House agree to the first, second, third,
and fifth amendments of the Senate.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment, and that in lieu thereof the following bo sub-
stituted, namelyj alter the word "ceded." in line
twelve of the bill, insert:
And it shali be the duty of the President to report
all proceedings under this act to Congress lor ap-
proval or rejection: Provided, This authority shall
not continue beyond January 1, 1873.
, A. S. BURDETT.
WILLIAM WILLIAMS, of New York,
J. P. C. SHANKS,
Manaoer9 on theparl of the Home.
HENRY WILSON,
JAMES HARLAN.
QiiORGH F. EDMUNDS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted ; and also moved that,
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs of william a. graham.
* 
Mr. DU BOSE. I now insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended and the bill (H.
R. No. 1370) for the relief of the heirs of
William A. Graham be passed.
The preamble to the bill recites that Wil-
liam A. Graham, in the year 1837, filed his
application in due form for letters-patent for
a certain invention or discovery of a novel
method of or means for extinguishing fires,
with apparatus for making the same effective,
and died in the year 1857, without procuring
letters-patent therefor.
The bill relieves the heirs of William A.
Graham, late of the town of Lexington, in the
county of Rockbridge, Virginia, of and from all
disabilities now existing, and preventing them
from renewing or reviving the application re-
ferred to in the preamble by the administrator
of the estate of said William A. Graham,
deceased; and authorizes such administratorto
renew the application or file a new one; and it
directs the Commissioner of Patents to grant
and issue letters-patent, for the invention or
inventions set forth in such application, pro-
vided that sueh alleged inventions shall be
found to have been new and useful at the time
of filing such application; the patent, when
issued, to have the same force and effect as
though no delay had occurred in prosecuting
the application, or in granting a patent
thereon. The bill further provides that all
persons or parties having machines containing
said inventions, or any part thereof, in use at
the time of issuing the patent, shall have the
right to continue the use thereof without charge
or molestation.
The question was taken on Mr. Du Bose's
motion; and (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) the rules were suspended, and the bill
was passed.
supervision op elections.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules to take from the Speaker's table,-for
action at the present time, the bill (S. No.
791) to amend an act entitled " An aet to
amend an act approved May 31, 1870, entitled
' An aet to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
the Union, and for other purposes.' "
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section that section two of an act approved
February 28,1871, entitled " An act to amend
an act approved May 81, 1870, entitled ' An
act to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
the Union, and for other purposes,' " shall be
amended so as to read as follows:
" That whenever, in any congressional district,
there shall be ten citizens thereof of good standing,
who, prior to any registration of voters for an elec-
tion for Representative or Delegate in the Copgress
of the United States, or prior to any election at
which a Representative or Delegate m Congress is
to be voted for, shall make known, in writing, to
the judge of the circait court of the United States
for the circuitwberein such congressional district is
situate, their desire to have said registration or said
election both guarded and scrutinized, it shall be
the duty of the said judge of the circuit court,
within not less than ten days prior to said registra-
tion, if one there be, or, if no registration be re-
quired, within not less than ten days prior to said
election, to open the said circuit court at the most
convenient point m said circuit; and the said court,
when so opened by said judge, shall proceed to ap-
point and commission, Irotn day to day a,nd from
time to time, and under the hand of the said circuit
judge, and under the seal of said court, for each dis-
trict or voting precinct in said congressional district
as shall, in the manner herein prescribed, have ap-
plied therefor, and to revoke, change, or renew said
appointment from time to time, two citizens, resi-
dents of said district or voting precinct in said con-
gressional district,'who shall be of different political
parties, and able to read and write the English lan-
guage, and who shall be known and designated as
supervisors of election; and the said circuit.court,
when opened by the said circuit judge as required
herein, shall, therefrom and thereafter, and up to
and includiug the day following the day of the elec-
tion, be always open for the transaction of business
under this act; and the powers and jurisdiction
hereby granted and conferred shall be exercised, as
well in vacation as in term time ; and a judge, sit-
ting at chambers, shall have the same powers and
jurisdiction, including the power of keeping order
and of punishing any contempt of his authority, as
when sitting 111 the court: Provided, That no com-
pensation shall be allowed to the supervisors herein
authorized to be appointed, except those authorized
to be appointed by the aot to which this is an
amendment, in cities having twenty thousand in-
habitants or more."
The second section provides that no person
shall be appointed under this act as supervisor
of election wbo is not at the tune of his ap-
pointment a qualified voter of the county, par-
ish, election district, or voting precinct for
which he is appointed. No person is to be
appointed deputy marshal under this act, or
the acts to which this is amendatory, who is
not a qualified voter at the time of his appoint-
ment in the county, pari.- h, district, or pre-
cinct where he resides.
The third section provides that section thir-
teen of the act to which this is an amendment
shall be so construed as to authorize and re-
quire the circuit court of the United States
mentioned in said section to name and ap-
point immediately after the passage of this aet
the commissioners provided for in said section
in all cases where such appointment has not
heretofore been made in conformity with said
section.
The foui-th section provides that the third
section of the act to which this is an amend-
ment be so amended as to authorize each of
the judges of the circuit courts of the United
States to appoint one or more of the judges
of the district courts of the United States
•within his circuit to discharge the duties con-
templated by this act and the act to which
it is an amendment.
The fifih section provides that the words
"every person," in section four of the act of
May 31, 1870, to which this is amendatory,
shall be held to include any officer or other
person having powers or duties of an official
character under this act or the acts to which
it is amendatory.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this bill before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. . It is not, , ..
Mr. RANDALL. Then I object to it. We
have had interference enough with State elec-
tions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking up the bill for
consideration at this time, in connection with
a substitute agreed to by a majority of the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the substitute
may be read.
Mr. BECK. I object to the substitute being
either read or considered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire it read so that
the House may know what it is voting upon.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. BixghamJ is quite reg-
ular. It is to suspend the rules, to take from
the Speaker's table a Senate bill, and pass it
with a substitute. The gentleman asks that th&
substitute be read.
' Ir. BECK. Can it be read without unani-
mous consent?
The SPEAKER. It cannot.
Mr. BECK. I object. We do not want an
army at the polls to superintend the holding
of elections.
Mr. BINGHAM. Wepropose that the Ku
Klux army shall not go to the polls. I ask the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the
rules and consider that bill with the substitute
at the present time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The questiou was taken ; and there were—
yeas 115, nays 87, not voting 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber. Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
j amin F. B utler, Roderick R. ISutler.Clarke, Goburn,
Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Croeiier, Darrall, Donnan,
Dueil, Dunnell, Eames. Elliott. Farwell, Finkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, George E.
Harris, Havens, Hawiey, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley,
Ketcham. Killinger, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, May-
nard, McOrary, McGrew, Mcjunkin, McKee, Mer-
cur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Morphis.
Leonard Myers. Negley, Qrr. Packard, Packer, Pal-
mer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Perce, Aaron
F. Perry, Peters, Poland, Rainoy, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Sheliabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, Jobn A. Smith, Worthington TO. Smith, Sny-
der, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Taffe, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner. Upson, Wake-
man, Walden, Waidron, Wallace, Walls, Whiteley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana. Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—115.
NAYS — Messrs Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Co-
mingo. Conner, Crebs, Critcher, Crosslana, Dox, Du
Bose, Duke, Ely, Forker, Henry I). Foster, Garrett,
Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith, Hambleton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris,
Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland,
McCormick, MeHenry, Mclntyre. McNeely. Mer-
rick, Mitchell, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker,
Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y.Rice, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Suther-
land, Swann, Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Waddull,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams ot New York,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—87.
NOT VOTIMG —Messrs. Barnum, Barry, Boles,
Cobb, Cox, Crcely, Davis. Dawes, De Large, Dickey,
Eldredge, Farnsworth, Haldeman. Hay, Hooper,
Kellogg, Kinsella, Lamison, Lansing, Leach, jlc-
Kiimey, Benjamin F. Meyers, Eli Perry, Piatt, Por-
ter, Prindle, Seeley, Sherwood, Shobe-r, Snapp,
Starkweather, Storm, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Yaughan, Voorhees, and Wheeler—38.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. B. F. MEYERS said: lam paired with
Mr. Seeley, of New York. If present he
.would vote ''ay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. BARRY. I am paired with the gentle-
man from Tennessee, Mr. Yaughan, who, i?
present, would vote "no," and I would vote
"ay."
Mr. COBB. I am paired on this question
with Mr. Shober, my colleague, who, if pres-
ent, would vote "no," and I _would vote' 'ay."
the result was announced as above recorded.
