350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Also, thepetition of Margaret Beeler, widow
of Peter Beeler, late private company A,
twelfth Tennessee cavalry, praying for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Isaac Beeler, guard-
ian of Sarah Mackey, minor child of Enoch
Mackey, deceased, company A, twelfth Ten-
nessee cavalry, for pension.
Also, the petition of Nancy Branson, only
child of W. M. Harrell, deceased, private com-
pany I, fourth Tennessee volunteers, praying
for pension.
Also, the petition of Eliza Webb, widow of
Daniel Webb, deceased, private company G,
eighth Tennessee cavalry, for pension.
Also, the petition of same for bounty, &c.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The memorial of Joseph
Pinch & Co., of Pittsburg, asking that certain
taxes paid on distilled spirits destroyed by the
fall of their warehouse shall be refunded.
By Mr. PECK : The petition of Charles R.
Messengen, Walter A. Hodge, and 18 others,
manufacturers and dealersin tobacco, for a uni-
form tax of sixteen cents per pound on all kinds
of manufactured tobacco.
Also, the petition of Joseph Stein, H. H.
Butler, and 21 others, for the same purpose.
_ By Mr. PERRY, of New York : A peti-
tion of merchants of the city of Albany, for
the modification of the existing tariff duties on
imported sugar.
Also, a petition of tax-payers of Albany,
New York, for tariff reform.
Also, the petition of the trustees of the
Albany City Savings Institution for a modi-
fication of the present tax on savings banks.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky : The petition
of S. S. Vinson, of Kentucky, asking the re-
moval of political disabilities imposed by
article fourteen of amendments to the Con-
stitution.
By Mr. SCOFIELD; The petition of Susan
Daggett of Warren, Pennsylvania, asking for
a pension.
Also, a petition of honorably discharged
soldiers, residents of Clearfield county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for additional legislation in
reference to bounty and bounty land.
Also, the petition of Mary fleiges, of Luth-
ersburg, Clearfield county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing for a pension.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia : The petition
of Edward P. Doherty, asking for relief as
mail contractor.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of Levi
Rugsegger and others, citizens of Claring-
ton, Monroe county, Ohio, asking for addi-
tional bounties in lands or money to the sol-
diers who served in the war of the rebellion,
and for the equalization of bounties.
By Mr. SWANN: Three petii ions from citi-
zens of Baltimore, Maryl md, engaged in the
tobacco trade, praying that, the tax on manu-
factured tobacco may be reduced to sixteen
cents per pound.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of Luther
Dodge and 102 others, for bounty and bounty
land for soldiers of last war.
By Mr. WILLIAMS of New York: The
petition of citizens of Buffalo. New York, in
favor of a uniform tax on all descriptions of
manufactured tobacco of sixteen cents per
pound.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
H. S. Saunders, asking for damages for prop-
erty taken and used by the Army.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 11, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCauley, presiding
slder, Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BROWNLCHV presented the petition of
citizens of Tennessee, late soldiers in the Army
of the United States, praying to be allowed to
enter the lands granted by Congress without
the requirement of settlement and cultivation,
and also a bounty of eight dollars a month to
honorably discharged soldiers, for the term of
their actual service; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been requested
to present a petition of sundry citizens of
Prairie City, in the State of Illinois, asking
that additional bounties and land be granted
to a certain class of soldiers in the late war.
These petitions, I believe, have gone to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some have gone
to the Committee on Military Affairs and some
to the Committee on Public Lands; they in-
volve both questions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also received
through the representative of the "Tax-Pay-
ers' Union" numerous petitions coming from
some twenty-four States and various counties
in those States. Instead of taking up the time
of the Senate in presenting each petition sep-
arately, I will present them to the Senate in
bulk, as the petitions are all of like character.
I will state briefly the purport of one of the
petitions, and then present the whole of them
for reference ia the Senate.
The petitions are entitled "prayer of tax-
payers for tariff reform," and they set out
that, the signers cheerfully pay taxes to meet
proper expenses of Government, but are not
willing to pay tribute to favored individuals
through an artificial increase in the cost of
domestic products caused by an unjust and
unwise tariff: that a Government, founded
upon the equal consent of all and supported
by all in peace or war, has no right to tax
one man for the benefit of another, nor should
a Government, which asserts the freedom of
labor, deprive any laborer of the full value
of his earnings by restricting his freedom of
purchase.
They further represent that the tariff called
protective, by enhancing the cost of living, of
production, oftransportation, and of exchanges,
places our industry at a disadvantage in com-
petition with that of other countries: that the
aid which it aims to give to special branches
of industry is sometimes more than neutralized
by the artificial burdens imposed, and some-
times builds up odious and oppressive monopo-
lies, and that its benefits go altogether to capi-
talists, and. are not shared by labor, which finds
its cost of living increased more than its wages;
that a tariff for revenue only, so framed as to
collect the needed sum with the least possible
cost to the people, as a whole, will avoid dis-
astrous frequency of changes in legislation,
afford a safer and better basis for manufac-
turing industry, secure to the workingman a
larger share of the fruits of his toil, relieve
labor from oppressive exactions, and agricul-
ture from cruel burdens, and by doing justice
to all the people confer blessings upon all.
The memorialists pray that Congress will
devise measures to reduce the tariff to a
strictly revenue basis, to remove, as fast as
may be consistent with the public welfare,
every duty by which one man is taxed for the
benefit of another, and to place the system
called protective where the public mind will
rest in the belief of its speedy and complete
extinction; and they especially pray that the
determination of Congress to abolish duties
known to be for protection, so called, and not
for a revenue, may be shown by the imme-
diate repeal of the duties upon salt, coal, and
pig iron.
These petitions, as I have already stated,
come from twenty-four States of the Union.
They are from the counties of Franklin, An-
drew, Shelby. Ray, Harrison, and Warren, in
the State of Missouri. There are eleven peti-
tions from Ohio, coming from the counties i
of Richland, Wayne, Clark, Loraine, Gallia,
Butler, Henry, Marion, and Preble. There
are eleven petitions from Maryland, coming
from the counties of Washington and Howard.
There are ten petitions from Illinois, coming
from the counties of Marion, Pulaski, Cham-
paign, Logan, Henderson, Clark, and Warren.
There are four petitions from Massachusetts,
coming from the counties of Berkshire, Barn-
stable, and Worcester; four from Alabama,
from the counties of DeKabb and Mobile; four
from Texas, from the counties of Wood, Den-
ton, Cherokee, arid Burnet; four from New
York, from the counties of Suffolk, Steuben,
and Ontario; three from Indiana, from the
counties of Morgan, Clark, and Cass; three
from Georgia, from the counties of Macon,
Stewart, and Oglethorpe ; two from Iowa,
from the counties of Allamakee and Story;
two from Connecticut; and one of these peti-
tions from Connecticut, I will state to the Sen-
ate, is signed by the president, ex-president,
and several of the professors of Yale College,
at New Haven, by a late Governor of the
State, and by leading merchants and-manu-
facturers in that State. Then there are two
petitions from Wisconsin, from the counties
of Waupacca and Kenosha ; two from Michi-
gan, from the counties of Calhoun and Gratiot;
one from Bangor, in the State of Maine; one
from Cooke county, North Carolina ; one from
Windham, Vermont; one from Fulton county,
Arkansas: one from Riley county, Kansas;
one from Bradford county, Pennsylvania: one
from Scott county, Virginia; one from Darl-
ington county, South Carolina, and one from
Tippah county, Mississippi.
The number of signatures to these various
petitions I understand to be about seven thou-
sand, and they are made up of leading business
men, merchants, agriculturists, and manufac-
turers, to some extent, from the various States
of the Union. I move their reference to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
seems to begiving very full information in rela-
tion to these petitions : but I should like to
get a little more. I desire to ask him whether
these petitions all came from these parties, or
all were gathered together into one place and
sent to him to be presented.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator had paid
attention to what I said, it would have avoided
the necessity of his inquiry. I stated that I
had received from the representative of an
organization these petitions, which had been
sent to me with a request that I would present
them to the Senate, and I stated that I received
them from the representative of what is known
astbe "Tax-Payers' Union," through whom
they came to me for presentation to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg pardon;
I was not in my seat when the Senator began
his remarks. I desire now to ask him another
question, and that, is, whether these petitions
are all printed, and the same in form?
Mr. TRUMBULL. ] have no objection to
being catechized by the Senator from Vermont,
but I stated, when I presented the petitions,
that instead of presenting them separately, as
they were all of like character, I would present
them in bulk, stating what was contained in
one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have all the
information I desire.
The petitions were referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received and been
requested to present a memorial very numer-
ously signed by citizens of (lie town of York,
in the State of Maine, asking for the repeal of
the duty on salt. I move its* reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.^ HAMLIN. I have similar petitions,
all printed, all furnished to me through the
mail, from the town of Deer Isle, from the
town of Camden, from the city of Belfast,
from the plantation of Matinicus, from the
