1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2148
the Treasury from the inspection of steam vessels,
and the licensing ot the offioers of such vessels, as
provided for by the terms of this act; and the saiuo
is hereby appropriated for the payment of such ex-
penses, or so much thereof as may be required for
such purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
by substituting for the section just read the
following:
That all fees, penalties, andrevenues arising under
the provisions of this act, and of the act to which
this is amendatory, shall be paid into the Treasury,
and all disbursements of money for carrying into
effect the provisions of this act and of the act to
which it is amendatory shall bo made only upon
specific appropriations, for which the Secretary of
the Treasury shall submit annual estimates.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 08. That the penalty for the violation of any
provision of this act that is not otherwise specially
provided for shall be a line of $500.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend this section
by inserting before "$500" the words "not
exceeding."
Mr. NEGLEY. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles :
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 328) in relation to the dis-
trict courts of Alabama;
An act (S. No. 897) in regard to the com-
mencement of increased pay to promoted offi-
cers in the Navy;
An act (S. No. 908) for the relief of John
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department;
and
An act (S. No. 910) relating to inventories
and accounts of the property of the United
States in public buildings and grounds.
SECURITY 01' LIFE ON STEAM VESSELS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (IT. It. No. 2116) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the better security of
life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes,"
approved February 28, 1871.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 70. That it shall be the duty of all collectors,
or other chief officers of the customs, to require all
sailing vessels to be furnished with proper signal-
lights, bells, and fog-horns, as provided for by the
act of April 29,1864, entitled " An act fixing certain
rules and regulations for preventing collisions on
the water," and by this act; and every such sailing
vessel that shall be navigated without complying
with the terms of this ant shall be liable to a lino not
exceeding $500, one half to go to the informer; and
for which sum the vessel so navigated shall be liable,
and may be seized and proceeded against by way of
libel in any court of the United Stateshaving juris-
diction of the offense. It shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause this act, and the
act last above mentioned, and the rules and regula-
tions made as provided by this act, to be published
in a pamphlet form with an accurate andfull index,
and such marginal notes of the substance of sections
and rules, and references to other sections and rules,
as may facilitate the understanding of the same, and
to supply copies of the same to the collectors of cus-
toms for general distribution by such collectors to
officers and owners of ships and vessels under such
rules as he may prescribe.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, in line ten, to strike
out the words "one half to go to the in-
former."
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
sixty-one, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move to strike out, in the third and fourth
lines, the words "and fog-horns," because
there are no fog-horns now provided for.
Mr. STORM. Have we not already refused
to strike out this section ?
.The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Fog-horns
are not now provided for; that is, there is no
special fog-horn provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection
to passing over section seventy-one without
reading it?
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been gone
through with, the question in order is the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoar] to add the following:
This act shall take offect on the 1st day of July,
in the year 1372.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not in order to recon-
sider the vote by which, on the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
the House struck out the words " and fog-
horns ?"
The SPEAKER. Perhaps under a strict
construction of the rules it would not be in
order to entertain a motion to reconsider.
Mr. STORM. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts misled us by stating that no fog-horns
had been provided for.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana will be entertained.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] and to the House why
the words " and fog-horns" should be stricken
out. The bill originally started with a provis-
ion that there should be a fog-horn sounded
which would make a noise equal to a steam-
whistle. It was decided by the House that
sueh a thing was impossible, and that kind of
fog-horn was stricken out of the bill. There
is no kind of fog-horn now provided for. The
course heretofore has been that the small ves-
sels are provided with a common tin horn,
sometimes called a fish-horn. That is covered
by our statutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose he
wants the fog-horn struck out and the tin horn
put in its place.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
a matter of considerable consequence, and
no one will, I think, appreciate it more than
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holm an.]
There has recently been brought out a kind
of patent fog-horn, costing about one dollar
and a half apiece, and a large company has
been formed, which has had more or less
than twenty attorneys here in order that this
patent fog-horn shall be provided for in this
bill, so as to make every man who happens
to own a small craft buy a fog-horn, whether
a fog-horn is required or not.
Mr. STEVENSON. Do not these patent
fog-horns sometimes cost more than four or
five dollars apiece ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know what price they put on them. Those
boats have gone through up to this time by
sounding a tin horn, and whenever that is
sounded it may be heard a mile in thick
weather. There never is any thick weather
if there be a storm, for the storm blows off
the thick weather or fog. These gentlemen
who own this patent fog-horn got the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue a circular re-
quiring all of these boats to use a fog-horn
under a penalty of §500. The requirement
almost produced a rebellion among owners
of small craft, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury withdrew that requirement. I now desire
to leave it stand as it is at present, so that
there shall be no requirement on the part
of the owners of these small craft to buy one
of these patent fog-horns under a penalty of
^500.
Mr. POTTER. While the House was engaged
yesterday in the consideration of this bill, an
amendment wa3 offered requiring some me-
chanical connivance to be used, and that
amendment was voted down.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
aware of that; but that does not appear in the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. But this fact appears m
the bill. On page 64, the following language
is used:
Sailing vessels and all other water era ft and rafts
shall use a fog-horn.
And again:
Whenever there is foggy weather, by day or by
mght. the tog signals desoribed ' ' ' " '
sounded.
below shall be
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Undoubt-
edly.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has no objection to that?
Mr. BUTLER, ot Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. All that is required here
of the collectors is to see that the vessels are
provided with fog-horns ; nothing more. This
provision of the act corresponds with the pro-
visions already adopted. And I would suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] that it is sufficient to obviate what
he apprehends. Not only that, the House yes-
terday refused to adopt this artificial contriv-
ance which he objects to having fastened on
the service, but as the section stands now it
will clearly appear that the fog-horns required
will be such as have always been used, being
sounded by the lips.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Theunder-
standing of the House is shown by the debate
going upon the record, and that is all I want.
I therefore withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I desire to offer an
amendment.
TheSPKAKER. Thefirstamendmentpend-
ing is that of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. HoAtt,]-which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
This act shall take effect on the 1st day of July,
1872.
Mr. HOAR. This act, as the House will
see, prescribes very important and onerou?
duties on the masters and owners of all sailing
vessels and steamers. It is to make a law
which will affect vessels coming in from dis-
tant voyages, foreign as well as domestic ves-
sels. It not only prescribes severe penalties,
which might, in the discretion of the Govern-
ment, be inflicted where the act had been
violated by masters of vessels, but also—and
this is the most important point of all—it is to
prescribe a rule which will govern the court of
admiralty in cases of collision, where import-
ant civil rights are to be determined; whera
the- court must proceed on the absolute pre-
sumption that the parties knew the law and
were bound to obey it; so that if a collision
takes place between one vessel whose master
knows the law, and another vessel whose mas-
ter by no possibility could have known it, the
legal rights of the parties in court, and their
legal liability, may be defined under this law.
My only doubt in offering this amendment
is whether I should not have postponed the
taking effect of this bill for a still longer time
than to the 1st of July. That would cover a
good many cases, but probably not all. I
should prefer to have the opinion of somo
experienced lawyer upon the point. I should
be glad to receive a suggestion from my col-
league, [Mr. Kutllij.]
Mr. BGTLEU, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest the 1st of October. The present law
would be in existence until that time.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to modify my amend-
ment so as to make the date the 1st of October.
Mr. CONGER. The object of this law is
to remove from the operation of the present
law such provisions as are deemed burden-
some and hard to the navigation interests.
The provisions of this law are almost the same
as those of the former law, except that they
modify and change its provisions, so as to re-
lieve from the imposition of somethings which
were burdensome, or construed to be burden-
some, in the present law.
Mr. HOAR. Does the gentleman consider
it just that the provisions we have adopted in
regard to the number and character of lights
