1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
town of Southport, from the city of Belfast,
from the town of Cafnden, from the town of
Cherryfield, from the city of Portland, all very
numerously signed, asking for the same object.
I move their reference to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
citizens of the town of Gloucester, Massachu-
setts, praying a repeal of the duty on salt;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented petitions of citizens of
Brewster, Montague. Chatham, Ayer, Web-
ster, Scituate, Harwich, and Newburyport,
Massachusetts, praying the repeal of the duty
011 salt; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of St. Louis, Missouri, praying the repeal
of the duty on salt; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I present resolutions which
are in the nature of a petition, concluding as
they do with a resolution. "We most earn-
estly solicit the Congress of the United States
at its present session" to answer their prayer,
which is that women may be allowed under the
Constitution to vote. This petition is from
the Radical Ileform Club of Philadelphia, and
is signed by its president, E. M. Davis, and
its secretary, E. S. Bladen. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
J. W. Johnson and one hundred and twenty-
three others, colored citizens of the United
States, praying for the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a memorial,
signed by a committee appointed in behalf of
colored citizens and white Republicans of the
State of Delaware, in which they set forth
their grievances; among others, they say, "in
the schools established by law and in some
portions of the State no colored child can be
admitted, not even in the city of Wilming-
ton ; and our children must be educated at
our own expense, with such assistance as we
may obtain from public and private charities,
or grow up in ignorance." I move that this
memorial lie on. the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL, presented the memorial
of A. H. Van Lucttwitz, first lieutenant United
States cavalry, praying to be reinstated in the
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. AMES presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Mississippi in favor of the pas-
sage of an act reviving the grant of land to the
Gulf and Ship Island railroad, made in 1856 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Cyrus
E. Roberts and ninety-three others, of Rock-
ingham county, New Hampshire, praying the
passage of an act granting to soldiers, sailors,
and marines who served in the late war prior
to September 23, 1863, or to their heirs, a
bounty of $100 and one hundred and sixty
acres of land, and equalizing the payment of
bounties; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented a
petition of J. M. Doddridge, United States
pension agent, and thirty others, of Wheeling,
West Virginia, praying the passage of an aet
granting to soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served in the late war prior to September 23,
1863, or to their heirs, a bounty of $100 and
one hundred and sixty acres of land, and
causing equalization in the payment of boun-
ties ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of eight-
een hundred colored citizens of Richmond,
Virginia, praying for the passage of the sup-
plementary civil rights bill ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of James
Kane, of Pennsylvania, praying for additional
bounty, as a private in company C, one hun-
dred and eighty-third regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 352) for the relief of Benjamin H.
Campbell, marshal of the United States for
the northern district of Illinois, reported it
with an amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF Ktl KLUX COMMITTEE.
Mr. SAWYER. The Committee on Appro-
priations, who have had under consideration
the bill (H. R. No. 484) making an appropri-
ation for the expenses of the joint select Com-
mittee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern
States, have directed me to report it back
and ask for the immediate consideration of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill
just reported ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the bill
first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, after which it will be subject to
objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which proposes
to appropriate for the expenses of the joint
select Committee on Alleged Outrages in the
Southern States the sum of $27,845, that sum
to be carried for this purpose to the contingent
fund of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to object to
the consideration of the bill; but I should like
to make an inquiry of the member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations who reports it. I
wish to know what was the former appropri
ation, how much of it has been expended, and
whether this is to supply a deficiency. In other
words, I think we ought to have some informa-
tion about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objection
be made the bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, open to debate or
amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 will state that the sum
appropriated at the last session for this object,
for paying the expenses of this committee, was
$42,039,39. The committee have incurred
additional expenses to the amount named in
this bill, and this is strictly a deficiency as I
understand. If there are any questions to be
asked about it, the chairman of the joint com-
mittee can answer them perhaps more defi-
nitely, but that is the way I understood it. The
committee have incurred $27,845 or there-
about of expenses which are unpaid, and they
desire to have them paid as soon as possible.
Mr. THURMAN. This statement makes
the matter a little more serious, and I beg
leave to call on my friend from Pennsylvania
to know why he ran us in debt without any
authority.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr President, I will endeavor
to answer my friend from Ohio on that sub-
ject. The history of the financial condition
of that committee is briefly this : the select
committee of the Senate appointed for that
purpose had an appropriation for the purpose
of defraying its expenses, and when the joint
committee was raised the balance at the ser-
vice of that committee was directed to be ad led
to the appropriation of $30,000 which was
made to defray the expenses of the joint com-
mittee. The committee proceeded with its
work, and the whole of that sum of $42,000
was expended in the expense of bringing wit-
nesses to Washington, paying stenographers,
and paying the expenses of the committee, j
When the fund was exhausted the question I
came up whether the inquiries should still be
continued, as all the members of the commit-
tee, I believe, without exception, were of opin-
ion that the work allotted to the committee
was not at all completed. When the question
arose as to how the expenses of the committee
were to be defrayed, it was ascertained that a
clause in an appropriation bill passed at the
close of the last session, placed a fund of
$50,000 in the hands of the Department of
Justice for the purpose of detecting and pun-
ishing crime in the late insurrectionary States ;
I do not remember the exact language, but that
was the purport. The chairman of the com-
mittee was directed to apply to the Attorney
Gener.il to ascertain whether any portion of
that fund could be placed at the service of
the committee, and lie did place at the service
of the committee the sum of $12,500.
With that sum the sub-committees were
started, who went to the States of Georgia,
Florida, Alabama, and Mississippi, and at
the same time a sub-committee continued to
sit for a short time in this city. That sum of
$12,500, or the larger portion of it, was ex-
pended in the payment of witnesses, and in the
payment of the expenses of the members of
the sub-committees who visited the southern
States, to the extent that it would pay them.
The sum of $27,845 named in this bill embraces
the whole amount so expended, including that
sum of $12,500, which, as is stated in the com-
munication laid before the House Committee
where this bill originated, it was intended to
reimburse to the Department of Justice. How-
ever, the appropriation having been properly
made, I intended to state when this bill came
into the Senate that as the House committee
saw proper to make the appropriation only
of what would cover that deficiency, instead of
appropriating anything for the further prose-
cution of the business of the joint committee.
I would, instead of returning it to the Attorney
Geueral, ask that the whole expenses of the
committee be audited by the Contingent Ex-
pense Committee of the Senate, so that the
chairman of the joint committee might not be
charged with having control of any fund which
does not come under proper inspection and
auditing, the other expenses having been passed
by the Comptroller of the Treasury, and by the
financial clerk of the Senate, under the rules
that have governed such appropriations.
Now, if the Senator from Ohio desires
me to go into particulars as t,o" how the ex-
penditure has been made, I can only say that
when it was the determination of the commit-
tee to sit in Washington, a very large propor-
tion of the expenses of the committee were
incurred in bringing witnesses to the city of
Washington, where the average expense of
examining and keeping witnesses is of course
very much larger than that of examining wit-
nesses in the southern States. The next larg-
est item probably is the item of stenographic
reporting, and that is very large'. The com-
mittee saw proper in making compensation for
that item to follow the standard already fixed
by Congress, and to pay the stenographic re-
porters at the same rate that the reporters for
the Congressional Globe are paid, they having,
as we conceived, fully as laborious work as
those reporters. The amount, which does
seem large in the statement that was laid
before the House committee, will be accounted
for when I state that the testimony already
printed exceeds four thousand pages, and that
when it is all printed it will exceed six thou-
sand printed pages.
I should be very glad to give my friend any
information as to the details which enter into
this expenditure if he desires it, and I am
willing to give what information he wants. I
can only assure him that the only complaint
that has been made by my fellow-members of
the committee, and especially by the Demo-
cratic portion of them, has been that wo were
entirely too economical in managing the ex-
penses of this committee.
