1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
great importance to tliis House, and to the
country as well, that they should understand
this question a little more fully than it has
been explained even by the gentleman who
has charge of this bill.
We have appropriated millions of dollars
for agricultural investigations in this country.
No one grumbles at that. No one would
desire to make the amount less. All ive could
desire would be to make the aid offered by the
Government to this interest more efficient if
possible. We have millions and millions of
acres of land adapted to the purposes of agri-
culture, and we are willing to spend large
amounts on scientific investigations that tend
to turn them to the best account; but the gen-
tleman fiom Indiana .seems to forget that while
we have this vast extent of tillable land, we
have also millions and millions of acres of
water which can be made as productive as the
land. Scientific reports tell us that an acre
of water is as productive as five acres of land.
Now, shall we open any trivial question like
this, relating to an appropriation of a few
dollars, and refuse to investigate matters so
important to the welfare of the entire country?
1 can, of course, speak but cursorily. The
time allowed me is not sufficient to enter into
this subject at full length. But I desire to
pomt out to the House one matter which
clearly exhibits the very great importance of
this subject, and that is the wonderful repro-
ductive power of fishes. E'ish, such as trout
and salmon, which are not by any means the
most fertile, produce one thousand young to
every pound of weight. Where will the gen-
tleman find any grain sown in any part of the
country that can produce a harvest like that?
Shad produce from ten to twenty thousand
young to the pound weight. Of these nearly
all can be saved, or all destroyed.
The gentleman speaks of scientific investi-
gations having produced no results.
Mr. HOLM AN. The gentleman is terribly
mistaken. On the contrary I stated that these
scicmilic investigations were going on under
private auspices all over the country.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Then the gentleman
is as entirely mistaken in that statement as he
would have been if he had made the other
statement.
Scientific investigations are going on all over
the country in the matter of raising trout,
because in this country trout are a matter of
merchandise ; they are bought and sold ; they
can be inclosed and protected ; but you can-
not convert into private property the vast
migratory tribes of fishes that ascend our
rivers in the spring and descend them in the
fall. Every year we have in shad alone a
matter of large merchantable interest. They
come pouring up every stream in the country,
'l'hey are maltreated in every possible way and
destroyed by all sorts of improper methods.
We have neglected our duty of protecting
them and increasing their numbers, so that
they are diminishing at a rate which threatens
their extermination in a very few years. Ten
years ago shad were sold in this market for a
few cents apiece, and also in Albany, in my
own State, with which I am more acquainted,
at an equally moderate price. Now shad are
sold, and have been sold within the last year,
at fifteen, twenty, and thirty cents apiece,
wholesale prices, and by the pound in New
York as high asadollarand a dollar and a half.
This is due solely to the neglect of the prin-
ciples which should govern the management
of our fisheries. Tf you leave the fish to de-
posit their eggs in the ordinary, natural man-
ner, they are liable to destruction from many
causes. Floods come and cover them up with
deposits of earthy matter, insects destroy them,
small fishes devour them, and they are de-
stroyed in innumerable ways before hatching.
Not one egg in two hundred and fifty is ever
hatched, and that is a moderate statement. The
most experienced fish euhurists hold that not
one in a thousand eggs is ever hatched, whereas
if you protect them in the first operation you
protect them relatively to the end, and you
secure two hundred and fifty or one thousand
fish where otherwise you would get only one.
The gentleman speaks of the fact that these
things may be attended to by the State Legis-
latures or by private enterprise. So far as
private enterprise is concerned, it is evident
that it can have no effect in this matter. So
far as State legislation is concerned, we have
encountered another difficulty, for this is a
matter in which I have long been interested.
We meet another difficulty which is equally
great and equally conclusive in connection
with the rivers of our country, not to speak of
the sea-board,to which this appropriation more
directly relates. The principal rivers flow
through or between different States, and are
subject to different jurisdictions. While one
State might consent to certain regulations for
the benefit of fish-culture, another State might
object, or at least fail to take any affirmative
action. In that connection we have a most
remarkable instance in relation to the hatch-
ing of fish in the Connecticut river, atHolyoke,
in Massachusetts. The State of Massachu-
setts paid the expense of hatching out twenty
or thirty million shad in that river, and they
now complain that the people of Connecticut
catch all the fish that the State of Massachu-
setts has been at the expense of hatching.
I think they make the complaint with good
reason.
Between three and four years ago these
shad eggs were deposited and hatched in the
Connecticut river, atHolyoke, Massachusetts.
Up to that time the shad production of the
Connecticut river had been steadily diminish-
ing, until it was threatened with early exterm-
ination. It is the opinion of those who studied
the matter most carefully that three years are
required for the shad to attain maturity, and
they expected that in the course of three or
possibly four years the result of their efforts
would be apparent. The result was most grat-
ifying when, in the third season, the fish ap-
peared in numbers unprecedented in the mod-
ern history of that river. And by this year
they will have increased 3till more. The result
has been that the price of shad has been re-
duced from eighteen cents each to three cents
each.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to
strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territorial governments:
District.of Columbia: To pay the Governor, secre-
tary, and four members of the board of public works
of the district of Columbia such sums as may be due
them for salaries from the date of their commissions
to the 1st of July, 1871, $4,579 30, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. By a clerical
error this paragraph is made to read "four
members of the board of public works," in-
stead of "three members," &c.
The CHAIRMAN. The correction will be
made, if there is no objection.
There was no objection, and the paragraph
was amended accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The correction
renders necessary a change in the amount ap-
propriated by this paragraph, from $4,579 30
to $3,851 14; that is a reduction to the extent
of the salary of one member.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To pay the members of the board of health from
the date of their appointment to the 1st of July,
1872, at §2,000 each per annum, $12,192 56, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. CLAGETT. I move to amend by
inserting after the paragraph just read the
following:
For deficiency in appropriation for legislative
expenses of Montana Territory, for the fiscal year
ending June SO, 1872, the same to be expended^ in
publishing the laws and journals of tho last session
of theLegislatureof said Territory, the sum of $5,000.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. That matter
was before the Committee on Appropriations
this morning, and the Governor of Montana
was heard upon it. The committee was satis-
fied that the amendment should be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
For completion of the building for marinp hos-
pital at Chicago,Illinois, $77,383 89; and for grading
and fcnuing,$i3,987 05; and to make good thedamage
done to the building and loss by fire, SI,460 50; in
all, $105,431 44.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by striking out the
words "and to make good the damage done
to the building and loss by fire, $14,060 60."
Whatdamage was done by fire to this building?
Mr. SARGENT. That is for lumber that
was burned.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There could have
been no damage done by fire to this building,
because the fire did not come within a mile
of it.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no pay for the
damage to the building.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The only loss
by fire was the burning of a quantity of lumber
which was stored in the yard. It was not the
intention in this clause to embrace any damage
to the building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; I desire
to refer to a general system of which this case
is but a specimen or example. The facts in
this case happen to come within my knowl-
edge; but I presume they correspond pretty
much with the facts as to almost all other pub-
lic buildings which are being erected in the
United States. The history of this matter is
an interesting one. Here is an appropriation
to complete this building. Two years ago we
made an appropriation of more than thirty
thousand dollars for the same purpose. The
matter was then brought down to such an
accurate basis that a specific sum, with even
the odd cents, was appropriated. I will read
the appropriation made at that time:
" For completing the work on the marine hospital
in Chicago, Illinois, $31,539 36."
That money has all been spent, and they
now come here asking another appropriation
of over $100,000, for what? To complete
the building again I
Mr. DUNNELL. Who was the architect ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The same man, I
presume, who is the architect of all our other
public buildings.
If gentlemen will turn back to the history
of this matter they will find that in 1864 Con-
gress passed an act providing for the sale of
the site of the old marine hospital at Chicago,
and the purchase of another ; and in the act
these words were inserted :
"Which site and building shall in no event cost
more than the amount received from the sale of the
hospital."
The Government sold the old hospital for
$138,000. or thereabout—sufficient to erect a
new building adequate for all the needs of
a marine hospital. A new site was purchased
for $10,000, (yet we have in this bill an
appropriation of $13,900 for grading this site,
which only cost $10,000.) Now, Mr. Chair-
man, the $138,000 realized from the sale of
the old hospital was expended.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
There is no amendment pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is
mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois has moved to strike out the words
"and to make good the damage done to the
building and loss by fire, $14,060 60." The
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. After expending
the $138,000 which Congress had fixed as the
limit of the cost of the building, we were
asked a year or two afterward to appropriate
$25,000 more, and then $100,000 more. We
appropriated these amounts; but in making
the last appropriation it was provided, at the
iustance of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
