•1 O-r- «,">
O 'v ^ •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3935
ORDBIt OF BUSINESS.
'Mr. BINGrHAM. 1 ask leave to make a
report from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to which I think there will be no objection.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league to yield to me to report a bill from the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it will not take too
much time.
PENSION APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. GAIiFIELD, of Ohio. lam instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to report
a bill making a transfer of the pension appro-
priations from one fund to another.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to transfer from the
appropriation for pensions for widows and de-
pendent relations of soldiers of the war of
1812, for the fiscal year ending June 80, 1872,
such an amount as may be necessary to meet
any deficiency that may arise in the appropri-
ation for invalid pensions for that year.
No objection being made, the bill (EL R.
No. 2987) was received, and read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GAUFlELD, of Ohio. I want the
attention of the House for a brief statement.
The pension appropriations are divided into
three funds, for invalid pensions, for widows
and dependent relatives, and for pensioners
of the war of 1812. Those three funds are
kept separate. Two of them will have a sur-
plus at the end of the current year; in one of
them there will be a deficiency. The defi-
ciency will not be so great in the one fund as
the surplus in the two others. Instead of
making a new appropriation, we simply pro-
pose to authorize the transfer of the surplus
Irom.the two funds to make up the deficiency
in rhe other, i call attention to the following
communications:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, P. C., May 21,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a
copy of a letter dated the 20th instant, from the
Commissioner of Pensions, urging the passage of a
Jaw authorizing "the transler of so much of the
appropriations for widows and dependent relatives
and pensions for the warot 1812," lor the current
fiscal year, as may be necessary to cover the defi-
ciency in the appropriation for invalid pensions for
said year.
The necessity for a Jaw conferring the desired
jiurhoiity is apparent from the statement of the
Commissioner, and I earnestly recommend the sub-
ject for early and favorable consideration by Con-
gress.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. R. COVVEN, Acting Secretary.
The Speaker of the Howe of Representatives.
Department of tub Interior,
Pension Office,
Washington, D. 0., May 20,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to respectfully call your
attention to the present condition ol the Army pen-
sion fund for the current year, and to request relief
by appropriate legislation.
Tbe impropriations for the fiscal year 1871-72
were as follows:
Invalid $9,550,000
Widows, <fcc  19,000.000
War of 1812  4,500,000
The expenditures thus far, and those to June 30,
1872, will be:
Invalid $10,218,900
Widows. &c  18,670.000
War of 1812  2,840,000
It will be perceived that while there will be of the
appropriations for "widows and dependent rela-
tives" and pensioners ot the "war of 1812," a sur-
plus remaining unexpended at the close ot the year,
there will be a deficiency m the appropriation tor
" invalid " pensions ot near $700,000.
A* these appropriations are made (for this'year)
for each class specifically, it will be impossible to
use the unexpended balance lor one class to meet
a deficiency in another without authority of law.
I therefore most respectfully request the passage
ot a law authorizing the transfer of so much oi the
appropriations for "widows and dependent rela-
tives'" pensions, and pensions for the "war of
1812,'' us may be necessary to cover the deficiency
in the appropriations lor "invalid" pensions.
I havo the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
J. H. BAKER, Commissioner.
Hon. B, R. COWEN, Acting Secretary of the Interior.
The bill was ordered to Be engrossed aud
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now resume the floor.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. BINGHAM. For what purpose ?
Mr. L. MYERS. ' I want to report a bill
from the Committee on Patents.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield if it does
not take too much time, and I do not thereby
lose my light to the floor.
FttKDERICK P. DIMPi'EL.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask consent to report
from the Committee on Patents, for consider-
ation at this time. Senate bill No. 156, for the
relief of Fiederick P. Dimpfel.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
patent heretofore granted to Frederick P.
Ditnpfel, on the 16th of July, 1850, for an im-
provement in steam-boilers, shall be extended
for seven years from and after the 16th of
July, 1871; provided, that all persons that
have engaged in the use or manufacture ot
such invention since the expiration of tbe said
patent shall be authorized to continue the
use of the same notwithstanding the passage
of this act.
Mr. DAWES. What is this the extension of?
Mr. L. MYERS. Jt is stated in the bill.
This bill passed the Senate last year and came
to the House.
Mi-. DAWES. I am not so interested in
what passed the Senate last year as I am in
what we are asked to pass here now.
Mr. L MYERS. This is an improvement
in steam-boilers which saves one third of the
cost and one half of the space, and is a great
saving in other respects. The man has got
nothing out of it.
Mr. \V. R. ROBERTS. If he has got noth-
ing out of it, why does he ask for an extension?
All these extensions are swindles upoh the
people.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How long has
the patent been running?
Mr. L. MYKHS. It would not be an exten-
sion if it had not been running the usual time.
Mr. W. 11. ROBERTS. I object.
Mr. L. MYERS. The evidence from nearly
every person who has used the patent is m
favor of this extension ; nobody objects to it.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Then I object to
the bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof) the rules were
not suspended.
Mr. L. MYERS. T shall ask leave to re-
port this bill at some other time, and then I
will ask that the report be read.
UTAH, IDAHO, AND MONTANA UAILEOAD.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I have been directed by the Commit-
tee on the Public Lauds to report a substitute
for House bill No. 2796. I will now make it
an original bill, and move to suspend the
rules and pass a bill (H. R. No. 2988) grant-
ing the right of way to the Utah, Idaho, and
Montana Railroad Company.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that for the purpose of enabling the
Utah, Idaho, and Montana Railroad Company,
a corporation organized under the laws of the
Territory of Utah, which said organization is
hereby legalized and made valid, to build and
extend their line by way of Malude river and
Snake river valleys; through Ulah, Idaho, and
Montana Territories, to a connection with the
Northern PaciBc railroad, or with the Helena
and Utah Northern railroad, by the most eli-
gible route, to be selected by said company)
tbe right of way to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each side of the center of said
road, through the public lands, be, and th^
same is hereby, granted to said company, their
successors and assigns, for the construction of
a railroad and telegraph from Corinne City;
Utah Territory, to the Northern Pacific rail'
road, or to said Helena and Northern Utah
railroad, as said company may elect, together
with the right to increase their capital stock
in proportion to the increased length of their
line, by resolution of their board of directors,
and the filing with the auditor of public ac-
counts of Utah of an additional certificate
setting forth said increase, and to take from
the public lands adjacent to the line of said-
road material of earth, stone, timber, and
water for the construction and maintenance
thereof, and the necessary ground for station-
buildings, workshops, depots, machine shops-,
switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-
stations not exceeding twenty acres for every
ten miles of the main line of said road; pro-
vided, that no private property shall be taken
for the use of said company except in the
manner prescribed by the laws of Utah Terri-
tory, or by section three of an act entitled
" An act to amend ' an act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes,' ap-
proved Jul3' 1, 1862," approved July 2, 1864.
The second section provides that said com-
pany shall be, and they are hereby, authorized
and empowered to mortgage, in the usual man-
ner, their franchise, road-bed, and all property
belonging to said company, to an amount not
exceeding $30,000 per mile for the entire
length of said road, upon such terms as may
seem to them best; and upon said mortgage
may issue mortgage bonds, not to exceeded
$30,000 per mile; provided that in no case
shall the (Juited States be responsible for said
bonds.
The third section provides that the rights
herein granted shall not preclude the constiuc-
tionof other roads through any canyon, defile,
or pass on the route of said road ; nor shall
anything herein contained be construed as
recognizing or denying the authority of the
Governor and Legislature of Utah Territory to
create railroad corporations.
The fourth section provides that said com-
pany shall locate said railroad and telegraph
line within eighteen months from the passage
of this act, and shall complete the same within
ten years thereafter; failing in which this act
shall be null and void.
The fifth section provides that Congress
hereby reserves the right to alter, amend, or
repeal this act at any time, having due regard
to the rights of said company.
Mr. HOLMAN. In section four I hope the
gentleman will strike out "eighteen" and
insert " twelve," as the policy has been to re-
quire these locations to be made in twelve
months.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
decline to yield for any such amendment, aa
1 think the time is short enough now.
The House divided; and there were-—ayes 64,
noes 25.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the bill
passed.
CINCINNATI PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, called up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which a bill (H. R. No.
2867) to regulate the exercise of the right of
eminent domain in securing a site for public
buildings in the city of Cincinnati was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
