1248
the congressional globe.
February 27,
[Mr. Dawes,] then chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, that no part of the
money should be expended until the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had required contracts
to be made for the completion of the building
for not more than a certain sum which was
named—$300,000. Then in the next bill which
came up, which I believe was a deficiency bill,
we appropriated the $31,539*36, which I have
already mentioned, to complete the building.
That made about three hundred thousand dol-
lars. This has all been expended ; and now
we are asked to appropriate in this bill more
than one hundred thousand dollars more.
Mr. Chairman, I am asked why I do not
move to strike out this appropriation. I do
not desire to have it struck out. I suppose it
is necessary that the building should be com-
pleted j otherwise we shall lose what we have
already expended. I desired to bring to the
attention of the House and the country the
system upon which our public buildings are
being erected. This ease, I presume, is but a
specimen of all the others. Two years ago
we made an appropriation to 1' complete the
court-house in Portland, Maine." Now we
have in this bill an appropriation "to com-
plete the court-house" again. Your Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or the parties under him,
pay no sort of regard to the acts of Congress.
You may hedge tliese officers around with nil
the prohibitions you please ; they deliberately
overstep them ; and you, by your renewed
appropriations, sustain them in doing so.
If the committee will allow ine, I will say
just one word more. The report of the archi-
tect makes the lying statement that the amount
thus far expended is only a little over two
hundred thousand dollars, while the amount
actually expended thus far is over two hun-
dred and ninety thousand dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am always
glad to receive t.he assistance of any gentle-
man who will help to reduce any of the esti-
mates or appropriations which can properly be
reduced ; and 1 therefore take great pleasure
in accepting t.he amendment, of the gentleman
from Illinois, and shall ask the committee to
strike out the $14,000 of which he has spoken.
Of course in doing this I follow his more
accurate knoweldgo of the wants of his own
State, for I am far from wishing to thrust the
public money on Illinois against the wishes of
her Representatives. 1 will say, however, that
we havw the recommendation of the supervis-
ing architect and of tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and it, is also stated, and not denied, that
a large amount of lumber was burned up in
the yard. And it is also stated, and not denied,
that the marine hospital itself was wholly
burned, and the building now in process of
erection is to replace it. I have offered the
paragraph now tinder discussion because I
supposed the public service lequired it.
I wish to say one thing more. I am im-
pressed with the idea that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswoiitii] has a personal
rather than a public point to gain in his
speech. His remarks on this and other simi-
lar topics have reminded me a number of times
this session of the old nursery rhyme in the
Book of Nonsense:
" There was an old man with a flute,
A sarpint sot into his bout ;
But he played day and night
Till the sarpint took flight,
And avoided that man with a flute."
[Laughter.]
If the gentleman plays on his Mullet flute
long enough, something will take flight. I
hope he will continue his tune till both the
House and himself are satisfied with the music;
but it is not altogether certain who will be the
fugitive. [Laughter.]
Mr. FAliNSWORTfl. I move to amend
the amendment for the purpose of adding a
remark or two.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman cannot move to amend
his own amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How can I play on
my flute unless I do so? [Laughter.] But I
will withdraw my amendment and move to
strike out the preceding paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to the
withdrawal of the amendment. I want a vote
on it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the words "to make good the damage done
to the building and loss by fire," leaving the
appropriation to stand. I do this for the pur-
pose of showing to the committee that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
is either entirely misinformed on the subject
of this appropriation or does not desire to
understand it. Here is the answer to_my
inquiries on the subject which I have received
from the Department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hold in my hand
what I believe is a copy of the letter sent to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Here is the question:
" Was it [the building] injured by the great fire in
Chicago ? If so, how much ? "
And here is the answer:
" The old hospital was entirely consumed."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is what I
s fcjitocJ
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But that is not the
hospital for which you are making an appro-
priation :
" The new building was not injured; and the old
one, though in the possession of the Government,
did not belong to the Government, consequently
there was no loss."
Now, where was the loss?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the yard.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The fire did not
approach this building at all. There is no
appropriation in this bill for the loss of lum-
ber; it is "damage and loss to the building
by fire."
Mr. DICKEY. The lumber had been pur-
chased.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is very evident
that the gentlemen who have charge of the
bill know very little about this appropriation,
and that I shall not be able to get the inform-
ation I desire. A very remarkable item of
appropriation is that of $13,000 for grading
land which is already level; and the whole
land cost only $10,000 to begin with. Thir-
teen thousand dollars for grading a level piece
of ground!
Now, sir, the architect in his report states
that this hospital has cost thus far $207,458 16.
I hold in my hand here a statement of the
amounts-taken from the books of the Depart-
ment, showing that it has cost, providing they
have used all the former appropriations—and
I suppose they have, or they would not be here
for a deficiency—that it has cost $292,395 55.
Mr. DICKEY. Does that include the site?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That was only
$10,000. So there is a deliberate falsehood
somewhere.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman makes no
allowance for the difference in time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You have the offi-
cial report, and you have no other data upon
which you can go unless you examine the offi-
cial accounts. Now how long are we to go on
in this way in the matter of public buildings ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For five minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Sir, this is no tri-
fling matter, though it appears to be to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations;
and I am surprised that he should treat this
exhibition of wasteful extravagance and dis-
regard of law in the manner he does.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read a report in reference
to this subject; but before it is read I desire
to say that when this matter of appropriations
for deficiencies for public buildings came be-
fore the Committee on Appropriations we, in
the first place, sent to the Department for all
the information they had to communicate in
writing. Having that before us, and being
still dissatisfied, we sent for the supervising
architect of the Treasury, but at that time he
was absent from the city. However, the as-
sistant architect came before us, and we heard
his statement; and subsequently, when the su-
pervising architect returned to the city, we had
him before the committee, and obtained all the
facts the committee could on the subject. If'
we have failed in diligence in any respect, I
am most happy to be correctod here by the
gentleman from Illinois, or by any other
member. It is impossible, of course, for the
Committee on Appropriations to know all the
particulars of the local positions of these
public buildings thousands of miles away,
and if he knows more than we do about this
case, I am most happy to join with him in
striking down this appropriation ; but I can-
not consent to allow him to assume that the
Committee on Appropriations treated lightly
any of the facts or figures in this case, and I
trust the gentleman will not go back on his
own motion, and will not fail to vote with us
in striking down this appropriation to which
he objects. I now ask the Clerk to read the
explanation submitted in writing by the super-
vising architect of the Treasury to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Thesumof $77,383 89 asked for the completion of
the marine hospital, Chicago, is the balance of the
amount authorized by act of July 15, 1870, to be
expended, but not at that time appropriated for
work on the building. In addition to this amount
the sum of $13,987 05 is asked for fencing and grad-
ing the lot. This expenditure was notcontemplated
by estimates made for the building, but is needed to
level and grade and inclose the lot with an appro-
priate fence. The sum of $14,060 50 asked to make
good damage done to building and loss by fire is
strictly a deficiency, and will be required to finish
the building. The damage to the building was
caused by its exposure to the weather in an unfin-
ished state, and the waste of materials on suspen-
sion for su long a period. The loss by fire was in-
curred in the burning up of a quantity of flooring
which was stacked in a lumber-yard during the
recent fire, and on account of the increase of wages
which has occurred sincc that calamity causing a
corresponding increase of the building over its esti-
mated cost.
" When completed the cost of this property will
be as follows:
Amount already expended on building... $282,395 45
Authorized by act, now asked to com-
plete   77,883 89
Total cost of building authorized by Con-
gress   359,779 34
Deficiency caused by suspension of work, 14,060 50
Grading and fencing  13,987 05
Cost of site  10,000 00
Total value of property $397,826 89
" It will be seen by reference to the above that had
the work not been suspended the sum of $14,060 50
would have been saved in its construction, and the
building been available as a refuge for the distressed
and houseless after the fiery visitation. The build-
ing is not inclosed, and had the entire amount of
the appropriation been available it would have been
almost completed. As it is, if the sums asked lor are
at once granted the building will be made ready for
oecupaney during the summer, and inasmuch as the
old marine hospital was destroyed, it is absolutely
necessary to provide accommodations at the earliest
possible moment."
message from the senate.
Here the committee rose informally; and
Mr. Twichell having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, a message from the
Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks,
informed the House that the Senate had
passed, with amendments, the bill (H. R. No.
1529) for the relief of Francis A. Eastman,
postmaster at Chicago, Illinois.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 1260) to
provide for the admission of photographs for
exhibition free of duty, with amendments j in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
deficiency bim.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I simply wish to
