1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOI
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
Ho. of Reps.
sixty-seven principal artioles. It is not so com-
plicated as it is sometimes represented; and,
indeed, complaint was made iti the other
branch of Congress the other day that three
fourths of the duties come from fifteen
■Rut,:the complication is one great source of
confusion and trouble. We can secure sim-
plicity by striking off one after another all
duties which do not pay a revenue commensu-
rate with the burden. This bill places one
hundred and fifty articles on the free list.
Wise reform will not be sloshing, may even
seem slow. Protectionists must concede that
successful production and the growing busi-
ness of the country will create new relations.
With growing wealth and population customs
witl increase so that the rates can be dimin-
ished. They will be first rfemoved from every
necessary and from every raw material which we
do not produce. Then must fcofne reduction
in duties on-raw materials produced here in-
volving little labor. Duties will settle upon
the advanced products of industry, so tjjat they
may not be multiplied by middle-men. When
our population doubles, the needed revenue
will doubtless require a much lower percent-
age and on fewer articles, as well as a lower
per capita aggregate than now. Now and
always ohanges in the tariff may be made so as
to relieve labor and encourage production, to
mitigate charges bearing on the necessaries of
life, and to leave them on luxuries ; to avoid
reduction of wages while cheapening the cost
of living ; to simplify and to reduce every sched-
ule of demand on the citizen, and to make less
frequent the visit of the tax-gatherer.
That will be by steady, moderate protection
to home labor, to develop production on the
soil to an extent which shall give substantial
basis to commerce, and insure the freest trade
with all the world. To that end we must
adhere to American ideas, and learning all w.e
can from British policy, still be brave enough
to have a financial policy distinctively Ameri-
can, to legislate in an American Congress for
American citizens.
My aim will be to help in amending the
pending bill so as to secure something of these
results, and then to pass it at the earliest prac-
ticable day.
* Senator Hamilton, of Maryland, in Senate,
March 20,1872, said:
"Take again, Mr. President, these great arti-
cles, both prime and what I may choose to call the
secondary necessities of life, and the revenue they
yield is:
•Sugar, and the manufactures thereof.. $33,603,397 51
Tea !   ......  8,380,702 93
Coffee    10,979,980 08
Salt   -     1,576,837 81
Rice  1,320,813 23
traits    3,428,706 46
Cottons, and manufactures of  10,775,522 14
Wool, and manufactures of.  33,650,729 30
Silk, and manufactures of    17,967,214 80
Flax, and manufactures of.    6,398,578 23
Leather, and manufactures of.  3,839,992 07
Glass, and manufactures of  2,464,477 67
Iron and steel, and manufactures of... 18,682,145 44
Lead  ....    1,869,724 34
Bituminous coal     538,135 72
Aggregate revenue from these fifteen
articles     $155,477,017 73
" The whole revenue collected for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1871", was, as I have hitherto stated,
8202,446,673 32, showing the important fact that
$155,500,000 were collected from these'fifteen articles,
leaving but 846,500,000 to be' collected from the
numerous other articles liable to duty to make up
the whole amount of rev«nue- derived from duties
forthat year." ....
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. W. D. KKSLLEY,
oe pennsylvania,
Is the House of Representatives,
May 1, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under consider-
ation the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduoe duties on
imports and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes—
Mr. KELLEY said:
Mr. Chairman : Before proceeding to the
discussion of the details of the bills before the
"Committee of the Whole, it may be proper
that I should give notice that when general
debate shall have closed and we come to the
consideration of the bill by sections, I will
move to strikeout the enacting clause of House
T^ill No. 3322, which is nominally the bill of
the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means, for the purpose of moving in the House
that House bill No. 2348 be committed to the
Committee of Ways and Means with instruc-
tions to report the same, or a part thereof,
forthwith for the consideration of the House.
I think candor to the House and to my col-
leagues of the Committee ofWays and Means
requires me to make this statement.
1 cannot speak of the " bill of the majority,"
for there is no such bill before the committee.
That bill which is called " the minority bill "
has my honorable friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] and myself to avow our adhesion
to its general provisions. But what is called
the " majority bill" comes before us as a waif,
fatherless, without parentage; it is in truth
nullus ftlius. No man is willing to own its
form or features as his lineaments. Those
who might be spoken of as its putative father
hasten to disown it. . And I do not wonder at
it, for it is wanting in form and comeliness;
and if it has a spirit it is an evil one, that
bodes no good to the country.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burch-
a"rd] when discussing the general subject
before the Committee of the Whole, rather
than the provisions of the bill, spoke not only
for those who agree with him in opinion, but
undertook to speak for those who entertain
opposite views, and said that—
" The theory of protection asserts that prohibition
is the road to national wealth. It discourages foreign
trade, srtthoug-h profitable, shuts our market against
commodities cheaply produced abroad, and aims to
stimulate their home production even at enhanced
cost. It concerns itself for a few favored producers,
and ignores the rights and claims of consumers; it
would force the establishment of manufactories,
though unremunerative, and-supportthem by public
contribution." * * * * "The extreme
protectionist's ideal is constrained diversification of
industry, commercial independence, Japanese isola-
tion."
Sir, from my boyhood up, being a Pennsyl-
vanian, I have been familiar with protectionists
and their arguments; for the last twelve or thir-
teen years I have studied their writings with
assiduity. While a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means I have met hundreds if
not thousands of the earnest protectionists
of the country in this city and elsewhere on
business connected with customs duties. And
I say without fear of contradiction that I have
never found one among them all who enter-
tained any such opinions as those ascribed to
them by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bouchard.] And therefore on their behalf I
disclaim his interpretation either of their views
or motives.
By the way, I may remark in passing that
I shall not do as the majority have done when
kicking their bantling, attempt to interpret the
motives of gentlemen. I give them credit for
as much honesty of purpose as I myself pos-
sess. I believe, however, that they are so
infatuated with abstract theories that' they.can-
not take proper note and acconVit of Current
facts, and speak in utter disregard ;of'the gen-
eral results of the last ten years, of the,pres-
ent condition of the industries of the Country
and of the proportionate distribution of the
rewards of industry between capital and labor.
The protectionists cif the United States be-
hold in our country a world gifted «wilh all
soils, all climates, all mineral resources, and
with the powers of Wind, water, and fuel on a
grander scale than the nations of Europe
Combined. Th£y believe in developing these
resources of our country, in making wind and
wave ahd fire, and all the powers of nature dis-
closed to ns by Science, contribute to the wel-
fare of man. They believe in so applying
science and the mechanic arts that the exhaust-
ing drudgery of labor may be lifted 'from the
shoulders of the toiling masses and put upon
organized iron and steel moved by Bteaih and
guided^ by man Or woman.
Sir, if gentlemen will visit the machine-
shops in my district (the leading district in the
country in machine shops) they will see that
the heaviest work-done in many of them could
by the aid of machinery be done by cultured
youth and women. The pulley, the wheel, the
lever, the screw, and the trip-hammer lift the
burden from the muscles of man, and, obedient
to his will, achieve their astonishing results.
Yes, sir, theprotectionists would develop our
natural resources. They would also develop
and stimulate commerce. How? By removing
all commercial restrictions that intervene be-
tween us and the non-manufacturing people of
the tropics, the ancient East, and the islands of
the sea. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] spoke of the time when our flag was
to be seen in the distant straits of Malacca.
Ay, sir, that was when tin and tea and coffee
were free. To woo back that commerce the
minority of the committee, as protectionists,
propose to pot tin again on the free list with
the productions of the lands which yield us tea
and coffee—and those of the people who dwell
among the spice groves of the world or find
shade beneath trees that drop their medicinal
gums. These people produce what we need
for food, for medicine, and in the arts; we
produce what they need; and we would remote
all restrictions from commerce between them
and our countrymen.
We would also remove all restrictions oil
trade and commerce between American citi-
zens. We wish to emancipate our domestic
commerce. To-day the trade of our country
is so embarrassed that in large lines of indus-
try and commerce no man knows that the rev-
enue detective may not at any moment come
upon his premises and degrade him by arrest
and ultimate conviction. We are collecting
this year from our own productions and com-
merce between our own people, by stamp and
other internal taxes, from one hundred and
thirty-five to one hundred and forty million
dollars, thus embarrassing at every point the
production of wares, fabrics, agricultural sta-
ples, and restraining commerce between Amer-
ican citizens in their own land. Pursuing free-
dom of trade, the party I represent, the protec-
tionists, would hasten the day when the odious
stamp tax shall be repealed, and when no Gov-
ernment detective shall enter the home or the
business place of an American citizen on legal
errand.
How would we raise sufficient revenue? Sir,
beyond the ocean, lying on the -same parallels
that mark the northern portion of our country,
are manufacturing nations—Great Britain,
France, Belgium, Germany, and Russia, which
latter country is now, under the protective
system, engaging largely in competition in, for-
eign markets with. Great Britain and France.
They produce what -we do—iron, steel, and
