1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2145
as a substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] the ori-
ginal section forty-three of this bill, which I
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That the provisions and limitations of the
acfc entitled "An act to limit the liability of ship-
owners. and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1851, are hereby extended and applied to all ves-
sels required to be inspected by this act, and tlie
owner or owners, charterer or charterers, officers and
mariners thereof, and shall have the same force and
effect as to such vessels, owner or owners, chatterer
or charterers, o0icers_and marines, respectively, as
such provisions and limitations now have as to the
ships or vessels, owner or owners, charterer or char-
terers, officers and mariners, respectively, to which
or whom the said act now applies; and sach provis-
ions and limitations are also extended and applied
to all claims for loss ot life or personal injury, both
as against the owner or owners, charterer or char-
terers of the vessel, and the captain, mate, eng-ineer
and pilot thereof.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Is an amendment
to the substitute in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not strictly in order,
but if there is no objection, the Chair will
entertain it.
No objection was made.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I move to amend
the substitute by striking out the last clause,
which reads as follows:
And such provisions and limitations are also ex-
tended and applied to all claims for loss of life or
personal injury, both as against the owner or own-
ers, charterer or charterers of the vessel, and the
captain, mate, engineer, and pilot thereof.
Mr. NEGLEY. I now desire to call the
previous question on the bill and pending
amendments.
Mr. KERR. I hope that will not bo done.
I want the bill to pass in proper form, and I
hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Negley] will not insist upon cutting off debate
by the previous question.
The SPEAKER. There will be an hour for
debate after the main question shall have been
ordered.
Mr. KERR. That will not be sufficient. I
am sure the House will desire more time than
that to consider the sections of my amend-
ment, which are extremely important, and I
desire to state what they are. I hope the
House will do me the justice 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if there is to be a prolonged debate upon this
question there must be some change in the
understanding which has been had. The gen-
tleman now moves six sections as one amend-
ment. The House agreed to consider this bill
under the five-minute rule as iu Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. KERR. I was about to say that I de-
sire to state the purport of these amendments
in just as few words as may be necessary to
make them clear and intelligible to the House ;
and I do think that the House ought not to be
content with a less lengthy statement than may
be required for that purpose.
Mr. CON6ER. Before the decision is made
as to the order of proceeding, I desire that the
section as it stood originally shall be consid-
ered as still remaining in the bill, so that if
this substitute be not adopted, the original
section will remain for the consideration of
the House."
Mr. KERR. To that I most emphatically
object.
The SPEAKER. The arrangement sug-
gested by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Cogger] would not be in accordance with the
understanding which has beSn had. The sec-
tion was dropped from the bill by general con-
sent. It is now pending as an amendment,
and can be put back if a majority of the House
so desire. It is pending as a substitute for the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. CONGER. I was not aware of that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires_ that
the House should proceed understanding^.
This bill has by unanimous consent been con-
sidered thus far as in Committee of the Whole
under the five minute-rule. If there be no
42d Cong. 2d Sess.-—Uo. 135.
modification of that understanding,' it will be
the duty of the Chair to limit the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to five minutes.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I hope that by
unanimous consent the gentleman from Indi-
ana will have such time as he may need to
explain briefly his amendment.
Mr, KERR. I shall not occupy one moment
longer than may appear to me to be indis-
pensably necessary.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not, propose to object,
so far as the gentleman from Indiana is con-
cerned; but I shall object to any debate after
that, except under the five-minute rule.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. It would
be manifestly unfair to allow the gentleman
from Indiana more time than those who may
follow him.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I insist that the rule
shall be adhered to.
Mr. NEGLEY. If gentlemen could agree
upon some division of the time, I would have
no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair a moment ago
made a suggestion which he thinks the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] did not appre-
hend. The five-minute rule would, under the
construction of the Chair, be considered as at
an end, with reference to this bill, after the
previous question had been seconded. There
would then be an hour at the disposal of the
gentleman having charge of the bill, which
might be devoted so as to accommodate the
gentleman from Indiana to longer time than
he can otherwise obtain, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will accommodate the
gentleman with as much time as we can afford
to give him out of the hour.
Mr. KERR. I would not he willing that
the time which might be necessary for me to
discuss this bill should be taken out of the
hour at the expense of other gentlemen who
may wish to talk on this subject. I repeat
that these amendments are of the utmost im-
portance. I want this House to be impressed
by the tact that they really involve as important
matters as any others embraced in the bill.
Mr. CONGER. May not each of the sec-
tions be treated, for the purpose of debate, as
a separate amendment?
TheSPEAKER. That would requireunan-
imous consent just as much as would a pro-
longation of the time.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
that each of the sections may be considered
as a separate amendment for the purpose of
debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again submits
the question whether the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] may have his time pro-
longed.
Several Members. For how long ?
Mr. KERR. I think I shall be able to get
through in fifteen minutes, although I may
occupy a little longer.
Mr. POTTER. Let me say one word. These
propositions involve an entire change of the
law in respect to common carriers ; and they
certainly require careful consideration. They
cannot be considered as they ought to be
under the five-minute rule.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to waive this question
for the present, as he originally proposed to
do, and bring in his proposition as a separate
bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. That
seems to me a very proper suggestion. There
is already a law in existence upon this subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was upon
that understanding that general Consent was
given the other day to strike out the section.
We did not understand that we were to open
up a general debate of this kind.
Mr. DICKEY. It was generally understood
this morning that we would get through this
bill in an hour.
Mr. KERR. I want to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that
personally it was my desire to stand by the
arrangement of last Thursday. I want to say
to the House, after the section on last Thurs-
day was stricken out, very numerous telegrams
were sent here by persons engaged all over
the country in this kind of commerce, impor-
tuning the members of the House to allow
this section t,o retaain in the bill, or if not, to
incorporate in the bill something which would
guaranty to them the substantial advantages
which they hoped to secure under this section
forty-three.. 1 say liow, Mr. Speaker, as I
have already said to the House this morning,
that in deference to those repeated requisi-
tions I desire the House will allow this amend-
ment to be offered and considered. I under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Negley] is wiilingto agree to the arrangement.
Mr. GARPilSLD, of Ohio. Section foity-
three was stricken out the other day because
we supposed the subject was a difficult one
and ought to be considered in a separate bill.
The amendment which the gentleman from
Indiana now proposes, containing six sections,
is really equivalent to a new bill, Which he
proposes we shall go on to consider, and in
that way still longer defer the consideration
of pressing public business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Itcovers
the whole question of the loss of life.
Mr. CONGER. It is important this sectiort
should remain in the bill until a proper amend-
ment is prepared and passed.
The SPEAKER. Section forty-three is still
pending before the House, as it has not yet been
acted upon, but its consideration was post-
poned until the House should get through with
the bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not know that there
is any objection to allowing the gentleman from
Indiana twenty minutes in which to explain
the various sections of his amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. NEGLEY. There is no objection to
the gentleman from Indiana having twenty
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will agairi jput
the question to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is the
same time to be allowed to the other side?
Mr. BIRD. Of course; if the gentleman
has twenty miniites, twenty minutes ought to
be allowed to the other side.
Mr. NEGLEY. Does the gentleman from
Indiana agree to a demand for the previous
question at the expiration of forty minutes 7
Mr. KERR. I do not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This
covers the whole question of life and limb on
board of steamers, the most important thing
we cati deal with.
The SPEAKER. For whom on the other
side are twenty minutes asked?
Mr. KERR. I do not agree that at the
expiration of forty minutes the previous ques-
tion shall be ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This proceeding is under
the distinct understanding that this bill shall
be considered in the House as in Committee
of the Whole under the five-minute rule, and
it will require unanimous consent to vary that
rule. , ,
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I object
to any variation of that rule.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Indiana is entitled to five minutes. _
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask a question ot
the Chair. I understand the forty-third sec-
tion was once stricken out, and that an amend-
ment is now moved in totidem verbis the same
as the forty-third section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The forty-third section
was not stricken out, but is still pending. Its
consideration was postponed in order to allow
it to be more fully considered at the end ot
the bill. That did not deprive gentlemen who
