1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. FARNSW0RTH. Has the work been
done?
Mr. LYNCH. I understand that the work
has been done.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. We have a law
which makes it a penal offense to do work of
this kind in advance of appropriations.
Mr. LYNCH. That may be. But in many
cases the work has been so done, and I think
it is so in this case. The workmen have been
paid, and I understand this appropriation to
be for material that has been supplied and
labor that has been performed, and for which
the Government has received full value. I
think the Government has received full value
for the work, and the officer there, as I have
said, is a thoroughly honest man, such a man
as no member from the State of Maine need
be ashamed of having recommended for any
position.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For furniture and repairs of furniture for public
buildings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment for the fiscal years prior to the year ending
Juno 30,1870, $3,253 85.
Mr. POTTER. I offer the following amend-
ment to the paragraph which has been read:
At the end of tlio paragraph add the following :
Por the deficiency in tho salary of tho deputy
Treasurer, assay office, New York,.for tho fiscal year
ending June 30,1872, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To pay Mrs. Julia A. Smith, administratrix of the
estate of the late Charles B. Smith, formerly receiver
of public moneys, acting as disbursing agent at
Brownsville, Nebraska, the sum of $040 70 is hereby
appropriated out of any money m tho Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out that paragraph, which is identical with
the bill which passed the House this morning.
The motion to strike out the paragraph was
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Military establishment:
For tho pay department, for tho allowance to the
officers of tho Army for transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty, with-
out troops, escort, or supplies, $90,000.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out " $90,000 " and insert-
ing ''$10,000." I move this amendment that
1 may have an opportunity of saying that
I hope this House will not vote to supply
any deficiency for the War Department until
the majority of this House consents to allow
us to know what the expenditures of the War
Department are and have been, and what has
been spent by it in addition to appropriations
made. I want to know how this deficiency
was created, and what it was for. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury certifies to Congress
in his report that while the appropriations
for the War Department for the last year
were $35,799,901 82, the real expenditure was
$44,080,084 95. He says in a note that
$35,799,991 82 is "the net amount, after
deducting $8,280,093 13 repaid into the Treas-
ury as proceeds of sales of ordnance, &c.; the
true expenditures were $44,080,084 95."
When I offered a resolution to-day directing
the Secretary of War to tell us what amount
of property had been sold by that Department
in the last five years, although profession after
profession has been made by gentlemen on the
other side of the House that they are desirous
to know these facts, yet somehow or other
objection is always made so that we cannot
ascertain it, and are not allowed to make the
inquiry. For three years I and other gentle-
men on this side of' the House have been
endeavoring to get at these facts. I regret
that my old chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to-day saw fit to object to these
facts being told.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman refer to me?
Mr. BECK. No, sir; I refer to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the former chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORGAN". The leader of the other
side of the House.
Mr. BECK. I assert that there is not a man
in the House who can guess within fifty mil-
lion dollars of what has been spent by the
War Department during the last six years.
All the surplus horses, mules, wagons, arms,
and ordnance, and everything else have been
sold, and spent in ways we know not of, in
addition to all the appropriations which have
been made by Congress, and while it is always
professed on the other side that they desire to
know where this money has gone, somehow
or other objection is made when we seek to
find out the facts. If they had desired in
good faith to know the facts, a resolution
such as I have offered would have obtained
them. Now is the time for the gentlemen
who wish to ascertain these facts to get them,
and if they refuse to allow us to do so, I know
of nothing better than to refuse to make any
appropriations for deficiencies in the War
Department until the facts are laid before us.
If the Representatives of the people are not
only not allowed to appropriate the money
necessary for the Department, but are merely
looked to to supply deficiencies, and if the
amount received from the sale of clothing,
ordnance, mules, and wagons is to be expended
in spite of the Representatives of the people,
surely we ought to be allowed the poor priv-
ilege of knowing how much has been spent,
and by whom, but it seems even that is denied
us now.
The Department now comes in with a defi-
ciency bill, without telling us how the deficien-
cies are created. I have evidence to show that
soldiers have been sent all over this country,
to New York to control elections, and to my
own State on false pretenses. Officers have
been running ahead, getting ten cents a mile
and expenses, going to and returning from
Long Branch during all last summer to get
the President to sign every paper that had to
be signed by him pertaining to the business
of the War Department, and now a deficiency
is asked for, and we are denied the poor priv-
ilege of knowing what has been done with the
money they have received from the property
belonging to our constituents which they have
sold. Until we can get these facts, so that we
can lay them before the men who have the
money to pay, I shall protest against a dollar
being appropriated for the War Department
to make up deficiencies. We have a right to
know these facts, and we have a right to com-
plain when gentlemen high in position here
object to a plain, fair, honest resolution asking
for information which this House ought to have.
The last Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommended and Congress passed a bill requir-
ing that all balances should be paid into the
Treasury hereafter. That was well so far as
it goes. We passed a bill through this House
requiring all proceeds of sales to be reported.
If the Senate will pass it that is another step
in the right direction, but for the last six years
we do not know what has been spent; never
before, until the current fiscal year ends, have
the Representatives of the people known how
much it has cost the Government to run either
the War or the Navy Department, or any other
Department, and every member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will bear me out in
that statement. Now, when a deficiency bill
is brought in for the amount of $8,000,000, it
is time for us to stop supplies till we know
what we are doing. There was a resolution
brought in and adopted by the House yester-
day, to inquire into the sale of arms to the
French Government. So far, good; but why
limit it to that? Why not inquire as to all
sales ? Has any Department of this Govern-
ment got so high that the Representatives of
the people have no right to know what they do
with the appropriations placed in their hands,
and with the proceeds of property which they
are authorized to sell? The War Department
has sold property of all descriptions, and re-
fused even to tell us, the Representatives of
the people, what has been done with ihe pro-
ceeds of those sales, or rather Congress will
not permit us to ask the question.
Sir, I hope that no member, at least on this
side of the House, will ever vote to supply a
deficiency for that Department until gentlemen
on the other side consent that we shall know
what has been done with what they have already
received, what has been done with the pro-
ceeds of the sale of ordnance, mules, horses,
and other property which has been sold. Four
or five years ago we were the richest people
on the face of the globe in war material, and
now where is it? Where has it gone? All
of it has gone in addition to all we have given
them, and we are denied the right even to ask
a question by the economical gentlemen on
the other side of the House. We must insist
on our right to know or refuse to tax the peo-
ple further to furnish supplies.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know what has
transpired to-day to justify the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] in charging that either
myself or any other gentleman on this side of
the House has denied him the right or oppor-
tunity to know what has been the expenditure
of the War Department. It is true that the
gentleman offered to-day a very long resolution,
which, under the rules of this House, must lay
over for one day at least, until we can have
an opportunity to see what it is. When it was
read at the Clerk's' desk I objected to it, be-
cause I did not exactly understand the full
scope of it. As it purported to go back for six
or seven years, it occurred to me that it was
worth while for us to wait until to-morrow
for the purpose of seeing just what it was that
my friend from Kentucky desired. For that
purpose, and that purpose only, I objected to
the consideration of the resolution to-day.
Afterward I withdrew ray objection.
Mr. BECK. I was not aware of that.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can go to
the country on the question of the sincerity
of his desire for information, when he and
those who followed him look into the Globe
of to-morrow and see that he refused to have
his resolution referred to the Committee on
Appropriations for examination.
Mr. BECK. I have tried that committee
for three consecutive years, and they have not
sought to obtain and furnish this information.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman served with
great fidelity during the last session of Con-
gress on the Committee on Appropriations,
and never found the slightest obstacle in that
committee or in the House to obtaining any
information that he desired, or any informa-
tion that he anywhere gave the slightest inti-
mation whatever of desiring to obtain in regard
to the expenditures of this Government. And
nobody on this side of the House has manifested
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
or to any other gentleman on that side of the
House, the slightest iudisposition to answer
fully and fairly every honest and just inquiry
into the expenditures of this Government. The
gentleman from Kentucky knows very well that
he will find us on this side of the House going
hand in hand with him anywhere and every-
where, and to any and every extent, in exam-
ining into the expenditures of this Government.
He cannot indicate any time when he has been
interrupted or hindered in any such examina-
tion by anybody on this side of this House. But
because the gentleman could not have his reso-
lution at once adopted by the House, his zeal
for information and knowledge subsided at
once, and he would not have hi3 resolution
referred to the proper committee for examina-
tion, the Committee on Appropriations. The
