1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
which contrived such a mercy for the present.
No ordinary forecast descried the need of
these deferring wcrds. No common anxiety to
abstain from thrusting at the present Exec-
utive, strove thus to trip the flying feet of a
constitutional amendment. One only usually
cautious, would never have gone to such con-
siderate pains. The national convention will
occur in less than half a year, and the election
in ten months, and most men, in their loose
and carelcss habit, would not have stopped to
think that a constitutional amendment which
has made no progress in half a century, might
suddenly escape from Congress now, and whirl
through the Legislatures of three quarters of
all the States, within so short a time.
Without such saving words, however, we
might Lave been cast in a pit. Spreading like
fire on a prairie, a furor tor the amendment
might have swept the country, and when the
convention was ready to nominate, and the
people to elect, the candidate might have been
found constitutionally dead.
Thanks to the forethought of its distinguished
mover, the amendment is iron-clad against
such a catastrophe. So far, all is well, but
only so far. In spite of all this, in spite of the
care of the scribe, in spite of the insight of
the statesman, and the foresight of the prophet,
it is an electioneering document still. This
was unavoidable, it'it was to be broughtup be-
fore the election. The pith of the measure,
was the " one term principle." That, could
not be left out, or covered up. There was the
rub, and there was (he electioneering efficacy
also. If the American people in Congress as-
sembled, and in their respective States, now
pronounce for the one-term dogma, how can
they stultify themselves, and straightway tram-
ple on the dogma, by electing a President for
a second term? Such will be the logic when
the tune comes. In spite, therefore, of the
thoughtful provision that the amendment shall
not take etfect before the people can turn
round, it does after all take full etfect upon the
present canvass. Indeed it is almost a pity
that the postponing clause was put in at all—
it only rouses suspicion that it was inserted
just to throw dust in the people's eyes, and
impose on somebody. Worldly minds will
believe that gravely putting off the time when
the amendment, shall take effect, till alter a
date, before which no one could expect a wise
amendment to be ratified, was only a sly way
to rid the affair of the appearance of person-
ality, in order to gain for it a more unsuspect-
ing hearing.
Worldly minds will reason that if the real
object was to produce no effect on the ap-
proaching election, but only on subsequent
elections, the whole purpose would have been
attained by deferring the introduction of the
amendment till the next session of Congress.
The Senator from Massachusetts has been
elected and reelected three times in succes-
sion to the Senate, for six years each time.
During his repeated terms, there has been but
one occasion, before this, when the proposi-
tion he now brings forward, could not have
been considered on its merits, without even
the appearance of being aimed at any individ-
ual.
When Mr. Lincoln's second nomination was
approaching, such a proposition, had that lime
been selected for it, would 110 doubt have been
regarded as a thrust at him. Excepting that
one occasion, a year could hardly be found
during the last thirty-nine years, when the
proposition might not have been canvassed
without reflecting upon anyone. From Jack-
son to Lincoln, neither party, except in one
case, lias renominated a President, or seriously
thought of doing so.
Such an innova'ion, could have been can-
vassed without personality during the present
Administration, at any lime before antagon-
isms cropped out, and before public sentiment
had ripeued in favor of conferring a second
term upon the present Executive. But it has
been held back, and now, having been heralded
for weeks in newpapers, and called "the big
gun" of the Senator, it is brought into a polit-
ical canvass. The fact that it is so brought,
implies that urgent reasons prompt it. is it
designed to carry to the country the idea that
special objections t.o a reelection, objections
new and urgent, exist in the present case? Is
it meant to create the impression that patron-
age has been specially prostituted of late, or is
it deemed necessary to resort to means so
unusual, to defeat a candidate who cannot be
defeated otherwise?
The country will construe the proceeding
with unerring discernment.
The advocates of ihe candidate at whom this
bow is bended, will derive encouragement from
it. Desperate cases, require desperate reme-
dies, ana heroic treatment.
After all the depths and shoals of calumny
have been sounded, after falsehood and vul-
garity have been poured out till grossness itself
is sated, after every weapon in the poisoned
armory of rancor has been plied, after the re-
sources of civilized and of savage warfare have
been exhausted, what must be the hold of a
candidate on the affections and respect of his
countrymen, when the last chance of his over-
throw is by constitutional amendment!
He is not the first magistrate who has un-
dergone persecution, in which hatred, jeal-
ousy, and baffled intrigue, have mingled their
gall in bitter cruelty. The penalties he pays,
have been paid by the fearless and the upright
who have gone before him, and paid, as he
pays them, for vindicating the independence
and purity of his great office.
Injustice is heaped 011 him, and on those
who sustain him. To espouse him, is to incur
the vengeance and the libels of the most viru-
lent newspapers in the land.
Presses and demagogues vie with each other
in assaults upon him, but this is the old story,
and he ia secure, as no predecessor for forty
years has been secure, against detraction and
defeat.
Forty years ago, Senate and country rang
with a higher din than we hear. Then, as
now, a reelection was pending, and the Presi-
dent was the object of attack. Then, as now,
both parties furnished the assailants. Then,
as now, bitterness and injustice ruled the hour.
Then giants dealt the blows, and stout were
tlief bosses of his buckler who could stand
against them. Then, as now, the waves of
party and of faction dashed against a soldier
and a patriot, but the people believed in Jack-
son. and the waves were shivered into spray.
Mr. Lincoln's administration, also, met with
foul denunciation, and envenomed defection.
Who has forgotten the attitude then, of men
and presses who assail the President now? But
the man assailed, was again one in whom the
people believed, and editors, politicians, and
Senators, were alike impotent.
Compare the third year of Mr. Lincoln's
administration, with the third year now; com-
pare General Jackson's third year, with this;
compare the third year of any administration
since Washington's, and in strength with the
people, in usefulness and good results, in just
deserts, and in the certainty of its approval by
the nation, this century has seen no adminis-
tration so impregnable as this. Yet this lime
is chosen to launch an amendment to handcuff
the people in chosing whom they please for
President.
I have been speaking of time and occasion.
I would say something, also, of the merits ot
this measute without regard to time, lhere
is food for thought in what it omits, as much
as in what it proposes. It is not less suggest-
ive where it. is silent, than where it speaks.
It is a schcme to fetter the people perma-
nently in their free choice of a single officer
only, and that officer the only one, save the
Vice President, upon whose choice the whole
people act. Before we come to the wisdom of
this, something may be said of the propriety of
Congress suggesting it, and suggesting nothing
more.
It is not proposed to say of Senators or Rep-
resentatives that they shall not be chosen a
second time. On the contrary, Senators and
Representatives, while holding f-ist to their
own ineligibility, are to invite the people to
disqualify someb'ody else, and that somebody,
the man who may block the way to the one
elevation to which Senators and Representa-
tives are thought to aspire.
The awkwardness ot this, if it be awkward,
should not deter Congress from proposing an
amendment, if there were no other way to get
it before the country. But there is another
way. Two origins for constitutional amend-
ments are provided. They may be initiated by
Congress, but they need not be. Here are the
words of article five of the Constitution of the
United States:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shrill deem it necessary, shall propose
amendments to this Constitution."
Here is one way; but there is another, as
follows:
" Or, on the application of the Legislatures of two
thirds of the States, shall call a convention for pro-
posing amendments."
In view of this alternative provision; vesting
in the State Legislatures, equally with Con-
gress, power and discretion in this behalf, it
would seem that Congress is not the appropri-
ate sponsor of an amendment, sparing Senators
and Representatives, but hitting the President.
Such an amendment, proceeding from the
States, would have a certain fitness and deco-
rum, which cannot be imparted to it by those
who cling to their own privilege of reelec-
tion, and who may themselves be presidential
aspirants.
If we think the subject of second terms
of office, needs oveihauling, if we " deem it
necessary," in the words of the Constitution,
to propose amendments with that view, let us
turn our thoughts inwardly. Let us try to see
ourselves as others see us.
Do not Senators, as well as Presidents,
need to be delivered from temptation? Way
not Senators, as well as Presidents, be
tempted to scheme, and intrigue, and play the
demagogue, and defame other departments of
the Government, and neglect their duties, and
employ patronage, and even worse means, all
to secure a reelection, or, a still higher place?
Have not the aspirations of Senators to the
Presidency, been fruitful sources of mischief
at other stages in our history ?
Have not passionate discords, unseemly
contentions, cruel enmities, pernicious dis-
turbances, and bad legislation, grown out of
the ambition of members of one or the other
House of Congress?
The worst broils in our politics, have fes-
tered in Congress, and who does not Know
their cause ?
Think of the wrong, the injustice, the false
accusations and suspicions, the bad passions,
the abuse of public interest, the needless,
hurtlul agitat'ons, which would not have been,
if Senators and Representatives could never
have been candidates for the Presidency, or
candidates for reelection.
History speaks no uncertain voice in this
rcspect; and yet the Senate has been well
said to be the altar, not the staircase of
presidential hopes. Hecatombs of candidates
have been oflered up here, but none have
gone hence to the presidential chair. I call
the attention of friends around me to this
fact.
It. is long sincc a man who said " nigger'
could be elected President; it is much longer
since a Senator could be elected President.
Of all who have tried it, 1 think not one ever
yet peiformcd the feat of passing from this
Chamber to the chair of State. Men have
achieved nominations while in the Senate, like
Clay, Cass, and Douglas, but never an elec-
tion, The Constitution has not been m tne
