1872;]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
42d Gong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
Ho. of REPS.
The gentleman from Missouri said, in the
course of his speech, which from his stand-
point was very able, '"'that during the fiscal
year of 1870, 9,000,000 pounds of raw tobacco
were sent from the United States into Canada,
to be worked up into plugs there for export
on account of our high duty on licorice." N ow,
if this be a fair statement of cause and effect,
Dundreary's conundrum is exploded, for it is
the tail that waggles the dog. If the duty on
licorice impelled the emigration of tobacco
manufacturers from our country, it must be, I
say, the tail that waggles the dog, and not the
dog that waggles the tail.
Let us look at the facts. Licorice is im-
ported as a chemical, and is chiefly used in
pharmacy. The whole duty collected on it
for the fiscal year of which he speaks, 1870,
was $279,566 80. The part of that which
went into tobacco cannot be ascertained pre-
cisely, but it was probably forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars. I have made the best effort I
could to ascertain the amount, and have arrived
at the conclusion that it was between forty and
fifty thousand dollars; but I will grant the
gentleman that it amounted to $100,000.
Now, I venture to say that during^ that year
no tobacconist knew that he was paying a duty
on licorice. He paid it unconsciously, when
he bought the licorice at the current market
price ; but during that year the internal taxes
on tobacco were drawn out by assessment, by
supervision, by detectives, by espionage, by
arrests, indictments, prosecutions, imprison-
ment, and by involuntary banishment, attended
by the abandonment and forfeiture of all the
property which the fugitive left behind him.
Yet the gentleman says that the $100,000 of
duty on licorice drove them to Canada, leaving
us to suppose that the $31,350,708 80 collected
as internal tax did not disturb them at all, but
that they thought it delightful to have that
amount collected from them by such processes.
Mr. FINKELNBUftG. Was not a portion
of that tax returned to the exporters of tobacco?
Mr. KELLEY. I state the amount that
was taken from the tobacco trade by inter-
nal taxes during that year, and I cannot believe
that while they grieved over the duty on lic-
orice, they gave thanks every night in the
family circle that they had had the joy of
being arrested, indicted, and prosecuted, be-
cause they had not paid a proper proportion
of the $31,350,708 of the internal taxes col-
lected from tobacco. Now, I propose to let
one of the constituents of the gentleman from
Missouri who has spoken on this point be
heard. I refer to Mr. Christian Feper, a
tobacco manufacturer of the city of St. Louis.
Here is his testimony :
"There were forty-five manufacturers of tobacco
in the first district ot Missouri ruined because they
cuuld not do business honest!y; Some were arrested
for violation of law, and put in prison, and others
ran away. The intention of the law may bo good, but
there lies a great temptation in it. They will fall
sometimes. It is so enticing it draws men on to fraud.
We have had nine years' trial under the present laws,
and now we ought to have the stamp tried.
" By Mr. Mayxard :
" Question, Have you any other remedy to suggest
cxcept to stamp this plug tobacco ?
" Annoer. We have held meetings and we couldnot
find any other way but this stamp; we say let the con-
sumer be the judge.
"By Mr. Kelley:
" Question. Do you think the same abuses exist in
other districts?
"Answer. The first district of Missouri will com-
pare favorably with any other district in this matter.
"By Mr. Matnard:
" Question. Would we get more money if wo made
thft tax le«s4|>
"Answer. Protect us in a similar manner to this
stamp and the Government will get every cent. The
consumer stands between the Government and the
manufacturer. We, as manufacturers, of course,
would probably like to have no tax.
"By Mr. Kelley: . , , , ,
"Question. Do you think this law has demoralized
officers as well as manufacturers?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Now, sir, the people of Missouri are as
honest, high-toned, law-abiding as any in the
country. And that system of laws that pro-
duces such results as these in such a com-
munity should be hastened off your statute-
books at the earliest practicable day, as a cause
of demoralization. Such laws should not be
retained an hour beyond the time required for
their removal or for which the necessities of
the Government imperatively demand their
maintenance. I now ask the Clerk to do me
the favor, in the further consideration of this
branch of the subject, to read a petition from
the Cigar-Makers' Union of my district.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Senate and Home of Representatives
of tile United States in Congress assembled :
Gentlemen: Your petitioners are cigar-makers
who feel aggrieved by the present internal revenue
law relating to the manufacture of cigars: more
especially by section eighty-two of the law of 3868,
imposing taxes on distilled spirits, tobacco, &c. It
is the prayer of your petitioners to have the whole
of section eighty-two abolished, or so amended as to
make it less onerous. In its present form it bears
very hard on the small manufacturer, and the prac-
tical cigar-maker. The former find the greatest
difficulty in procuring bonds, such as the law de-
mands, and complying with the other requirements
of the law, and a great number of them are in this
way debarred from practicing their legitimate busi-
ness as independent men. This law relating to
giving bond seems to be superfluous. Of the many
millions of cigars manufactured bythe many manu-
facturers in this country last year, we have not
heard of a single instance where the Government
had to call on the bondsman to satisfy its demands
for taxes.
The license or special tax upon manufacturers of
cigars has also been levied very unjustly. A manu-
facturer who employs one or two hundred men pays
a special tax of ten dollars. The practical cigar-
maker who is out of employment with the manufac-
turer during a dull season, and has afamily depend-
ing upon him, is compelled to do something to sup-
port that family. He may be a man of delicate
health, or perhaps a maa maimed in his country's
service, What is he to do if he wishes to make
cigars? He is compelled to pay a special tax of
ten dollars also, and besides give bond with two
bondsmen in the sum of $600, for he cannot buy a
single pound of tobacco without proving that he has
authority from the assessor to manufacture cigars;
and then ho cannot offer his cigars for sale without
first paying all the tax the Government demands
upon them. Are there not safeguards enough to
protect the Government against fraud ? Make the
penalty for violation as severe as it can be made.
Wo do not complain at just laws or just taxation.
We are willing to cheerfully pay our proportion of
the taxes. Alt we ask is the privileges enjoyed by
other branches of industry in this free and happy
land.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, cigar-making
is a branch of business in which many women
engage. It is a work of the hands. Many of
the widows of our soldifers are employed in it.
And employing the hands only the soldier who
has lost his lower limbs, and is thereby de-
prived of the power to pursue the more active
calling to which he may have been reared, may
in a little while learn to make cigars, and in
my city many of them have done so. I will
read an extract from a letter of Mr. Ingham
W. Bisbing. a journeyman cigar-maker and the
president of the union whose memorial has just
been read, who in a letter addressed to me on
the 20th ultimo, thus expresses his views of
the system of free trade which the majority of
the Committee of Ways and Means propose to
perpetuate:
"I cannot understand why cigar-makers are sin-
gled out to bear the fetters of unjust restrictions as
much as are imposed by the present internal rev-
enue laws. Some undertake to defend the system
on tho ground that we are engaged in the manufac-
ture of luxuries. Admitting this, then we can say
the same of many other trades, yet they are not
hampered by like restrictions. If they have a lim-
ited capital, and wish to get into business for them-
selves, they can invest the whole of their capital in
stock; while, on the other hand, if a cigar-maker
has $100 and wishes to engage in making cigars,
before he can do so he must take from that amount
twenty-five or thirty dollars, and so far as receiving
any return from it, virtually throw it into the
street. It is this advantage the law gives the capi-
talist over the poor man of which we complain.
The man who meansto make a few cigars by
himself for sale, the poor widow who would
employ herself and her orphan children in mak-
ing cigars to sell from the front window of her
humble home, must pay the same license as
the man who makes and sells cigars' by'$h6
million per month, and she and each child
must seek the assessor, however disfanf his
office may be, and register themselves as cigar-
makers before they can legally make a cigar.
It is the injustice and inequality of these laws
of which people complain. And that injus-
tice and inequality are inherent in the system
of internal taxation. So long as it must remain,
so long must you put hard provisions in the
law for its enforcement. Therefore, I would
hasten tbe abolition of the whole system.
Sir, if by striking out the enacting clause of
bill No. 2322, we shall take up the minority
bill it will show that the internal tax system is
soon to be abolished, and the hard provis-
ions of which I speak will be comparatively
unnecessary. But if you mean to perpetuate
it, if you mean to say that there shall be free
trade betwenusand the manufacturing nations
of Europe, and not between ourselves, then
you must retain the hard provisions to which
I now invite your attention.
The bill also provides how the farmer may
sell his crop, and in what quantities lie may
sell it; I mean the farmed who grows tobacco.
What! has it come to that, that an American
citizen may not sell his crop where he pleases
and as he pleases? Yes, if you are going to
perpetuate this anti-republican system of tax-
ation, you must, in order that the manufac-
turer of tobacco may be able to pay his taxes,
provide that the farmers shall not sell unman-
ufactured tobacco to those who may smoke or
chew it. The bill requires every ignorant
freedmati who may raise a hundred pounds of
tobacco, and who may haye tbe opportunity to
sell it for direct consumption, to forego his
chance and sell it to a licensed manufacturer
or dealer in leaf tobacco, or to run the risk of
losing every pound he may have raised.
Now, if the minority bill shall be brought
up for consideration, it will be fairly presum-
able that we intend to get rid of this system of
taxation in the course of a few years, and we
may strike out these clauses regulating how a
man may sell his tobacco and in what form it
may be sold.
Sumptuary laws I Talk no more of Connec-
ticut blue laws, you Democrats who believe
in regulating how much tobacco a man may
sell to unlicensed purchasers, and in what
form it may be sold to citizens who would
smoke or chew it as it came from nature.
When you shall declare that such provisions
are to be perpetual in our laws, you will have
eclipsed all that has seemed odious in the
alleged blue laws of Connecticut.
Again, to insure the collection of the taxes
imposed on the dealer in leaf tobacco and the
manufacturer of tobacco, the peddler must be
compelled to put in large letters on both sides
of his wagon " tobacco for sale," and he must
carry his license to deal in this proscribed
staple of our country wherever he may go.
And, sir, should one cunning and dishonest
detective piek his pocket of his license, an
accomplice can demand its production, and if
the peddler can not show what has been stolen
from him, his pack, his mule, his horSe, his
wagon, his stock may all beforfeitedand sold.
They will all go, because he cannot produce
his license, though he be hundreds of miles
from home and from the office of the collector
to whom he paid his tax, and show that he has
bought and paid for the privilege to exchange
his goods for tobacco with farmers, or to ex-
change tobacco with them for their money or
wool or other farm product.
Mr. BLDREDGE. Will the gentleman tell
us what Democrats voted for that proposition ?
If I recollect rightly, when that proposition
was under consideration, every Democrat voted
' against it, and tlxe gentleman advocated it.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman's memory
