1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
stand here, or at least I do not stand hero,
making a charge. I only demand that the
resolution for investigation shall pass the
House and be answered by the head of the
Department. If there is nothing to conceal,
nothing is to be feared. But the House lias a
right to demand, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has a right to demand, I
have a right to demand, and the country
expects us to demand that there shall be
no attempt on the part of the House to con-
ceal the knowledge of these affairs from the
country.
Mr. DAWES. The demand' this morning
■was that all business should be suspended,
and that the Executive Departments of the
Government should go back seven years to
1865 and produce here, at whatever cost to all
other business, a copy of all their books before
any appropriation shall be voted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that debate be now closed.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment
and move to strike out the paragraph. I make
that motion merely to say that I believe the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]—and I
request the gentleman's attention—was mis-
taken when he stated that committees of this
House were now investigating the question of
■what sales of property had been made by- the
Departments during the last six years, in order
that they might report the results of their
investigation to the House. I ask the gentle-
man if they are now doing that?
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman is mistaken
in regard to the statement I made. The state-
ment I made was in response to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
stated that he introduced a resolution ordering
certain investigations to be made. I did not
state what the particular investigations were,
but in response to the gentleman I stated that
committees were making those investigations
which were ordered upon the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, my object was
to correct the impression that I knew would go
before the House and the country from the
statement made by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lynch,] that the inquiries which I was
now asking to be made were being made by
committees of this House. I knew that that
was not the fact, and that the impression the
country would receive from the statement of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] would
not be the correct one.
I am making no charges. I wish the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to under-
stand that I want to get at the facts, and if it
turns out from the facts that everything has
been conducted fairly, I shall be glad to hear it.
I have sustained all necessary appropria-
tions, as the gentleman well knows, as freely
as any member on the floor, and I intend to
do so in the future; but I want to know what
has been done with the money of the people
and with the proceeds of the sale of the peo-
ple's property. I want to know why there arc
deficiencies in this branch of the service. I
know that last spring, when the President and
the Post Office Department compelled a stop-
page of the mails for over a month between
Louisville and Lexington, two of the most
important cities in my State, the War Depart-
ment sent squads of soldiers all over my dis-
trict, beeause, they said, the Ku Klux had
interfered with the United States mail agent;
and I remember the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Shanks] made a speech occupying nearly
three whole pages in the.Globe, nine columns,
in trying to prove that fact, and the President
sent in his fecial message on that subject,
asserting the fact that the mails were insecure.
Now, sir, it turns out that Simeon Cook, of
Bagdad, Shelby ceanty, Kentucky, a Repub-
lican, who voted for Grant at the last elec-
tion, has surrendered himself to the Federal
authorities at Louisville as the man who com-
mitted the assault on the negro mail agent,
and has been admitted to bail in the sum of
$1,500. Sir, that is all the excuse there was
for stopping the mail between two of the most
important cities in my State, and it was known
here at the time all the clamor was raised that
a Republican who voted for Grant attempted
to strike a mail agent because of a private
grudge he had against him. For this the mails
were stopped for nearly two months and all
sorts of false reports were circulated for polit-
ical effect. My district swarmed with Fed-
eral soldiers, and the President sent a message
to Congress intimating that the State of Ken-
tucky ought to be put under martial law, when
any reasonable amount of prudence would have
developed the true state of the case. I stated
it then, and was merely hooted at.
Now, I want to know how much of this
deficiency is to be expended in paying the
expenses of the men who were sent into my
State. I can show from the report of the
Committee on the Insurrectionary States
that men were arrested by United States sol-
diers in North Carolina, under the lead of a
man by the name of Howie, because a few
citizens undertook to break up a house kept
by certain vile strumpets who were the special
friends of this feliow Howie. I want to know,
before I vote to supply this deficiency, whether
it is to pay for this service or what it is for. If
you will turn to the testimony of Mr. Whitby,
chief of the secret service, in the report, you
will see that he says that $10,000 were spent
under the orders of the Attorney General in
hunting up Ku Klux cases with United States
soldiers at his back. Sir, when a deficiency
for the Army comes in here I want to know
what it is for; and if it is for such purposes as
I have indicated, I intend to resist payment to
the extent of my ability.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I am sorry to see that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] is disposed to lash up the
party tiger on this matter of appropriation.
He first started out with the objection that we
did not allow a sufficient investigation, and 011
the expression of our purpose to allow an in-
vestigation, all at once another reason is dis-
covered, that the terrible Ku Klux is involved
in this matter. He wants the whole field gone
over, the vast report of the Ku Kliix commit-
tee discussed, before we act upon the question
of paying mileage to the officers traveling upon
the public service. •
Sir, I hope we shall proceed with the defi-
ciency bill, and if the sad day must come
when we must go into a fight on general pol-
ities, there is plenty of material here to scratch
out eyes and bloody noses, as is being done in
some other places in the United States, and in
this city. But I did hope the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States would follow
the sensible and peaceable business of doing
the business of the country.
Before asking that the debate be closed I
will yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. 1 will simply say that in
the remarks I made to the House I quoted a
portion of the message of the Governor of the
State of Kentucky, the charge made by the
jury of the court before whom the case came,
and the certificate of the officers who managed
the road, in a public advertisement, who stated
they could not run the road in safety. They
called on the United States authorities to pro-
tect them. The gentleman now reads from
some newspaper, I do not know what it is. I
quoted the official authorities of Kentucky, and
laid before the House simply the statement
what the officers of the gentleman's own State
said. I laid before the United States Congress
simply what was said by the officers of his own
State. What he may say now in defense of
the Ku Klux is a matter of little importance
to me. But it is important that I should say
to this House that I placed before it official
records from his own State, charging the very
offenses to which I referred, records from the
court where the judge charged the grand jury
to make the investigation into those very
offenses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not.
Mr. BECK. I intend to test the power of
the House in this matter.
Mr. DICKEY. Very well; let us test it now.
The question was taken on the motion that
the committee rise ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 59, noes 81.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Bdck, to strike out the pending para-
graph.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word of the paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I hope
the gentleman will speak to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point having been
made, the' gentleman must confine himself to
his amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I will withdraw that amend-
ment, and move to increase the appropriation
$5,000. I desire to say but a few woids, and
do not see why gentlemen who are speaking
here from week to week and from month to
month should object to my occupying a little
time, but a minute or two, where they occupy
days. If the debate is going on in that style,
I want to know it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and others. Go
on, go on.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has seen fit to say some-
thing about the evidence that has been taken
concerning the Ku Klux by a committee of
Congress. It has perhaps been my misfortune
that I have been connected with the taking of
that evidence. And in alluding to that evi-
dence he mentioned the fact that a gentleman
by the name of Howie, a witness before the
committee, has been authorized by (he United
States Government to travel all over the South,
orall over North Carolina, and arrest persons.
He has stated in connection with the fact that
this man Howie was authorized to do these
things that he had been assailed by the Ku
Klux because he was at the head of a house
of ill-fame, or something of that sort.
Now, let me say this in relation to this wit-
ness Howie: first, he testified to the interest
ing fact that he was a connection of General
Lee and of Mr. Custis, and through them, I
believe, of George Washington; that he had
been a rebel soldier fighting on that side through
the entire war. Mr. Howie was a railroad con-
tractor last year in the State of North Caro-
lina. He had taken his hands and tools there
and was at work, and was driven away because
he was a Republican. While his work was in
progress he went to Raleigh and attended a
Republican convention, and delivered aspeech,
ana because he, as a member of the Republican
party, took an interest as a partisan in that be-
nighted portion of North Carolina,he was visited
by a band of disguised and armed men, and
driven away from his work and from his prop-
erty. There may have been some assemblage
of persons at a house of ill-fame, such as has
been mentioned by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. But the substantial part of Mr. Howie's
testimony, and of the testimony of the gentle-
man who was his partner, and who testified in
connection with him as to this matter, was to
the effect that he was driven away from North
Carolina because he was a Republican. These
gentlemen were there in good faith construct-
ing a railroad, and on the night the Ku Klux;
came were at their own shanties, and fled and
concealed themselves in the woods near by
until their murderous persecutors had gone
away. No witness contradicts this, no other
witness was present with them who testified.
