2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Now. Mr. Speaker, there have been under
the law of 1851 numerous decisions in our
circuit courts as well as the Supreme Court of
the United States. Thus the law, as it is now
in operation, has been judicially defined or
construed. Those decisions aie kuown, under-
stood, and acceded to by the commercial world
as law. I think it very proper and desirable
that decisions of such importance and weight
should stand until the necessity of changing the
law upon which they are based, thereby upset-
ting all those decisions, shall be very apparent
and very clear. It is for that reason that I have
agreed with the other gentlemen of the com-
mittee that section forty-three should be em-
bodied in this bill so as to extend to all the
waters of the United States the provisions of
the law relating to the limitation of the lia-
bility of common carriers, while at the same
time avoiding any such change in the law as
niight sweep away the decisions of our courts
in construing it. I have objected to the addi-
tion of that part of section forty-three com-
mencing after the word "applies," in line
twelve, which is left out in the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio. Therefore I concur
most heartily in supporting the gentleman's
amendment, providing simply for extending to
all the waters of the United States a known
law which has been interpreted by numerous
and well-recognized judicial decisions.
I desire to say further that it is my earnest
desire that the attention of the Judiciary Com-
mittee or some other committee should be
given as early as possible to a revision of the
law of 1851, not only extending its provisions
as proposed in this bill, but making such
additions and modifications as it is apparent
to gentlemen of the legal profession and to all
who have examined this subject ought to be
made. But, sir, these changes ought to be
adopted with extreme care and after great
deliberation—after careful, anxious, and earn-
est inquiry and study ; for changes in such a
law, affccting the commerce and business hab-
its of all interested in navigation in this coun-
try, may, if not carefully considered, have
results which we can hardly foresee.
I may say further that in some of the amend -
ments of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerh] I concur most heartily. I believe that
some of them should be embodied in the re-
vision of the law of 1851 ; but I do not think
that all of them should ever be enacted, and
especially m a law iu regard to the security
of life. Such of those provisions as may be
proper for adoption should in my view be
embraced in an amendment of the original
limitation law of lHul.
1 will add but one remark. After the most
careful, earnest, and anxious inquiry and study
which I have been able to give this subject, I
believe that the best thing this House can now
do with our limited time for the consideration
of the question is to adopt the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, which is
the forty-third section, with the exception of
the last clause. When that has been incor-
porated in the bill, the Judiciary Committee
or some other committee can prepare such
amendments to the law of 1851 as will extend
its upeiation over all the waters of the United
State-!, at the same time inserting a clause
repealing this section, which will then be lio
longer needed.
Air. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it appears to be
the policy of gentlemen who favor the enact-
ment of this law of 1851, by mere reference to
it, to enact what they concede to be a bad law,
to be an imperfect one, if not a very bad one,
with the reserved purpose or intent at some
future time to revise or reconsider, and possi-
bly to repeal that law. Now, sir, I am per-
sonally unwilling to make laws, or to aid in
urn king laws, on any principle of that kind.
I ue gentleman proposes by mere reference to
a law of eight sections to reeunct it, for that
is what it means, and to apply it to new sub-
jects-matter, to give them a new range and
power, and that, too, without any intelligent
consideration of the law itself. I protest
against that kind of legislation. I say it is
most dangerous, and the people of this coun-
try ought to repel it as involving a most pal-
pable neglect of their interests and rights.
I ask any gentleman on this floor if he can
answer now, at this minute, what are the pro-
visions of the fourth section of the law of
1851? The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Townsend,] in my eye at this time, cannot do
it without reading it. It is a law most com-
plicated; a difficult section, never finally con-
strued by the Supreme Court, and no one
knows just what it means, or how it shall be
enforced. I believe it means this: after the
third section of the law of 1851 concedes ex-
emption to ship-owners against loss or damage
to property, this fourth section proposes to go
further and provide that wherever a ship has
met with an accident, or has collided with
another ship, and the result has been that both
of the vessels have gone down, and all the
freight and all the property on board and all
the lives intrusted to the keeping of the vessel
have gone to theliottom of the seas, that then
the owners of the ships may go into the nearest
distiict court of the United States and theie
go through the solemn mockery and farce of
making an assignment, for the benefit or use
of the injured parties, of their interest in the
lost ships, in the property at the bottom of the
sea, and when they have made such assign-
ment, they may take up their hats and go out
of the court of justice, forever discharged from
all liability, and even exempted from liability
to be sued at all in any court, by any one, for
either loss of life or loss of property.
InG-od'sname, gentlemen, laskifyouintend
to sit here and make laws of this-character in
this blind and reckless way? It does not be-
come the Congress of the United States to
legislate in this way. It is a law which really,
in my judgment, shocks the civilization of the
age. It would be an outrage upon the people
who are in the habit of intrusting, not only
their own lives, but the lives of their families
and their property, to the keeping of those
who are employed by the owners of ships.
It is against this kind of legislation, Mr.
Speaker, 1 do protest. My proposed amend-
ment omits this fourth section entirely from
the law. I am not willing under any possible
circumstances to extend this exemption from
liability to exemption from liability for the
loss of life or limb. I say it ought never to
be done, it is wrong in every view, and tends
to encourage reckless conduct in those who
above all men should be at all times most vigil-
ant. The means and enginery now em-
ployed in the commerce of the world are so
complicated, so difficult to manage, so liable
by unskillful management to do fearful injury,
that the rule of strictness applied heretofore
against common carriers ought to be intensi-
fied rather thau relaxed; and certainly it
ought not to be reduced in any way whatever.
It ought to be sacredly preserved in the inter-
ests of the public and of humanity; and
such is the language of some of the courts
of justice.
It is said to be wrong to retain this strictness
because these extreme rules applied to com-
mon cariiers grew up in past ages when there
were public robbeis and bandits filling the
highways of travel and commerce with dan-
gers, and that it ought now to be relaxed for-
ever, and common carriers and ship-owners
should be allowed to go "scot free" of all
responsibility for the careless and reckless
erimiiiality of the agents whom they employ.
That, is precisely what this bill proposes m
the forty-third section to accomplish. As I
have said, I protest against it, and 1 protest
against all such legislation. Ihe people have
rights that should be guarded as well as the
owners of ships. 1 will do no injustice to the
latter, but they shall have no unjust and dan-
gerous privileges aud exemptions at the ex-
pense of the people by any vote of mine.
My friend from New York [Mr. Townsend]
tells me I come in here with an amendment
of six sections in length by way of reproach ;
and when he tells mo that, I remind him and
the House that he proposes to enact a law of
eight sections, by mere reference to it by its
title and date, without printing, without con-
sideration, and without deliberation of any
kind; and to add to that law a most offensive
and indefensible provision extending the
exemptions to injuries to life or limb.
Mr. TOWNSBND, of New York. Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. KERR.. Certainly.
Air. TOWNSBND, of New York. By re-
ferring to the fourth line he will see that the
provisions of those sections would be extended
only as they were enacted in 1851.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman's amendment
is a reenactment of the whole law of 1851, and
that whole law embraces eight sections, and
to that he adds the provision I have mentioned.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Not
at all.
Mr. KERR. Not at all! Why, what does
the gentleman mean? I hold in my hand the
forty-third section of this bill, which, by a mere
reference and description of the law, proposes
a reenactment of the law of 1S51, and its
extension to the interior commerce of the
country. I want the gentleman to understand
what this thing means. That is all I a?k. I
am not opposiug the interests of any class of
men in this country so long as they come here
and ask us what is just and reasonable in itself.
But when these gentlemen engaged in this
commerce confederate themselves together,
and in a spirit of mere self-seeking—-and I say
that in no offensive spirit, for I am their
friend—come here with a law cut and dry, and
tell us we must accept it in this blind and in-
considerate way, I say to them it is time Tor
them to stop, and if they will not, it is time
for this House to say to them they shall stop.
I will be no party to such modes of making
solemn and important laws. My amendments
go to the verge of justice and sound policy. I
hope they will be satisfactory to the House in
lieu of the forty-third section. It will be ob-
served that my third amendment provides that
the value of the interest of the ship-owner in
the ship in case of loss or liability shall be
taken to be the value immediately before the
accruing of such liability. That is necessary,
l'he law of 1851 is silent on that point. It
should not be in doubt. It should be made
clear. My amendment makes it so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A word
or two to the House as to the history of the
law of 1851 may enable us to understand the
exact point of difference in the several propo-
sitions before the House. All in this House
can remember that most terrible disaster, the
burning of the steamer Lexington, in Long
Island sound, where much property and many
lives were lost. Thereupon the owners of cer-
tain bullion in the hands of Harnden's Express
on board that steamer brought suit against the
owners of the steamboat line, which suit was
carried to the United States court. The de-
cision will be found in 6 Howard. It was there
decided that by the common maritime law the
owners of the steamboat line were insurers,
and that whether the fire was caused by their
negligence or not, they were liable. That
decision was made in 18-18. Thereupon the
law of 1851 was enacted, which limits the
liability of owners of steam vessels and other
vessels under certain ciicumstances. But that
law extended only to property, not to life and
limb.
Now, section forty-three of the committee's
hill comes in and extends that law of 1851,
which has worked well enough in practice as
