1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
Now, if the gentleman wants to go into facts
of that kind, he can do so just as soon as he
pleases. There are horrors enough. These men
who are around arresting Ku Klux in North
Carolina and in other parts of the South have
done a pretty good woik, have earned their
money and deserve their pay. The guilty have
confessed in great numbers. I am astonished
that gentlemen here should object to the arrest
of criminals of the foulest, darkest, and most
cowardly character; that a single voice should
be lifted up in the Congress of the United
States in objection to the seizure and punish-
ment of that class of men, especially coming
from a gentleman who has exhibited the traits
heretofore exhibited by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Cobuen.] I do not intend to go into this Ku
Klux investigation; perhaps 1 was wrong in
alluding to Howie in what I said before. I
said there were deficiencies, and that perhaps
some of them were caused by such proceed-
ings as that of Howie, and also the proceed-
ings in regard to the mail route in my State.
1 want to say in reply to my colleague upon
the Ku Klux committee, [Mr. Cobuiim,] as I
have mentioned the case, that if gentlemen
will turn to page 498 of the report of that com-
mittee, they will see that while that man Howie
did swear that he was maltreated because he
was a Republican, an old gentleman from
North Carolina by the name of Elias Bryan,
who was a Republican, vouched for by Senator
Pool, introduced as a witness by the majority,
and known to be a man of respectability, came
before the committee and swore that Howie
was utterly unworthy of belief; that his gen-
eral character was bad, and that the only dis-
turbance iti that neighborhood in which Howie
was concerned was because Howie and a set
of infamous women, together with a lot of
worthless negroes, had tried to take a little
girl, the daughter of one of these white strum-
pets, a child only fifteen years of age, from a
man to whom she was bound, for the purpose of
placing her in a den ofinfamyto become the
victim of the last of Howie and his brutal asso-
ciates. The little girl refused to go. She was
hired to a man named Wicker, who refused to
give her up. The girl's mother and this fellow
Howie wanted to take her to that disreputable
house. The old man, Bryan, the witness to
whom I have referred, said that when he last
saw that man Howie he was with these infamous
women, and he had a squad of soldiers under
his command, their purposes being to over-
come all efforts for the protection of this girl.
There was no Ku Klux connected with the
matter. Jt was simply an indignant com-
munity, who had risen to protect a poor, de-
fenseless girl, whom that infamous scoundrel
with his squally infamous associates sought to
consign to a life of infamy in their infamous
den. This is the testimony of Elias Bryan, a
respectable old man of North Carolina. Turn
to page 600 of that report, and all the facts
I stated will be made apparent; and yet the
;entleman from Indiana stands up to defend
iowle.
I would not make an appropriation for the
War Department if I supposed the money was
to be used to pay the captain and his men
who thus prostituted their offices (though per-
haps under the command of their superiors)
to wo,rk up cases like that. I would not coun-
tenance any such infamous business even if it
did spoil the cry of " Ku Klux 1" The only
Ku Klux in that case were just the kind of
Ku Klux that always rise up in every well-
ordered community to put down outrages of
that kind. By the testimony of one of your
own men, Elias Bryan, it is shown that that
transaction was one of the most infamous ever
enacted anywhere. I would pull the epaulets
from the shoulders of the officers who sus-
tained such enormities instead of passing
deficiency bills to compensate them.
1
Mr. COBURN. Did not the partner of
Howie testify that a party of disguised men
visited them, made threats, and fired off guns,
in consequence of which they left?
Mr. BECK. Howie and he were partners
in the whole infamous transaction ; and that
old man Bryan, whom the gentleman [Mr.
Coburjt] saw, and knows to be a man of char-
acter, testified to the infamy of the whole
transaction, to the falsehood of all their state-
ments, and to the prostitution of the Army of
the United States in connection with that
affair. He testified that he saw Howie, with
his strumpets and a squad of soldiers, drag-
ging the men who interfered with him to jail,
and that he was so well satisfied of the inno-
cence of the parties arrested that he went bail
for them himself, and took them out of jail at
Raleigh. That is only a specimen of your
Ku Klux outrages, so called.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a point of order
that all this Ku Klux talk has nothing to do
with the deficiency bill. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed on
the pending amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Beck to strike out
the paragraph was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Quartermaster's department:
For regular supplies, consisting of fuel for offi-
cers, enlisted men, guards, hospitals, storehouses and
offices, and f«r forage in kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen of the quartermaster's department at the
several posts and stations, and with the armies in the
field, for the horses of the several regiments of cav-
alry, the batteries of artillery, and such companies
of infantry as may be mounted, and for the author-
ized number of officers' horses when serving in the
field and at the outposts, including bedding for the
animals; of straw for soldiers' bedding; and of sta-
tionery, including blank-books for the quartermas-
ter's department, certificates for discharged soldiers,
blank forms for the pay and quartermaster's depart-
ments, and for printing of division and department
orders and reports, $350,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having taken the chair, Mr. Scofield
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1654) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, and for former years, and for
other purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 384) extending the time for
the completion of the Green Bay and Stur-
geon Bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal, in
the State of Wisconsin.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio, the House (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : The petition of John W.
Poor, of Garrard county, Kentucky, for modi-
fication of special tax imposed on distillers.
By Mr. BROOKS, of New York : The peti-
tion of the Delahame Woolen Company, of
Braxton, Massachusetts, and others, asking for
a reduction of the tariff on woolen goods.
By Mr. DUELL : The petition of H. W.
Van Buren, William Kirkpatrick, William S.
Rogers, and 317 others, citizens of Onondaga
county, New York, protesting against the re-
duction of the duties upon foreign salt, and
setting forth that the manufacturers of salt in
the United States during the last tenyears have
furnished an article equal to the best in the
world, and at more -uniform and reasonable
prices than wonld have ruled had we been
depondent upon foreign supplies.
Also, the petition of J. I. Bradley, Herman
Ackerman, Theodore Dissoll, and 219 others,
citizens of Onondaga county, New York, (many
of them being dairymen,) settingforlh that they
are deeply interested in securing pure dairy
salt at reasonable prices, and they protest
against the reduction of the duties upon for-
eign salt, which would tend to diminish its
production in this country.
By Mr. FORKER: The petition of L. C.
Reeve and 48 others, citizens of New Jersey,
late soldiers in the Union Army, praying the
passage of an act to equalize all bounties to
soldiers of 1861, so as to give $8 33* per
month; also a land warrant of one hundred
and sixty acres of land to every soldier of 1861,
and where the soldier is dead, then to hits
widow or children, &c.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Syra-
cuse, New York, asking that such discrim-
inating duties be levied on all imported articles
as will render substantial protection to labor.
By Mr. GRIFFITH: The petition of Captain
Valentine Phipp and 72 others, citizens of Penn -
sylvania, and late officers and soldiers of the
Army of the United States, asking Congress
to pass an act giving to all soldiers, sailors,
and marines who enlisted in the service of the
United States for the suppression of the late
rebellion, and who have an honorable dis-
charge, and to the heirs of those that are de-
ceased, $8 83J per month for the entire time
served, deducting all Government bounty here-
tofore paid; this as a matter of justice, not
only to the soldiers who served three years,
but to the soldiers who enlisted during the first
years of the rebellion and were discharged by
reason of disability caused by hardship and
exposure incidental to camp life before serv-
ing two years, and who never received a dollar
of bounty under any act of Congress hereto-
fore passed; also, to so amend the twenty-
fifth section of the act approved July 15, 1870,
as to allow soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed, or such
amount as may be thought proper, without tlio
requirements of settlement and cultivation.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of the
Board of Trade of Newark, New Jersey, ask-
ing the repeal of the duty on lumber.
Also, the petition of the Board of Trade of
Newark, New Jersey, asking the repeal of the
income tax.
Also, the petition of Alfred E. Gregory,
publisher Palisade News, Hudson county,
New Jersey, asking that section one hundred
and sixty-two of the codified postal laws be so
amended that persons known as regular pub-
lishers and dealers in newspapers may receive
by mail newspapers printed on one side at the
same rate pro rata as regular subscribers to
publications weighing four ounces.
By Mr. KELLEY: The remonstrance of H.
L. Pelouze & Co., II. L. Hartshorn, and J. H.
Mills, type-founders in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, against any change in
the tariff laws abating the duties on printing
types, now successfully produced in Ameri-
can founderies, and praying a repeal of all
duties on the raw materials used in the pro-
duction of type, namely, tin, antimony, and
type-metal, so that home industries may be
fostered and defended.
Also, the remonstrance of Collins <fe Me-
Leester, typo-founders, and 38 others, workers
in their establishment in the eity of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, against any change in the
tariff laws abating the duties on printing types,
now successfully produced in American found-
eries, and praying a repeal of all duties on
the raw materials used in the production of
type, namely, tin, antimony, and type-metals,
so that home industries may be fostered and
defended.
