1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
What has been the effect of his office-giving ?
Men who have enjoyed and abused his favor,
have turned to rend him the instant they could
get nothing more.
The "outs" are, of course, arrayed against
him, and the country is kept filled with cant
and hypocritical outcry, because those who hold
office do not stop voting and thinking for them-
selves, or go to work abusing the President!
The chief ammunition of the Democratic
party of late, has been furnished by mongers
of the wretched slang about Federal office-
holders controlling political results, as if the
people had not the sense, and courage, and
numbers, to resent and put down the dom-
ination or improper interference of anybody,
whether office-holder or candidate. This spe-
cies of falsehood had serious effect, till it be-
came, in some instances, so brazen and prepos-
terous as to excite derision. Could the public
eye pierce all the holy garbs put on by the foes
of the President, who do not and dare not let
the real cause of their hate be seen, a new
truth would gild Dr. Johnson's saying, that
'' patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.''
Could the people know all the malignant vir-
tue, and busy sanctity, which cloak rankling
griefs over spoils and power, they would think
the best revenue reform, the one suggested by
Britain's cynic:
" Oh, that in England there might be,
A tax upon hypocrisy."
No, Mr. President, the idea that having
favors to bestow is an advantage, is a delu-
sion.
Between candidates, the odds are with him
who has disappointed no one, and against him
whose benefits are already distributed, and who
has disappointed several, every time he has
obliged one.
Butagain, is experience of no value in high
place? Other things being equal, is not he the
best man for a place "who is practiced in it? Is
not an upright man better lilted to be Presi-
dent the day he leaves, than the day he reaches
the presidential chair? If he is, shall we throw
away in advanca, and for all emergencies, the
benefit of tiled rulers, because we may, some
time or other, find one whose experience is
weighed down by faults.
What was the standing explanation of the
predominance of the South in the councils and
affairs of the nation for so many years? It
was that she continued her public men in place,
and did not change from man to man. South-
ern Senators and Kepresentatves, were returned
again and again, and therefore, and thereby,
they acquired the practice, the knowledge, and
the expeiience which made them overmatches
for the new men who came, one after another,
from the North.
Yet the duties of a Senator or a Representa-
tive, are not more hard or slow to learn, than
the duties of the President. In either place,
more knowledge would be useful than mortal
man was ever blessed with.
I make no argument against rotation in
office—far from it. The people will insist, and
I think they should insist, that all who hold
political office shall lay down their commis-
sions at frequent intervals. If the man whose
term expires, has been faithful and useful, he
may be elected or appointed again; but he must
lay his commission at the feet of those who
granted it. Thus the nation, and the people
of the States, keep the staff in their own hands,
and this is all that is needed. If, competing
with all others, one who has alrpady served
in a place, is again selected for it, 110 one
need complain, but periodical expirations of
public trusts, will not be readily abandoned.
This truth, if it be a truth, should not be
overlooked in civil service reform. I believe
any system will be stranded which attempts to
keep incumbents in place for life, or for long
periods, without reelection or reappointment.
The judiciary have life tenures, and this is
enough of life tenure in a republic of equal
rights.
The selection of public agents, ought to be
absolutely within public control. This is true,
from the highest official, to the man or woman
who trims the wick in the light-house, or who
delivers the letter where the mail goes only
once a week.
Surely we war upon this full control, when
we ask the people to foreswear the right to
employ as their chief agent one whom they
have tried, and whom they like.
The author of the amendment seems to have
relied not so much on reason as on authority.
His resolve is prefaced, and ushered in, by au
array of noted names.
We have, preambled before us, four Ameri-
cans and one Freuchman, who, operated upon
by different motives, and impelled by differ-
ent occasions, have suggested ineligibility to
second presidential terms, as a remedy for
particular evils. It is an error to suppose that
all those thus na,med expressed approval of such
a provision as we have here, without addition
or qualification. General Jackson, forinstance,
coupled it with a six years' term. Be that as it
may, much might be said of the influences, the
inconsistencies, the downright contradictions,
which history records in connection with some
of these declarations. It would be easy to
impair the weight of much of this carefully
gathered authority. It is chiefly valuable to
prove how vastly the authority is the other
way. These collected sayings, show us that
the " one term principle," has, from time to
time, been presented sharply to the public
mind. Persuasive voices have summoned
people and Congress to consider it. It has
not slumbered in forgetfulness, but has been
periodically canvassed at such times as its
champions deemed most likely to invest it
with interest. It has been more than once
presented in each House of Congress, and
usually coupled with assisting provisions.
What has been itsiate? Congress has never
approved it. The nation has condemned it
repeatedly. Fifteen Presidents have been
elected, and nearly half of them have been
reelected. Death spared President, Harrison
but one month, and President Taylor but six-
teen months. These two, must be deducted
from those in whose case the question of a
second term could arise. President Grant, not
having reached the end of his first term, is to
be omitted also in the count. Thus we have
twelve citizens raised to the Presidency by the
votes of the people, and six of them elected a
second time.
Was this the action of the people, or did
these Presidents, despite the people, usurp or
snatch a second term?
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe,
Jackson, Lincoln, all were reelected. Did
the people reelect them, or did the officehold-
ers reelect them? Did these second-term
Presidents outwit the people by the use of
patronage, or did they win and keep public
favor by their fidelity, and by the ideas of
which they were the types?
If these reflections were the people's work,
they are six recorded verdicts of the people
against casting out tried and faithful servants.
They are six solemn verdicts against the pres-
ent measure. Shall we, by the proposed
amendment, affirm that the experience of the
past has shown its need? If so, how many of
our great dead are we to upbraid or asperse ?
Or shall we act in spite of experience, as if the
present were fraught with perils, and corroding
tendencies, such as the past never knew ?
Traitors and slaveholders forming a con-
federacy, made the one term dogma a tenet
of their faith. Denying the rights of human-
ity, and disbelieving the capacity of the peo-
ple for self-government, they naturally sought
to clog popular action, and to hamper tree
agency.
Slavery, and a denial to the people of the
right to reelect Presidents or not, as they
please, fitly became corner-stones in such a
structure.
The Montgomery constitution, so called,
had this provision:
"Article II.
" Section 1. The executive power shall be vested
in a president of the confederate States of America.
He and the vice president shall hold their offices for
the term of six years; but the president shall not bs
reeligible."—Confederate Statute$-at-Large, 1861-62,
p. 17.
The first and last offspring of this clause was
Jefferson Davis. He was the only type aud
forerunner we have had of the constitutional
single blessedness or single cursedness now
urged upon us; he was our only approach to a
foreordained one-term President.
The judgmentand action of the nation confirm
the wisdom of the builders of our Constitution.
The question of eligibility to successive terms,
was fully argued in the constitutional Conven-
tion, and now, after near a eeutury of expe-
rience, but little reason is likely to be added to
the discussions then. It is not too much to
say, that the "one-term principle," with a
term of four years, and au election by the
people, would have commanded almost no
support in the constitutional Convention.
The opposition to reeligibility, showed itself
when it was proposed to make the presidential
term seven years, and to vest the election of
the President in Congress ; and it subsided
when the term was shortened, and the election
was committed to the people. Even the seven-
years' term.andthe legislative election together,
furnished no arguments against regligibility
strong enough to convince a majority, or to
convince the leading minds in the Convention.
Yet the arguments were very cogent. It waa
said, with a force which could not be gainsaid,
that if Congress was to appoint the Executive,
and he might be reappointed, he would have
no rule of conduct so strong as the will of
Congress, and tha: he would thus be depend-
ent, and the creature of Congress literally.
I have here notes of debutes in the Conven-
tion of 1787, set down by Mr. Madison, and
1 read some passages touching the tenure of
the President. 1 commend them to the atten
tion of the Senate.
The clause relating to the Executive being
under consideration—
"Jambs Wilson (Pennsylvania) moved that the
blank for the term of duration should be filled with
three years, observing at the same time that he pre-
ferred (he short period on the supposition that a
reeligibility would be provided for.
"Mr. Pixckney moved for seven years.
"Kooku Sherman was for three years and against
the doctrine of rotation, as throwing out of office
the men best qualified to execute its duties.
"The question being un the words' To be ineligible
a second time/ [seven years being the proposed term.]
"Mr. Houston (New Jersey; moved to strike out
this clause.
Mr. Sherman Feeonds the motion.
"Qouvekneur Morris (Pennsylvania) espoused
the motion. The ineligibility proposed by the clause
as it stood tended to destroy the great motive to good
behavior, the hope ot being rewarded by reappoint-
ment. It was saying to him 'makehaywhile the sun
shines.'
" Mr. Martin moved to reinstate the words 'to be
ineligible a second time.'
"GouvkrnkorMokeis. What effect will this have?
In the first place, it will destroy thegreat incitement
to merit, public esteem, by taking away the hope of
being rewarded by a reappointment. It may give_ a
dangerous turn to one of the strongest passions in
the human breast. The love of fame is the great
spring to noble and illustrious actioDS. Shut the
civil road to glory, and he may be compelled to seek
it by the sword. In the second place, it wilt tempt
him to make the most of the short space of time
allotted to him to accumulate wealth ana provide for
his friends. In the third place, it -will produce vio-
lations of the very Constitution it is meant to secure.
In moments of pressing danger, the tried abilities
and established character ol a lavorite magistrate,
will prevail over respeet for the forms of the Con-
stitution.
" Rufus Kins, of Massa;-hu. etts, did not like the
ineligibility. Be thought there was great iorce in the
remark of Mr. Sheiiman, that he who has proved
himsolf most fit tor an office ought not to be excluded
by the Constitution from holding it. He would,
therefore, prefer any oiner reasonable plan that
could be substituted. lie was much disposed to think
that in such cases tha people at large would choose
wisely.
"Mr. Patterson's (New Jersey) ideas nearly
coincided he said, with those of Mr. King.
"Mr. Straight and Mr. Williamson moved to
insert seven instead of four years, for thb term oi the
President."'
