3942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
because by that amendment there is no day
fixed for final adjournment. I am obliged to
say, and I may as well say it now, that if an
early day for adjournment is fixed, I shall con-
sider that the bill pending here in regard to
the bankrupt law, in which my constituents
and most of the southern States are specially
interested, will be lost; and there will be a loss
of the bill in regard to commissioners of elec-
tions, which we consider important in the
southern States; and every Senator must con-
sider that bill important if he believes what is
in the report of the investigating committee,
that there have been frauds in those States in
registration and in voting that ought to be
looked into. I think the frauds have been
greatly exaggerated ; but there ought to be offi-
cers to prevent their repetition. Then the com-
mission on southern claims has passed on some
hundred thousand dollars' worth of claims.
They ought to be paid. It is a debt of the
Government. These bills may all be passed,
I think, without prolonging the session to any
considerable extent. But when I see a day
fixed so near that certain bills are to pass and
that these are to be excluded, I feel it to be
my duty, and a duty which I shall discharge,
to throw every obstacle in the way of adjourn-
ment on that day; every obstacle which a
minority can use in the ordinary course of
legislation. I repeat what I said just now,
that if a day is fixed I for one shall object to
any rule in regard to debate on the tariff bill,
confining it to five minutes, or in regard to
loading that bill with amendments. £ shall
move several amendments to the bill myself
unless the Senate, by a requisite majority, shall
pass a rule which shall prevent it; and those
which I shall offer I shall discuss.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We ought not
at this late day of the session to spend our
morning hours in talking about the order of
business. Then another thing appears to me
clear, that we ought not to exhibit the two
branches before the country as playing at
crops purposes at this day in the session.
The Senate sent to the House of Represent-
atives in the early part of the session a reso-
lution fixing on the *29th of the present month
as the day of adjournment. Everybody sees
now that it is impracticable for us to adjourn
on that day, but, the House of Representatives
have concurred m it, so that if nothing more
is done we are to adjourn to-morrow, and we
may as well contemplate now that this body
will adjourn to morrow unless some action is
taken.
Now, Mr. President, I think, without criti-
cising the [louse of Representatives at all—I
take no occasion to allude to what it has done—
we have placed ourselves by our action in an
attitude where it becomes us to take the
initiative in proposing to the House, if we
are not ready to adjourn to morrow, some way
by which we shall escape from this dilemma.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to suggest
that the House has already taken the initiative
and sent us another resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was coming
to that, in a moment. As it stands now, we
adjourn to-morrow. The House proposes to
adjourn on the 3d of June. Can we now at
this moment say that we can do that consist-
ently with the public business? I do notthink
we can. I do not believe there is a Senator
on lhis floor whose experience enables him to
have a judgment upon this question that is at
all reliable who can declare that now we can
say that on Monday next we can adjourn. The
probabilities are that we cannot. Now, what
is to be done? It is suggested, " Wait until to-
morrow ; take no action in regard to the House
proposition for the 3d of June ; wait until to-
morrow, and then Congress is adjourned, and
that involves a new session." I hope not. I
do not think we should exhibit ourselves in a
manner at all creditable to the Congress of
the United States, before the country, if we
attempted any such thing. It occurs to me that
the proper thing is to take up this resolution
from the House, non concur, and ask for a
committee of conference. In that way we
may arrive at something, and we ought to do it
now, and not wait until to-morrow.
If such a motion as that is in order, I
would ask whether it is not in harmony with
the general sense of the Senate to take up
that resolution with a view of non-concurring
and appointing a conference committee, so that
the two branches may get together and agree
upon something, and act no longer at cross
purposes?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two motions
would have priority: a motion to amend and
a motion to concur, as a motion for a confer-
ence is a motion based upon non-concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the resolu-
tion before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was not
aware of it. I thought the question was On
taking it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurrence, but pending that the Senator
from Vermont has moved to amend, changing
the day, and the Senator from Michigan has
moved an amendment rescinding the resolu-
tion to adjourn to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine is best; that is, that
we should refer the matter to a committee of
conference.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. That can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the
Senate will take that course.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion under the rules is the amendment ot the
Senatorfrom Vermont, to strike out "Monday,
3d day of June," and insert " Wednesday, the
5th day of June."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I want to say one
word in reply to the Senator from Maine.
What do we want a committee of conference
about? I think we all hope and believe we
can get through by to-morrow week. I have
no doubt we can get through by to-morrow
week and do the business that ought to be
fairly done. Everybody sees the disposition
here to do business, not to take up time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This morning shows it!
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, we have lost a
few minutes on this adjournment resolution,
and it is an important matter. As things
stand, we adjourn to-morrow. Now you send
out your committee of conference and have a
conference. In the mean time, before they
can report, we may be adjourned to-morrow
the first thing we know. Why should we not
upon all sides adopt the suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont, just rescind the resolu-
tion adjourning to-morrow and agree to ad-
journ to-morrow week? 1 am sure we can get
through the session by that time and have no
more controversy about it. I hope the prop-
osition will be adopted to fix the adjournment
for to-morrow week at twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont. ' •
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let that be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is to strike out "Monday, the 3d of June,"
and insert " Wednesday, the 5 th of June."
Mr. POOL. Do I understand this to be an
amendment to the House resolution or an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an amend-
ment to the House resolution. The House
resolution fixes Monday next for adjournment,
and the Senator from Vermout moves t,o amend
by striking out "Monday, the 3d of June,"
and inserting " Wednesday, the 5th of June."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the ruling
of the Chair whether, if the motion I suggested
were made, that the Senate non-concur or dis-
agree to the resolution of the House, a com-
mittee of conference could then be appointed
on such a disagreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, by
unanimous consent. By the parliamentary
usage, however, which is sometimes waived
at the close of the session on account of the
pressure of business, the regular process would
be this: the House having passed a resolutibn
to which the Senate disagrees, it would be sent
back with notice of the disagreement, and the
House which originated it could ask for a con-
ference. But sometimes at the close of a ses-
sion a shorter process is resorted to, asking a
conference in the first place, as in the case
yesterday of the postal code bill which was
a House bill which had been some time in the
Senate. By unanimous consent, yesterday,
the Senate passed the bill with amendments,
and asked for a conference on the disagree-
ments between the two Houses on the amend-
ments, as they involved a great deal of detail
and the session was on the eve of expiring ;
but the usual process, except when waived by
unanimous consent, is, as the Chair stated, to
send notice of the disagreement to the House
of Representatives with the bill or resolution,
and let them ask for a conference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then, as a mat-
ter of rule, the motion contemplated by me
would not be admissible except by general
consent.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes, it would.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be perfectly in
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine". Then, if this
be voted down, I shall make that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The adoption of my
amendment accomplishes the very purpjse
that the Senator from Maine desires to accom-
plish, to wit, a disagreement between the two
Houses. My substitute simply rescinds the
resolution by which the two Houses ate to
adjourn to-morrow at twelve o'cdock. Then
this resolution goes back to the House on the
disagreement, and the Senator accomplishes
the very purpose he is striving for, the adop-
tion of my substitute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not under-
stand that that would be so necessarily because
it goes to the House. If the House makes no
response to us, there it dies. But by taking
the course I have suggested we propose a eon-
•ference committee which the House would not
decline, I trust. In the other event your res-
olution goes back, and that is the end of it if
they observe silence. You have declined their
proposition; and you are then to adjourn to-
morrow without having any prospect of inter
communication with the House of Represent-
atives. The object now would be, on this res-
olution which they have sent us, to take such
action as to put us in communication with the
House.
Mr. CHANDLER. But we are in commun-
ication by amending their resolution. That
brings us in direct communication with the
House, and immediate communication. Theu
the responsibility rests upon them. If they
see fit to have us adjourn to-morrow at twelve
o'clock they will do it; but there is no prob-
ability of their doing it. I hope my amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question
is whether, after all that has taken place, we
can shift the responsibility on the House by
simply amending their proposition.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I would ask the
Senator from Maine whether a committee of
conference would not be embarrassed until
there had been an expression by the Senate of
what its will was in reference to adjourn i.enl ?
We do not want to adjourn to-morrow ; bat if
we appoint a committee of conference before
there has been any expression by the Senate,
I do not see that they would know what the
will of the Senate was on the subject.
