2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
tie man from Pennsylvania to allow us to vote
upon the amendment to the substitute before
he calls the previous question.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will not object to that,
if it can be done without farther debate.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Perry, of Ohio, to the
substitute proposed by Mr. Townsend, of New
York; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. T move further to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Townsend] by inserting "except
the fourth section of said act" after the words
''an act to limit the liability of ship-owners,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1851."
Mr. CONGER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. 'Hoi.man] that his amend-
ment should be in this form: "except the last
clause of the fourth section of said act." That
is the only clause to which objection is taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the fourth section of
the act of 1851 be read, the House will be
better informed on this subject. I ask the
Cleik to read that section.
The Clerk read as follows :
"If any such embezzlement, loss, or destruction
shall be suffered by sever.il freighters or owners of
goods, wares, or merchandise, or any property what-
ever, on the same voyage, and the whole value of the
ship or vessel, and her freight for tlio voyage, shall
not be sufficient to make compensation to each of
them, they shall receive compensation from the
owner or owners of the ship or vessel in proportion
to their respective losses; and for that purpose the
said freighters and owners of the property, and the
owner or owners ot the ship or vessel, or any ot them,
may tako the appropriate proceedings in any court
for the purpose of apportioning tho sum for which
the owner or owners of tho ship or vessel may be
liable among the parties entitled thereto. And it
shall be deemed a sufficient, compliance with tho
requirements of this act, on the part of such owner
or owners, it ho or they shall transfer his or their
interet-t m sueh vessel and freight for the benefit of
such claimants to a trusteo, to be appointed by any
court of competent jurisdiction, to act as such trus-
tee for the person oi persons who may prove to be
legally entitled thereto; from and after which trans-
fer nil claims and proceedings against the owner or
owners shall cease."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man] accept the. modifica-
tion suggested by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Conger?]
Mr. HOLMAN. The genlleman from Mich-
igan proposes to modify my amendment so as
to except, only the last clauscof the fourth sec-
tion of the act of 1851. With that motion
pending, 1 hope the House will sustain the
demand for the previous question.
The ,SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana modify his amendment, as suggested
by the gentleman from Michigan?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Then the proposition of
the gentleman from Michigan cannot be enter-
tained, because the power of amendment is
already exhausted.
Mr. CONGER. May I notoffer it as a sub-
stitute?
The SPEAKER. No further amendment is
in order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I hope unanimous consent
may be given that my amendment may be con-
sidered as fiending.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment of the gentleman from Mich-
igan will be entertained.
There was no objection.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question oidered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman'from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Conger,] to so amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hoi.man] as to insert after "1851," in the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Townsexo,] the words " except the last
clause of the fourth section of said act."
'lhe amendment of Mr. Conger was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Town-
send] by inserting after "1851" the words
"except the fourth section of said act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the substitute of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Townsend] as amended.
Mr. KERR. . I ask consent to state one
defect in' the third section of the act of 1851.
It Is an extremely important point.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman has dis-
cussed this subject at length ; let us now have
a vote.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
can be entertained.
Mr. KERR. I wish to say that section
three of the law of 1851, as it now stands,
fixes no time when the value of the vessel
shall be taken 
Mr. CONGER. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, debate is not in order.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Townsend, of New York, there
were—ayes 59, noes 89; no quorum voting.
Mr. KERR. I call for the j'eas and nays
on this proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. NEGLEY. I hope not.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 02, noes 38.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p.
m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc,
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COX: The petition of William D.
Stewart and others, remonstrating against
the reduction of duty on stone and earthen-
ware.
By Mr. CRITCHER. The petition of D.
A. Bennett and 200 others, citizens of Vir-
ginia, praying Congress to impose a duty of
one cent per pound on sumac.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of W. H.
Bradley and others, of Hancock county, West
Virginia, remonstrating ag,iinst the proposed
reduction of the duty on earthenware or stone-
ware.
By Mr. IiAMES: The petition of James
E. Allison, captain company I, first regiment
United States artillery, for payment of bounty.
Also, the petition of George Gibbs and
others, citizens of Rhode Island, for indem-
nity for French spoliations on American com-
merce.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of residents
of the city of New York, in favor of reserving
the remaining public lands for actual settlers.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG : The petition of
certain earthen and stoneware manufacturers
of St. Louis, Missouri, concerning duties on
imports.
By Mr. GOODRICH: The petition of citi-
zens of Dryden, Tompkins county, New York,
for increased pensions to disabled soldiers.
By Mr. HAY: The petition of citizens of the
State of Illinois, praying that pensions may
be paid through postmasters.
Also, the petition of pensioners of Illinois,
praying Congress to enact a law providing for
payment of pensions through postmasters.
By Mr. McJUNKIN : The petition of Lewis
C. White, Frank W. Vaughn, L. E. Dickey,
and 15 others, late soldiers in the Union
Army, and to whom pensions are paid, pray-
ing that the pensions heretofore withheld from
the pensioner on account of his employment
in the civil service of the United States shall
be paid to said pensioner if living, or to his
widow, children, ordependentrelativesif dead.
Also, the petition of William Byers, of
Butler county, Pennsylvania, dependent father
of Thomas S. Byers and James M. Byers, late
privates in company E, one hundred and third
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, and who
died in the service, for pension or other relief.
Also, the petition of William Kidney, late a
private in company D, thirtieth regiment
United States infantry, for invalid pension.
By Mr. MERRIAM: The memorial of Wil-
liam Ciark and others, of Little Falls, New
York, in favor of protection to American
labor.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Re-
becca A. Marcher, executrix of Robert March-
er, deceased, for extension of letters-patent
for an improvement in machinery for enam-
eling moldings, <fcc.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Mary Morris,
praying compensation for property destroyed
at Camp Lee, Virginia, m 1866.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of E. C.
Burke and 150 others, citizens of Spritigtield,
Vermont, praying the passage of an act in-
creasing pensions of disabled soldiers and
seamen.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
residents of Butternuts and Granville, New
York, for the importation of pig lead free of
duty.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Mrs.
Desire L. Hoffman, of Maryland, praying a
pension.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Beatty,
Atwater & Co , and others, citizens of Massil-
lon, Ohio, against the reduction of duty on
salt.
Also, the petition of Begges & Sinclair and
others, citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, praying
that such discriminating duties be levied on all
imported manufactures as will render sub-
stantial protection to labor.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of J. S.
Laphan and 150 others, citizens of Wayne
county, Michigan, asking the passage of House
bill No. 1738, to increase pensions of disabled
soldiers.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 4, 1872.
Prayer by 'Rev. H. M. Harman, Professor of
Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
ORDKll OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
374, to provide for the appointment of a com-
mission on the subject of the wages and the
hours of labor, and the division of profits be-
tween labor and capital in the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go through with
the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires the morning business to
be first considered.
Mr. SAWYER. I will give way to the
morning business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator can make
his motion after we get through with the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects until the morning busi-
ness shall have been disposed of.
house bills referred.
The following bills yesterday received from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands :
_A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of cer-
tain settlers on the public lands in Iowa under
the provisions of the homestead laws ;
A bill (H. R. No. 845) to quiet the titles to
certain lands in the State of Missouii ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2193) to prohibit certain
persons from entering public lands ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2194) to amend the town-
site laws of the United States, and for tho re-
lief of the inhabitants of the cities or towns
