1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
that it will resume its place on the Calendar
until called up by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] at some other time.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. WILSON. I move that Senate bill No.
41, to enable the Secretary of War to enlarge
the depot at Fort Leavenworth, be taken from
the Calendar and recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if the
messages on the table are messages for open
or executive session?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one
executive message which has been lying on
the table for some two days, and also some
others which have been received to day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twelve minutes spent in ex-
ecutive session, the doors were reopened; and
(at three o'clock and twelve minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 11, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
IMPROVEMENT OF TENNESSEE RIVER.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the House a copy of the supple-
mental report made by Major McFariand, of the
engineer corps, of the examination, survey, and esti-
mates for the improvement of the Tennessee river.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mississippi and lakh michigan canal.
Mr. CONGER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back House bill
No. 556, to construct a ship-canal for the pas-
sage of armed and naval vessels from the Mis-
sissippi river to Lake Michigan, and for other
purposes, and to move its reference to the
Committee on Railways and Canals for exam-
ination and report, the bill then to be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
WAREIIAM, MASSACHUSETTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of March 27, 1871, in relation
to the harbor of Wareham, Massachusetts.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move that this com-
munication be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CHOCTAW AND CHICKASAW EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of appropriation required for the
Indian service at the Choctaw and Chickasaw
agency, Indian territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
SCHOOLS FOR PAWNEE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimousconsent,
laid befoi-e the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, asking an ap-
propriation of $8,400 to provide school facili-
ties for the children of the Pawnee tribe of
Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN SUPPLIES, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of appropriations to reimburse the
subsistence department for supplies furnished
Indians by Army officers; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of appropriations of $3,503 65 re-
quired to pay the amount found due on account
of expense incurred by the special agent to
make payment of moneys belonging to the
Eastern or North Carolina Cherokees ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at sixteen minutes past twelve o'clock.
Reports are in order from the Committee on
Patents.
No reports from the Committee on Patents
were presented ; and various other committees
were called, without the presentation of any
report.
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
Mr. COX. I am directed by the Committee
on the Rules to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That Rule 130 be amended by inserting
in the proviso thereto, after the word referred,"
the words "and all bills at any time introduced by
unanimous consent and referred."
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask that Rule 130, which
it is proposed to amend, be read.
The SPEAKER. The present rule is, that
bills introduced and referred under the Mon-
day morning call shall not be brought back
into the House upon a motion to reconsider.
This amendment provides that bills introduced
on other days by unanimous consent shall not
be liable to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider, which will obviate the necessity
of members watching daily in order to make
the motion to reconsider and lay on the table
references of bills, &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is a very excellent
amendment to the rules.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Various committees were called, but no
reports were presented.
Mr. BANKS. As it appears that the com-
mittees are not represented here to-day, I
hope the call will not be finished, as it may
deprive us for a long time to come of an
opportunity to report upon measures which
may be referred to us.
The SPEAKER. It is now after twelve
o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. There being no response, it
is evident the parties are not in court.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no other
duty than that laid down in the rules, which is
to call the committees during the morning hour.
discoveries of guano deposits.
Mr. BANKS. I have a report to make from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I have
sent to the committee-room for it, and mean-
while will make a statement of the facts of the
case.
A bill was passed in 1856 giving to the dis-
coverers of guano islands the right to make
a claim of their discovery, and oil the claim
being verified and approved by the State De-
partment the islands so discovered were to
be taken under the jurisdiction of the United
States and the discoverers to be allowed cer-
tain privileges with regard to taking guano
from those islands at the pleasure of Congress.
Tho discoverer and his assign were the only
parties recognized by the bill. Subsequently,
in 1857, Mr. Parker discovered Johnson's
island and Avres's island and several" o:her
islands upon which were guano deposits. He
filed a claim of his discovery in the State De-
partment. _ After some rejections on account
of informalities, and after the filing of amended
claims, the claim was allowed by the State
Department as legitimate. No claim for the
discovery of these islands has been made by
other parties. The discoverer, Mr. Parker,
suddenly died in this city some years ago.
His discoveries have proved to be of some
consequence; «nd his widow and heirs asked
of the Congress of the United States that the
law of 1856 might be sj far amended as to
include the widow, heirs, administrators, and
executors, of the discoverer in the same rights
and privileges, at the pleasure of Congress,
which the discoverer and his assigns would
have had under the law of 1856.
The se.cond section of the act provided that
no guano taken from these islands should be
exported or sold to citizens of any other Gov-
ernment than that of the United States. An
amendment to this law suspended this prohibi-
tion for a term of five years. That term has
now expired : so that if we should approve the
proposition to amend the lawgiving the widow
and heirs of the discoverer the same rights that
the discoverer or his assigns would have had,
they would still have no benefit from this law,
unless we should extend from five to ten years
the suspension of the prohibition with regard
to the sale or exportation of guano to others
than citizens of the United States. Such a
provision is contaiued in the proposition I sub-
mit. As I have the bill now I will send it to
the Chair to be read.
The bill was read by the Clerk. The first
section enacts that the provisions of the act of
Congress approved August 18, 1856, entitled
"An act to authorize protection to be given
to citizens of the United States who may dis-
cover deposits of guano," be, and the same
are hereby, extended to the heirs, executors, or
administrators of such discoverer, where such
discoverer shall have died before perfecting
proof of discovery or fully complying with the
provisions of said act approved as aforesaid.
The second section provides that section three
of an act approved July 28, 1866, entitled
"An act to protect the revenue, and for other
purposes," amendatory of the act aforesaid,
approved August 18, 1856, be, and the same
is hereby, amended by striking out the word
"five," wherever the same occurs, and insert-
ing in iieu thereof the word "ten," so as to
allow the heirs, executors, or administrators
of deceased persons who may have discovered
deposits of guano time to remove the same.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs report back House bill No. 166, to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize protection
to be given to citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of guano," approved
August 18,1856, with the recommendation that
it do pass, with the following amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
After tho word "the'" in line seven, insert the
word "widow;"so it will read: "be, and the same
are hereby, extended to the widow, heirs, exec-
utors, or administrators of such discovcrcr, where
such discoverer shall have died before perfecting
proof of discovery or fully complying with the pro-
visions of said act approved as aforesaid."
In lino ten, after tho word " aforesaid," add to the
first section tho words "after complying with the
requirements of the act ol Congress of August 18.
1865."
At the end of tho bill strike out the words " so as
to allow the heirs, executors, or administrators of
deceased persons who may have discovered deposits
of guano time to removo tho same."
Mr. DAWES. I hope the sections which
are proposed to be extended will be read.
Mr. BANKS. I will send them to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
