1872.-1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3948
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to that it
would not be in order to appoint a committee
of conference until the Senate had expressed
its wili in some way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I supposed that
we had now arrived at a stage of proceeding?
where an intelligent committee of this body,
having the desire, as I am s,ure they w.ould, in
connection with a committee of the House, to
ascertain by. examination of the business the
earliest period when it was practicably for us
to adjourn, would not be embarrassed by the
fact suggested by the honorable Senator from
TSIhw Jersey. Their action would depend, not
•upon a vote of the Senate, but upon an exam-
ination of the actual business necessary to be
accomplished before we can adjourn.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to make one sug-
gestion. It occurs to me that we are all agreed
in one thing, and that is, that we are uotready
to adjourn to-morrow; but the action of the
two Houses fixes to-morrow for the adjourn-
ment, and if there be no concurrent action
otherwise, we adjourn to-morrow. The House
of Representatives has sent to us a propo-
sition to adjourn on the 3d of June. Now,
1 suggest whether our best course is not to con-
cur in that, and we have thus by the joint
action of the two Houses postponed the time
of adjournment to that day anyhow. If we
lake no action upon the subject, or rather if
we postpone the time of adjournment until
Wednesday of next week, then there is no con-
currence of action, and the matter may fail be-
tween the two Houses, and we adjourn to-
morrow.
I suggest whether it is not the better course
thnt we agree with the House resolution to
adjourn on Monday, the 3d of June, and we
have thereby extended the time? If in the
meantime the two Houses reach the conclu-
sion that we cannot finish the business, then
we can extend the time. But unless we take
such action now, it seems to me we are in
great danger of adjourning to-morrow. Sup-
pose we amend their resolution to adjourn on
the 3d by substituting the 5th of June, and
they do not concur in it between now and to-
morrow, we s and adjourned. If we agree to
their resolution, then we postpone the time
umtl the 3dday ot June.
1 wish to say another thing, Mr. President,
and I say it in the humblest spirit, and with no
disposition on earth to find fault or to say any-
thing that I should not. It seems to me to be
the impression here on the part of many per-
sous that there is no investigation of any subject
unless we have discussed and time is taken up
in debate in the Senate. In my humble judg-
ment there is but little profit by discussions
without end. 1 believe we can understand
this tariff question and any oiher question that
may be before us by five-minutes speeches as
well as by talking for hours ; and if we would
reach t,be conclusion that we shall have these
five-minutes speeches upon this question, and
investigate instead of hearing and talking so
much, in my judgment we could reach an
adjournment next Monday. If we watt until
n^xt Wednesday it will be just as true as it
will be next Monday that, numberless bills must
go over without receiving attention that ought
to have received attention, but so it will be if
we stay here until next July or next October;
lulls will remain upon the Calendar that ought
to be disposed of. 1 think there are a few
bills which are of essential importance and
muat be passed, and I trust we shall not, by
our action here, leave ourselves in such a
situation that we shall adjourn to-morrow, and
thereby by possibility render an extra session
necessary. I think it would be unfortunate
for the country and unfortunate for us.
I may be allowed to say another thing, Mr.
President, that I think there are a vast num-
ber of bills that it were better for the country
we adjourned without passing than to stay
here and pas3 them. I suggest, therefore,
most humbly that the best way is to take up
the resolution of the House and concur in
that, and then we know that we shall remain
here until next Monday. If we adopt the
amendment we have no assurance that we" shall
not adjourn to-morrow. I am therefore in
favor of the proposition to concur iu the reso-
lution of the House adjourning next Monday,
and take.our chances.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to strike out "Monday, June 3," and
insert " Wednesday, June 5."
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being on a division—ayes 22, uo.es 35.
Mr. WILSON. I now hope we shall adopt
the resolution that came from the House, $nd
then work $s frard as we can ; and when the
time conjes if we want a further extension let
us ask for it. and I believe we can get it. I
Believe really we ought not to adjourn for three
or four weeks, but at the .saip.e time it is pos-
sible we may be able to do it next week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question i?
on the amendment ofthe Senator from Mich-
igan rescinding the resolution in regard to the
adjournment, to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. Nowlhope thata,mei)d-'
ment to rescind the former resolution will pass,
and I ask for the yeas ijnd nays upon it.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the substitute for the inform-
ation ofthe Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. All that we can do is to
rescind our concurrence if we choose to do so ;
but that is a proposition to rescind the resolu-
tion itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an amend-
ment to a concurrent resolution of the other
House.
Mr. POMEROY. It did not s^y "the
House concurring."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment is to strike out all after the word
"concurring" and insert what has been
Mr. POMEROY. I did not hear that.
The question being taken by ye$s and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler Clayton, Conk-
ling, Corbett,, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Nye, 0shorn, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Seott, Stewart. Sumner,
and Wilson—30. „ , .
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Cole. Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
Pen ton. Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill ot Vermont, Norwood, Pomeroy,
Ransom, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Seburz, Sherman,
Surngue, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman. Tipton,
Trumbull, Viekers, West, Windom, and Wright—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bfownlow, Davis of Kentucky,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hitchcock, Howe, Rice. Rob-
ertson, and Spencer—9.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the House concurrent
resolution.
Mr. CHAN DLER. I move to lay that reso-
lution on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan rises to move to lay the reso-
lution on the table. That motion will be
entered. The morning hour has expired, and
the tariff bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall dispose
of this subject; otherwise we shall be adjourned
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think before disposing
of this we had better dispose of the resolution
reported from 'the Committee on Finance. The
t,ar>ff bill is now pending, and 1 will move that
the tariff bill be laid on the table with the
view to take up the resolution reported from
the Committee on Finance. If that is passed,
it may disembarrass some Senators who are in
doubt how to vote on the other resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give notice to the
Senator from Ohio that that resolution cannot
pass without discussion. If he wants to take
up time in that way he can do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let us have
the discussion. I believe my motipn is in
order and is not debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to lay the tariff bill on the
t^ble for the purpose of following it up witlia
motion to take up the resolution reported from
the Committee on Finance limiting debate oil
the tariff bill to five minutes, and prohibiting
amendments not germane to the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division on
that motion, the purpose being avowed 
Mr. EDMUNDS. No debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-five,
noes not counted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HO0SE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
ofthe Senate to print additional copies of the
reconnoissance of Arizona and Nevada.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the bill (H. R. No. 1343)
supplemental to an act entitled "An act for
the apportionment of Representatives to Con-
gress among the several States according to
the ninth ceusus.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 171) to provide for the
sale of a, part of the light-house reservation
at Fort Gratiot, Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan ;
4 bill (H. R. No. 1957) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund duties
paid ou the chifne of bells and clock imported
for St. Joseph's cathedral, Buffalo, New
York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2932) in relation to re-
funding duties paid on tea and coffee in bond ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 2933) for the better or-
ganization of the district courts of the United
States within the State of Louisiana ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2935) to establish certain
post roads.
DBBATB ON TAX AND TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I move to take up
the resolution reported by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to
my colleague, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, to ask unanimous consent for the
same purpose. I understand there will be no
objection to that, and if so there is no object
in pressing this resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what I
desire. If the substance of the rule can be
considered as the unanimous consent of the
Senate, as was done two years ago, I have no
desire to press the Senator from Illinois and
some other Senators who seem to object to
having this put on the Journal as a rule.
Although I think the objection very fanciful,
still I will yield to it if that be the understanding
of the Senate. Let the resolution be read, and
if it can be the understanding of the Senate
without entering it on the records I will with-
draw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to take up this resolution reported from the
Committee on Finance, pending which the
Senator asks that it be adopted by unanimous
consent without, entering it on the Journal,
to be complied with by Senators as a mat-
ter of honor between themselves, not to be
enforced by the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That debate on House bill No. 2322 and
amendments thereto be limited to five minutes by
any Senator, and that no amendment to said bill
shall be in order unless germane to the subject-
matter of said bill.
