1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. E. No. 557) granting a pension to Eliza-
beth York, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Isaac Clark, pray-
ing that a pension be granted to Elizabeth
Posey, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Peavey,
praying to be allowed a pension, reported ad-
versely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
senator from north carolina.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections, to whom was referred the
memorial of Joseph C. Abbott, claiming a scat
in the Senate from the State of North Carolina,
have instructed me to make a report adverse
to his claim. I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER, The Senator from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Rice] and myself dissent from the
report which has been made from the commit-
tee by the Senator from Illinois, and submit a
written report containing the views of the
minority, and I move that there be three thou-
sand copies of both reports printed for the use
of the Senate. The question is an important
one and a technical one, and I think the
case is proper for printing extra copies of the
reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both reports will
be ordered to be printed, and the Senator from
Wisconsin moves that three thousand extra
copies be printed, which motion under the law
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. THURMAN. It is a mere matter of
title, but I will say to my friend from Wiscon-
sin that it is not usual in the Senate to make
what is technically called a minority report;
it is presented under the name of "views of
the minority." The Senate has always held
that a minority of a committee cannot make a
report. They present their views.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to take back
all I have said, and to say that the Senator
from Arkansas and myself submit our views
in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will make the appropriate* heading according
to the usage of tho Senate, "views of the
minority," and that paper will be signed by
the two Senators who dissent from the report.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections will at an early day call
up this matter and ask to have it considered
by the Senate.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. STOCKTON submitted an amendment
intended tobe proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs to the bill (H. 11. No. 1191)
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending Juno 30, 1873, and for
other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
order oe business.
Mr. COLE. I rise not for the purpose of
making a report, but to state that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations are ready to report other
bills in their hands. They have reported some
very voluminous and important bills already,
which are now on the Calendar, and to which
they have been seeking to bring the attention
of the Senate for some time past.
I rise to ask the Senate to stay here to day
until the resolution which will be under con-
sideration after the morning hour shall be dis-
posed of finally, and that they will stand by
the Committee on Appropriations on a call of
the yeas and naya for the purpose of determ-
ining that matter this day. I am satisfied that
the Senate has heard enough upon that ques-
tion, and I am equally satisfied that the coun-
try has been fully gratified by the discussion,
and cannot further be enlightened by the re-
marks of Senators upon it. I ask the Senate
to give the Committee on Appropriations as
long a time at least as has been wasted on this
useless resolution.
1 will add here that the House of Repre-
sentatives yesterday or the day before passed
a resolution in the same terms, almost totidem,
verbis, and a committee of that body is to
examine, and probably has already entered
upon the examination of the very questions
involved in the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and this 1 state as a strong
reason why the Senate should seek a dispo-
sition of that question on this day before we
adjourn. I say now, in the morning hour,
without making a report, that I shall ask the
Senate to stand by the Committee on Appro-
priations for the purpose of determining that
question this day, even if it runs into the
night, in order that the Committee on Appro-
priations may have at least two weeks for the
disposition of the appropriation bills that are
now reported and are ready to be reported
from that committee.
1 will add further that the House of Rep-
resentatives have sent us all the regular appro-
priation bills with a single exception, and we
are entirely behind. We have passed only
one little appropriation bill, that, I believe,
relating to pensions; but all the appropriation
bills that need the careful attention of the
Senate are still in the rear, and it is really
necessary that the committee have the time
asked for in order that they may be disposed
of. I hope the Senate will stand by us to-day
until we can dispose of the question which will
be under consideration after one o'clock.
bills introduced.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
724) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1871; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 725) authorizing .the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay certain claims arising from
the seizure and conversion to the use of the
United States of cotton after the 30th day of
June, 18G5; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 72G) to grant additional compensation to
the marshal of the district of South Carolina
for the year ending June 30, 1872 ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
727) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 728) for the encouragement of the foreign
commerce of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
729) for the relief of John R. Gaines; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
presidio reservation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
llesolvsd. That the Secretary of War bo directed
to inform the Senate how manv acres are contained
in the military reservation of Presidio, near the city
of San Francisco. California, how much of the same
is needed for military purposes, and how much the
portion not needed for the United States is worth.
Mr. COLE. I will state that that informa-
tion is already before the Senate in an authen-
tic shape. I introduced a resolution a short
time ago inquiring how much there was in the
several reservations, and that information has
been furnished the Senate. It is not printed
yet, but it will be printed and perhaps on our
tables to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know how much there
is, but I want to know how much is needed
for military purposes in acres, and how much
the balance is worth, of which we have not
been informed.
Mr. COLE. That also apears in another
document—a communication from the War
Department to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
not debatable if its consideration is objected to.
Mr. COLE. I do not object.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
senatorial recommendations for office.
Mr. CONKLING. There is a resolution on
the table which I wish to have taken up and
get a vote upon at the earliest moment. I
would move it now, but having occupied some
time with it in two morning hours, the Senator
from Kansas and other Senators ask me not to
interpose against some matters which they wish
to take up. Therefore, in place of making the
motion now, I wish to say that I hope the Sen-
ate will indulge me at a very early day, to-mor-
row if possible, in the morning hour, in taking
up this resolution and having a vote upon it.
atchison, topeka, and santa fe railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 676, to extend the time for the completion
of a railroad in the State of Kansas.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 676) to extend
the time for the completion of the Atchison,
Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad. It proposes
to extend the provisions of an act entitled "An
act. for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads and telegraphs in said
State," approved March 3, 1863, so far as the
same are applicable, to the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6 railroad; but that railroad is to
be completed from the Missouri river to the
west line of the State of Kansas on or before
the 3d day of March, 1877 ; and the company
is to complete its railroad and telegraph from
the city of Atchison, on the Missouri river, to
the crossing of Pawnee Fork, near Fort Larned,
by the 1st day of January, 1873.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The other
day I attempted to stop the passage of one of
the most objectionable bills of this kind that I
thought could be presented. This, I am sure,
so far as I know anything about it, is perhaps
the least objectionable one that can be offered;
but there has been an amendment to this bill
offered in the House, and I think if the bill
is to pass the amendment proposed in the
House should be added to this bill. I there-
fore offer the following amendment, to come
in at the end of the bill:
Sec. 2. That the lands granted by the act of Maroh
3,1863, and lying west of the point at which said
road and telegraph shall be completed by March 3,
