308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ULOBE.
[April 25,
Ho. of Reps
American Citizem Abroad—Mr. Wood.
42d Coxg....2d Sess.
revenue reformers, proposes, in order to stim-
ulate commerce, to put on the free list articles
that paid last year the petty sum of $1,007,000.
Do they put spices, or the gums of distant
nations, or tin there? Do they put tea or
coffee there? No, sir. With reference to
these and like articles they have made elab-
orate arguments to prove that as these are
things which nobody in this country produces,
all the tax goes into the Treasury, and therefore
heavy duties should he imposed upon them.
Sir, let us refer to tin. It enters into as
many of our arts as any other metal except
iron. For fifty years the American Con-
gress was wise enough to keep it on the free
list. It never was taxed till 1842, when a
duly of one per emit, was put upon it. When
Robert J. Walker, in 1846, undertook to
make a horizontal tariff, his scythe, sweep-
ing across, struck tin at the rate of five per
cent.; and it was put in at that rate ; but it
was restored to the free list by the act of
1857, aud was left there by the several acts
of 1861 and 1802. But in 1868, when war
was demanding its millions a day, we put a
war duty of fifteen per cent, on tin. We were
then taxing and imposing duties on every-
thing. And now, iu these " pipiug times of
peace," with our Treasury overflowing, with our
shipping paralyzed, with an increasing demand
for this weighty aud essential commodity that
would carry our vessels to where the gentle'
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] told us
he had once seen them, the distant straits of
Malacca, these worthy gentlemen propose to
retain the war duty of fifteen per cent, upon
tin. Is this done for tlie purpose of stimulating
foreign trade oi destroying domestic manu-
factures? Fifteen per cent., the war tax, is
to be maintained, though under it American
vessels cannot go to Malacca, and though the
blacking-maker, the packer of fruit, fish,
oysters, preserves, jelly, &e., and the housewife
furnishing her kitchen, all pay an additional
fifteen per cent, upon the tin and tinware they
purchase. Let me offer the prediction that
within one year from the time that tin in pigs
and blocks shall be restored to the free list
American enterprise will reduce the price of
tin plates, for which we are now wholly de-
pendent upon England. Will not our free-trade
revenue reformers revise their opinions on
this point and help me overthrow England's
monopoly of this important branch of trade?
I fear not.
In contrast with this restrictive policy the
minority bill proposes to remit from duties
$18,793,540. By the action in which the two
Houses have just concurred, making tea and
coffee free, so much of the minority bill has
been approved, and nearly sixteen million dol-
lars of those duties it proposed to repeal have
been repealed. So much is safe. But there is still
a considerable difference between $1,600,000,
the limit proposed by the majority, and
$2,454,858 remaining of the minority free list
which includes tin. camphor, and some other
articles from distant non-manufacturing coun-
tries upon which the majority proposes to main-
tain the existing rates of duty.
Now, sir, let us see what each bill proposes
to do on the subject of internal revenue.
What do the majority propose byway of eman-
cipating our domestic commerce? What do
they piopose to take off in the way of inter
nal taxes? Thirteen million nine hundred
and eighty-eight thousand dollars; while the
protective minority bill proposes to remove
§>27,720,000 of internal taxes, so that we may
gel nd of assessors, collectors, and other offi-
cers; so that we may reduce the expenses of
collecting this part of our revenue from
$5,000,000 per annum to §2,000,000; so that
the whole system shall, asl have before said, be
regarded as in process of rapid final extinction.
Sir, look, too, at the features of these bills.
But before proceeding to consider these, I
must ask the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wakemax] to indulge mo for ten minutes more
of his time. Look at the features of these
bills. The minority bill, looking to a reduction
of the official force, maintains the existing rate
of bank tax, but makes it collectable but twice
year. The bill No. 2322, to whomsoever, it
belongs, makes it collectable as now monthly,
so that an army of assessors and collectors
must be maintained. The minority bill pro-
poses to repeal the tax on sales of spirits and
tobacco which is assessed monthly ; thus it
will further dispense with the necessity for
assessors and collectors. Who, then, judged
by these bills, are iu favor of revenue reform?
Who are in favor of civil service reform ? Who
would enfranchise the trade of American citi-
zens, let them be in what part of the country
they may? I say that the minority bill would
do all this in a greater degree than that which
is proposed as a free-trade, revenue-reform
measure.
I wish now to invite the attention of the
House to a special clause or two in the ma-
jority bill. If gentlemen will do me the favor
to turn to page 23, section six, they will find a
little job which nauseated the two Committees
of Ways and Means before the present one.
It is an old familiar in the room of the com-
mittee. I found it there when first ap-
pointed, and it was then regarded with positive
disfavor. It is a cunning bit of legislation, and
may cost the Treasury millions of dollars.
You cannot make a ribbon with a raised or
beaded edge without putting in a thread of
cotton. You cannot make the costliest of ail
ribbons, velvet ribbons, without putting a cot- I
ton back to it. There is scarcely a ribbon not j
absolutely plain which comes into market !
which has not threads or'a thread of cotton 1
in it. This bill proposes in section six to \
repeal the law of 1864. But does it stop there ? j
No, sir; it says as to a few favored men who
have brought suits that they shall, without
judgment of the courts, have their claims
liquidated as though the law of 1864 had not
been in force.
Will any gentleman tellhow many thousands
or millions of dollars will be taken from the
Tieasury by this provision? Will gentlemen
tell me who the parties aie who have been
thrifty enough to bring suits? Will gentlemen
tell me whether these parties after paying
duties on the goods they imported did not
sell them at the same rate as other importers
did ? They have had eight years to bring their
suits to issue and not one has yet succeeded
in getting a verdict against the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired. ,
Mr. WAKEMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania ten minutes more of my
time.
Mr. KELLEY. Let me in this connection
sa,y that I have just received from a leading
firm of jobbers and importers ofsiik and fancy
goods in New York a little package of side
bindings. In the note inclosing them a mem-
ber of the firm says, " One gross cost before
they were made here from $12 to §13 50.
These cost $9 per gross; they were made at
Paterson, New Jersey, and are equally as
good as the imported." What a significant
commentary is this upon the theory that the
duty is added to the price of protected com-
- modities. A duty of sixty per cent, has de-
veloped domestic competition and reduced
the price of silk bindings in some cases twenty-
five and in others fifty per cent.
Mr. Chairman, again thanking the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wakemax] for
his courtesy, I must draw to a close, but not
until I shall have said to the House that I have
spoken for my country and my whole country,
and for all its industries. I desire to see the
prostrate South freed from the harassing pro-
visions of the internal revenue laws, and stim-
ulated by protective duties to develop its won-
derful iriineral resources, and avail itself of
its magnificent water-power. When the cotton
factory shall be erected on the flowing waters
that dash through the cotton fields of the
South, when the hum of the waterfalls shall
mingle with that of the spindle and the loom,
and when manufacturing villages graced, as
Pennsylvania and New England villages are,
by school-houses and churches, shall be seen
there, there will be no more Ku Klux outrages,
and a common interest will identify the people
of the several sections of the country.
Nor do I less desire to stimulate the agri-
culture of the West and to reward it by a near
market of consumers, whose prosperity shall
be so great that they will freely consume, at
liberal prices, all that the West may grow of
grain, or cattle, or wool. And I would have
her develop her vast coal fields, greater than
those of all the world beside, including those
of the Atlantic slope of the United States. I
would blend the various industries of the coun-
try into one harmonious whole, each prosper-
ous. and each by its prosperity promoting that
of others.
And more, sir, I would make our country in
fact, as it has ever been in theory, the asylum
of the oppressed of all lands. I would stim-
ulate employers to go to Lancashire, and
snatch from starvation the seventy thousand
people skilled in spinning, weaving, and dyeing,
of whom Professor Kirk speaks. I would
induce others to go to the east end of London
among the starving miners, smelters, forgers,
machinists, and engineers, and bring twenty-
five thousand of them and their families, and
put them to work on the prairies of the West
or upon the shores of the lakes, and thus
build up industries that should develop all the
mineral resources and all the natural powers
of the West, and create a market there iu their
midst that would emancipate the farmers of
that region from the thralldom in which they
are now held by the great transportation com-
panies of the country.
American Citizens i broad.
SPEECH OF HON. FERNANDO WOOD,
Of SEW YOHK,
In the House of Representatives,
April 25, 1872.
The House having under consideration the follow-
ing preamble and resolution reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs:
Whereas Dr. John ISinilio Houard has, after one
year's imprisonment, and trial by a military eourt-
raartial, been convicted of complicity in an insur-
rection against the Spanish Government in the
island of Cuba, and, upon said conviction, has been
transported to a penal colony oi Spain for the term
of eight years, troni which conviction, sentence, and
punishment ho appeals for protection to the Gov-
ernment, ol' the United States; and whereas it
appear*; lirst, thut^aid Ilouard was a native-born
citizen ol the United estates ; second, that he never
renounced his allegiance as such eilizen; but on the
contrary has claimed to be and has been enroll ed by
the officers ot the Government of the United States
as a citizen of the United States; third, that it is
not shown by any_ form ot proof that he ever became,
by any act, a subject or citizen of the Government
o!_Spain; and whereas it further appears that his
trial, sentence, and punishment have been in disre-
gard and violation ot his undoubted rights as a citi-
zen oi the United States, under the Constitution and
laws thereof, aud the treaty of October 27.1795, be-
tween the United States and Spain; Therefore,
Be it, fnoloed. That, in the judgment of this House,
the said John Emilio Ilouard was, and is, a citizen
of the United States by birth and continued and
uninterrupted choice, and, as such, is entitled to all
and every protection from this Government, and, in
the opinion of this House, the President should
promptly demand his unconditional release and tha
