1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
1873, excepting only such as are necessary to reserve
for the use of the company, shall be sold to actual
settlers only, and in quantities of not more than one
hundred and sixty acre3 to any one person, under
such restrictions and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior, at such
prices as will secure to said company, its successors
or assigns, an average price of not more than §2 50
per acre for the amount actually certified for each
completed section of twenty miles of said railroad,
subject to the foregoing conditions and limitations.
Said company, as fast as each section of its road
shall becompletcd,shall receive patents as provided
in said act of March 3,1863, for such odd sections of
land as may be necessary to make up deficiencies
in said section or on any other completed sections
of said road, and which may be situated within
the indemnity limits prescribed in said act of
March 3,1803.
I trust that the Senator from Kansas will
see that that is in harmony with the opinions
which have been expressed olten here in the
Senate, and that it having been presented to
the bill in the House by the Committee on
Public Lands, he will make no objection to its
adoption here.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand from what
the Senator says that the committee of the
House, but not the House, have suggested
some amendment of this kind, perhaps this
very amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The same.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care to resist
the amendment. I do not think there is
much force in requiring a company to sell
land at not over $2 50 an acre in the western
part of my State. They cannot get that for it
in any event. After you get out on those
plains, you cannot make a grant average $2 60
an acre. That is all there is in it. 1 have not
seen the amendment; but if that is all there
is in it, I shall not object to it. I think it will
be impossible to make any grant in the west-
ern portion of my State, where these lands are,
equal to an average of $2 50 an acre. I think
the company would be very willing to sell
them at $2 50 an acre. This is simply to
give the company another year to build to Fort
Larned, obliging them to put down one hun-
dred and sixty-five miles this year, and the im-
portance of having it passed is that if the com-
pany are going to have the time extended,
they must know it, because they cannot build
one hundred and sixty-five miles unless they
know it early and make their arrangements
accordingly. It extends the time for the
whole completion until 1873. I believe that
is all. It does not change the grant; it does
not add anything to it; it does not take any-
thing from it; and I think there can be no
objection to the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to look
into this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill has been up
cne morning before. I do not want to press
it to a vote if any Senator has any serious
objections to it; but this is the second time
I have had it up, and it is merely a bill extend-
ing the time for the completion of a railroad.
The grant was made in 1863. During the war
they could do nothing; they waited until the
close of the war, and have not had much time
since.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to look
into it. I understand it is a very large grant
that has lapsed.
Mr. POMEROY. It has not yet lapsed. It
Las another year to run before it lapses.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I should like to
see whether they can build the road. I should
like to have the bill lie over until to-morrow
if the Senate has no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
postpone until to-morrow, if it prevailed,
would restore the bill to the Calendar.
Mr. THURMAN. I make that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not resist the post-
ponement of it until to-morrow if the Senator
from Ohio will look into it in the mean time,
and then state his objection to the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I will.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to take
any Senator by surprise. If there is anything
in this bill that he does not understand, and he
wants to look into it, that is a good reason
why it should lie over; but if it is simply to
defeat the bill, I would prefer to take the
sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
I shall oppose the bill or not when I am fully
informed of it; but I want to look into it to
see whether I shall oppose it or not.
_ Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator desires
simply to look into the bill, I will not object
to it going over until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
kuedkrick p. dimpfel,
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
156, for the relief of Frederick P. Dimpfel.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 156) for the relief of
Frederick P. Dimpfel.
The Committee on Patents reported the bill
with amendments.
The amendments were:
In lines throe, four, .ind five, to strike out the
words "Commissioner of Patents is hereby author-
ized to hear the application of Frederick P. Dimpfel
for a rcoxtonsion of the;" in the fifth line, to strike
out"him"and insert "Frederick P.Dimpfel;" in
the seventh lino, to strike out the words " and to
grant the extension of said patent" and insert " be,
and the same is hereby, extendedand in lines ten
and eleven, to strike out the words " if the Commis-
sioner, upon examination, shall consider that he is
entitled to such extension;" so that the bill will
read:
That the patent heretofore granted Frederick P.
Dimpfel, on the 16th of July, 1850, for an improve-
ment in steam-boilers, be, and the same is hereby,
extended for seven years from and after the 16lh of
July, 1871.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear
the report read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
made by Mr. Morrill, of Maine, on the 0th
instant;
The Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
to whom was referred the petition of Frederick 1\
Dimpfel, of the city of Philadelphia, praying an
extension of his patent for an improvement in steam-
boilers, having considered the same, beg leave to
submit the following report:
The petitioner represents "that on the 16th of
July, 1860, he obtained a patent under tho laws of
the United Stales for an improvement in steam-
boilers, which patent was afterward extended for
seven years from and after the 16th day of J uly, 1864,
and which expired on the 16th day of July, 1871;"
and, further, " that although the invention is of
groatvalue, it is one of that class which is always
introduced with great difficulty, from the great cost
with whicbr it is necessarily attended, and from the
reluctance with which change in such matters is
always made. From these causes, and from tho fact
that for some time past the business of the country
has been very greatly dera.nged, he has failed to
receive any adequate remuneration for tho time,
ingenuity, and expense that have been devoted to
this object."
Those representations the committee are of opin-
ion are well sustained by the proofs submitted by the
petitioner, both as regards the value of tho inven-
tion and the inadequacy of remuneration.
The committee are not awaro of any opposition to
the prayer of the petitioner, and believehim entitled
to relief, and accordingly present the accompanying
bill, and recommend its passage.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator who reported this bill what provision
is made in it for securing people that may have
taken up the construction of this species of
boiler since the expiration of the patent. I
believe it has been generally usual to protect
interests which have accrued since the expira-
tion of the patent, and not subject everybody
who may have built a boiler of that patent
since to a law-suit in consequence of this
extension.
Mr. SCOTT. I am not aware that there are
any interests of that kind to be affected. I had
hoped the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mokpjll,]
whoreported this bill,wouldbein his seatwhen
it was called up; but I regret to see that he is
not now here. I have not a very intimate ac-
quaintance with the merits of this bill: but I
remember that on a former examination the
Committee on Patents reported favorably on
it, and it passed the Senate, and failed in the
House of Representatives for want of time.
The bill was reintroduced simply authorizing
the Commissioner of Patents to hear the appli-
cation for a reextension; but the evidence laid
before the committee was so entirely satisfac-
tory that instead of authorizing an application
to the Commissioner for an extension,"they
reported a bill absolutely extending the patent.
It is very seldom that an application before a
committee is so strong as to induce greater
relief than that which is asked for; but it is
so in this case. I am not aware that there are
any interests of the kind referred to by the
Senator from Vermont. Indeed, the report
states that there is no opposition to the exten-
sion of the patent. I think there are no inter-
ests adverse to it. I have no doubt, if it were
necessary, the committee would consent to such
modification as would protect parties who may
have used the article patented in the interval.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure thait amend-
ment ought to be made, and I suggest to the
Senate to let the bill go over until to-morrow,
until tho gentleman comes in who has it in
charge, and we can have an amendment of
that kind prepared.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to that
amendment being made now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. • I am not ready to make
it at this moment, for the reason that it is not
drawn. Certainly it ought not to pass in this
form.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I have drawn
an amendment that will cover that. It was
certainly intended that the bill should protect
persons who have engaged in the use or man-
ufacture of this invention since the expiration
of the patent. I did not report this .particular
bill myself, but I know that is the general lulo
of the committee. Therefore I offer this
amendment to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That all persons that havo engaged in
tho use or manufacture of said invention since tho
expiration of said patent shall be authorized to
continue the same, notwithstanding the passage
of this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that will do.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
william 1slanciiard.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 074) for the relief of William Blanch-
ard. It involves a very small amount—a
couple of hundred dollars paid out by a public
officer.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for tho
payment of $219 10 to refund to William.
Blanehard the amount paid by him to wit-
nesses detained at Melbourne, Australia, to
be sent to the United States to testify m rela-
tion to an alleged murder committed on board
the American ship Herbert.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
congressional globe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire and report what measures can bo
probably taken to reduce the bulk of the Congres-
sional Globe, and whether for this purpose the index
may not be curtailed and not repeated in every
volume, and whether the publication of the laws
of the United States and other matter may be ex-
cluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
tion V
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no objection to
the resolution, but I will mention to my friend,
the Senator from Vermont, that that verysub-
ject has been considered in committee, and
