1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3945
curtailing the rights of minorities and arrogat-
ing to themselves additional powers. On gen-
eral appropriation bills we have adopted a rule
that debate shall be limited so far as it relates
to amendments to sueh bills to five minutes,
and that no amendment shall be offered that
is not germane to the bill that is under con
sideration ; but the Senator from Ohio is not
satisfird with a similar rule in reference to the
tariff bill. The Senator from Massachusetts
is quite willing to agree to that, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio can ha*e unanimous consent
in a moment to have the same general under-
standing in regard to the tariff bill that exists
in reference to the appropriation bills ; but no,
he must go one step further, and he demands,
not only that debate shall be limited to five
minutes upon all amendments, and thatamend-
ments shall be germane to the bill, but he re-
quires that upon the bill itself, a great meas-
ure affecting the public interests more than
any other that lias been before Congress for
many sessions, debate shall be limited to five
minutes. This is a step in advance, is requir-
ing something more than has been required
even in reference to an appropriation bill ; and,
as I said, it shows the tendency when the en-
croachments of power are submitted to, to go
011 adding one to another. It is just in this
way that every people have lost their rights.
Now, Mr. President, 1 desire to call atten-
tion to some of the action of tlie last two or
three years to sho  how silently step by step
these encroachments are made by Federal
autlioritv.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Illinois allow me to ask hima single
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. He as well a3
myself is anxious to get through with the work
of tlie session. He appears to be now talking
in order to consume time, in order that we
may be called together by executive authority
to-morrow. I now desire to ask him this
question: how much political capital can he
expect to make here from the fact that the
Senate desire to pass a resolution limiting de-
bate, to which all the Senate have agreed
except one single Senator? Is it anything so
extraordinary that the Senate should be called
upon to vote as a resolution what all have
agreed to with the exception of one single
Senator ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is more in it
than the Senator from Vermont seems to sup-
pose.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Veimont what evidence he has
that all have agreed to it except oue single
Senator?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Because no
other Senator objected but the Senator from
-Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. The objection of one was
enough.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was one
• too much. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
every morning objection is made by one Sen-
ator, and that, under the rules, is sufficient.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. 1 desire to
say to the Senator from Vermont that this
side of the Chamber has not agreed to any
such thing. He says all but one or two Sen
ators have agreed. There are a dozen Senators
on ihis side who, while willing to limit debate
on amendments, are not ready to restrict the
discussion of the tariff bill itself to five minutes,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No Senator
on that side objected.
Mr. SUMNER. .One is enough under the
rules.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And the
Senators who usually speak for the minority
on that side did assent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Vermont supposes that I am speaking against
time, or for the purpose of prolonging this seS'
sion, or for the purpose of making political cap-
ital, heismuch mistaken. I never speak against
time; I never speak for the purpose of pro-
longing the session, and I think I am as little
obnoxious as any member to the accusation
of speaking for the purpose of making polit-
ical capital. But if anything I could say could
arouse a feeling among the people of this land
to the danger that is coming upon them in the
constant encroachments upon their rights by
the Federal Government, I should conceive
that I was performing a valuable service. I
do not regard it as a small matter that debate
is to be stifled in the Senate of the United
States.
1 remember, Mr. President, and it is not
many years since, when even petitions could
not be heard in the House of Representatives,
when publications in favor of freedom could
not pass through the mails, when it was as
much as a man's life was worth to say in half
the States of the Union that human slavery
was wrong. Sir, those who were for uphold-
ing that great wrong, human slavery, were
afraid of discussion, and those in favor of the
exercise of despotic power will always fear
open discussion. The encroachments of power
are usually silent and hidden ; and if the Sen-
ate adopts a gag rule by which measures can
be passed without examination, and the people
be kept in ignorance of what is done, Congress
may go on thus stealthily arrogating power
till tht-re shall be established a Government
wholly independent of the will of the people.
Now let me point you to some of the gradual
encroachments in legislation. Until within a
few years, whatever may have been the consti-
tutional power of Congress, it was never
thought expedient to interfere with elections in
the States. But, sir, a year ago, in 1871, we
passed an act to amend a previous act entitled
" An act, to enforce the right of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this Union, and for other purposes." The
avowed purpose of that act was to control the
elections of members of Congress. Under
the Constitution of the United States I agree
that Congress has authority to regulate the
election of members of Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senatorallow
me? I understand him to say that it was the
avowed purpose of that act to control the elec-
tion of members of Congress. I desire to know
who avowed that purpose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is avowed on the face
of the act. The act provides for controlling
elections when Representatives to the House
of Representatives are chosen.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then by controlling
the Senator means simply to protect them from
violence and force?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, Mr. President,
Louis Napoleon assumed despotic power in
France in order topreserve order I Arbitrary
usurpation is always made in the name of
order or liberty 1 It is not avgwed to be for
the purpose of oppression and wrong. But
did it make the despotism of Louis Napoleon
any the less because he assumed despotic
power in the name of law and order?
Mr. CARPENTER. I dislike to interrupt
the Senator, and would not do it except simply
on a question of fact. 1 understand now what
he means by the word '-control." I under-
stood before that he meant it was avowed that
the object in passing that act was to elect cer-
tain candidates.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, I did not mean
that it was avowed to be the purpose to elect
certain candidates. I merely meant that the
avowed purpose of the law, as is apparent on
its face, was to regulate and control the elec-
tions; and the Senator will not deny that, I
think.
I said, Mr. President, that I did not ques-
tion the constitutional power of Congress to
pass a law on this subject, but I doubt very
much the expediency of any interference by
the Federal Government with the elections.
But however that may be, Congress now for
t.he first time, after the Government has been
in existence almost a century, puts forth this
power to supervise and regulate elections in
the States, and enacts that the election of
members of the House of Representa'ives and
of electors for President and Vice President
shall take place on the same day, and be held
under the supervision of Federal officers.
That is to say, it fixes the same day for the
election of both every fourth year in all the
States of the Union save one, and that was
changed at the present session of Congress for
the benefit of Louisiana. And this is done
although by the Constitution of the United
States Congress has no power whatever over
the choosing of electors of President and Vice
President, for by that instrument electors are
chosen in the manner which each State shall
think proper to adopt; even by its Legislature
itshall choose. We all know the fact that at
the present time in all the States electors are
chosen by a vote of the pfeople.
By fixing the election of Congressmen on
the same day as the election of electors, Con-
gress brings to bear incidentally (as was said
by the Senator from Indiana in a speech which
be made in this body some daysago) the wliola
machinery which has been provided to regulate
and control the choosing of Representatives
to the House. W.hat is this machinery ? I
propose to bring the law to the notice of Sen-
ators, that they may see how gradually, step
by step, they are proceeding to control elec-
tions by the people. 1 propose to call atten-
tion to some sections of the act passed a year
ago and of the supplemental bill which has
been passed by the Senate at the present ses-
sion of Congress.
The original act on this subject was to secure
to colored people the right to vote guarantied
to them by an amendment to the Constitution.
But after that act had passed, then followed
this—I will read the second and eighth sec-
tions of the act passed February 28,* 1871 :
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
in any city or town having upward ot twenty thou-
sand inhabitants, there shall bo two citizens thereof
who, prior to any registration of voters tor an elec-
tion for Representative or Delegate in the Congress
of the United States, or i>nor to any electiou at
which a Representative or Delegate in Congress i3
to be voted for, shall make known, in writing, to the
judge of the circuit court, of the United States for
the circuit wherein such city or town shall be, their
desire to have said registration, or snid election
or both, guarded a.nd scrutinized, it shall be the
duty of the said judge of the circuit court, within
not loss than ten days prior to said registration, if
one there be, or, if no registration be required,
within not less than ten days prior to said election, to
open the Sdid circuit court at the most convenient
point in s.iid circuit. And the said court, when so
opened by said judge, shall proceed to appoint and
commission, from day to day and from time to time,
and under the hand of said circuit judge, and under
the seal of said court, for each election district or
voting precinct in each and every such city or town
as shall, in the manner herein prescribed, have ap-
plied t herefor, and to revoke, change, or renew said
appointment from time to time, two citizens, resi-
dents of said city or town, who shall be of different
political parties, and able to read and write the
English language, and who shall be known and
designated as supervisors of election. And the
said circuit court, when opened by the Bind cir-
cuit judge as required herein, shall therefrom and
thereafter, and up to and including the day follow-
ing the day of election, be always opeu for tbo
transaction of business under this act, and tho
powers and jurisdiction hereby granted and con-
ferred shall be exercised as well in vacation as in
term time; and a judge sitting at chambers shall
have the same powers and jurisdiction, including
the power ot keeping order and of punishing any
contempt ot his authority, as when sitting in court."
.J!##****#**
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That whenever
an election stt which Representatives or Delegates
in Congress are to be choscn shall be held in any
city or town of twenty thousand inhabitants or up-
ward. the marshal of tho United States for the dis-
trict in which said city or town is situated shall
have power, and it shall bo his duty, on the appli-
cation, in writing, of at least two citizens residing
in any such city or town, to appoint special deputy
marshals, whose duty it shall be, when required as
provided in this act, to aid and assist the supervis-
ors of election in the verification of any list of per-
sons made under tbe provisions of this act, who
may have registered, or voted, or either, to attend
in each election district or voting precinct at tha
times aad places fixed for the.registration of voters*
