1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
uable rights in respect of the guano on islands
so discovered, he entered into a contract with
certain persons in San Francisco, ceding to
them a large portion of his rights in those
inlands, and a vessel was fitted out by those to
whom he transferred his rights to find and take
possession of the island he claimed to have
discovered.
The vessel thus fitted out sailed; certain
islands were discovered ; upon the return of
the vessel, the island having been taken pos-
session of temporarily, a company was formed
to work the guano on them, and to that
company all the rights were assigned which
Parker as discoverer had, except so far as lie
had already parted with them. Subsequently
that company applied to Congress for a light
to remove the guano on those islands under ex-
isting laws ; and Parker also applied to Congress
on the ground that he was the discoverer, and
that his assignments were not in all respects
valid.
The case of the rival claiments was fully
heard before the State Department. In the
tenth volume of the Attorney General's opin-
ions may be found the opinion of Mr. Justice
Black, then ihe Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States, in which he declared, first, that
nobody had any right as discoverer to those
islands, by virtue of the possession taken under
the voyage to which I have referred, the claim-
ants having failed to keep continuous occupa-
tion of them as required by law ; secondly,
indicating that if Parker had any right to the
islands, he had disposed of them, anddeclaring
the guano belonged to a certain company by
virtue of certain action it had taken, and not
because of Parker's alleged discovery. My own
opinion was that Parker never found the par-
ticular islands upon which the guano was, but
that in the pursuit of what he supposed were
those islands, other islands were found; and
second, that if he ever discovered those islands
he had assigned his rights at least twice if not
three times ; third, that the State Department
was right in saying that nobody under the law
had ever perfected any right to this guano by
reason of Parker's discovery if he did discover;
and fourth, that the case having been adju-
dicated by the State Department as long ago
as 1857,Ithink, andithavingbeen then declared
that nobody had any rights whatever as against
the Government to that guano, by virtue of
this alleged discovery by Parker, that finding
was conclusive, and I therefore reported ad-
versely to the bill that had passed the Senate
for Mrs. Parker's relief, and it did not become
a law.
Now, if this bill is intended at any future
time to create no rights to this guano to any
person beyond what now exist, then it should
provide, first, that any person who had vested-
rights should be fully protected in them ; and
second, that where any claim has been submit-
ted to the Government at any time, and has
been passed upon, that determination should be
final, so that titles so determined may not be
unsettled and disputes long since determined
revived. And this is the object of the amend-
ment I have proposed.
Mr. WILLARD. It is the farthest possible,
I suppose, from the intention of any gentle-
man connected with the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to give any rights to anybody by the
report they have made in this case. Certainly
it was the farthest possible from any intention
on their part to take away any rights that at
present exist ill anybody.
I see but very little objection to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Potter ;] certainly but little objection to the
amendment which he proposes. I think I do
see one objection to it, and for that reason an
amendment which has been prepared by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
and which is entirely satisfactory to him, seems
to me to be preferable. The amendment which
he prepared is as follows :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
be held to impair any rights of discovery or any
assignment by a discoverer heretofore recognized
by the Government of the United States.
The only question that was considered by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the
only question, it seems to me, which is pre-
sented by their report, is whether the provis-
ions of the statutes which have been referred
to here shall be extended to widows, heirs,
executors, and administrators of deceased dis-
coverers. The bill provides that it shall not
be extended to such cases even unless the
discoverer has failed from want of time to per-
fect his right. Of course if he has failed for
want of time to perfect his right he can have
given no right to anybody else by assignment.
Therefore the objection, while it is perfectly
proper, is an objection to an imaginary bill,
rather than to the one presented here. All
that the House is called upon to consider is
whether they will extend the provisions of the
law of 1856 so that widows, heirs, executors,
and administrators may have the benefit of
any right which was not perfected by the dis-
coverer during his lifetime for want of time.
There can be no injustice in that, no impro-
priety in it; and the proviso that it shall not
affect any vested right, or any right heretofore
recognized by the Government, is entirely
proper, and the committee will make no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. POTTER. If the committee make no
objection to the proposition, there is no occa-
sion for me to say anything further.
The SPEAKER. Before receiving further
amendments the Chair will submit to the House
those reported by the committee.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs was read, as follows :
In line seven, after the word " the," insert
"widows;" so that the clause will read, "extended
to the widows, heirs, executors," &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was read, as follows :
At the end of line ten add the following : " after
complying with the requirements of the act of Con-
gress of August 18,18(55."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was read, as follows :
Strike out on page 2, lines eight, nine, and ten, as
follows: "so as to allow the heirs, executors, or
administrators of deceased persons who may have
discovered deposits of gun no time to remove the
same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I decline to yield for the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
NewYork, [Mr. Potter.] I yield to allow the
gentleman irom California [Air. Sargent] to
offer an amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the first seel ion the following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
be held to impair any rights of discovery, or any
assignment by a discoverer heretofore recognized by
the Government of the United States.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from California whether that amend-
ments satisfactory to him as covering the same
ground as my proposition ?
Mr. SARGENT. I think it covers the same
ground.
Mr. POTTER. Then I am content.
The ameudment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third oime,
and passed.
Mr BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ordbr of business
Mr. BANKS. I move that the Hous" ad-
journ, and on that question I ask for the yeas
and nays. Our committee did not expect ti
be called this morning. Of the thirty or forty
committees standing ahead of us none was
ready with business to-day; and we do not
think it right under such circumstances that
we should lose our privilege.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] will report my Cuban
resolutions to-morrow I will vote to adjourn.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHELDON. I call attention to the fact
that there is on the Calendar a special order
which might be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The object of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] can be
attained by having unanimous consent that
the morning hour be considered as closed.
But the Chair must remind members that in
three or four weeks there will be great com-
plaint that no committee can have an oppor-
tunity to report anything.
Mr. DAWES. Will it not be better to allow
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to be passed
to-day by unanimous consent, so that some
other committee may take their place?
The SPEAKER. There are but four or five
committees that have not been called this
morning.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make a statement.
One of my colleagues on the committee, the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Packard,] has
a bill which we have agreed to report—an im-
portant bill; but we have thought it proper to
consult the Secretary of State to ascertain
whether lie has any objection to it. We have
also another report which is subject to the
same condition.
Mr. DAWES. The suggestion which I make
will reach that difficulty. It is that the other
committees be called, with tho understanding
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs shall
not bo deprived of its place to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If anything should ba
reported this morning and should go over as
unfinished business, how would the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] adjust that
matter ?
Mr. DAWES. "Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof."
Mr. COX. I think we had better go on in
regular order.
The SPEAKER. Very great difficulty
arises the moment the strict rule is departed
from. If any committee should be allowed
to report now, its business, if not finished
to-day, would continue to occupy the morning
hour, and thus the Committee on Foreign
Affairs would be excluded from the right to
report,.
Mr. DAWES. 1 suppose the understand-
ing would be that when the other committee
should get through the Committee on Foreign
Affairs would be again called.
The SPEAKER. That can be done. The
next committee in order is the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to any departure
from the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objec-
tion is sufficient. The Chair considers that the
proposition involves difficulties from whieh he
would not know how to extricate the House.
The proposilion was that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs should be passed over and the
next committee called, and that when the
business of the latter should be finished the
call should go back to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs; but when the latter committee
should have finished its business the Chair
would not know where to begin again. There
is always simplicity if the rules are strictly
adhered to, and all the trouble and confusion
in the House come from varying from the
rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the regu-
lar order of business
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SCOFiELD. I think nearly all the
committees called this morning weie in pre-
