1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215S
praying for an increase of pension, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed, and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
F. p. DAYTON.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 894) granting a pension to the
widow and heirs of P. P. Dayton, of company
F, eleventh Indiana volunteer infantry, to re-
port it back with an amendment. This is a
case where the committee think the Pension
Office has plainly decided wrong as to want
of proof of the cause of death, the soldier hav-
ing died in his tent in camp in the regular way.
We therefore ask to have the bill passed now
with the amendment which we report.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill so as to make it read :
Be it enacted, &c„ That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be. and he is hereby, directed to placo on tho
pension-roll, subject to the limitations and provis-
ions of tho pension laws, the names of the minor
children, under sixteen years of uge, of Frederick
F. Dayton, late private company]?, eleventh regi-
ment Indiana volunteers, as the case of a widow
remarried.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MARGARET LEE.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
892) granting a pension to Margaret Lee,
report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage, and submit a written
report to accompany it. I ask the Senate
to put this bill now on its passage. I do not
know that it is necessary that it should be
delayed until the printing of the report.
By unanimous consent, tho bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place oil the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Margaret Lee, mother of
David Lee, late a private in company B, four-
teenth Ohio volunteers, and to pay her a pen-
sion from and after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BUSINESS or JUDICIARY COMMJUTTJSE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no report to
make, but I desire to call up a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has entered a general objec
tiou to calling up bills till the morning busi-
ness is through. The Chair will stale, how-
ever 
Mr. TRUMBULL. While I am on the floor,
then, I wish to say to the Senate that there are
several bills reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary that are generally of a public
character, and that it has no more interest in
them than any other committee of the Senate
or any other person in- the country, except
that we think some of them are measures of
importance that ought to pass. It is very diffi-
cult to get attention to them. Being of a pub-
lic character, no particular person is interested
in them. They ought to be acted upon, and
I have sometimes tried to get the floor in the
morning hour, but generally the class of bills
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
lead to some discussion. It is necessary to
have some explanation of them. They relate to
the organization of courts and the business in
the courts of the country. I find it very dilli-
cuit to get attention to them and have them dis-
posed of. Now, what I propose to avoid this
trouble is that the Senate should allow some
day—it is indifferent to me when; I do not eare
if it is ten days or two weeks off—when the busi-
ness from the Committee on the Judiciary
shall be taken up and disposed of. I think it
will facilitate the business of the Senate if they
will allow a time to be set down for that pur-
pose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor name any day ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest Monday week.
I do not wish to interfere with anything else.
If there is no objection in the Senate, and they
will allow the business of that committee to
come up, say a week from Monday—it is busi-
ness in which the Senate and the country aro
interest ed as a general thing—I will ask to have
it set down for a week from next Monday,
and that we may then take it up and dispose
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The Chair will
state that next Monday is assigned for reports
from the Committee on Claims, and Tuesday
for reports from the Committee on Military
Affairs, of course both subject to unfinished
business. The Senator from Illinois now asks
that Monday week may be assigned for the
consideration of reports from the Committee
on the Judiciary. It will, of course, be subject
to the unfinished business at the close of the
preceding week.
Mr. COLE. I do not rise to make any
objection; but I wish to submit a remark or
two in connection with it, if in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the proposition will be agreed to by
the Senate; if there is objection, the proposi-
tion is not before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I do not object at all.
Mr. HOWE. Did I understand the propo-
sition was to assign Monday?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; Monday week. I
am indifferent about the day.
The VICE PRESi DENT. The Chair under-
stands there is no objection to Monday week
being assigned, and he repeats, as he did in
regard to the other committees' business, that
it is subject to the unfinished business of the
week before, which must be laid on the table
on that day so that the Senator from Illinois
shall have that day for the consideration of his
business.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have a letter
from the Attorney General read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mutes are in order, and several Senators have
risen wilh reports.
Mr. COLE. I will not interfere with that.
T. B STEWART AND A. H'COXN.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
545) for the relief of Thomas B. Stewart and
Alexander McConn, of West Virginia, have,
instructed me to report it back, with an amend-
ment, and I ask for its present consideration.
The bill was road. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Thomas
B. Stewart and Alexander McConn, of West
Virginia, the sum of dollars, to reim-
burse them for moneys actually expended and
paid out by them m defense of a suit brought
against them by Carlton Creightou for acts
done by them m May, 1803, as members of
the loyal militia of Virginia, in obedience to
orders from their commanding officers, while
the militia were in the actual service of the Uni-
ted States, and aiding in the suppression of the
late rebellion ; which suit was lately depend-
ing in and determined in their favor by the
circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict of West Virginia.
The amendment was to fill the blank with
$1,413 30.
Mr. JLOGAN. I will take but a moment to
explain tli'S bill. These two men were a part
ot'an organized militia regiment in West Vir-
ginia. A raidwas about being madeon Wheel-
ing, West Virginia, and under the order ot
General Schenck, who was then in command,
they were ordered into line, as we should term
it; that is, ordered to be ready for service.
The colonel commanding that regiment when
it was called to go found that there were quite
ann mber of ahsen tees. He suspected that they
were absenting themselves on account of dis-
loyalty. These men with others were sent to
arrest the absentees. In proceeding to arrest
them they found one of them with his gun who
refused to surrender, and they undertook to
arrest him. They had a written order in their
hands authorizing them and ordering them to
arrest all persons belonging to their company,
H, and bring them in dead or alive ; that was
the language. They followed this man, tried
to persuade him, but could not. He resisted,
and they fired upon him and wounded him.
lie sued them in an action of trespass and
recovered judgment for §1,500. -Afterward a
new trial was granted, and it went from one
term of court to another, and finally t.hey
obtained a release. This money was expended
as L have the evidence hero from the clerk of
the court, the attorneys and different officers.
This is just the amount of costs and attorney
fees that, they expended, with nothing for their
time. They put in a claim for their time, but
we did not allow that. This is simply the costs
they expended in defending themselves against
the action of trespass brought against them for
executing an order as soldiers which they were
bound to do.
I will slate to the Senate that there is pre-
cedent for this. I examined that point before
I made the report. I find a law was passed
releasing General Dodge, while in command,
from a case where a judgment was obtained
against him for proceeding under one of Ilia
orders. The Congress of the United States
relieved General Dodge from that judgment;
or, in other words, paid the amount. So I find
that upon that precedent Congress has in refer-
ence to the action of a general of the Army
done this, and I think it is nothing but proper
that we should refund the expenses of these
two soldiers, acting under an order, when they
were sued in an action of trespass, this amount
being the mere costs they paid, as the evidence
here under the seal of the court shows. That
is the whole easo.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the bill had
better go over.
The ViCli PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
PRINTING OF TESTIMONY.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the amendment of
the llo use of Ueprescnt.aUvQS to the concur-
rent resolution of the Senate for tho printing
of additional copies of tUe testimony taken in
die cusloni-houso investigation, have instructed
me to report it back, :ind recommend that the
Senate concur in the amendment of the House.
The amendment cuts down the number to be
printed.
Tho amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was read, being to strike out all alter
the word " concurring," in line two, and
insert,:
That there bo printed fifteen hundred extra copies
of the report of and testimony taken by the Sen-
ate Committee on Investigation and ileironcinnent
m regard to ["dieted abu-'Orf in the New York cus-
tom-house, live hundred of "which, shall be for llie
u^-e ol the beiiato tind one thousand lor the lluino;
niso twelve thousand copies or the report, exclusive
of the testimony, four thousand of fviiieh shall bo lor
theu.^eoi tho senate, and eight thousand fox the
House.
The amendment was concurred in.
ADDITIONAL lilSPOKTS OF CO.UMITTKES.
Mr. CORBE IT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report a bill to promote
the ship-building and commercial iuteie^is uf
the United States, and I desire to give iioIko
that we bh ill call up this hill at an early day,
it being une of national impoitjnce.
The bill (c>. No. D14) to promote the ship-
building ami commercal interestti of the Uni-
ted Stales was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committeeorx
