1372.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ciple of protection to American industry, now
Jtbat he who more than any other living man
^ as taught that doctrine is to be the standard-
§1>earer of those who have hitherto opposed it.
1 - For the first nine months of the present
iflscal year there has been received and
fc'overed into the Treasury up to this time
|i|280,724,754 49, and it is fair to estimate the
tbalance yet to come in for this same period of
Jaine months at $5,000,000 more—
..flSaking -   $285,724,754 49
fJThe remainder of year atsame rate  95,241,584 83
Total receipts  380,966,339 32
; -Expenditures as per estimate  273,025,773 99
Surplus in Treasury  107,940,565 33
'"The sinking fund requires...$28,679,263
Proposed payment on public
• ! debt  25,000,000
  53,679,263 00
. - Leaving for reduction of taxes and
|V duties $54,261,302 33
I have assumed a payment of $25,000,000 on
the principal of the public debt beyond the
payment into the sinking fund required by
: law. I do notthink an Administratis which
has signalized its first three years by an annual
payment of $100,000,000 of the public debt
and received the unmistakable commendation
of the American people and the whole finan
dial world therefor, can afford in its last year
to voluntarily put it beyond its power to pay
at least $25,000,000 of it.
I shall assume, therefore, that at least that
sum shall be provided for. There will then
be left, taking the actual receipts of the last
nine months as the basis, $54,261,302 33 for
a reduction in the revenue by a repeal of in-
ternal taxes and customs duties. And the
question arises at the threshold of the discus-
sion, how shall this reduction be applied?
By the action of Congress, since this debate
commenced, the duties upon tea and coffee
have been repealed, diminishing the revenue
$15,803,846 67, and leaving for further reduc-
tion $38,367,455 66. If all internal taxes
except those upon spirituous and fermented
liquors and tobacco should be repealed it
would cause a further reduction of about
twenty-three million dollars, and would leave
$15,367,455 66 to be divided between an en-
larged free list of articles which enter as raw
material into production and are consumed,
but not themselves produced in this country,
and a general reduction of duties still retained.
It is to the reasons for such an application
of the reductions now in our power to make,
that I ask the attention of the House at this
time. They are found in the lessons of the
past. If you will patiently turn with me to
its review they cannot fail to be recognized.
The courage with which the problem of finan-
cial complications and burdens to which I
have already called attention was approached,
and the persistency with which the strug-
gle lias been maintained, have wrought out
the solution. The credit of the Republic is
established among the nations of the earth.
Capitalists at home and abroad are eager to
take our bonds at a reduced rate of interest.
Our debt is being paid more rapidly than any
nation before us or beside us has ever met its
obligations, and the interest account is daily
diminishing. If our faith falters not this gen-
eration shall not pass away before the last
trace of the gigantic burdens of the war shall
have faded from sight.
The key to this solution, the grand central
idea of the policy which has wrought out this
result, has been the maintenance of the ma-
terial prosperity of the nation. That collapse
in the business efforts of the peeple, that par-
alyzation of the industries of the land, that
fainting after years of unnatural excitement,
and that ebb following flood, which have here-
tofore, and with all other peoples, been the
certain attendants of transition from the un-
natural state of protracted war to the normal
conditions of peace, never came to this na-
tion. All business pursuits, enterprises, and
investments, prosperous during the war to an
unexampled degree, have suffered no check
either in growth, development, or remuner-
ative return. The nation has laid more rail-
roads, tunneled more mountains, and spanned
more rivers in bringing its people and their
pursuits and products to each other's door
than ever before. Labor has been better paid,
has better understood itself and its relations
to capital than ever before, and has achieved
an independence in position, in home and its
comforts, in physical and mental life never
before attained.
Ten years ago the yearly immigration to this
country in search of a better home was only
69,449. In 1860 it amounted to 129,715. Now
it exceeds 321,350, and the demand for labor-
ers exceeds the supply. In 1860 the census
returned the true value of real and personal
property in this Union exclusive of slaves to
be $13,000,000,000; that of 1870 returns that
true value to be $30,000,000,000. Making
all allowances for inaccuracies and for cur-
rency inflation, still it is a greater increase in
ten years, by more than thirty per cent., than
all the increase of all the previous years of
the history of the nation.
Had the nation forgotten, in the levying of
taxes and imposing burdens to meet the exi-
gencies of war, that internal strength was the
source of power, or, following false theories,
had lost sight of home production in search
of something cheaper, exhaustion in the midst
of the straggle or prostration and paralyzation
at its close would have been inevitable. In-
stead, during the years of the war itself, out-
side the lines of military operations and all
over the Union since the surrender, the mate-
rial prosperity of the nation, growth in wealth,
and the development of its internal strength,
have been unexampled whether compared with
any past period of its own history or with that
of any other nation.
I have indulged in this rapid review of the
past that I might inquire, in determining the
mode of reducing the revenues $50,000,000,
what is this lesson of the past? Shall we in
this reduction adhere to the principles of
the existing system uuder which results so
amazing have been wrought out, or, departing
from the past policy of the nation, adopt new
theories and follow new lights be they ever so
plausible or dazzling ? Shall we abandon ex-
perience for experiment ? For my own part
I may not understand the theories of Bastiat,
or be able to fathom the philosophy of John
Stuart Mill. The aphorisms of Perry aud the
figures of Atkinson may confound me. I can-
not stop now to settle that question. But this I
do know : the country has all this time grown
stronger and richer and greater under the ex-
isting system. Her people, to the humblest
operative in her mills, miner among her ores,
or smith at her forges, have all the time been
lifting themselves to a higherplane ofmaterial,
mental, and moral life.
We are told by the philosophers of the new
dispensation that to put the laborer of this
country upon a perfect equality with the laborer
in other countries, who works for less and lives
on less, by the imposition of duties upon his
products sent into our markets, is to put a tax
upon our own consumers. It may be so ; but
it is not by taxation that a nation thus grows
rich and strong and great, in and through the
elevation and improvement in all the condi-
tions of the life of the laboring masses, which
make up her character and power and rule her
destinies. It may be that arithmetic in the
bauds of a professor can figure out the exact
tax which under the existing system the weaver
at the loom or the hatter in his shop pays on
the coat he wears, the shoes he buys, or the
hat he makes; but the intelligent workman
will all the while with exultant pride point to
the comforts of his cottage, to the school-
house, and to the savings bank, for which he
exchanged a hovel and a pittance in a foreign
land, and will laugh figures and theories out
of his sight while he sdil beckons those left
behind living on philosophy to turn their faces
from preachers to practical results.
I am constrained by such considerations as
these in reducing the revenue to adhere to the
policy of the past. I seek to recognize in legis-
lation, which from its nature affects industry,
the difference in the conditions under which
that industry must exist. If disadvantages
lie at the door of labor in this land when
competing with the labor of another country,
it is the part of neither wisdom nor patriotism
to ignore or omit to remove them. If com-
merce between this and other nations is to be
established in disregard of all inequalities and
all advantages possessed by them or possible
of attainment by us, it is sure to impoverish
and exhaust us.
In the reduction of existing duties just as
much as in the imposition of new ones the
legislation adopted necessarily and inevitably
afi'ects production so far as the duty touches a
possible home manufacture. And the plain
practical question is, shall that effect be inju-
rious or advantageous? In the readjustment
to which we are addressing ourselves duties
are to be imposed in one of two ways only—
indifferently or with discrimination. Indiffer-
ence is biind folly, and discrimination alone is
worthy of intelligent legislators. The answer,
therefore, to a single question would seem to
make the path of duty plain, and settle for-
ever all controversy, shall that discrimination
be in favor or against the American product?
The question is put to American legislators.
You cannot escape discrimination, a choice
between two; the one is the home product,
the other is the foreign. As between these
two, will you discriminate in favor or against
the products of your own country?
Remember, that where the product origin-
ates, there also is the producer; that where
is the manufacture, there too are the hands
that fashion it; there too is the capital ne-
cessary for production; there too are built
the homes of the artisans, are supplied their
tables with daily food, their houses with daily
comforts, their children with schools, their
towns with the artificers of all that the varied
and diversified wants of civilized life con-
stantly demand. This makes a town, and
towns make a State. Where shall tais town
rise, on this or the other side, on our own soil
or in a foreign land? You may have this town
where you will—by the side of Lowell, at
Manchester on the James, by Si. Anthony's
falls, or Moline ou the Mississippi. It may
be planted by some waterfall in the now
wilderness of the far West. You can choose
its location, or let it be built on the other side
of the water, and all its advantages and wealth
of material and men be lost to us forever. It
is for you to determine. Take two mills, the
one in Manchester or Glasgow, the other in
Patterson or Lawrence. Now, the necessities
of the Government require the imposition of a
given duty, and that must be imposed either
upon the raw material imported to supply the
one at Patterson, or the manufactured article
produced by the one at Manchester. That
discrimination, which no legislator can avoid,
will compel us to determine between the two,
and he who can hesiiate when the choice
between our own and foreign producers is
open to him is sick of an incurable disease.
Now, sir, let the ultimate adjustment of these
necessary duties be equalization. Let no more
duties be imposed than the exigencies of the
Government demand, but let those duties be
so adjusted between manufactured articles and
raw material as to equalize the conditions of
production in our own country with those of
foreign nations, aud the highest possible good,
the true end of legislation, is attained. Thus
