8946
THE-CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
May 28,"'
and at all times and places when and where said
registration may by law be scrutinized, and the
names of registered voters bemarked for challenge;
and also to attend, at all times for holding such
elections, the polls of the election in such district
or precinct. And the marshal and his general depu-
ties, and such special deputies, shall have power,
and it shall be the duty of such special deputies, to
keep the peace, and support and protect the super-
visors of elections in the discharge of their duties,
preserve order at such places of registration and
at such polls, prevent fraudulent registration and
fraudulent voting thereat, or fraudulent conduct on
the part of any officer of election, and immediately,
either at said place of registration, or polling-place,
or elsewhere, and either before or after registering
or voting, to arrest and take into custody, with or
without process, any person who shall commit, or
attempt or offer to commit, any of the acts or
offenses prohibited by this act, or the act hereby
amended, or who shall commit any offense against
the laws of the United States: Provided, That no
person shall be arrested without process for any
offense not committed in the presence of the mar-
shal or his general or special deputies, or either of
them, or of the supervisors of election, or either
©f them, and, for the purposes of arrest or the pres-
ervation of the peace, the supervisors of election,
and each of them, shall, in the absence of the mar-
shal's deputies, or if required to assist said depu-
ties; have the same duties and powers as deputy
marshals: And provided further, That no person
shall, on the day or days of any such election, be
arrested without process for any offense committed
on the day or days of registration."
Mr. President, these two sections of a very
long statuteof nineteen sections disclose some-
thing of the character of the legislation which
has been adopted for the purpose of control-
ling elections. Senators will observe that all
this machinery applies to an election at which
members of Congress are to be chosen. Now,
it is a fact known to all that in most of the
States members of Congress are elected at the
same time as State and local officers. Then
all this machinery which is made applicable
to elections at which Representatives t,o Con-
gress are to be chosen applies to the eleclions
of members of the State Legislatures, and of
State and local officers. And by this arrange-
ment the whole machinery of the elections is
brought under the supervision of the Congress
of the United States, and to what extent?
By this law, passed on the 28th of February,
1871, the judge of the circuit court is author-
ized, on the application of two citizens, to
appoint ill any city or town having upward of
twenty thousand inhabitants, ten days prior to
any registration of voters for an election at
which a Representative or Delegate in the
Congress ot the United States is to be chosen,
two persons to supervise the registration and
election at each place of voting in said city.
The law requires these supervisors to be of
different parties. But how are they to be
selected, and what means has the judge of
knowing the character of the men that he
appoints? There are but nine judicial cir-
cuits in the United States, and some of these
circuits embrace half a dozen States. How is
the judge of the circuit court to know the
characterof the men he appoints? The judge
of one of the circuit courts, Judge Woods,
resides in Alabama. The State of Florida
and the State of Texas, and several other
States, as well as Alabama, are embraced in
his circuit. What can the judge residing in
Alabama know of the inhabitants residing in
the State of Florida or in the State of Texas
where he is to make these appointments? Man-
ifestly nothing. He makes the appointments
on the application of citizens from those
States, and he will appoint whomsoever the
citizens applying recommend.
In addition to the power given to these
supervisors, what else do we find in this statute ?
We find that the marshal of the United States
for each district has authority to appoint spe-
cial deputies at will, as many as he pleases,
and these special deputies are vested with
authority to arrest voters with or without pro-
cess. whom did we see appointed in the
city of New York at the last election as these
special deputies? Why, Mr. President, the
newspapers after the election contained lists
-of these special deputies, many of whom were
shown to be convicts escaped from the peni-
tentiary; and they were the persons who were
to preserve the purity of the ballot-box, and
who were vested with authority to arrest voters
on sight and without process!
But this law passed in 1871, a little more
than a year ago, was confined in its oper-
ations to the cities of the United States hav-
ing more than twenty thousand inhabitants.
That was as far as it was then thought prudent
to go. It might then have been a little dan-
gerous to have gone into every one of the
precincts of the State of Illinois, and of every
other State in the Union, and have taken con-
trol of the registration of votes and of the
ballot-boxes on the day of election, and to
have conferred upon officers power to arrest
voters on sight. But in 1872 it is not thought
dangerous to do it.
I ought not, in passing, to omit to state the
fact that these supervisors appointed by the
judge of the circuit court, and these marshals
and deputy marshals appointed without num-
ber, are authorized by other provisions of the
act to serve for ten days, and are to receive
out of the Treasury of the United States five
dollars a day for their services, and they are
to supervise not only the choosing of members
of Congress, but the election at which members
of Congress are chosen, and virtually they may
take control of the election of members of
State Legislatures and of State officers through-
out the Union.
I say in 1872 it was thought safe by the Sen-
ate to go a little further than in 1871; and
now we have a bill passed at the present ses-
sion of this body by which these supervisors
are to be appointed at every voting precinct
throughout the United States. From Cal-
ifornia to New York, and from Maine to
Texas, United States officers are authorized
to be appointed by a bill that has passed the
Senate, and which if it becomes a law will
place the whole machinery of the elections
throughout the United States under the con-
trol of the Federal Government.
This is going a great way; this is a long
stride toward controlling the people in their
elections; but this is not all. 1 wish it was.
One other thing was necessary to give to the
Federal Government complete control over
the elections, and this Senate at its present
session has added that one thing; and what
was that? It was to take away from the citi-
zen the right to appeal to the courts, to the
judicial tribunals of the land, for a vindication
of his rights in case these escaped convicts,
called deputy marshals, arbitrarily and without
cause arrested and put him in prison. If men
were unjustly arrested, unjustly put in prison,
they might sue the marshal, they might sue
the supervisor. It would not do to leave the
citizen wi'.h that right. What, then, was neces-
sary? Why, sir, to pass a law authorizing the
President of the United States at will to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, and then the
citizen could jiot go to court. By bills that
have passed this Senate at its last and its
present session every voter in this land is
liable to be arrested at will by United States
officials, and when arrested he is to have no
redress by appeal to the judicial tribunals.
I know it is said that the writ of habeas
corpus is not to be suspended except in the
case of a conspiracy or combination to resist
some law. Why, Mr. President, who is to
judge? The person having the right to sus-
pend the writ is to judge of the necessity.
Sir, what is despotism in its very essence, if
it be not the power of one over another, to
deal with him as necessity or occasion requires,
with the discretion to judge when the discre-
tion or occasion arises? I do not say that the
President of the United States would exercise
this power. 1'hat is not the question. These
measures that have passed this body put it in
the power of the President of the United
States to supervise every election in the land
and to arrest, without process and without
redress, every citizen in the land. Now, will
the Senator from Vermont tell me that Sen-
ators are to sit still and see these acts, one
after another, passed and quietly submit to
the adoption of a rule which shall gag and
prevent their telling the people of the lawa
that are being enacted ?
I had hoped never to see the right of debate
curtailed in this body. I think there is no
necessity for it. No one who listened to the dis-
cussions of yesterday upon the tariff bill—arul
we have had it before us but a single day—will
pretend that any one tfas undertaken to delay
the action of the Senate by unnecessary de-
bate. There is no effort on the part of the
minority to thwart the will of the' majority in
obtaining speedy action upon the tariff bill.
Why, then, is this rule sought to be adopted?
Every member is ready to pledge his consent
that he will not speak over five minutes upon
any amendment that shall be offered. That
is not satisfactory ; but ati attempt is made to
establish an iron rule that no one shall speak
even upon the important measure, the general
subject of the tariff, more than five unnutes.
I do not know that any one would have de-
sired to speak more than five minutes, even
upon the measure itself. Certainly I did not,
and I so announced to the Senate. It is not,
therefore, because I have something to say
upon the tariff that I am resisting this rule.
I am resisting it, Mr. President, in the inter-
ests of free speech in this body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator pardon me again for an inquiry?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORKILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator how many exhibitions of the kind he
is now making in the Senate he thinks it will
take to force the Senate to adopt the rule of
the House for the previous question? Here
we are compelled, according to the vote of the
House and the Senate, to adjourn to-morrow,
and the Senator from Illinois is talking evi-
dently to consume time, for he does not talk at
all on the question before the Senate, but. brings
up questions that have already been passed
upon by the Senate, and reads long extracts
evidently for the purpose of consuming time.
Now, I ask him how many exhibitions of this
kind it will take to force the Senate to adopt
the previous question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President. I admire
the courtesy of the Senator from Vermont.
He has repeated the same thing twice, that I
was talking against time, and was informed by
me that I never talk for the purpose of con-
suming time. He has repeated it. I have
undertaken to show that this measure is but
one of a series of measures tending to central-
ization by suppressing the freedom of debate.
I am sorry that I am unable to make the Sen-
ator from Vermont perceive the connection
between an encroachment upon the rights of
a Senator here and an encroachment, upon the
rights of the people away from here. It is
not my fault if I atn unable to make the Sen
ator perceive the connection between a denial
of freedom of speech to Senatois, and a denial
of the freedom of election to the people.
Now, Mr. President, I say there is no occa-
sion for this. I say the Senator from Ohio
could have had what he wanted, that there
was unanimous consent to limit debate to five
minutes upon all amendments to the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must correct the Sen-
ator in that particular. I now state a fact that
I know, so that this whole thing may become
patent, when I say that it was the purpose of
the Senator from Massachusetts and of other
Senators to engage in a long political debate
on the tariff bill, and he desired to reserve
that right. The Sehator from Illinois says be
did not intend to engage in political debate,
and there was no Senator objecting to-the
proposition I made, not one in this body, ex-
cept the Senator from Massachusetts, who
insisted on delaying the public business in
order to make a political debate. Now, 1 say
for myself, and I ask leave of the Senator from
