2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Nancy P. Wilkerson, praying for an amend-
ment to the pension laws so as to allow those
who served less than sixty days to have a pen-
sion, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John B. Tucker,
praying for a special act of Congress granting
him a pension, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 788) for the relief of Red Bear,
a chief of the Pembina band of Chippewa
Indians, reported adversely thereon, and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, and the bill was indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask the courtesy of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 828,
authorizing the.coiistriiction of a bridge across
the Missouri river, opposite to or within the
corporate limits of Nebraska City, Nebraska,
reported from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. I'presume it will take but a
moment.
Mr. KENTON. I have a report to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection, and there lias been an
objection this morning to taking up anything
except tegular morning business.
Mr. FENTON. I do not object to the bill
being taken up, but I desire to make a report.
Lbe VICli PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska asks unanimous consent of the
Senate to tike up the bill indicated by bun.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 leel bound to object.
Mr. FENTON. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution
(11. R. No. 3) construing the act of July 14,
1870, entitled ''An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes." so as to pro-
vide for the admission of animals specially
imported for bleeding purposes free of duty
from the Dominion ol Canada, have instructed
me to report it back and lecoimnend its indefi-
nite, postponement, for the reason that the
constiuetion of the act of July, 1870, which
it is intended by this bill to establish, is now
the practice under the law at the Treasury
Department, imd therefore there is no neces-
sity for I his bill.
The joint resolution was indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
73'.)) for the ivlief of Sarah A. Ward, have
directed me to report it without amendment
and recommend its passage. There was a
report made by the committee about two years
ago on this subject, which is in print, and there-
fore we do not submit any different report at
this time.
bills recommitted.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the bill (S.
No. 291) for the relief of the officers and crew
ol' the United States ship Wyoming was re-
committed to the Commiif.ee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, and by unan-
imous consent, the vote indefinitely postponing
bill (S. No. 217) to amend an act entitled " An
act lor the relief of Rebecca S. Harrison," ap-
2>roved February 2-3, 1805, was reconsidered,
and the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SIEWAIIT. I should like to have a
vote this morning on the coal-land bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to vote on the bill in
i.'gard ro the sale of coal lands.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The introduction of bills is now in
order.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 915) to facilitate the trial of suits,
causes, and proceedings^ the taking of deposi-
tions, testimony bonds; the issuing of pro-
cesses, and expediting the proceedings in suits
at law or in equity in the district court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. That bill was not drawn
by me. It comes to me from a highly re-
spectable source. I have examined it care-
fully, but still I wish to accompany its intro-
duction with the remark that I introduce it
so that it may be printed and considered by
a committee without meaning to adopt it. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 910) to aid the New York and Vene-
zuela Mail Steamship Company to establish
an American line of steamships for opening
direct trade between the United States and
the republic of Venezuela, ajjd for conveying
the mails of the United States; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. In moving the refer-
ence of this bill to the Committee on Com-
merce, I beg to say that I introduce it by
request, in nowise committing myself to it or
to its object.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 917) for the relief of Dr. Basil R. Pra-
ther, late acting assistant surgeon in the thirty-
fourth regiment Iowa volunteers; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FERIiY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 918) to change the direc-
tion of the road authorized by the act approved
June 3, 1856, from Ontonagon, in the State
of Michigan, to the Wisconsin State line, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 919) to donate certain property of the
United States to the city of Shreveport, Louis-
iana, for educational purposes; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
pt inted.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
920) for the disposal of the public lands
in the States of Mississippi, Arkansas, and
Louisiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 921) granting a pension to Dr. Albert
A. Morey ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
922) for the relief of William A. Bevins,
late receiver of the public moneys at the
Batesville district of Arkansas, and of David
S. Fraly and Edwin McGuire, his sureties;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
923) for the relief of John J. McAlmont and
Silas F. Field, as securities on the bond of
John G. Halliburton, deceased, late marshal
ot the United States in and for the eastern
district of Arkansas ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
924) authorizing the construction of a rail-
road bridge across the Arkansas river at Fort
Smith, in Arkansas, and to declare it a post
road; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WIND0M asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 925) to incorporate the Olympia and
Chepalis Valley Railroad Company, and grant-
ing to said company the right, of way through
the public lands of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent, obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 926) to incor-
porate the Catholic Total Abstinence Union
of America; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 ask leave to introduce a
bill without previous notice. I have been
asked by a friend to introduce it, and know
nothing about it.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a hill (S. No. 927) for the relief of
the children of Otway II. Berryman, deceased ;
which was read twice by its title, referred tc
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE. 1 ask leave to introduce a bill
which I have not had time to examine, and to
which I do not commit myself, but my impres-
sions are that it is correct.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 928) to authorize the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company to change
a portion of its line, in consideration of the
construction of an additional road without an
increase of its land grant; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
presidential approval.
■ A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 2d
instant, approved and signed the act (S. No.
081) to provide for the reporting and printing
of the debates in Congress.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had this day approved and signed the act
(S. No. 447) to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. HTLL. I ask consent that an order be
made authorizing George S. Fisher to with-
draw from the iiles of the Senate of the For-
tieth Congress his petition and papers in sup-
port of his claim for losses, &c., sustained by
fire in November, 18G6, in Japan, where he
was consul.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the order
be made that they be not withdrawn until
copies are taken.
Mr. POMEROY. I think an order was
entered about the same case the other day.
Mr. HILL. They are intended to be placed
before a committee, but I have no objection
to the requirement that copies be preserved.
The order, as modified, was agreed to.
labor commission".
Mr. SAWYER, I now move to take up
House bill No. 874, reported from the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
I he motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R, No. 374) to provide
for the appointment, of a commission on the
subject ot wages and hours of labor and the
division of profits between labor and capital
in the United States.
