3050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
will the necessities of the Government be met
and no more, and atthe same time the material
prosperity of the nation assured.
What those inequalities between production
here and in other nations are requires careful
study. They vary greatly in different pursuits,
and perfect equalization is most difficult of
attainment. Such as can be remedied consist
generally in the difference of cost in the raw
material to which labor is applied, difference
in the wages paid for that labor, difference in
the cost of the capital necessary to carry on
the business, and in the local expenses and
taxes that the producer encounters in the pro-
gress of his work. These can be approximately
ascertained.
The difference in the rate of interest on
business capital between Great Britain and
the United States is the difference between four
per cent, and seven per cent. National secur-
ities are in the one case three per cent., in the
other six; so it results that every dollar in-
vested in production here costs nearly as much
as two there.
The wages of labor are more difficult of
ascertainment. They vary in different employ- j
merits, at different times, and in different coun-
tries. They are on a general rise throughout
Europe at the present time, attributable more
than anything else to the superior inducements
in compensation, in comforts of life, in oppor-
tunities and possibilities which are constantly
tempting to this country by the hundreds of
thousands annually the laborers of other
nations, depleting their workshops and supply-
ing ours.
The census returns are full of instruction
on this point. The number of skilled arti-
sans who in the last ten years have turned
their faoes from foreign workshops m search
of employment among the skilled industries
of this country is more than treble, nearly
quadruple the number in the preceding
decade. Thirty-two thousand skilled woik-
men reached our shores last year; and in a
constantly increasing aggregate of immigra-
tion there has been an actual falling off from
Ireland and non-manufacturing States, and a
corresponding increase from those nations
more devoted to ihe production of fabrics for
the markets of the world.
I tai;e an extract from a book published in
London in 1870, called ''Social Politics in
Great Biitain and Iieland," found among
the many interesting facts collected by my dis-
tinguished colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Kelley,] in the book published by him. This
extract illustrates both the strong current of
immigration to this country and its causes,
and at the same time the character of those
who are of late yeats turning to better their
fortunes here. It is as follows :
"Therenre now above seventy thousand souls in \
tho cast end of London who must emigrate speedily
or die. They aie being shipped off as hist as charuy
and Government can transport them to North Amer-
ica. Above twenty-live thousand of theso are work-
men more or less stilled in engineer and slnp-build-
ing occupations. These arc not shepherds, nor are
they plowmen, nor will they ever be to any groat
extent one or tho other. They are mechanics, and
will ba so go where they may. In the vast hives ot
industry in Lancashire there are a greater number
who must cmigvato or die. These are getting off as
fast as they possibly can to Massachusetts to find full
occupation m cotton. Not one is either pastoral or
agricultural, and tew are likely ever to be either."
This was as late as 1870.
Mr. Commissioner \V ells compares the wages
paid in the United States in 1867 in sixteen
different occupations with those paid in Great
Britain of like occupations during 1866, show-
ingan avmage increase in them all of more than
fifty-five per cent. The Bureau of Statistics
in 1870 furnishes a later and still more striking
table of compatisons between the wages paid
in the United States, Great Britain, Prussia,
Saxony, Switzerland, and Belgium, in fifty one
different employments; and I have here the
actual pay-roll, lor'two weeks, of two different
manufacturing establishments engaged in pre-
cisely the same kind of business—the manufac-
ture of spool-thread, and of equal production—
both owned by the same parties, but one is situ-
ated in Scotland and the other in New Jersey.
This pay-roll was made out within six weeks
of the present time, and is in the handwriting
of one of the owners themselves. It is an in-
dustry in which seventy-five per cent, of all
the cost is labor, and on which it is proposed
by the present bill to reduce the duty twenty
per cent. I will read this pay-roll, showing
prices paid in Newark, New Jersey, com-
pared with those paid in Scotland:
Wac/e*paid at
Waves paid
Newarlc, New
in Scotland
Jer8cy,for two
Jor two
weeks.
w<.-eJc9.
Foreman o,ope-winders
  $28 00
$11 00
Cope-winders, (women)
  16 00
5 50
15 00
Overseers 
  23 00
9 00
4 00
5 50
Hand spooleis, (girl?)...
. ... 16 00
5 50
Machine spoolers 
  16 00
5 50
Ticketers 
  1G 00
5 50
  30 00
13 00
Bleacbcrs, (men) 
  28 00
5 50*
Spool-turners 
  36 00
14 00
Machinists 
  35 00
14 00
Carpenters   
40 00
14 00
Total 
 $358 00
6127 00
It will be seen that this total shows a differ-
ence of three to one. To all this difference
is to be added tho difference in local expenses
and taxation. The effects of the depreciated
character of our currency are felt in every
branch of industry and in every department,
of expenditure. The cost of living, cost of
clothing, cost of every necessary and of every
luxury is increased by it. Even the articles
which we import, measured by the standard
of gold on the other side, brought here cost
us just as much more as the paper in which
we pay for them falls below the universal
standard of values. Local taxation incident
upon the expenses of the war and from other
causes in this country far exceeds taxation
in any other. It amounted the last year to
$281,180,312. or $7 29 to every man, woman,
and child in the United States.
All these differences in the cost of pro-
duction the manufacturer on this side ol the
water encounters ; and it is the blindest folly
to open our markets to producers thus un-
equally matched. The consequences certain to
follow are as apparent as the plainest laws of
trade. The production must be teduced in
cost here or the market abandoned to the
cheaper producer of foreign fabrics. A reduc-
tion of wages is inevitable in every attempt to
reduce the cost of production here to the
standard abroad, and the plain proposition
presents itself: will you thus open our mar-
ket to the foreign producer and reduce the
compensation of the laborer at home?
Where it is possible of attainment, is any
duty plainer than that legislation shall be so
shaped that whatever of labor is to be per-
formed for this country shall be performed by
the laborers of the country? Are we to enter
upon a new policy, the first and inevitable re-
sult of w Inch will be the alternative of depend-
ence upon foreign countries for production,
or a reduction to their level ot compensa-
tion for the labor bestowed upon production
here? Shall we close our mills and shops and
forges, and turn adrift the thousands there
employed, and become a nation of consumers
of other nations' products; or shall we put ttie
thousand busy fingers of industry heie upon
the same footing, m compensation, m fare, in
home comforts, and future prospects, with
those that crowd every avenue to toil in the
Old World, and clutch at the pittance there
doled out to them?
There is no escape from one or the other of
these consequences, either of which would be
* Women.
humiliation and poverty. Equalization is in-
evitable. A free, unobstructed commerce be-
tween nations devoted to commercial pursuits
will ultimately as surely bring all conditions of
competition to a common level as will a cur-
rent established between two bodies of water
bring both to one and the same common
point. The lowest will not more surely drain
the highest in the one case than in the other.
Remove all obstacles in Niagara river and Lake
Erie will empty itself into Ontario. The only
condition of continued commerce between the
two is to lock up or lock down the great nat-
ural inequality between them so long as it
shall remain.
I have already shown that the superiority ir 
all the recompenses of labor in this country
is emptying the workshops of England, Bel-
gium, and Germany of their most, skilled
workmen.
What has been the effect? To stop this exo-
dus greater compensation, higher rewards, and
stionger inducements to remain at home are
being held out by employers there every day.
Knowledge of the better treatment and greater
opportunities as well as greater power of wage
labor in this country i3 breeding discontent in
the breast of its kin abroad. All this forces
an increase of wages abroad, and consequently
increases the cost of production there l'hus
equalization is attained by locking up instead
of locking down. The influence of that ad-
herence to our own system which is securing
to the laborers of this country the labor of the
country, is being felt in the amelioration of the
condition of labor in all nations which are to-
day see king to compete with us in our own
markets. It is that law of equalization which
forces itself upon all commerce. And it is
our persistency which gives us a victory which
would otherwise be thens.
I turn now briefly irom the consideration of
these results upon production and the pro-
ducer to an examination of the effect upon
the consumer. We are told that such a duty
upon ariicles manufactured in this country as
shall equalize the conditions of their production
here with those of the countries fiorn which they
come to compete in our markets is so much a
tax upon the consumer. This is borne out
neither by reason nor experience. The ques-
tion with the statesman and legislator is not
whe'her in a given instance and at any par-
ticular time that duty is not found added
to cost, but whether the tendency of such
legislation and the laws which govern supply
and demand work out such a result as the
ultimate effect of the imposition of the equal-
izing duty.
1 suppose it. will not be denied that compe-
tition controls piices in every market, it is
likewise true that equality is essential to com-
petition. It cannot long live on any other
terms. If the home producer is not put on an
equal footing with the foreign producer he
cannot compete with him, and is ultimately
sure to be driven irom the market, if the
home producer diives his foreign competitor
from the market, as he surely will if the com-
pensator duty lises above equalization and
becomes what is denominated protective, then
he invites home competition, and is held at
once to the line of a laif remunerative profit.
For in this land where freedom of pur-uit is
open to every one, and capital and labor are
eager for employment, no calling can yield
more than a lair remunerative return without
instantly tempting into its paths a crowding
competiiion that will inevitably by over-supply
reduce the cost to the consumer. It can never
be otherwise so long as the universal man is a
searcher for gain.
It is charged against this policy that its pur-
pose is to stimulate home production. I do
not know how that can be done without at the
same lime stimulating home competition. And
the law of competition is the reduction of cost
to the consumer.
