1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
the statue of Lincoln quicliens into a present
reality tlie recent struggle which secured for
all time to come the supremacy of the law and
the union of the States under the Constitution.
And when grouped around the statues of these
immortal men this old Ilall shall be filled
with the sculptured forms of the illustrious
dead of every State in the Union, whose lives
were associated with the prominent events in
the history of the country, these statues will
become to the American citizen far more ex-
pressive in their silence as incentives to duty
and patriotism than ever were the living lips
of the statesmen whose eloquence in this old
Hall asserted and defended the rights of the
people, and directed in peace and in war the
policy of the Republic.
The State of Rhode Island, in response to
this act of Congress, has already placed in the
old Hall the statue of Major General Nathan-
ael Greene, whose name, by common consent,
ranlss next to that of Washington, for his dis-
tinguished military services in the struggle of
the colonies for independence; and now pre-
sents, through Congress, to the country, and
places by the side of that of Greene, the statue
of lloger Williams, one of the most remarka-
ble men of the early colonists, the founder of
the State, and the great advocate and defender
of soul liberty.
This tribute to the memory of Roger Wil-
liams is paid by the people of Rhode Island in
grateful remembrance of the sacrifices which
lie made and the services which he rendered in
the first settlement of the colony of Rhode
Island, as also for the noble qualities which he
exhibited in his intercourse with the natives,
and the invaluable services which, from his
friendly relations with them, he was able to
render in the mo«t critical period of the his-
tory of the New England colonies, in prevent-
ing an alliance between the Peqiols and Nar-
ragangetts against, the colonies, which, if made,
would inevitably have resulted, in their then
defenseless condition, in the extermination of
the whites from the "storm shores of'New Eng-
land." But especially do the people of Rhode
Island pay this tribute to Roger Williams as
the first and foremost of all I he great and good
and wise men of that period to assert, main-
tain, and tiiumphantly establish that grand
principh of religious liberty, freedom to wor-
ship God unrestrained by the civil authority ;
the right of priva'e judgment in matters of
religions faith and worship.
But little is known of the early life of Roger
Wilhams. He was educated at one of the
English universities. He was a minister of
the gospel "with precious gilts." He was
admitted to orders in the English Church, but
before leaving England became a rigid sepa-
ratist. He claimed perfect, liberty of con-
science for all men in matters of faith and
worship, and if he ever assumed the charge
of a parish in England be must speedily have
been deprivpd of his office. He was a man
of ardent temperament, of a clear ami strong
intellect, and of marked courage, decision,
and individuality of character, and by the irre-
sistible impulses of his nature must, while in
England, have fearlessly asserted the great
idea of his life, the freedom of the soul. If,
then, men like Winthrop and his associates,
who still retained a lingering affection for the
mother church, were constrained for cause of
conscience, with moistened eyes and sorrowful
hearts to leave their native land, surely a man
of the character of Williams, who had whilein
England "presented to Cotton and Hooker
his arguments from Scripture why he durst not
join with them in the use of the Common
Prayer," could not for a moment, have retained
a benefice of the established'Church in any
part of the kingdom, or have escaped the per-
secution to which t he spirit of intolerance which
then prevailed exposed alike clergy and laity
who refused an absolute and unqualified sub-
mission to the liturgy, rites, ceremonies, and
ecclesiastical polity of the English Chureh.
To escape the persecution to which he was
exposed under the arbitrary rule of Charles
I, and the bigotry and caprice of Laud, like
the Pilgrims and Puritans, Williams sought
refuge in America. Upon his arrival here, in
1631, he naturally supposed that the colonists,
who had so recently been driven from England
by persecution for cause of conscience, would
be tender of the consciences of others, and
would cheerfully concede to all the full enjoy-
ment of the faith and forms of worship which
their reason and judgment approved; and least
of all did he anticipate that they would invoke
the aid of the civil power to enforce against
those who differed from them submission to
the religious faith, practice, and ecclesiastical
polity which they might prescribe. Immedi-
ately, however, upon his arrival, although he
was kindly received by Winthrop and his asso-
ciates at Boston, it became apparent that dif-
ferences existed between them, not only upon
questions relating to forms and ceremonies,
but upon others of vital importance, and in-
volving principles dearer to him than life itself.
The Puritans had separated, " not from the
Church of England, but from its corruptions."
They held to the doctrine, but divested their
church polity from the rites and ceremonies
of the English Church. They "came into these
parts of America to enjoy the liberty of the
gospel in purity and peace," but denied this
privilege to others who differed from them
either in faith or practice. And if they did not
assert that, the civil authority should be sub-
ordinate to the church, they required that the
civil Government should conform to their eccle-
siastical polity, and insisted thai, the magis-
trate "should take care of matters of religion,
and improve his civil authority for observing
the duties commanded in the first as well as
the second table." Exiles from their native
land, they claimed the light in the wilderness
to adopt a faith and form of worship in accord
with their own religious opinions; and, in the
spirit of the hierarchy from which they had fled,
and of the age in which they lived, to oppose
and resist as heresy any other doctrine or prac-
tice; and, if necessary, "to use the sword of
the civil magistrate to open the understand-
ing of heretics, or to cut them off from the
State, that thev might not infect the Church or
injure the public peace."
Williams, on the contrary, with a keen sense
of its persecutions, not only renounced the
rites and ceremonies of the English Church,
but rejectedits entire ecclesiastical polity. He,
like the Puritans, became an exile in the wil-
derness " to enjoy the liberty of the gospel in
purity and peace ;" but ho desired no liberty
for himself which he did not freely concede
to all others. He believed that freedom of
conscience in matters of faith and worship was
the natural right of all men, and denied that
the civil authority could lawfully interfere with
its prerogative, unless its exercise impaired the
civil or religious rights of others, or in some
way disturbed the public peace. "The civil
magistrate should restrain crime, but never
control opinion ; should punish guilt, butnever
violate the freedom of the soul."
The Puritans held that the Church and
State should be united in order to secure civil
and religious liberty. They agreed upon their
tenets of faith and form of worship, and ad-
justed the civil authority so that each would
act in harmony with the other. As the great
Cotton afterward expressed it:
" Thoorder of the churches and the commonwealth
was so settled in New England by comisbn consent,
that it brought to mind the new heaven and the new
earth wherein dwells righteousness."
It is not strange, therefore, that they demand-
ed that every knee should bend at the altar which
they had erected for the worship of their God.
Williams, with equal sincerity, believed that
no human authority could lawfully impose re-
straint upon the conscience in matters of reli-
gion. or compel conformity with any faith or
practice to which the conscience did not yield
its voluntary consent; or enforce even the prac-
tice of any religion whatever. He maintained
that the Church and State should be entirely
and absolutely separate; t bat there was no civil
without religious liberty; and that all, whether
Jew or Gentile, Christian or Pagan, infidel or
atheist, should be equally protected by the civil
power; and drawiug with wonderful accuracy
the distinction between religion and politics,
opinions and actions, he insisted that the Church
and State should each act within its own sphere,
the one with spiritual, and the other with tem-
poral weapons to assert and maintain its
authority.
These opinions were in conflict,. They were
entertained with equal sincerity by the Puri-
tans and Williams. Neither would voluntarily
yield to the other. Controversy was inevit-
able. It came as a thunderbolt from a clear
sky immediately upon the settlement of Wil-
liams as teacher of the church at Salem in
opposition to the magistrates and ministers
who deemed tins act of the church of Salem,
in choosing its own teacher, "without having
advised with the Council, a groat contempt of
authority." Williams quietly withdrew to Ply-
mouth, and thus for the time saved the Salem
church from the gathering stoim. But when,
in the summer of 1633, yielding to the urgent
solicitations of the church at Salem, as well
as to bis own inclinations, he was again, against
the opposition of the magistrates, ordained
teacher there, the controversy was immedi-
ately renewed, and from that time contiuued
with even greater acrimony.
It was impossible for Williams, with his
fearless nature and earnest convictions, to re-
frain from the expression of his opinions upon
the great moral and political truth which had
been revealed to him, which absorbed every
energy of his being, inspired every impulse
of his heart, and directed every action of his
life. Upon his return to Salem, he again as-
serted his great principle of soul liberty, main-
tained by temperate arguments his views of the
application of it alike to Church and State:
and omitted no opportunity todefend it against
every act., either of the magistrates or minis-
ters, which was in conflict with it, or with any
deduction fairly derived from it.
I may not, here enter upon the consideration
of the differences which gave rise to the sub-
sequent controversies between the Puritans
and Williams. It is enough to know that they
had their origin purely in differences of opinion
upon questions of reiizion or politics, which
were with equal sincerity believed by each to
be of vilal importance to the well-being of the
Church and ,State. But these differences were
wholly irreconcilable. The one or the other
must yield. Williams stood alone, but firm in
the, faith of the ultimate triumph of his prin-
ciples. The magistrates and ministers were
united, and equally firm in their belief that
the opinions of Williams endangeied the civil
and religious polity which they had < stablished
and which it was their solemn duty to pro-
tect. Williams was summoned time and again
before the magistiates, and bccause lie would
not renounce his opinions, which all the magis-
trates and ministers " adjudged to be errone-
ous and very dangerous," he was on the 5th
of November, 1035, banished from the col-
ony. He had committed no crime. He was
esteemed for the purity of his life. He had
ventured io assert the doctrine of the freedom
of the soul, and for asserting and maintain-
ing this lie was exiled. Xo one v ill now
justify this sentence; but tlu-Puritans believed
it to be their duty to expol Mr. Williamson
order to preserve their civil and :eligious lib-
erty. They verily believed that they were in
this doingGod service ; and so tbey were, for—
"God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform."
The banishment of Williams compelled him
to seek some "nook or corner of the earth as
a shelter for persons distressed for conscience ;''
and thus gave him an opportunity to realize
