1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Beit enacted, &c„ That there shall bo appointed
by the President, by and with tho advice and consent
of the Senate, a commission of throe persons, who
shall bo selected from civil lite, solely with refer-
ence to their character and capacity for an honest
and impartial investigation, and of whom at least
one shall bo practically identified with the laboring
interests of the country, and who shall hold office for
the period of one year irom the date of their appoint-
msnt, unless their duties shall have been sooner
accomplished, who shall investigate the subject of
the wages and hours of 1 .bor, and of the division of
the joint profits of labor and capital between tho
laborer and the capitalist, and the social, educa-
tional, and sanitary condition of the laboring classes
of the United States, nncl how the same are affected
by existing laws regulating commerce, finance, and
currency: Provided, That said commissioners shall
he appointed irrespective of political or partisan
considerations, and from civil life.
Sec. 2. That said commissioners shall reccivo an
annual salary of $5,000 each, shall bo authorized to
employ a clerk, and shall report the reMilt, of their
investigation to the President, to bo by him trans-
mitted to Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Education and Labor report the bill with
one amendment. If there be 110 objection,
that amendment, will be reported. The morn-
ing hour is just expiring, but the Chair will
wait until it is reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the second section of the
bill and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The said commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of 85,030 each, shall be authorized to employ
a clerk at an annual salary of SI,'100, and shall
report the result of their investigation to the Presi-
dent, to be by him transmitted to Oongiess; and
there is hereby appropriated for tho payment of
said salaries,$16,40J, anil §1,000 in addition thereto,
for stationery and postage l'or the use of said com-
missioners.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (S. No. 091)
giving the sanction of Congress to the sub-
scription of the Distiict of Columbii to the
stock of the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad
Company is now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question
being on the amendment to the amendment
offered by (he Senator lVom*fentiont, [Mr.
IIouhill,] on which the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAWYEli. I wish the Senator who is
managing that bill would allow it Io go over,
in order to permit this House bill to be con-
sidered. It has been on the Calendar for two
months, and I have found it utterly impossible
to bring it up. It is a bill of national import-
ance. It is a bill about which there is a great
interest, and I trust that we shall consider it
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina asks unanimous consent
to informally pass over the pending bill, in
order to proceed with the bill called up by him.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think we should have
a little more lime to consider that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia desii es further time to
consider it.
Mr. SAWYER. He has had about two
months.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to informally lay aside the
pending bill. The Senator from South Caro-
lina can move to lay it on the table. He does
not make that motion?
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the rail-
road bill is before the Senate.
MESSAGE rilOM TUB IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsox, its Clerk, announced
that- the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2189) to relieve certain persons therein named
from iheir political disabilities; in which it
requested the concurrence of tho Senate.
i'lie message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 804) granting a pension to
Margarctta Becker;
A bill (S. No. 805) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan : and
A bill (S. No. 494) placing the name of
Theodore S. Comparet on the pension-roll.
The message farther announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution
expressing profound regret at the demise of
Professor S. F. B. Morse.
PIHDMONT AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
G91) giving the assent of Congress to the sub-
scription of the District of Columbia to the
stock ol the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad
Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by llie Senator from Vermont.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that that amendment
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to
the amendment, which was to add the follow-
ing pioviso :
Provided further. That no part of tho said sub-
set iption by said District shall bo paid until twice
t ho amount, subscribed by private parties shall have
been actu illy paid in cash and expended in the
construction of the road.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Dela-
ware will allow me, I should like to give notice
of an amendment which I shall offer when it
is in order to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That the said Piedmont and Potomac
Kailroad Company shall eutermto bonds in thesum
ot SuOO.OOO, with good and sufficient sureties, to bo
approved by the Governor ot the District of Colum-
bia ami the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
Slates, conditioned for tho repayment of the money
subscribed to the capital stockof tho said company,
li the said company shall tail to complete the said
road for tho running of curs within three years from
tho acceptance of the $000,000 to be subscribed by
the said District.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware is entitled to the floor. This
amendment was only read for information.
Mr. LEWIS. I merely wish to ask, for in-
formation, if I have the right, pending this bill,
to accept that, amendment?
The V'iCE PRES1DEN f. The Senator has
not. A bill reported by a committee is differ-
ent from a resolution offered by the Senator
himself. In the ease ot'a resolution offered by
a Senator he can accept an amendment to it
if the yeas and nays have not been ordered
upon if or no action lias been taken upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I made yes-
terday a suggestion of my opposition to em-
barking upon this system of municipal sub-
scription by the chartered government of the
Distiict of Columbia to public improvements
outside the limits of the District.
There is, as we know, no power delegated
to the government of the District to make
such subscription. The object ot the grant of
municipal franchises to the government of the
District of Columbia was for local purposes
only, and those purposes which are included
in the generic term "police purposes." To
take caie of health, of personal safety—to open
and grade streets, to provide water and light—
these are part of the usual and necessary pow-
ers confided by charter to local governments.
Jt never was in the purview of the creation of
municipal governments that they should un-
dertake to control all the great interstate chan-
nels of communication and regulate commerce
(for that is what it would be) between differ-
ent States or different communities, and the
one which alone they are appointed to super-
vise.
This system of easy borrowing makes for
other people a system of very difficult pay-
ment, and one of the vices of the present day
is the disposition for men recklessly to embark
in expenditures which they are to profit by in
the present and others are to pay for m the
future. The system of municipal subscription
has had some famous illustrations. The Sen-
ate will recollect the case of the county of
Alleghany, in the State of Pennsylvania, which
embarked recklessly upon this system—one of
the richest counties in the United States, con-
taining that great workshop of the country,
the city of Pittsburg; and yet what was the
result? By this system of easy and I may
almost, style it profligate issue of bonds on the
credit of that comity for the construction of
railroads beyond its limits, the result was dis-
honor to the county, repudiation of the bonds,
and the loss of moneys to those who had em-
barked their funds upon the credit of that
county.
It is a very doubtful question whether a
municipal corporation has the power to bind
the property of the inhabitants in this way. It
is a very serious question. As to its expe-
diency, the later action of the States who have
tested it has declared against it. As 1 under-
stand, by the constitution of the State of Illi-
nois, among others—and if I am not correct in
the statement one of the Senators from that
State can put me right—by a provision of the
constitution of that State, municipal subseiip-
tions are forbidden, and it is a most just and
wholesome prohibition upon this easy method
of raising money for reckless expenditure with-
out regard to the necessity or the sufferings of
those who are to pay it.
Now, hero is this government of the District
of Columbia, created by act of Congress,
which has quite enough to do to take care of
the municipal intciosts and the local welfare
of its inhabitants. It not only has enough to
do, but it has a good deal to do that it lias not
yet begun to accomplish, and which in present
hands I fear never will be, for I do not think
1 am using language too strong when I say
that there is no portion of the country that
requires restriction upon the powers of ex-
penditure of its local government more than
this unhappy District. I say that ifrestrained
to action within its territoiial limits it will have
its hands full, not only in attempting to remedy
the omissions, blunders, and wrongs ot the
past, but the crying evils of the present, time.
Here is a community, overburdened as it
is by taxation, with its finances grossly and
wretchedly mismanaged under a system ot gov-
ernment which is not the choice of the prop-
erty-holding citizens, with a mass of ignorance
and corruptibility as the basts ot its power,
where the property-owners, the tax payers,
these who are to bear the public burdens, havo
the least voice in settling what those burdens
are to be, and who in measures like the present
have really no voice ut all; and yet while every
dollar that can be raised for the absolute needs
of the city is needed, while retrenchment and
reform in their strongest and most practical
sense are proved to be needed by what we see
every day around us, it is proposed to go out-
side of the District to take $000,000 out of the
pockets of the properly holders ol this tax-
ridden, over-burdened Territory, and put it
into a distant railway, which, as I have heard
it alleged here and not denied, has scarcely
had an intelligent survey to ascertain its lim-
its or location. I doubt very much whether
even its termini have been actually ascertained.
And who is this to be done by? Who is to
pay this money ? Those who have voted that it
shall be subscribed? No, sir, not one out of
twenty. I do not, wish to overstate the fact
when I say that the voice of nine tenths of
the men who are interested in tho property
of Washington, and whose property is the best
guarantee of their interest m the success and
welfare of this city, have not been consulted
in this measure, and if allowed to express
their wishes on the subject would do so ui
terms of decided opposition.
Here are to be $000,000 raised by municipal
subscription to the capital stock ot a railroad
at least sixty miles in length, costing some
thirty thousand dollars per mile at the very
lowest estimate and economical computation ;
here is one third of some two million dollars
