1872.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
3941
Illinois to say it, that I will stay here until the
end of time or the end of my time at any rate,
rather than be forced by one Senator to do that
which the whole Senate are against. There is
a desire to adjourn. We are all anxious to ad-
journ. I voted against any prolongation of
the session. I want to adjourn. 1 want to
attend to the public business and nothing but
the public business. We have had wrangle
enough, debate enough of a political character
this session time after time, and time after
time, and time after time. We have yet to
repeal taxes, to relieve our people from the
great burdens that rest upon them. I want to
confine the attention of the Senate to that;
but when I propose that this debate shall be
confined to that I find one Senator says " No,
there shall be further delay in this important
measure until I am ready to make a political
speech upon some dead issue past and gone."
The Senator from Illinois says we are en-
deavoring to deprive the Senate of the right
of free speech, and he appeals to some other
tribunal. Why, sir, I am willing to take the
judgment of the people of the United States.
They would say that any Senator who at this
hour of the session, when measures of the high-
est importance are pending, will prolong this
debate by rehashing, or revamping, or going
over, or improving speeches that have been
made during the past session on political
topics that are dead and gone, takes a great
responsibility, and that the Senate does itself
but right and justice when it seeks by a rule,
or by unanimous consent, or in any other way,
to confine the business and the debate of the
Senate to the subject-matter.
■ I know the sensitiveness of the Senator from
Illinois, and of other Senators. My colleague
expressed the same idea against adopting this
as a rule. I do not wish to press it as a rule,
and I did not wish to press it as a rule. I
sought to get it as the unanimous consent of
the Senate, so that we might close this busi-
ness; and I now repeat that if the question can
be put by the Chair to the Senators now present,
and if the Senate acting for itself, and for the
absentees, as they always do, will consent that
debate on this bill be limited to five minutes,
and that all extraneous matter be kept off this
bill, everything except what is germane to it,
there will berio difficulty in having this matter
closed, and let us go on and finish the tariff
bill and adjourn on Monday.
I warn the Senator from Illinois that if he
makes political speeches here, as he has under-
taken to do to day, other Senators are anxious
for the contest, and it will be just as it was at
the beginning of this session when I gave him
the same warning. Then he endeavored to
drag political discussions in ; he commenced
them ; and for three weeks we had a political
debate ; and now if he goes on one hour longer
and if other Senators engage in this political
debate, then there is the end of the question
of adjournment. It is all idle, we might
as well meet the issue first as last, and fight
over the presidental campaign here in the
Senate Chamber. The Senator does not want
that, he disclaims it. Why then not go on
with the public business ? Why, then, go over
these political debates ? Let us have unani-
mous consent now to go on with the tariff bill
under a five-minutes rule and with an agree-
ment among ourselves that we shall offer no
amendments not pertinent to the bill, and by
to-morrow night we shall have passed through
its important stages this important act for the
relief of the people of the United States.
Sir, I will not follow the example of the
Senator from Illinois. I will not engage in
this political discussion. I beg pardon for
alluding to it; hut I wished simply to correct
the observation the Senator made that I could
have had unanimous consent to confine this
debate. I cannot, and that was the very
reason why I sought in this way to cut off by
the order of a majority of the Senate the
debate and confine it to a resonable limit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose the
Senator was going to interpose a speech in
the midst of my remarks when he interrupted
me. However, I will take no exception to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was merely a correc-
tion of a statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot controvert
what the Senator says as to his private inform-
ation derived from the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; but that Senator made no such
public statement.
The Senator will observe that all Senators,
so far as any expression was given, were will-
ing to limit the debate to five minutes upon
any amendment that should be offered to the
tariff bill and also to exclude from it irrele-
vant matter, and I think I went further than
that and said to the Senator from Ohio—if I
did not say it then, I say it now—that for
myself I would content myself with five min-
utes in discussing either an amendment to the
bill or the general bill; but other Senators
objected to its going so far; at least the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts did, and I understand
others upon the other side of the Chamber
also were unwilling to agree that 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not one. I will do the
credit to the gentlemen of the minority on this
side to say that they unanimously agreed to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator from West Virginia to rise and say that
he was unwilling to adopt a rule to limit
debate on the general bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
will make another suggestion, because I do not
want to see the time o^ the Senate consumed
in this way. I want to proceed with the pub-
lic business. I suggest that, without entering
it upon the record, this rule be adopted by
consent, reserving to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts the right to make a political speech
if he desires. I do not want to take advan-
tage of his absence to deny him a right that he
will probably claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I am con-
cerned, I am willing that the tariff bill shall be
taken up and proceeded with, and I will pledge
myself to the Senator from Ohio not to occupy
more than five minutes either on amendments
or on the general bill. Of course I cannot
speak for others. I say that because I am as
anxious as the Senator from Ohio is to close
this session. I want some tariff bill to pass.
I am quite in harmony with the Senator upon
this measure; not that I am agreed that the
bill shall be passed just as he proposes to have
it; but 1 want a bill to pass, and I shall prob-
ably vote for the best one I am able to get.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made a proposition in
regard to the Senator from Massachusetts, but
it is manifestly right and proper and just
between man and man that if the Senator from
Massachusetts has a right to attack a person
as he would undoubtedly do on the subject of
the arms debate, of which everybody is tired,
some one should be able to reply. No doubt
members of that committee would feel that
they were unfairly dealt with if they were ex-
cluded. I trust,therefore, we may have theunan-
imous consent of the Senate to proceed with
the public business, and rather than have any
further delay I will accept the suggestion made
by the Senator from Massachusetts and modify
my resolution so as to confine it to the amend-
ments, leaving the debate unlimited upon the
bill itself. That will allow the Senator from
Massachusetts to make his political speech,
if he desires to, and others to reply to him.
But I tell you that I believe any one will take
a grave responsibility who will delay the pas-
sage of this bill by discussing political matters.
I will not myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I am con-
cerned, I have said all the time that I was
willing to go on with the tariff bill and limit
my observations to five minutes, and the Sen-
ator will not be troubled by me, I assure him,
and I do not think there is really any difficulty
about this if the. Senator does not undertake
to put the Senate in a strait-jacket as it
were. There is no disposition manifested
here, there was none yesterday, to take up any
unnecessary time on the tariff bill. Let the
Senator go on under this arrangement with the
understanding that nobody shall occupy more
than five minutes on any amendment, and it
will be time enough to do more when the
necessity shall arise.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. And pro-
vide also that no amendment not germane to
the bill shall be offered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that no irrelevant
amendment shall be offered; and it will be
time enough, let me say to the Senator from
Ohio, when the necessity arises, if it does, to
add a rigid rule. I hope it may not arise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify my resolu-
tion, then, so as to stand as it was originally,
simply to have an understanding, not to be
entered upon the Journal, that the debate on
amendments to this bill shall be confined to
five minutes, and that no amendment shall be
in order unless it is germane to the bill. That
includes everything that relates to taxes and
the tariff. Let the understanding be read
from the desk to avoid all difficulty.
Mr. POOL. Do I understand that there is
an arrangement proposed here?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) An arrangement has
been proposed. It has not yet been accepted.
The proposition will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That debate on amendments to House
bill No. 2322 be limited to five minutes by any Sen-
ator. and that no amendment to said billshali be in
order unless germane to the subject-matter of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands this is proposed, not-as a formal
order, but as a general understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Is the Senator from
Illinois through?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not unless we can come
to an agreement. I have more to say if an
agreement is not arrived at.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I rarely have anything
to say; but 1 have listened to a political speech
and I want to answer it.
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Take some
other time.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the Senator
from Ohio has alluded to me in my absence,
and said that I wished to make a political
speech on the tariff bill. The Senator is mis-
taken. I have no such idea.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to hear
the disclaimer, but I was so informed.
Mr. SUMNER. Now lot us have an under-
standing. I said yesterday to the Senate that
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Sohtjbz] and my-
self had been attacked in a report made to thia
body in a manner absolutely unprecedented,
which I do not now characterize, in a docu-
ment which instead of being impersonal'to-
ward members of this body is highly personal,
and I thought that both of us had a right to
be heard on the matters arising out of that re-
port and the discussion which preceded it. I
did not think that was claiming too much, and
I suggested yesterday that there should be an
understanding that one evening of this week
should be set apart to that discussion, with the
further understanding that no other business
should be taken up.
Then when the Senator proposed this morn-
ing to cut off discussion on the tariff bill as
well as on amendments, my attention having
been directed to this subject the day before, 1
must say, I reveal myself frankly to him, that
I was oppressed by the perilous character of
the proposition he made. I thought he ought
not to make it. I did not think that the Senate
ought to tie its bands in advance on so great a
measure as the tariff, confining debate on the
whole great issue to a speech of five minutes.
