3M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
in a civil government the principle which was
the occasion of his exile. He supposed he
had found this shelter when, by the friendly aid
of the Indian sachem Massasoit, in the early
spring of 1636, as he says, "he first pitched
and began to build and plant'' on the east
bank of the Seekonk. But Governor Wins-
low informed him that "he was within the
edge of the bounds of Plymouth," and advised
him to remove to the other side of the water,
which was without the limits of any English
patent, and where he would be as free as them-
selves. Williams immediately complied, and
embarked with his companions in his canoe,
and gliding down the Saekonk, touched at
State Rock, on the other side of the water, and
receiving, as tradition says, from the Indians
the welcome of "What cheer, netop?" passed
around the headlands and entered the beau-
tiful waters of the Mooshasuck and landed at
a spring on the east bank of the river.
Here, in an unbroken forest inhabited byone
of the most warlike tribes of the Indians, whose
confidence had been gained by his noble acts
of kindness in their behalf while in Plymouth,
with the sublime faith or an enthusiast in the
principle which he had asserted, this heroic
man, with his companions, commenced the
first settlement in the colony of Rhode Island,
which, in gratitude to the "Father of Lighfs
and Mercies," who had directed his steps and
watched over him in his distress and wander-
ings, he called Providence.
" Oh, call it holy ground,
The soil where first they trod;
They have left unstained what they then found—
Freedom to worship God." j
This settlement had its origin in religious '
persecution. Its purpose was to establish i
religious freedom. Recognizing the rights of j
the natives "as God's tenants of the soil," ;
Williams had acquired from Canonieus and '
Miantonomi, chief sachems of the Narragan- !
setts, in consideration of '■ his many kind- 1
nesses and services" to them, a title to the ;
lands upon the Mooshasuck and Wornasqua- i
tucket, and from these rivers to the Pawtuxet.
With a generosity worthy of his noble nature,
he shared this princely domain with the compan- :
ions of his pilgrimage, and other kindred spirits >
who had sought refuge there, reserving to him-
self "notonefoot of land, nor one tittle of polit- 1
icalpower" more than he freely gran ted to them, i
And then in the second year of the plant- :
atiou this little band of pioneers, outcasts
from civilized society, and unprotected by any .
English patent, but equal in their political !
rights, and as owners of the soil by title from ;
the natives, entered into a compact for the
administration of their civil affairs which will j
be memorable for the change which it initiated j
in the civil polity of the world so long as the j
love of civil and religions liberty shall find an j
abiding place in the he®,rt of an American '
freeman. That compact is in these words :
' Wewhose names are here underwritten, being
desirous to inhabit in the town of Providence, do
promise to submit ourselves, in active or passive 1
obedience, to all such orders or agreements as shall i
be made for public good of the body, in an orderly
way. by the major consent of the present inhab-
itants, masters of families, incorporated together I
into a township, and such others whom they shall i
admit into the same, only in nivil things. ' j
This simple instrument briefly but clearly !
expresses the great principles of civil and re- I
ligious liberty upon whichallfree Governments '
rest. The will of the majority ascertained in !
an orderly way is binding upon ail, and when 1
so ascertained must be submitted to by all in .
active^ or passive obedience, alike in doing
what it requires and jieldiug to what it im-
poses for the public good, but only in civil ,
tilings. it confers no power except in relation ■
to civil affairs, and by this limitation denies ;
any control over religions opinions. The com- '
pact entered into in the cabin of the Mayflower, i
like this, was a pure democracy; but this, un-
like that or any other form of civil govern- j
ment then existing, by the limitation which it i
imposed, secures to all the freedom of the soul. I
It confers full-authority to regulate the duties
of men iu their civil relations to each other,
but denies any right to control the conscience
or to question its dictates. It tersely ex-
presses Roger Williams's great idea of soul lib-
erty, and unites with it the fundamental prin-
ciple upon which civil liberty rests. It is the
first compact of civil government which recog
nizes the principles of civil and religious liberty
for which he contended. It iniiiated an entire
change in the existing forms of civil gov-
ernment, and is the first civil government
"since Christianity ascended the throne of the
Cassars," which separated absolutely the church
from the State and left the individual responsi-
ble alone to his God for his religious faith and
practice.
It was a light in the wilderness, sending
forth its feeble raj's and faintly penetrating
the darkness of intolerance with which it was
surrounded; but it served "as a lamp to the
feet and a guide to the path'" of the little band
of fugitives who commenced the first settlement
in the colony of Rhode Island.
" This simple instrument"—
says Professor Knowlesin his Memoir of Roger
Williams—
"which combines the principles of a pure democ-
racy and ot unrestricted religious liberty, was the
basis of the first government in Providence. It was
undoubtedly drawn up by Roger Williams. It bears
the impress of his character, and it wa s the germ of
those free institutions under which Rhode Island
has flourished till the present day."
It was under this compact that Williams
and h>s associates, called together by the beat
of the drum, maaaged their civil affairs: and
with "a sheaf of arrows" asthesigue of the
colony, with the motto " Amor vincit omnia,"
protected their civil and religious rights during
the first years of the settlement at Providence.
Winthrop says:
" At their first coming thither Mr. Williams and
the rest did make an order that no man should be
molested for his conscience."
And they carefully guarded this leading
principle upon the first delegation of power,
and expressly agreed that "as formerly hath
been the liberties of the town, so still to hold
forth liberty of conscience." To preserve this
principle required the utmost vigilance. The
colony of Massachusetts was apprehensive of
its effect upon its civil and church polity.
Other settlements upon like principles had
been made at Portsmouth, Newport., and War-
wick. Difficulties occurred in Providence and
Warwick which were made the pretext of in-
terfering with its internal affairs. An Indian
war was threatened. The colony of Rhode
Island was refused admission to the league
which had been formed by the other colonies
for their mutual protection, unless it would
submit-to the jurisdiction of Massachusetts or
Plymouth. I he only way to escape the dangers
which surrounded them and preserve their
rights of religious freedom, ®r even their polit-
ical existence, was to seek protection under a
charter from England.
Mr. Williams, who was the agent of the col-
ony for that purpose, kept constantly in view
the great principle of his life; and in the char
ter which he procured in 1043 from the English
Parliament, and under which the towns of
Rhode Island, for the first time, were united
under one form of government, this great
principle was recognized and preserved.
This charter bears the imprtss of the original
compact into which the first, settlers of Provi-
dence entered. It grants full power to the inhab-
itants " to, rule themselves by ouch form of civil
government as by voluntary consent of all, or
the greater part of them, they shall find most
suitable to their estate and condition ; and for
that end to make and ordain such civil laws and
constitutions as they or the greater part of them
shall by free consent agree unto." It pre-
scribes no form of government, but clearly
recognizes the great principles both of civil
and religious liberty. It is by the voluntary ,
consent of all. or the major part, that the will |j
of the people is to be ascertained; and it is
only upon civil laws and constitutions that this
will is allowed to act,. The government
under this charter, by the principles which it
asserted, was democratical. It could make civil
laws but had no control over the conscience.
This charter rescued the infant colony of
Rhode Island from the perils which then
threatened its existence. It was received with
great joy, and one of the first acts under it was
to adopt an Anchor as the seal, and Hope
as the motto of the colony. It was under this
charter that the first General Assembly, in
May, 1647, (nearly two years before the famous
act of the colony of Maryland touching reli-
gious liberty.) after having adopted such a
code of laws, limited expressly to the-admin-
ist atiou of their civil affairs, as they deemed
" suitable to their estate and condition," reas-
serted the leading principle of the colony, and
expressly declared that, otherwise than as in
this code provided, " all meu may walk as their
consciences persuade them, every one in the
name of his God." And thus under a legally
organized government, the colony "still held
forth liberty of conscience."
But the early years of this colony were a
constant struggle for its life. It had hardly
started oil its career under the charter of 1643
before it met with other danger? and encoun-
tered other perils, which again menaced its
existence. The colouies around it attempted
to partition among themselves its limited terri-
tory. Plymouth claimed the islands; Con-
necticut, the Narragansett country; Massachu-
setts, the residue. A commission had issued to
Coddington as Governor of the island of Rhode
Island, including the towns of Portsmouth and
Newport. The accession of Charles II to the
throne of his ancestors had thrown doubt upon
the validity of the charter obtained from the
Earl of Warwick in time of civil war.
In this exigency, and to save the jewel which
was more precious to them than "their lands
or lives," the inhabitants again sought the pro-
tection of the English Government. The com-
mission to Coddington, through the agency of
Williams and Dr. John Clarke, was immedi-
ately revoked; and in 1663 another charter was
obtained for the administration of the civil
affairs of the colony, the like of which never
before received the signet of a king. It con-
fers, as the other charter did, the most ample
powers of self-government, with full authority,
among other things, to elect civil and poli ical
officers, to establish courts of justice, to ap-
point military officers, and to arm and disci-
pline the inhabitants for their defense, and to
resist as well by sea as by land any attemp' io
infringe their rights or invade their territory.
It defines more accurately the limits of the
colony, and secures to all the inhabitants !he
right freely to pass into the other English colo-
nies; and complying with the desire expressed
m the petition of the inhabitants " to hold
forth a lively experiment that a most flourish-
ing civil State may stand, and best be main-
tained, and that, among English subjects, with
full liberty in leligious concernments" gives,
marvelous as_ it may appear, considering the
arbitrary political principles of the Govern-
ment from which it was obtained, 'ind 'he tone
of religious feeling then prevailing in England,
its direct sanction to the great idea of soul lib-
erty which was the cause of the first se-tlement
in the colony of Rhode Island, and expressly
declares that—
"No person within the said colony ,it any time
hereafter, shall be in any wise molested, punished,
disquieted, or called in question, for any differences
in opinion in matters of religion who do not actually
disturb tho civil peace of our suid colony."
Here, then, we find safely secured in a royal
casket "the jewel," for the preservation of
which Roger Williams, in his defense of his
grand idea before the magistrates at Boston,
declared that he was " ready to be bound and
banished, or even die in New England."
This charter is the first repu biican government
which ever received the direct sanction of a
