3948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
I did think that it came within the suggestions
of expedience and convenience and just econ-
omy of time that, debate on amendments should
1)6 limited to five minnt.es, but that the debate
on the bill itself should be limited to five min-
utes 1 thought was worse than anything we
read of in the other end of the Capitol. That
was a new form of previous question ; I do not
think that ought to be encouraged ; but. I have
no purpose myself ot making a political speech
on the tariff. Certainly 1 should not unless
Senators drove me to such an alternative by
denying me the opportunity which I think I
ami triy friend from Missouri have a right to
ask.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, as I understand,
the difficulty of an agreement is waived, as I
have modified the resolution so as to leave
the bill open to general debate. I am glad
also of the statement made by the Senator
from Massachusetts, because it was stated to
me on the floor of the Senate that his desire
in keeping the debate open upon the tariff bill
was to engage in debate on ^he arms question.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us be frank. The
Senator knows that I asked yesterday for an
opportunity to discuss that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take the Senator's
statement.
Mr. SUMNER. And I did feel that the
proposition of the Senator might be the be-
ginning of' some movement that should have
a tendency to cutoff my fnend from Missouri
and myself from the opportunity to proceed ;
and I felt, therefore, that it was important,
according to the old injunction of antiquity,
to oppose beginnings, to put the foot down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say that my
only purpose was not to corner the Senator or
anybody else ; and 1 tell the Senator himself,
with all respect for his long service here, that
any Senator who shall undertake to inaugu-
rate a political debate at the end of this tariff
bill will assume a grave and serious responsi-
bility. And for one, I give him fair notice that
if a political debate is to be inaugurated in
the tariff lull, I will surrender the passage of
it, and will not seek to restrain my political
associates from entering the field, and 1 rather
think on the whole I shall enter it myself with
the rest.
Mr. SUMNER I assure the Senator that
his lecture, if lecture it be, should not be
addressed to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a lecture, sim-
ply a notice
Mr. SUMNER. It should not be addressed
to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the order will be
read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say to the Sen-
ate that yesterday morning, when the Senator
from Massachusetts made an intimation that
he would move to discharge the Committee on
Punting from the consideration of a motion
then before them as to printing an extra num-
ber of the report of the committee on the sale
of "arms, I called on you, sir, [Mr. Anthony
in the chair,] and asked you at what time
you would be able to make a report. Your
reply was that your committee had under
coniideration sundry matters, and were dis-
posing of thein as fast as possible; and I
think you said to me then—and if I am in-
correct you can correct me by a suggestion,
sir—mat you would certainly be ready tore-
port by to-morrow morning upon that matter.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, if there can bean
understanding, as we are on this matter and
not to return to it again, that some day this
week, to-morrow ni^ht or Thursday evening,
or even Friday evening, we can take up that
question for debate, and nothing else 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us dispose of this
fit St. I simply ask that the understanding may
be read, so that, we shall have no difference
among us, not to be entered on the Journal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not like to object
to this, but there are some amendments to this
bill that I think will require more than five
minutes explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will get unanimous
consent for that at the time if there is.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to exempt
some amendments from a general understand-
ing of that kind. If it is understood that three
or four are excepted from the understanding I
have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The proposition is that debate upon
amendments to the tariff bill shall be confined
to five minutes, and "that no amendment not
germane to the subject of the bill shall be
entertained.
Mr. THQRMAN. That is a proposition for
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For unan-
imous consent.
Mr. TIICJRMAN. Five minutes on each
amendment and no amendment not germane
to the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
proposition. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would like to make
an exception of three or four items, as, for
example, the copperand tobacco amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. All amendments in re-
gard to tobacco can be offered. . They are
germane to the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are on the bill,
but will need necessarily more than five min-
utes' debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Michigan that I do not think
he need hesitate to agree to this. It does not
mean anything iu fact except as to the exclu-
sion of amendments not germane, because
when it is understood that Senators may speak
at large upon the bill itself, the five-minutes
restriction amounts practically to nothing.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to object.
Mr. CONKLiNG. The Senator has only
to speak on the bill as other Senators indicate,
and then he will not be limited.
Mr. SHERMAN. But he cannot do that
pending an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. You had better have
that understood.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is understood.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 have no amendment
to offer, except to change the amendments
that are here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will slate it again that'there may be no mis-
take, and also the interpretation put on it by
the Senator from Ohio, which is manifestly
the proper one, that debate on pending amend-
ments shall be confined to five miuutes, and
no amendments not germane to the bill shall
be entertained.
Mr. SUMNER. Had not the rule better be
taken as it is in the Globe, as follows :
That debate on amendments to House bill No.
23J2 be limited to five minutes by any Senator, and
tliat no amendment to sunl bill shall be in order
unless germane to the subject-matter of said bill!
I think there can be no objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, is the way it is.
Mr. POOL. I should like to know what
becomes of the amendment ot' the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] now.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is pending. It was
submitted by consent and is pending; that is,
the labor commission amendment. I think
that is germane.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is already pending and would not be ex-
cluded by this rule, but there could be only
five miuutes' debate on it.
Mr. POOL. The result of this is, there
having been iio action taken definitely as to
the time of adjournment, that the measures
to which I referred awhile ago when 1 was on
the floor are not to be passed at all. It was
my purpose to have moved two or three of
them on this bill. If Senators desire to con-
fine debate to five minutes on the tariff bill, I
should not object; but why have the second
branch of the understanding? Why not let
that be left open? Let us go on with the
tariff bill under the five-minutes rule if gentle-
men insist on it, without having the second
branch attached. The second branch can
have no other effect than to cut off the possi-
bility of the passage of certain measures that
I believe can be passed in no other way unless
we can have some other arrangement about
the adjournment question in advance of this
action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to the arrangement.?
Mr. POOL. I do for the present. ["No!"
"No!"]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I think I can
relieve the Senator from North Carolina. He
is anxious about the court bill for North Caro-
lina. If he supposes I am going to take up
time to defeat the court bill, he is mistaken.
I do not think it should pass; but he may
have a vote on it at any time in five minutes
after it comes up, as far as I am concerned. I
never take up time for the purpose of defeat-
ing action. I think the Senator has that in
his mind. He may call it up any time. I do
not want it to pass, but I promise him that five
minutes will be the limit I shall take.
Mr. POOL. I had that in my mind, but
I bad two or three other bills in my mind
besides
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator from North Carolina object to the
proposition ?
Mr. POOL. Well, sir, in deference to the
unanimous opinion of the Senators around me,
I withdraw my objection to the proposition on
the tp.riff bill; but if there is an effort to re-
new this rule upon another measure, I shall
object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such, then,
is the general arrangement, as has been stated,
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. That beingtheagreement,
I move to resume the consideration of the
tariff bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we had better dis-
pose of the adjournment resolution first.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it can be done with-
out further debate I have no objection.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Unanimous
consent is asked to proceed to the considera-
tion of the adjournment question. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. POOL. Does that require unanimous
consent ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. - It does, or
to lay the tariff bill on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The bill
is on the t Ale now.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the Chair was not in the Chair
when the order was made. The adjournment
question is before the Senate, the tax and tariff
bill having been laid upon the table.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the House concurrent resolution extending the
present session of Congress to Monday, June
3, at noon.
Mr. STEVENSON. I thought there waa
a motion made to lay the adjournment resolu-
tion on the table, by I he Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. There was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
was made and is the pending question, to lay
the resolution relative to adjournment oil the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir ; and I ask for
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 43 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay*
ton, Ferry Michigan, Flanagan, Hamilton of
lexas, Harian, Lewis, Oaborn, and Pool—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Casserly.Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Cor-,
