312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
our borders; her people cross the Rio Grande
daily and make incursions into our territory,
and perpetrate depredations upon our citizens
and property. For years the grossest outrages
have been committed upon Americans in Mex-
ico without receiving any protection from
their Government.
From Venezuela we have had worse treat-
ment. A few years since we made a treaty
with that republic which provided for a con-
vention to determine claims of American citi-
zens upon that Government. This convention
met and settled the amount of the awards
which were to be paid American citizens by
installments.
The first installment was paid, but the whole
of the balance remains unsettled until this
time, although it has been overdue four years.
The only excuse offered for this dishonorable
course was a pretext that the commission had
acted unfairly.
It is true the President called the attention
of Congress to this in his last annual message;
but it is also true that he had not made such
a demand upon that Government as was neces-
sary under the circumstances, and under the
authority which, in my judgment, is already
vested in him. Withiu a few days he has
received from the president of Venezuela an
insulting communication in reference to that
portion of his message to Congress relating
to this subject.
Therefore it is that I assert that the foreign
policy of the President is neither honorable
nor spirited, nor is it dignified or able. If
as yet we are not involved in war, it is more
owing to the timid counsels of our own or to
the yielding forbearance of other Governments.
In conclusion, I hope the Hou->e will adopt
the resolution demanding the release of Dr.
Bouard. All the tacts warrant such action ;
there should be no delay. It is demanded by
every consideration of national pride, of duty
to the American people, and sentiment of
humanity. Every hour that this old gentle-
man remains in prison is an additional shame
upon our fair fame aud another stain upon
our national escutcheon. Let us procure his
release—" peaceably if we can, forcibly if we
must."
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. KERR,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
May 2, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state ot the Union, and having under consider-
ation the bill (II. R-. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports and to reduce internal taxes, and lor other
purposes—
Mr. KERR said:
Mr. chairman: Duringthis session Ihave
already spoken with general scope upon the
sunject of the tariff. It is not my desire
to nay, further than is unavoidable, to repeat
what I have said heretofore. Nor dol intend
to embrace within the range of my remarks
many points in this great, discussion which
have, with such admiiaole clearness, ability,
and power, been considered by my friend
fiotn Kentucky [ 11 r. Beck ] and my friend
from New York, [ Mr. Brooks. ] 1 shall ad-
dress myselt chiefly to the 1ml, and to some
points made by my colleague, the gentleman
trorn Pennsylvania, [ Mr. Kei.ley, ] in his
speech yesterday, and in his reply to my
former spei ch, and my colleague, the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [.Vlr. MaYKARD,] iu his
speech this day.
Mr. Chairman, T am not, satisfied with this
bill. It is not in harmony with sound princi-
ple. It is not such a bill as I would make if
invested with power. But it is in part my
bill, and in part the bill of every one of my
colleagues on the committee. Its paternity is
not doubtful and cannot be disputed. Respon-
sibility for it cannot be shuffled off. It cannot
be laughed or sneered out of court. It is
legitimate, and was begotten in lawful wedlock.
The union between some of its parents was
unnatural. Some of them ought never to have
been there. Conclusive evidence of this is the
fact that they now seek to destroy, not to im-
prove and develop their offspring in lawful
and honest ways. Like all important measures
of legislation, this one was born of compro-
mise. Gentlemen cannot, without unmanly
neglect of duty and contempt for the rights of
the people, snuff it out, or refuse it fair and
solemn consideration.
If it is asked whether I want this bill to
pass, with reasonable and friendly amend-
ments, I reply with sincere emphasis, yes.
It is not thorough ; it is not,_ in all things,
faithful to correct principles; it does not re-
duce the tajriff enough ; it reduces internal
taxes too much ; it improperly increases duty
on a very few things; and the free list is
scarcely a tithe of what it should be. But
in the main, what it proposes is in the right
direction. It fairly recognizes the imperative
| duty of reduction. Its face is turned toward
the people, not monopoly. It strikes for rev-
enue, not protection. It rebukes selfishness
and cupidity mildly, but frankly. It mitigates
a little the exactions of class legislation. It
offers some relief to labor, not increased alt
to the rich. It is honest, and made in good
faith. There is no "job" in this bill, except
in just so far as every tariff for projection is
of necessi'y a great job. It inaugurates many
excellent reforms m practical admtnisttar.ion
It simplifiesexisting laws and will cheapen col
lection. These several merits make it hatelul
to some gentlemen. For these reasons I like it.
It reduces internal taxes on lob icco S7 038,000;
ongas, $2,800,000; on stamps, $3.-650.000; and
on savings banks deposits, $500,000. making
in all $63,988,000. These are the estimai es of
the Department. It makes the tax on to-
bacco, in all fortr«s of consumption, uniform
at twenty cents i>er pound. Without being free
from objections, this change is demanded by
a great preponderance of intelligent, popular
sentiment, and will facilitate administration,
diminish frauds, aud give more general con-
tent to the trade.
The bill proposes no reduction in the aggre-
gate rate of tax on distilled spirits or fer-
mented liquors, it consolidates all the taxes
on spirits under existing laws into a single
tax of sixty-five cents on the proof gallon ;
this is the exact equivalent of all existing
taxes, except the special tax on rectifiers.
This is a conceded improvement of great value.
It relieves distillers ot many vexatious annoy-
ances, facilitates practical administration, re-
duces expenses, and very greatly reduces the
di.-crimmaiiotis heretofore existing in the law
against small manufacturers, aud against farm-
ers and fruit-growers. The production m the
couuiry will ihu^ be encouraged and increased,
and the revenue from this source next year will
exceed $46,281,848, which was the amount
last } ear.
The bill makes better, simpler, and cheaper
and more expeditious the mode of proceeding
in the exportation both of spirits and tobacjo.
This is also a most desirable and useful change.
It also proposes to abolish after a reasonab e
time all bonded warehouses for tobacco for
• domestic consumption. This change will cut
off many frauds ; will tend to prevent gam-
bling in tobacco; to encourage legitimate busi-
ness, and to discourage overprodtici ion. It
will give direct relief and encouragement to
exportaiion. It does not tax exports; it only
regulates them to prevent frauds on ihe rev-
enue. It does not violate the letter or spirit
of the Constitution in this behalf. The charge
that it does is simply baseless, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
being an excellent lawyer, knows it. But
whence comes his zeal to protect the Constitu-
tion? Why did he not remember the inhibi-
tions of that sacred instrument when he andhis
friends imposed a cruel and remorseless tax
on raw cotton, and refused to let a pound of
it be exported without payment of that tax?
He had then neither kind word nor mercy for
the South ; he knew every penny of that tax was
taken from the American producer, whether
black or white, rich or poor, and never repaid
to him by the domestic manufacturer of cotton
or the foreign purchaser. Men of the South
cannot be deceived by new-born friendship
like this. They will look after its motive, and
take it for what it is worth. Raw cotton beiug
produced in our country in vast excess of its
consumption here, unlike most other products
either of agriculture or manufactures, its value
from time to time was determined by the
demand for it in the markets of the world, and
therefore Liverpool and Manchester chiefly
regulated the prices of it in New York, Mem-
phis, and elsewhere without the slightest refer-
ence to the payment or non-payment by its
producers of a tax.
The bounty of the protectionists was not then
in danger. It is now. And now the system
of internal revenue is vastly improved ; its
harsh, offensive, and inquisitorial features have
nearly all been eliminated. It works smoothly,
and with the improvements proposed in this
bill it will realize more honest revenue for
the country with less expense or annoyance or
fraud than any other system pver adopted l>y
the Federal Government. That is true, aud
no man can successfully gainsay it.
This bill retains and veiy greatly improves
the sy.-tem of taxation by excises. Such taxes
are expressly auihorized by the Consiiiuuon.
Direct taxation based upon property and indi-
vidual ability to pay is not. We must, if we
will act the high part of statesmen, and not
the worthy tricks of demagogues, deal with
the great subj. ct of taxation as we may
under the Constitution as it is, not as we
would it' the Con.-.tuuiiou were what it is not.
The internal revenue system was beyond all
question unconstitutional and most oppressive
when first enacted, and for several years there-
alier. Ihen its faithful father, defender, and
friend was the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[ilr. Kelley.] When the country ciamored
tor relief, he was deaf. Now, when the peo-
ple are comparatively content, he is fuii >us.
He was not ashamed then io espouse it with all
its deformities, excesses, and infamour inquisi-
tions. DidhedoallthatinaPickwickian tense?
Was his happiness then impaired by its at my
of officials, threefold more numerous than
they are to day? Bid he then cry out against
its arbitrary arrests, its brutal ouirages on
personal liberty, and its irritating inquisitions?
No, never. Equally silent was the gentle elo-
quence of my colleague from Tennessee.
This outcry against it on the part of protec-
tionists is new-born, suspicious, and lot" a pur-
pose. It is strategic and cunning, 'lhere is
nothing protective in excise taxes, no alms,
no bounty, no special privileges. But these
do all abound under ihe tariff. Hence they
love it. Besides, it, is full of mystery, jugglery,
unseen resul s, and delusion. But taxation
by excises is plain, open, intelligible to all
men; its effects and cost can be estimated by
plain tax-payers, aud what it costs them it
pays the l'reasury. Its burdens are the cheap-
est taxes paid by the people to the United
Siates. The system is not now half as vexa-
tious, irritating, or inquisitorial in its practi-
cal execution as the tariff system. Almost
every provision or regulation of law intended
