1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
to secure obedience and the honest pay-
ment of the taxes which exists in the internal
revenue system exists also in the tariff,
besides many others under the latter that are
novel, ambiguous, tyrannical, and wrong. To
give relief against some of the gro-sest ofthese,
we reported a bill to the House only the other
day, which was passed and sent to the Senate.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania knows
all this as well as any man, but his policy
requires him to love the latter system notwith-
standing, and he does it. While our mount-
ain of debt remains some system of excise
taxation is a necessity. You cannot raise
$300,000,000 annually from customs without
palpable, gross, and intolerable oppression
and robbery. Your own Secretary requires
for the current expenses of the "Government
over that sum. To pay the annual interest
on the public debt and the pensions alone you
must have $140,000,000. The other annual
expenses ought not to exceed $100,000,000,
but they do exceed $170,000,000 more. Last
year the people paid the Government in ex-
cise taxes $144,011,176, and the collection
of it cost four and seven tenths per cent, of
the amount, or $6,191,835. The number
of officers engaged in its collection was
only about three thousand. In the same
year the people paid the Treasury, under the
tariff, $206,270,408, and on account of that,
and by reason of it, they were compelled to
pay in tribute to protectionists, and in the
enhancement of the cost of domestic manufac-
tured products, and of production generally,
more than $300,000,000 besides. It cost the
tax-payers, the people, the toiling and uupitied
sons of labor, over five hundred million dol-
lars to gel into the Treasury tha' $206 270 408.
In tbe collection of tliis $206,270,408, more
than four thousand officers were engaged, at an
annual expense, direct and incidental, of over
nine million doliars. Besides these, we have
to maintain a navy of revenue vessels to guard
our boundless coast against the smuggler.
The wit of man never devised a mode of tax
ation more expensive, oppressive, or unjust
to the people than a tariff for protection.
I would deeply rejoice if its ways were less
mysterious and beset by less ot indireciiou
and talse pretense, so that the honest but
unsuspecting victims of it could realize from
day to day its grinding injustice to them.
Between two such systems I have no diffi-
culty in choosing. My duty is clear. Having
in view alone what I believe will best promote
the welfare of the people, I will lake ine sys-
tem that costs t.hem the least. J will make
the chief reductions under the tariff. I can-
not take a dollar of revenue from a protective
duty that will not save several to the people.
I hold it is my supreme duty in imposing
taxes to levy such as will pay tlie Treasury the
most, cost the people the least, pay the least
in triuuie to favorites, and rest must equally
on thetax payers, having just reference 10 their
individual ability to pay.
1 am uot willing to consider these solemn
duties mere questions of party politics. Par-
tisanship always savors too much ot' section-
alism and selfishness. The good geuti that
should ever preside and direct in the forma-
tion of a tariff or a tax law are common
sense, fair dealing,_ honesty, and justice,
not mere party politics of any name or style.
In imposing taxes the Government should
know no parties and no sections, and no iu-
div duals, and have no favorites.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania declares
he wants to stimulate foreign commerce by
retaining protective duties and removing in-
ternal taxes. But the. universal experience
of nations shows that commerce can only
attain its highest development under absolute
freedom of exchange and taxation for rev-
enue alone. This great truth is demonstrated
by the experience of Great Britain, Belgium,
Germany, and other countries of Europe
whose taxation is for revenue alone. Suc-
cessful commerce requires cheap ships; pro-
tection makes them dear. Successful com-
merce demands cheap railroads, and cheap
freights and fares for transportation; tariffs
for protection make them high and oppres-
sive. Vigorous and prosperous commerce
needs complete freedom of exchange, both
inland and external, but protective tariffs
destroy both. Our commerce of all kinds
has always been most prosperous, extensive,
and profitable under our nearest approaches
to taxation for revenue alone. No nation can
successfully compete in the markets of the
world whose cost of production is increased
by any artificial or unnatural means; but pro-
tective tariffs, more than all other fiscal agen-
cies known to civil government, cause this
fatal increase.
My colleague laments that the internal rev-
enue system makes men dishonest. The truth
is that there is less evasion, fraud, and trick-
ery under that system by persons who come
within its operation, by more than one half,
than under the tariff. But there will always
be more or less frauds under any attempt to
collect taxes. An infinitely greater vice re-
sults from protective tariffs m their effect upon
human character. They teach the few recip-
ients of their advantages that it is right and
honest for them to live and prosper and grow
wealthy and powerful on the extorted bounty
of their fellow-citizens. Excise taxes do not
do this.
Protective tariffs foster that hateful enemy
of honest and impartial legislation, the lobby.
Excise taxes do not. Honest, men do not love
taxes well enough to beset Congress from day
to d.iy to increase them. Nobody does that
who expects himself lopay them. But gen-
tlemen who have tasted bounty, and learned
the art of obtaining it through the aid of a
tariff, very often crowd the approaches to this
Hall with their numbers and iill our ears "with
tlieir appeals, sometimes undisguised and im-
pudent, lor power to compel their fellow-cit-
izens to pay them two prices for some com-
modity that would elsewhere cost them but, one.
But my colleague has recently discovered
that the internal revenue s>st,em is an odious
'•sumptuary law," and deprives people of the
liberty to sell where they please. If it does
tlie-e th-ngs now, what, a tioriible engine of
grinding tyranny it must, have been m its ori-
ginal deformity, as he and his fiiends created
it and supported it for seven years ! It is very
strange ttiat it took my friend so long to find
out these characteristics of the system. There
is one unlucky circumstance in this discovery
now, that H has no foundation whatever in
fact. It is pure fiction, and only evinces the
gentleman's sublime power of assertion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman state
how he voted two years ago on the proposition
to take off $60,000,000 of those very oppres-
sive taxes ?
Mr. KERB. My impression is that I voted
for that bill, but it neither proposed to take
off, nor did it take off any $60,000,000 from
exeses.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then the gentleman
voied wi h me.
Mr KERR. Mr. Chairman, whenever in
the practical discharge of my duties here 1
am brought face 10 lace with a position where
i ain compelled to vote for a law which ill my
judgment is imperfect and falls short of what
it should be, ami yet which 1 am persuaded is
ihe best 1 can get, 1 vote for it. That is my
duty. That is what I am doing to day. That
is what I did in the Committee of Ways and
Means. That is what every honest legislator
must do under all circumstances. But i.want
to say that heretofore I have favored ail re-
peals of excise taxes because they have been
too high. With the further reductions pro-
posed by this bill they will be moderate and
reasonable.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was not seeking to
arraign the gentleman. He waB seeking, as
I thought, to arraign me; while I said two
years ago substantially what I said to-day.
Mr. KERR. Yes ; and for the same reason
as he said it to-day, in the interest of pro-
tection. The debate in this House in 1870
against protection in this country was, bycom-
mon consent, one of the ablest that ever did
honor to an American Congress. It shook the
fabric of bounty to its foundations. The gentle-
man was alarmed then, as he is alarmed to-
day.
He and my colleague from Pennsylvania
have also now, for the first time in their long
and brilliant legislative careers, ascertained
that the producers of tobacco, and corn, and
rye, and barley, and fruits pay all the excise
taxes on the manufactured tobacco, on the
spirits, and the fermented liquors made from
them, and that therefore the system is wrong,
oppressive, and unconstitutional. But if this
is true, then it follows that the importers of
foreign goods also pay all the customs taxes.
The record shows that in the last fiscal year,
of the internal taxes, $28,870,402 were paid
by the people of the State of New York, and
of the customs taxes $136,190,549 by the peo-
ple of the city of New York. But Pennsylva-
nia paid in the same year but $12,535,521 on
internal revenue, and but $7,131,513 in cus-
toms taxes. New York must be fearfully op-
pressed I Mr. Chairman, a cause must be des-
perate indeed that needs to be supported by
such illogical and baseless assumptions. Every
school-boy kno-vs that all these taxes aie
finally paid by the consumers of these several
com modiiies.
It does not impair the freedom of sale of
the commodities affected by the law, nor does
it materially impede or butden their export.
But tariffs for protection do these hateful
things; they destroy the sacred liberty of
exchange, and forbid the people to buy and
sell where they please, and compel them to
pay tribute to the favorites of power. But
these qualities of tariffs fail to elicit the sym-
pathy ot' iny colleagues iu behalf of the
oppressed people.
There is a consistent devotion to one prin-
ciple apparent throughout the bill of the mi
nority, and that is the principle of " protec-
tion." They appreciate the value of bounty,
and mean to surrender it only when they must.
They will give up every true and honest reve-
nue tax in the statute rather than attempt to
ltve like other men without forced tribute.
Their bill offers to make free "pepper un-
ground," which now pays $344,828 in revenue.
Why do ihey make it free? Because it is a
foreign product, and there is nobody in this
country to "protect," byaduty. ltpaysnoth-
itig but revenue. But why do they not make
ground pepper free, too? Because there are
a ha f dozen favorites in this country engaged
in grinding pepper, and they must be "pro-
tected" by having free trade in their raw
material and a duty on all ground pepper
that can come iiuo competition with them.
Thus they are enabled to sell their ground
pepper to the consumers in this country just
as high as if it had all paid the duty. 1 sup-
pose there is no '-job" ill this airangement.
Then tbey want to make free "tin—pig, bar,
or block." Why? Because that also is a
foreign product, and is not produced in this
country, and ihere is nobody to be protected.
It only pays honest revenue of $447,681. and
no tribute. What is this form of lin used for?
Who is benefited by getting it in free? It is
used in tinning iron pots, on which the manu-
facturers have a protective duty of seventy-five
