1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
removed. I bring the case to certain heads,
which, taken together in their mass, make it
impossible for us to avoid inquiry, without
leaving the Government or some of its officials
exposed to serious suspicion. Now, as at the
beginning, I make no accusation against any
officer of our Government; none against the
President; none against the Secretary of War.
But I exhibit reasons for the present proceed-
ing.
The case naturally opens with the resolution
of the committee of the French Assembly,
asking the United States to furnish " the result
of the inquiry into the conduct of American
officials who were suspected of participating in
the purchase of arms for the French Govern-
ment during the war." This seems to have
been adopted as late as February 9th last past.
At least it appears in the cable dispatch of that
date. For this resolution three things are
manifest: first, that the sale of arms by our
Government is occupying the attention of the
French Legislature ; secondly, that American
officials are suspected of participating in the
purchase for the French Government; and
thirdly, that it is supposed that our Govern-
ment has instituted an inquiry into the case.
This resolution is, I believe, without pre-
cedent. I recall no other instance where a
foreign legislative assembly has made any
inquiry into the conduct of the officials of
another country. If this were done in an
inimical or even critical spirit, it might, per-
haps, be dismissed with indifference. But
France, onote in our history an all-powerful
ally, is now a friendly Power, with which
we are in the best relations. Any movement
on her part with regard to the conduct of our
officials must be received according to the
rules of comity and good-will. It cannot be
disregarded.- It ought to be anticipated. This
resolution alone would justify inquiry on our
part.
Passing to evidence, I come to the tele-
graphic dispatch of Squire, son-in-law and
agent of Remington, actually addressed in
French cyphcr to the latter in France, under
date of October 8, 1870. Though brief it is
most important.
"We possess the strongest influences, working for
us, which, will use all their efforts to succeed."
Considering the writer of this dispatch, his
family and business relations with Remington,
to whom it was addressed, it is difficult to re-
gard it except as a plain revelation of actual
facts. It was important that Remington should
know the precise condition of things. His son-
in-law and agent telegraphs that "the strong-
est influences " are at work for them. What
can this mean? Surely here is no broker or
arms merchant, engaged in the course of busi-
ness. It is something else—plainly something
else. What? That is the point for inquiry.
Mr. Squire is an American citizen. Let him
be examined and cross-examined, under oath.
Let him disclose what he meant by '1 the strong-
est influences." He could not have intended
to deceive his father-in-law, and puff himself.
He was doubtless in earnest. Did he deceive
himself? On this he is a witness. But until
those words are so far explained as to show
that they do not point to officials, the natural
inference is that it was on them that he re-
lied—that they were the " strongest influences''
through which the job was to be carried through;
for, of course, it was a job which he an-
nounced.
It cannot be doubted that this dispatch of
Mr. Squire by itself alone is enough to justify
inquiry. Without the resolution of the French
Assembly, and without the supplementary tes-
timony to be adduced, it throws a painful sus-
picion upon our officials, which should compel
them to explain.
But the letter of Mr. Remington, already
adduced, carries this suspicion still further,
by adding his positive testimony that he dealt
with the Government. Before referring again
to this testimony, it is important to consider
the character of the witness ; and here wo have
the authentication of the Secretary of War,
who has recommended and indorsed him, in a
formal paper to be used in Franco. Others
may question the statements of Mr. Reming-
ton, but no person speaking for the Secretary
will hesitate to accept them. If the testimony
of the Secretary needed support, it would be
found in the open declarations on this floor by
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conklixo,]
and in the following letter which the Senator
dated from the Senate Chamber, during the
recess, when notoriously the Senate was not
in session:
SENATE ClIAMBEB,
Washington, D. 0., November 17,1371.
My Dkau Siii: I learn with surprise that your
personal and commercial situation and tho good
name of the house of Remington & Sons have beoa
questioned. Having known your father and sons for
many years, having lived within a stono-throw, so
to say, of your house for a number of years, and
being one of tho Senators of your State, I cannot
hesitate to give you my testimony relative to the
accusations that have, as has been told mo, been
brought against you in France.
As to what concerns personal situation, importance
of affairs, success, solvency, wealth, and fidelity to
the Government of tho United States, your house
has for a long time occupied a front rank, not only
in the State of New York, but also m the Union.
The allegation that you lack experience as a man-
ufacturer of arms, or in anything that can, as a man
of business, entitle you to respect, is, I can affirm in
all sincerity, destitute of foundation, and must pro-
ceed from ignorance or malignity.
Sincerely, your obedient servant,
ROSCOE CONKLING.
Mr. Samitel Remington.
Thus does the Senator from New York vouch
for the "good name" of Mr. Remington.
Thus introduced, thus authenticated, and
thus indorsed, Mr. Remington cannot be re-
jected as a witness, especially when he writes
an official letter to the chairman of the French
Armament Commission at Tours. You already
know something of that letter, dated at New
York, December 13, 1870. My present object
is to show how, while announcing his large
purchases of batteries, arms, and cartridges,
ho speaks of dealing with Government always,
and not even with any intermediate agent.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me (here one moment, as he lias referred to
me?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. He is engaged at this
point, if I understand him aright, in support-
ing Mr. Remington in his character, and as the
document from which he made the translation
of ray letter also contains stronger fortifica-
tion in aid of the Senator and of Mr. Reming-
ton, 1 beg to call attention to it. The Senator
might reler not only to my letter, but to let-
ters written by Governor Hoffman, cx-Gov-
ernor Horatio Seymour, Edwin D. Morgan,
late a member of this body, General John A.
Dix, not unknown here, and other citizens of
the State of New York, who certify, I believe
in somewhat stronger terms than those I em-
ployed, to the probity and standing of Mr.
Remington.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Sen-
ator for the additional testimony that ho bears.
It only fortifies the authority of Mr. Reming-
ton, which was my object. I took the liberty
of introducing the letter of the Senator, be-
cause he is among us, and had vouched for
Mr. Remington personally. I gladly welcome
the additional evidence which the Senator
introduces. It is entirely in harmony with
the case that I am presenting. I wish to show
how Mr. Remington was regarded by the Sen-
ator, by the Secretary of War, and by other
distinguished citizens, so that when he writes
an official letter to the chairman of the arms
committee of Tours he cannot be rejected as
a witness.
The letter is long, and early in it the writer
alludes to a credit from France and certain
instructions with regard to it, saying:
"This we oould not do, as a considerable portion
had been already paid out to the Government."
Then coming to the purchase of breech-
oading Springfield muskets, he writes:
" The Government has nover made but about sev-
enty-five thousand all told, and forty thousand i3
the greatest number (hey thinh it prudent to snare."
In order to increase the number ho proposed
an exchange of his own, and here ho says :
" This question of an exchange with the very friendly
feeling I find existing to aid franco, I hope to be able
to procuro more."
Where was the "very friendly feeling exist-
ing to aid France? " Not among merchants,
agents, or brokers. This would hardly justify
tho important declaration with regard to a
feeling which was so efficacious?
Then comes the question of cartridges, and
here the dealings with the Government become
still more manifest:
" Cartridges for these forty thousand will in a great
measure require to be made, as the Government havo
but about three millions on hand. Rut the Govern-
ment has consented to allow tho requisite number,
four hundred for each gun, to be made, and tho
cartridge works here had orders given yesterday to
increase production to the full capacity of works."
Observe here, if you please, the part per-
formed by the Government, not only its eon-
sent to the manufacture, but the promptitude
of this consent. This was not easily accom-
plished, as the well-indorsed witness testifies :
"This question of making tho cartridges at the Gov-
ernment works was a difficult one to get over. But it
is dono."
Naturally difficult; but the agent of France
overcame all obstacles. Then as to price :
" The price the Government will charge for the guns
and cartridges will be , or as near that as pos-
sible."
Always the Government! Then comes
another glimpse :
"The forty thousand guns cannot all be shipped
immediately, as they are distributed in the various
arsenals throughthe country."
That is, the Government arsenals.
Then appears one of our officials on the
scene:
" The Chief of Ordnance thinks it may take twenty
to thirty days before all could be brought in."
Then again the witness reports :
" The Chief of Ordnance estimates the cost of the
arms, including boxing and expense of freight to
bring them to New York, at $20 GO currency."
Then, as to the harness:
" The Government have not full complete sets to
the extent of twenty-five hundred after selling the
number required for fifty batteries."
Always the Government!
Then, after mentioning that some parts of
the harness are wanting, he says:
"X have made arrangements to have this defi-
ciency made good by either the Government or by
outside persons.''
But the Goveiiiinent does all it can:
" In mean time the Government have ordered the
harness to be sent hero immediately."
Then at the close the witness says :
"I forgot to say the Government have no Spencer
rifles, having never had but a small number, and all
of these you have bought."
And he adds that " they have from threo to
four thousand transformed Springfields,"
which he " may think fit to take after exam-
ination," showing again his intimate dealings
with the Government.
Such is the testimony of Mr. Remington,
the acknowledged agent of France. It is im-
possible to read these repeated allusions to
'* the Government" and the " Chief of Ord-
nance," without feeling that the witness was
dealing directly in this quarter. If there was
any middle-man he was of straw only ; but a
man of straw is nobody. If Mr. Remington's
character were not vouched so completely;
if he did not appear on authentic testimony so
entirely above any misrepresentation ; if he
were not elevated to be the model arms dealer,
this letter, with its numerous averments of re-
lations with the Government, would be of les3
significance. But how can these be denied or
explained without impeaching this witness ?
But Mr. Remington is not without import-
