1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S65
king, and the first, at least, in modern times
which expressly provided for the right of pri-
vate judgment in matters of religious faith and
worship. It placed the colony of Rhode Isl-
and in a position where it was free from the
control or interference of the other colonies.
If its first settlers were but a band of outlaws,
with no authority to make the first compact—
if t.hey had no legal existence under the char-
ter granted by Parliament in time of civil
war—there was no question now but that they
were in every respect the equals of the other
colonies, with lull power to preserve order
within their own limits and to resist any inter-
ference from without^ and free to work out
their mission of realiziug in the civil polity of
a State tie principle which was '' set forth and
maintained in the colony from the very begin-
ning thereof."
No wonder, then, that the historian of the
United States, writing of the liberty of con-
science secured by this charter, and of its
struggle for an existence in the form of a civil
fovernment, at a period when the experiment
ad become successful, says:
"The annals of Rhode Island, if written in the
spirit of philosophy, would exhibit the forms of
society under a peculiar aspect. Had the torritory
of the Stato corresponded to the importance and
singularity of the principles of its early existence,
the world would have been filled with wonder at
the phenomena of its history."
Under this charter the people of Rhode
Island lived and prospered for nearly one
hundred and eighty years, protected in their
rights of life, liberty, and property, and iu
all their material, social, and religious inter-
ests. Under the impulses inspired by the prin-
ciples of liberty which it secured citizens of
Rhode Island sunk the first British war ves-
sel in 1769, in the harbor of Newport; struck
the first blow and fired the first gun in the
struggle for independence, when in May,
1772, the Gaspee was burned in the waters
of Narragansett bay : and the General Assem-
bly of the colony, in May, 1776, passed the
first act in effect declaring the colony free
and independent of the British crown; and
incited by the same love of liberty, Rhode
Island has ever been quick to resist every act
of oppression, and prompt in the discharge
of every duty to its own ci'.izens and to the
country. The government Uiider this charter
was recognized as republican in form when
Rhode Island was admitted into the Union;
and when this charter, which hud so gloriously
subserved its purpose, was superseded by the
existing constitution, these great principles of
civil and religious liberty were incorporated
in the fundamental law ot the State.
And thus it appears that this grand idea of
religious liberty which was asserted as of vital
importance in the simple compact entered into
by the first settlers of Providence, has been
guarded with jealous care, and has been re-
tained and preserved in Rhode Island as an
essential element of a free government through
all the varying changes in the history of the
colony and State from its first settlement to the
present time.
Through all their trials, dangers, and perils,
Williams and his associates in the early exist
ence of the colony held last to this piinciple
as the anchor of their safety, and by prudence,
patience, and hope, triumphantly sustained and
realized it in the civil polity of a State on the
soil of Rhode Island.
When first asserted and attempted t.o be
applied, it met with the most determined op-
position, as tending to subvert all religion, and
destroy all civil government. It is now as
generally recognized as it was then rejected.
It has its place in the constitution of every
State, and in that, of the United States. In-
deed, this Union never gould have been formed
if this principle had not been incorporated in
its fundamental law. It has made this grand
inheritance of ours a place of refuge for the
oppressed of all nations. It has given religious
peace to this country, and when universally
adopted will insure religious peace throughout
the world. It is making rapid strides toward
its ultimate triumph. Its advancing steps may
be seen in divesting the Pope of his temporal
power, in the prevailing opposition to the
dogma of infallibility, and in the movements
in Germany, Austria, Prance, and England
in the direction of an entire separation of
religion and polities, Church and State. It-
is based on eternal truth, and must ultimately
prevail; and then, in the beautiful sentiment
of Roger Williams, in the introduction to the
great work in which he asserted, and with
matchless power defended, the grand idea of
his life, peace and truth will have met each
other on earth, persecution for cause of con-
science will cease, and in matters of religion
"peace and good will to men" will universally
prevail.
Now, I do not claim that Roger Williams
was the first to announce this grand idea as a
principle in the science of politics; but I do
assert that he was the first to reduce this prin-
ciple to practice, and the first successfully to
apply and actualize it in the civil government
of a State. Light breaks gradually upon the
world. It is first seen in the gray streak blended
with the rosy hues of the dawn; then gilds
the mountain tops and the hills, until in its
advance it shines upon every plain, and pene-
tratesevery valley and ravine. And so it, was
with this idea as a principle in politics. It
struggled through centuries in the past to its
realization in the organic law of a civil State.
It was announced in theory in the schools of
philosophy in Europe. It may be imperfectly
seen in the earliest struggles with the Romish
Church, and in the subsequent conflicts of that
church in the religious controversies of the
sixteenth century. It was clearly enunciated
by William, Prince of Orange, in the struggle
of the Dutch republic against the persecutions
of the Spanish throne. " The Hollanders de-
mand liberty of conscience," was the noble
utterance of that heroic prince. It, may !>e
traced in the renunciation by England of the
spiritual power ol' the Pope, and the separation
of the English from the Romish Church; and
its advancing steps are plainly visible in the
refusal of the Pilgrims and Puritans to conform
to the rites and ceremonies of the English
Church, and their voluntary exile for cause of
conscience to America. Step by step through
these centuries this'idea was advancing, and
gradually weakening the bonds between Church
and State, until these bonds were snapped
asunder when this idea was at. first imper-
fectly applied under thesimple compact which
was adopted by the first settlers at Providence
for the management of their civd affairs, and
then completely and triumphantly realized in
the lifetime of its greatadvocate and defender
under the charters which were subsequently
granted to the colony of Rhode Island.
" Soger Williams"-—
says Professor Gervinus, in his introduction to
the History of the Nineteenth Century—
"founded in 1636 a small, new society in Rhode
Island, upon the principles of entire liberty of con-
science, and the uncontrolled power of tho majonty
in sccular concerns. The theories of freedom in
church and state, taught in tile schools of philos-
ophy in Europe, were hero brought into practice m
the government of asrnall community. It wns prophe-
sied that the democratic attempts to obtain univer-
sal suffrage, a general elective franchise, annual
parliaments, entire religious freedom, and the Mil-
tonian right of schism, would be ot short duration.
But these institutions have not only maintained
themselves here, but have spread over the whole
Union." * * -< * "They have given
laws to one quarter of the globe, and, dreaded for
their moral influence, they stand in the background
of every democratic struggle m Europe.
It is the practical application of great prin
ciples in science, art, and politics to the affairs
of life which excites the admiration and se-
cures the gratitude of mankind. Fulton first
applied steam as a motive power. Morse
invented the mechanism by which the first
electric dispatch was flashed from Washington
to Baltimore. . And to Fulton and Morse are
justly due the honor for the benefits which these
inventions have conferred upon the world.
And in this sense Roger Williams stands forth
without a peer, or even a rival, as the first
successfully to apply and realize this grand
idea of soul liberty in the civil government of
a State, and for the accomplishment of this
he is eminently entitled to the admiration and
gratitude not only of the people of the State
in which it was first applied, but, of the States
and the national Government by which it has
been recognized and adopted.
But few men have suffered more to estab-
lish a great truth in the science of politics,
and no one with greater patience, trust, and
fortitude. Like the Hollanders, he demanded
liberty of conscience, and like their heroic
prince "he cared neither for words or men-
aces in any matter where he could act with a
clear conscience and without doing an injury
to his neighbor."
I shall attempt no analysis of the writings
of Roger Williams. They indicate the strength,
grasp, and originality of his intellect, and re-
flect as a mirror the peculiar qualities of his
intellect, and his heart.
The leading events of his life point out the
prominent traits of his character. He was
what John Adams describes as the model of
an American citizen in the Capitol of the
nation, '• of simple manners, pure morals, and
true religion."
This beautiful statue, wrought with exquisite
skill in spotless marble, is a fit emblem of the
purity ot his life, and although in form and
features purely the ideal creation of the artist,
is truthfully expressive of the noble qualities
of his nature ; his generous and independent
spirit; his courage ; his love of liberty, justice,
and truth, and his unwavering devotion to
principle.
The State of Rhode Island has erected 011
its soil 110 monument to the memory of Roger
Williams. We need no monument there to
remind us of his virtues and services. The
principles which he there first applied can
never be effaced from the memory of its people.
But after the lapse of nearly two centuries since
his dust mingled with the soil which his foot-
steps first consecrated to the freedom of the
soul, the people of Rhode Island gladly and
gratefully place in the national Capitol this
beautiful statue, 111 the hope of keeping fresh
in the memory of the present and future citi-
zens of this great Republic the principles of
civil and religious liberty which were illus-
trated in his lite, and which have immortalized
his name.
In presenting to the country the statues of
Williams and Greene the State of Rhode Island
has discharged its duty under this act of Con-
gress. Let the other States follow, and this
old Hall will become an historic gallery which
will impress so indelibly upon the minds and
hearts of the Representatives of the people in
Congress and the citizens of the Republic who
shall come up from all parts of the country to
the Capitol of the nation, the great principles
which underlie a free Government, and the vir-
tue and patriotism which are necessary to sus-
tain and perpetuate it, that this Republic will
continue to he through the centuries yet to
come as it now is, and as it was intended by
the fathers of the Republic that it should be,
the light of the world in matters of civil gov-
ernment,
■ I now move that the resolutions be con-
curred in.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I did not
expect ttiat this subject was to be presented to
the House this morning, nor indeed at any
time. I had no information from any person
that this resolution was to be presented, nor
do I think that any of my colleagues have had
such information. Of course I most cordially
concur in its purpose, which is the acceptance
of the statue of Roger Williams, presented by
the State of Rhode Island, and placing it in
the former Hall of the House of Representa-
