1872.
the congressional globe.
2157
beyond the local limits which the government
of this District was appointed to look after.
Therefore, Mr. President, I shall vote for
every amendment that tends to secure this
loan of credit or this subscription to be made
for the property-holders of this District, not
only by making it a condition, and a very proper
one, that pari passu, with their subscription
shall be a secured subscription by other parties
for double the amount, but I shall vote against
the entire measure, believing that the system
of building railroads or other public improve-
ments by subscriptions by municipal govern-
ments far away from their local limits, totally
disconnected with the object for which these
governments were chartered, is a sjsiem so
vicious that it ought to be met at the threshold
and on all occasions, and met before its evils
are upon the people in resistless force.
The same reasons that have compelled the
State of Illinois, the State of Pennsylvania,
and. others to so amend their constitutions
that subscriptions of this kind cannot be
allowed, should certainly teach us here, who
are attempting to assist the people of this
District to struggle through their difficulties,
not to embark upon a course so fraught with
danger, so fraught with debt, and the trouble
that debt gives rise to, as this proposed
subscription to a railroad far outside of its
limits.
If this District were free from debt, if it were
strong iu natural resources, if it were well gov-
erned, if the control of the District were in the
hands of people whose property and whose in-
terests eompelthem wisely to regulate expendi-
tures, and to be responsible lor their acts, I do
not think we should be troubled with the con-
sideration of this question ; but us those men
have not the power, and as others less lit to
govern, both for their own Bakes and for the
sake of the property-holders, have the power,
I trust the Senate will protect those who will
have to bear the burden from having it forced
upon them by those who are-free from its
obligations, and regardless of the results of
debt and disordered finances.
Mr. IIARLAN. In pursuance of the notice
I gave yesterday, for the purpose of taking up
the Indian appropriation bill, 1 move that the
pending measure be laid cm the table.
Mr. LEWIS, I would just like to say that
the friends of the bill do not intend to dis-
cuss it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) The Senator from Virginia will
remember that the pending motion is.not
debatable.
Mr. IIARLAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham. B;.yard, Cald-
well, Cole, Cooper, Ferry ot'Connecticut, I'relinghuy-
sen. Harlan, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill ot Vermont,
]Jomeroy, Pratt, Rohcitson, S.iulsbury, Scliurz,
Tvuuibull, in.<1 Vv'nL'iii—IS.
NAVS—Messrs. Alcorn, Rlair, Carpenter, Conk-
lilt^, Craffin, IJ: i v. s of West Virginia, i'enton, i h 1 -
bi-rt, iliii, ilHchcoek, llowe. Kelly, Lewi--, Loftan,
Morton, Norwood, Nye, Obborn, Pool, Sawyer, Ste-
venson. Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, and Vickers—ilo.
AE5S-CXT—Alexis. Anthony, Uoreinan, Brown low,
Camer.-ti, Ca-sseriy, Chandler, Clayton. Corbett,,
Davih of Ken! ucky, Ed mauds. Ferry of Michigan,
iflanasan, (iolUthwaae, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas. Hamlin, Johnston, Kellogg, Pat-
terson, Ramsey, Rice, Scost, Sherman, Spencer,
Bnrasue, Stockton, Thurman, West, Wilson, and
"Windom—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make an appeal
now to the Senate to permit this bill to be
passed over informally with a view to taking a
vote on the Indian appropriation bill as it
stands without introducing any other amend-
ments. It is very important that that bill
should be acted upon and become a law at an
early period. It is now the 4th of April. It
will require some days before the judgment of
the House of Representatives can be taken on
theamendmentsthathave alreadybeen adopted
by the Senate, and some days before^ the bill
can become a law. It will be the middle of
April, probably, before it can become a law,
it it shall be acted upon to-day. The service
will suffer materially, as every Senator will see,
unless the Department should be able to avail
themselves ot the advantages of the provisions
of this law before the crops are put in ; and
1 will appeal to the members of the commit-
tee to otter no more amendments, if the friends
of the pending bill will allow it to be passed
over informally and the vote taken on the ap-
propriation bill without any more amend-
ments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa asks the unanimous consent,
of the Senate to lay aside the pending hill
informally that the Senate may proceed to
the consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill, with a view of taking a vote upon that
bill as it now stands without further amend-
ment. Is there objection?
Mr. BLAIR. There' is an objection. The
vote cannot be taken upon that bill at once.
There are other amendments to be offered to
it. It is the annual Indian appropriation bill;
and even if it. were passed now, it would not, be
available until the next fiscal year, the begin-
ning of July.
Mr. HAKLAN. That is technically so, but
if the honorable Senator has become familiar
with the action of the Department., he knows
that they anticipate (he use of this money, and
make their purchases with a view to it. The
money will not be drawn and paid out until
afler the 1st. of July; but they will not act
under the bill until it becomes a, law.
Mr. BLA'lt. I nm very well satisfied that
they do act. in anticipation of the law, because
they are well aware that, Congress will pass the
appropriations which they are bound to pass
by treaty stipulations, and the Department
invariably acts in anticipation of that. I can
see no necessity, therefore, for urging the pas-
sage of that bill, and cutting of the amend-
ments which I know Senators propose to offer,
which are just as important, and some of them,
in my judgment, more important than any that
have been offered.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President  _
Mr. LEWIS. I think this discussion is out
of order 011 this bill. The Senators are dis-
cussing a question not before the Senate. I
do hope that a vot.o will now be taken 011 the
railroad bill, 'flu; friends of the measure I
am advocating do not intend to discuss it any
further.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to appeal to
the Senator from Iowa to allow a vote to bo
taken 011 the pending bill. Let us dispose of
the District of Columbia question, and then
the Indian appropriation bill will be before
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only
question before the Senate now is the railroad
bill.
Mr. IIARLAN. Would it be in order for
me to speak to that hill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I think it
would.
Mr. HARLAN. I remember a decision the
Chair made not long since, that the Presiding
Officer would not restrict a Senator to the dis-
cussion of any particular point in a pending
bill, and I wilt avail myself of that ruling to
correct a misapprehension of the honorable
Senator from Missouri. What he says is doubt-
less true, tried by the former action of the
Department 
Mr. HILL. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Georgia rises to a question of order,
which he will state.
Mr. HILL. I subm't whether there is any
question before the Senate except an appeal
to the Senate that they will unanimously con-
sent to waive this bill for the present to take
up another. Now, is it the ruling of the Chair
that we may go into a discussion upon the
merits of a bill that is not before the Senate?
If 1 understand the Senator from Iowa cor- ]
rectly, he proposes to make a speech on the
Indian appropriation bill. Am I right in
that?
Mr. IIARLAN. Oh, no, sir; not at all.
On the pending bill, the Piedmont railroad
bill.
Mr. HILL. I ask pardon. I thought it was
on the Indian bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all.
Mr. LEWIS. May I appeal to the Senator
from Iowa to allow us to vote 011 this bill?
Mr. HARLAN. I should be very glad if
the Senate would come to a vote on the bill,
but I am quite sure they will not without dis-
cussion.
Mr. LEWIS. I am very sure the Senator
from Iowa will accomplish his object and get
at the appropriation bili much sooner by letting
us vote 011 this bill than he will by discussing it.
Mr. IIARLAN. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator from Virginia for his assur-
ance. I should have been through with what
1 intended to say long since if I had not been
interrupted. I wish to correct a misappre-
hension. The honorable Senator from Mis-
souri thinks that the heads of Departments can
avail themselves of appropriations not made,
in anticipation of the action of Congress. It
may have escaped his observation that Con-
gress a session or two since passed a law
making it a crime for an officer to do this. So
there have been 110 advertisements published
for contracts under this or any other pending
bill that the head of a Department may suppose
will in the future become a law; and 1'doubt
not they will observe this inaction until Con-
gress has passed the bill.
Mr. CARPEN 1'KR. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. After the passage of
this bill, and prior to the time when by its
terms it is to take effect, can the Department
act under it any more than they can under a
bill that has not passed?
Mr. HARLAN. They proceed to advertise
for contracts.
Mr. CARPENTER. Under a law that has
not gone into force ?
Mr. HAliLAN. They advertise for con-
tracts
Mr." CARPENTER. Under a law that is
not iu existence ?
Mr. HARLAN. And they expect to pay for
the property that will, bo bought under these
contracts out of appropriations that will be
made and will be available 011 the 1st ol' July
next,.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont.
M.r. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further, That no part of the said sub-
scription by said District shall be paid until twico
the amount buboeribod by private parties &hali have
been actually paid in cash and expended in the
construction of the road.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment which
I offered was I hat an equal amount should be
put into the construction of the road by pri-
vate parties, and then the Senator Irom Ver-
mont proposed to amend that amendmec.-' by
saying " twice the amount." The questionis
011 that amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont to my amendment. I ask the
Senator from Vermont to withdraw it and ac-
cept the proviso which I hold in my hand, with
which he is familiar, and let it be added to my
original amendment, because 1 think it is more
effective than his.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pro-
posed amendment will be read for iuformatjou. '
The Chief Clerk read as lollows :
Provided, That the said IV-dmont and Potomao
Railroad Company shall entei into bonds in the sum
of $80U,000, withgood and sutheieat lndividuiiti-uro-
ties, to be approved by the Governor of the District
