1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3053
it is to the special and unwise discriminating
application of that reduction. Oat of the
$18,000,000 of reduction in duties reeom
mended, nearly one third of them all is taken
off from wools and woolens alone, while of all
cotton fabrics the duties on brown printing
cloths and their prints alone are reduced
twenty per cent. 1 have already alluded to a
like reduction on spool-thread. The conse-
quence of such partial and selected reductions,
if they could be borne under any circumstances
when all other productions were suffering like
reduction, is to turn the whole burden of in-
creased importation, sure to follow this legis-
lation, upon these particular industries. This
is to happen, too, when, as never before, the
telegraph makes galvanic connections of the
nerves of trade all over the world, and by
means of steamships, the Suez canal, Pacific
commerce, and transcontinental railroads, im-
portations can be multiplied fourfold in the
same time required in the last generation. To
thus disturb the relations of one industry to all
others is to fill capital invested in it with dis-
trust, and it seeks investment elsewhere; is to
fill labor engaged in it with alarm, and it seeks
employment elsewhere: and, finally, compels
the industry itself to encounter new difficul-
. ties when the scale of all expenditure is grad-
uated by general rates of duties it does not
itself enjoy.
Now, sir, since the repeal of the duty on tea
and coffee has reduced already $15,893,846, it
becomes all the more necessary to cast about
and redistribute the remaining reduction.
There can hardly be less than $20,000,000
taken from internal revenue. I would take
more, but that sum, or nearly that sum, with
afree list of not less than $3,500,000, all agree
must be adopted. These, with the duty on tea
and coffee, make $39,393,846, and leave less
than $11,000,000 of $50,000,000—the utmost
limit of reduction admitted possible by any
one who has the slightest responsibility in the
administration of affairs for the financial (ftedit
of the nation. Instead of fastening t^o thirds
of all this reduction upon two industries, as
this bill prtjposes, I intend to move its distribu -
tion over all manufactures by a general ten
per cent, reduction, substantially as provided
in the Senate bill. For this amendment I hope
to have the support of the House. With its
adoption and such other amendments as will-
suggest themselves in the progress of the bill,
I aball support and vote for it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] has indicated his purpose in the outset,
before the bill is considered, to move to strike
out its enacting clause, that he may thereby
reach his own substitute. But there is nothing
in his substitute which cannot be grafted upon
this bill by amendment if the majority desire
it. I shall ask the House, therefore, to stand
by the form of this bill and apply to it by
amendment every correction that can possibly
be desired by that majority in any way. Any
other course will involve all iu confusion
through which no just legislation can be at-
tained.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, let me say
the field of study upon which one enters as he
takes his seat in the room of the Committee
of Ways and Means is the broadest and grand-
est that opens to the statesman. It compre-
hends the entire material prosperity of the
greatest and most wonderful of the nations of
the earth. It touches the forces which move
the_growth, which push tbe development, and
which influence the direction of all material
progress and strength among such a people.
Although my service there has been much
briefer than that of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] yet, unlike him, I have
grown more and more to admire and cling to
that system of Americanizing all growth and
all development and all attainment in this
land, which began in the First Congress,
under Washington, and which finds its great-
est achievement in the courage and ability
with which it has enabled this Administration
to bear the greatest financial burdens and
solve the most difficult financial problems
ever visited by political trouble and organic
commotion upon a great people.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having resumed the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Scofield reported that, pur-
suant to the order of the House, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideratfon the state of the Union
generally, and more particularly the bill of the
House No. 2322, to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
order of bttsiness for to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to make
a privileged report from a committee of con-
ference. But before doing so, I ask unani-
mous consent that the session of the House
to-morrow shall be for general debate only.
Mr. KERR. Asin Committee of the Whole?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As in Com-
mittee of the Whole, no business whatever to
be transacted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For de-
bate on the Cincinnati convention. [Laughter.!
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] propose that
there shall be general debate to-morrow or
debate on the tariff only?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I said general
debate, because there are some gentlemen
who wish to speak on other topics.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that the gentleman
make an exception in order that I may report
the aerial telegraph bill.
Several members objected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
are plenty of men who have gone up in a
balloon to-day without that.
Mr. CONGER. I think gentlemen miss it
very much that they do not permit me to report
that bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to the proposition that the session of
to-morrow shall be for general debate only, as
in Committee of the Whole, no business what-
ever to be transacted?
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the order just made; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary a supplementary or
amendatory amnesty bill, that it may be print-
ed and recommitted.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
2640)^ to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities improsed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
was reported, read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
change 01? name of a steamer.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2641) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury to change the name of
the steam propeller Thomas McManus Barn
to that of David M. Hamilton ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
joiin miller.
Mr. BIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2642) for the relief
of John Miller, postmaster at Newark, Dela-
ware ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across the mississippi.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce a
bill (H. R. No. 2643) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted, not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
military telegraph operators.
Mr. RITCHIE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2644) to include mil-
itary telegraph operators within the provisions
of the act approved April 4, 1872, to enable
honorably discharged soldiers, &c., to acquire
homesteads on the public lands; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
-n St'wo H°uses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30. 187S, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and free
conferenec have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend. to their respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 35,37, 45, 61, 62, 64,
63, 69, 70, 71, 73, 74, 75, and 78.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 13,15,18, 19, 33, 36, 38, 39, 40, 41,42, 43, 44.
60, 63, 65, 72, 79. 80, 85, 86. 87, and 88. and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the eighth amend-
ment or the Senate, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: on page 6, line fifteen of
the bill, gtrike out all after the word " fifty," down
to the end of line sixteen, on the same page, and in-
sert in lieu the following words: "three thousand
f>ur hundred and twenty-two dollars;" and the
House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-fifth amendmentof the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all after the word "after," in line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word " Con-
gress," in line three, and insert in lieu the following
words: 4 the 4th day of March, 1875;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to said Senate amendments, with the following
amendment: add to said amendment the following
words: "and no person shall be employed under the
provisions of this clause who shall not have fully set
forth, in a written statement under oath addressed
to the Secretary of the Treasury, the character of
the claim out of which he proposes to recover, or
assist in recovering, moneys for the United States,
the laws by the violation of which the same have
been withheld, and the name of the person, firm, or
corporation having thus withheld said moneys; and
if any person so employed shall receive, or attempt
to receive, any money or other consideration from
any person, firm, or corporation, alleged thus to have
"withheld money from the United States, exccpt in
pursuance of the written contract made in relation
thereto with the Secretary of the Treasury, such per-
son shall be deemed guilty of misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof sha.ll be fined not less than
$1,000, or imprisoned not les^ than two years, or both,
in the discretion of any court of the United States
having jurisdiction. And the person so employed
shall be required to make report of his proceedings
under *uch contract at anytime when required to do
so by the Secretary of the Treasury;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the House to the fiity-fifth
and seventy-sixth amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the sixty-sixth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
witn the following amendment: in line three of said
House amendment strike out the word " forty " and
insert in lieu the word " thirty;" and the House
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendmentof the House to the sixty-seventh
amendment ol the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out of said
House amendment the words "ninety-two" and
insert in lieu thereof the word "eighty;" and the
House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu of the words proposed to be stricken out,
insert the following: "for one clerk of class four,
