1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8949
bett, Craain, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Fenton, Frelinghuyseu, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, llatn-
ilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill. Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Poineroy, Pratt, Ransom, Rob-
ertson, SuuUbury, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers. West, and Wright—43.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boretnan, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron. Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut,
Howe, Kellogg, Morton, Nye, Patierson, Ramsey,
Kice, Sawver, Scott, Speneer, Stewart, Tipton, Wil-
son, and Windom—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. PO(3L. What is the resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the con-
current resolution of the House fixing next
Monday as the day for the final adjournment.
Mr. POOL. I want to hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the vote
on the question of fixing Wednesday of next
week instead of Monday was not by yeas and
nays, and as I am quite satisfied we shall have
to act upon the question again unless we do
postpone the adjournment until Wednesday,
and I prefer to have it fixed now, in order to
test the sense of the Senate I renew the mo-
tion to fix it at twelve o'clock on Wednesday,
the 5th of June.
Mr. SHERMAN. Say Tuesday, and I
think the Semite will agree to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Vermont, that that
is the exact motion, in the exact parliamentary
status, which was voted down. lie could
relieve it of the objection by changing it to
another hour of the same day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will put it
then at two o'clock on Wednesday, and I ask
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggest to the Sen-
ator to name Tuesday, because we know on
Wednesday a great many might not want to
be here, and perhaps we shall be able to get
through by Tuesday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think it possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might fix it for
Tuesday at six o'clock in the afternoon. That
will give us the whole of Tuesday at any rate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will yield
to ihe suggestion, and will modify my amend-
ment so as to say Tuesday, the 4th ot June, at
eight o'clock in the evening.
Several Senators. Oh, no; say six o'clock.
Mr. MOIiRlLL. of Vermont. Very well;
I will sav six o'clock.
Mr. TIP TON. Eight o'clock is too late.
If we do not adjourn until then it will be im-
possible for these gentlemen to get to Phila
delphia that night. [Laughter.] It will de-
pend on what time the train staits for Phila-
delphia. [Laughter ]
Several Senators. That does not go until
nine o'clock.
Mr. TIP 1'ON. Then I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont has a right, however, to modify his
amendment, and he now moves to amend the
resolution by inserting "Tuesday, the 4th of
June, at six o'clock p. m."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I voted for the
amendment when it was proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont before, but I think I made
a mistake, and I shall not vote tor it now. The
reason is this: if we vote to adjourn on Wed-
nesday of next week, the House may or may
not concur, and if it. should not, we shall be
compelled to adjourn to morrow at twelve
o'clock. I do not want to be placed m pie-
cisely that position. Therefore L prefer to
vote to adopt the resolution of the House to
adjourn next Monday, and leave it for the
future to determine whether the adjournment
shall be at that time or a day or two there-
after.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to make the time Tuesday, the 4th of
June, at six o'clock p. m.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes eighteen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn, and the question recurs on con-
curring in the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The resolution was concurred in.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had this
day approved and signed the followii g acts:
An act (S. No. 74G) granting a pension to
the widow of the late Admiral Parragut;
An act (S. No. 854) for the relief of certain
officers of the Navy.
An act (S. No. 899) for the relief of the
children ot 0. H. Berrymati and others;
An act (S. No. 927) for the relief of the
children of Ocway H. Berryman, deceased;
An act (S. No. 934) to provide for the com-
pletion of three volumes of Wilkes's United
States Exploiing Expedition ; and
An act (S. No. 1027) to restore Lazarus L.
Reamey to the Navy of the United States as a
midshipman.
administration of justice.
Mr CARPENTER. If there be no objec-
tion, I ask for action now upon the conference
report, I made yesterday relative to Senate bill
No 473.
By unanimous consent, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the bill (S. No. 473) to
further the administration of justice.
The report was concurred in.
message from tii1s house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, ils Clerk, announced
I hat the House had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on ihe bill
(H. R. No. 2044) authorizing the appointment
of shipping commissioners by the several cir-
cuit courts of the United States to superintend
the shipping and discharge of seamen engaged
in merchant ships belonging to the United
States, and for the further protection of seamen.
The message also announced that the House
had c.incurred in the report of the committee
of conference oil the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1300) for
the relief of the sureties of the late Jesse J.
Simpkins, deceased.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the coin
inittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the iwo Houses on the bill (S. No. 473) to
further the administralion of justice.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. I) to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to ihe Post Office Depart-
ment, agieed to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. John I1'.
Farnsworth of Illinois, Mr. Jam us N.TYNKRof
Indiana, and Mr. Samuel J. Randall, of Penn-
sylvania, as managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill(H R.
No. 1914) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to negoliale with the chiefs and head-
men of the Shoshone and Bannock tribes of
Indians for the relinquishment of aportion of
their reservation in Wyoming Territory.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2938) granting
the right of way to the Utah, Idaho, and Mon-
tana Railroad Company: in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating a report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs relative to the disposition of
the school property of the Ottawa Indians, in
Kansas; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
withdrawal os papers.
On motion of Mr. STEVENSON, it was
Ordered, That A. L. Shotwell, of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers from the tiles of the Senate.
house bill referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. li. No. 171) to provide lor the
sale of a part of the light-house reservation at
Port Gratiot, Port Huron, in the Staie of
Michigan—to the Committee oil Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 1957) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund duties paid
on the chime of bells and clock imported for
St. Joseph's cathedral, Buffalo, New York—to
the Commiiteeon Fiuance.
The bill (H. li. No. 2912) for the relief of
Peter J. Burcbell—to the Committee on
Claims.
The bill (H. B. No. 2932) in relation to re-
funding duties paid on tea and coffee in bond—■
to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. It. No. 2933) for the better
organization of the district eouris of the United
States within the State of Louisiana—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2'J3">) to establish cer-
tain post roads—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
reports of committees.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 2791) for the relief ot Wil-
liam J. Clark, administrate! of Gad E. Upson,
deceased, reported it without, amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. The bill (II. it. No.
1780) for the relief of Henry L. Gralpin, post-
master at Berlin, Connecticut, was referred to
the Committee on Claims. I find a similar bill
was referred to the Committee oil Post Offices
and Post Roads, and reported by them favor-
ably. I move that the Committee on Claims
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill, and that it be referred t.o the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
bill introduced.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1109) to amend an act to enforce the
right of the citizens of ihe United States, &c.,
approved Pebtuary 28. 1871; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the joint
selcct Committee on Alleged Outrages in
the Southern States.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted an amend-
ment intended to b  proposed hy him to the
bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
jesse j. sim pr ins.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the
following report :
Jtepnrt of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing ontes of the two Litniset <m House bill No. 1390,
entitled l> '1 ".'lot fo> the n:hcf <>t ihv vuretiet of the
late Jexxe J. S'Hipkiux, deceait'd."
The committee havm? met. afrer full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend and do recom-
mend to their respective Homos as follow* :
That the Hou^e roecdos, and a<?re<s to the Sennftf'rf
substitute with an amendment thereto, as follows:
Provided, however, That the Attorney General is
hereby authonzed to cause stay of proceedings
against said sureties upon the filing of a responsible
