THE OONGRESSIO'KAI/ GLOBE.
May 28,;
bond with sufficient swedes to the appraised value
of any property which may be held under seizure or
attachment in any suit or proceeding in the court
where the same is pending, then to answer in the
amount of such bond until the Attorney General
shall ascertain whether Virginia will make payment
for Raid deposits, and in the settlement of the in-
debtment of the sureties of said Simpkins, no inter-
est shall be charged upon the amount so depositod
in the treasury of the said State of Virginia.
F. T. FRELINQHUYSEN,
LOT M. MORRILL,
JOHN W. JOHNSTON",
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN P. BUTLEB,
JOHN A. BINGIIAM,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
TAX AND TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate resume the consideration of the tariff
bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to
reduce duties on imports, and to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the pending amendment, which is
on the subject of books, offered by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is oti
page 11, at the end of line eighty-four of sec-
tion four, to strike out "twelve and a half
cents per pound" and insert "thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem."
Mr, MORTON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the committee's amend-
ment to strike out the paragraph in regard to
books.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an amendment
on page 6 that I am directed by the Committee
on Finance to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, by
unanimous consent, last evening agreed, after
disposing of this question of books, to return
to the paragraph in regard to paper on page
6, and in some way cognate to this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the
Committee on Finance to move to insert on
page 6, line thirty-seven, of section two, the
words " excepting books," so as to leave the
present rate of duty, in order to compromise
if possible the conflicting opinions here, and to
leave hooks stand as they are; so that the
clause will read:
On all paper and manufactures of paper, except-
ing books not herein specifically provided for.
Mr. HAMLIN. "And other printed mat-
ter" should come in in the exception.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well ; I am willing
to extend the exception to all. The commit-
tee only wanted it to extend to books, but I
think it ought to extend to all, leaving the
duty on printed matter as it is. We cannot
agree upon it, and therefore we had better
leave it as it is.
Mr. SUMNER. As it is in the bill or the
law?
Mr. SHERMAN. Leave it as it is in the
old law. There is such a diversity of opinion
that we cannot agree upon it. Then there will
be no reduction on books.
Mr. LOGAN. Will that leave the duty on
books twenty-five percent, ad valorem1)
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Then it leaves the duty on
books as it is now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. This clause will be open to
further amendment, I presume, if this amend-
ment is adopted?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it will be.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely desire to know
whether it will be open to further amendment,
so that I can offer an amendment in reference
to paper, bringing it down so as to correspond
reasonably with books. If I can do that, I
have no objection ; but if not, I desire to offer
the amendment now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
regard it as open to amendment, it having been
reserved yesterday afternoon.
Mr. LOGAN. It will be in order after this ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Except as to
this particular amendment. Ifthe word " in-
cluding" is stricken out and " excepting"
inserted, that would not be open to amend-
ment, but the remainder of the paragraph will
be open to further amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; that is all I de-
sire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to strike out the word "including" before
the word "books" and insert the word " ex-
cepting," so that the clause will read:
On all paper and manufactures of paper, except-
ing books and other printed matter, not herein
specifically provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I wish to offer an
amendment to which I call the attention of
the chairman of the committee. We all de-
sire to arrive at a correct conclusion on this
subject; but, as the chairman of the commit-
tee has said, there is a difference of opinion
in reference to it. I do not desire to discuss
it further; but in response to the chairman,
who said there was so much difference of
opinion about this paper question last night,
I will state that I took pains last night and
this morning to see some newspaper men,
whose opinions, I think, are worthy of atten-
tion ; and I am more satisfied than ever that
I was correct yesterday. There is a simple
test. For instance, right here in this city we
have the Chronicle newspaper and the Star.
We are all conversant with them; we all
know them. The Chronicle is published on
unsized paper, and the Star is published on
sized paper. There is a difference we can all
understand, and you can test it in this way:
if you strike a pen across the paper of the
Chronicle, you see it goes clear through; if
you strike it across the Star, it does not go
through, but only makes a stain on one side.
That is the true test of all paper, and I have
got every class to show that I am correct. I
have also a letter from the publisher of the
Star, stating this fact. He says:
Mt Dear Sir: If the fact will be of any service to
you, I will state that the Evening Star is printed
upon sized paper.
CROSBY S. NOTES,
Editor and Publisher of the Star.
Hon. John A. Logan.
Now my proposition is, as books stand at
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem,, that all
paper to be used for the purpose of printing
shall pay a duty of twenty-two and a half per
cent, ad valorem, which reduces it two and
a half per cent, below books. If that is not
satisfactory to the Senate, then make the dis-
tion if you think there is a distinction. I am
told by the best paper men that there is no
difference at all discernable in the price of
paper. I am told so by men who have an
interest both ways. What I want to do is to
get a fair rate. If that is not satisfactory
to the Senate, let us reduce both classes of
paper at least a little below printed books,
inasmuch as we are going in for reduction.
If this is not satisfactory, put them on an
equality, reduce sized paper to twenty-two
and a half per cent, which would be fair, and
let the unsized paper stand at eighteen per
cent., as it is by this reduction. That cer-
tainly would be distinction enough, and more
a great deal than there is in the cost.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
getting the thing as I understand it by the
examination I have made, and 1 have made
that examination with no view to accommo-
date any particular person or individual, but
to satisfy myself, and I am a little tenacious
when I have an opinion about a matter and
have examined it, and am satisfied that I am
correct, to have it either adopted or disagreed
to. In the first place, I propose the following
amendment, to come in at the end of line
thirty-eight on page 6:
Provided, That the duty on printing paper,
whether sized or unsized, shall be equal to twenty-
iwo and a half per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance also conversed about this matter, because
it was the subject of debate yesterday, and we
came to the conclusion that this would be no
relief to the persons who have to buy printing
paper, and it would be a very great danger
and detriment to the public service, and ruin-
ous to a very large class of excellent and en-
terprising people engaged in making writing
paper and other advanced grades. What the
Senator says is true; there is but very little
difference between the price of sized and un-
sized paper, and the purchasers of this paper
can now get it in the market at about the
same price. There is very little of it imported.
They do not use imported paper. There is no
necessity to import it.
But it is necessary to preserve the word
"sized" in the tariff list in order to separate
the writing from the other paper. It was
shown very clearly that if you allowed sized
paper to be brought in at the low rate of eighteen
or twenty per cent., the result would be that
all writing paper would be brought in in that
form and cut up, and thus destroy the revenue
from writing paper, and break down a large
number of establishments that are engeged in
all parts of the country in making writing
paper. The publishers will gain nothing, be-
cause they can now buy the paper for their
use of American manufacture at about the
price of unsized paper, while the breaking
down of that industry will be a great damage
to private persons, and will do great injury to
the revenue by destroying the revenue on
writing-paper.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the chairman
of the committee that my desire is not to
affect the manufacturers of paper in this coun-
try, and I have an amendment—I' do not
know whether it will be satisfactory to him or
not—with which I propose to follow this
amendment, and that is that persons import-
ing printing paper and converting it into
writing paper shall be fined $3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN'. How can the custom-
house officers tell whether it is to be converted
into writing paper or not ? How can the cus-
tom-house officers follow that paper after it
leaves the custom-house ?
Mr. LOGAN. How can they follow any-
thing ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They never attempt to
do it. If the Senator, with all his experience,
can show any case where the Government
undertakes to follow an article imported, I
will then say that there is some strength in his
proposition; but it cannot be done in the
nature of things. This paper comes in, and
the very moment it pays the duty the Govern-
ment loses all power to control it, and it ought
not to have any power over it.
Mr. LOGAN. I see the point. I know it
is very hard to contend with the Committee
on Finance, especially when that committee
have certain fixed opinions which they are
determined not to deviate from. I do not
presume there is a man here but agrees that
to allow books to be imported at twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem, while you import paper
at thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, is perfectly
absurd; but that is the proposition under this
bill, and for fear somebody will cut down
a ream or two of printing paper and make
writing paper of it, we are to pay thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem on printing paper and
twenty-five per cent, on books printed on that
paper. The thing is perfectly absurd. For
us to say that we cannot prevent writing paper
being imported in place of paper to publish
newspapers on, is admitting that we have no
