2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
of Columbia and the Secretary of the Treasury of
tlio United States, conditioned for the repayment
"with interest of the money subscribed to the capital
stock of thosaid company if the said company shall
fail to complete thesaidroad for tbo running of cars
within three years from the acceptance of the
$600,009 to be subscribed by the said District,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not in-
tend to consume another moment of the time
of the Senate on this bill; but regarding it, as
X do, as a measure of the most mischievous
character. I cannot refrain from giving some
further facts which I know in relation to the
road.
When the question of granting this subscrip-
tion was voted upon in this city, it was ex-
pected that the Pennsylvania railroad would
guranty $15,000 a mile to iron and equip the
road, and several citizens have called upon
me since the debate yesterday and told me
that they voted for the subscription under such
circumstances, bat that since the road which
was to give tins guarantee of $15,000 per mile
has become defunct, if the question were again
presented they would vote against it.
Mr. POMEROY. What road has become
defunct?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Penn-
sylvania road chartered by Virginia. The
guarantee was to be by them. In the first
place, the road, 1 wili state, was not accepted
duting the time provided for by the charter,
and therefore becomes exUnct.
Now, Mr. President, look and see what pecu-
liar, what beautiful legislation we have on this
subject by the territorial Legislature of this
District. I iind that in the act passed by this
teriiioiial Legislature authorizing the sub-
scription of $000,000 to this road, they pro-
vided in the thiid section as follows:
"That, in order to meet the interest to accrue on
said bonds, there shall be levied annually a tax of
six per cent., or such lower rate as may suffice, on
evoiy $100 of t ho assessed value of real and personal
estate oi s.nd District, the proceeds of which tax
shall constitute a. special fund pledged for the pay-
ment of said interest."
A tax of six per cent, upon the entire prop-
erty of the District is authorized by the Legis-
lature to pay the interest upon these bonds !
Mr. SAWY13R. Will the Senator allow me
to inUmipt him for a moment?
Mr. MORU1LL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. It was stated by the par-
ties interested in this matter, and with author-
ity, that that was a clerical error j that instead
of being six per cent, it was six hundredths of
one per rent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This was an
act passed last, August. The attention of the
city lias be«Mi called to it. The Governor was
notified of it. The Legislature has been in
session several tuned since. Why has it not
been corrected? It so stands in the statute—six
per Cent.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. OARPEN TER. Is that anything more
than equivalent to saying that they shall levy a
sufficient tax to pay the annual interest?
Mr. MOHRILL, of Vermont. It gives them
authority to levy six percent.
Mr. CARPENTER. Six per cent., or such
sum as may be sufficient to accomplish the
pui pose.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. CA RPJ5N fER, They cannot levy
more than enough to pay the interest.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only bring
it forward as a specimen brick in relation to
thi* matter.
Now you will find in tlie charter the names
of most respectable citizens scattered through-
out, the country. Does anybody believe, even
if I hey know they are part and parcel of the
corporators, that any one of them has paid a
dollar in as a stockholder? If they are stock-
holders, they have unquestionably had their
stock given to them. They are men of too
much sagacity to subscribe stock in such a
road as this with any intention of ever paying
for it.
Now look at the character of the road.
Why, sir, we have a road already built that is
parallel, running forty-five miles out here, and
six miles more of it. that is almost 
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator allow me a
word right there ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. LEWIS. There is no road running
parallel with this road at all, or anything near
parallel with it, and the map will show it. I
know every foot of that road myself, every
foot of the ground. I have passed over it
time and again. I will add further, as I do
not intend to discuss this question, and I hope
no friend of the bill will, that if there was a road
there, so much the better for Washington city.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
may well say it does not run parallel, because
his road is not even s'urveyed, laid out, and
located ; but the road to which I refer does go
through that country, and will cover 
Mr. LEWIS, if the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I prefer not
to be interrupted until I get through, for I
shall occupy the attention o( the Senate but a
moment, and then the Senator fxom Virginia
can have all the tune he chooses. I say the
Washington and Ohio road does drain the
same country to which this road must inevit-
ably penetrate, if it goes anywhere where its
friends predict it must go.
N.ow, sir, I have here the unanimous vote
of the Board of Trade of this cily, dated Feb-
ruary 9,1872. Has anybody got a later vote
of that Board of Trade?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, I will
read this preamble and resolution passed by a
unanimous vote of the Board of Trade on the
9th of February last. It will show how much
value is to be placed upon that too. It reads
as follows:
" Whereas a bill passed by the Legislature appro-
priating $600,000 for the building of a railroad,
called the Piedmont and Potomac railroad, is now
before Congress for confirmation ; and whereas the
scheme is gotten up by a few speculators for private
purposes; and whereas such a railroad runs almost
parallel within a few miles of the Washington and
Ohio railroad, and can he of no particular benefit
to the District: Therefore,
"Be it raioloed.Thiit the resolution offered by Hon.
Charles Sumnek, in theSenate of the United States,
to reject the confirmation of said bill, meets the
views of the Boaid ot Trade ot Washington city,
and that tho interest of the District requires that
the said bill should be rejected.
" The above preamble and resolution were unani-
mously adopted at the meeting of February 9.1872.
On motion the following gentlemen were appointed
a committee to represent the views of the boaid on
the above-mentioned subject to Congress, and to nse
their best endeavors to secure the injection of tne
said bill: S. Bacon, esq., W. U. Metzerott, esq., AV\
H. Clagett, esq., William Wall, esq."
Now, Mr. President, I do not desire that
this bill should pass without Senators hav-
ing their eyes open to the fact that it is aposi-
tive gift to a company that has not, as I be-
lieve, a dollar of valid subscriptions to day;
that is, a dollar that could be legally enforced.
If the parties who have subscribed refuse to
pay, all you can do is to sell and forfeit their
stock. If this city is to give $GOO,000 for the
purpose of aiding in the building of this road,
it ought to have some security at least that the
road shall be built.
Mr. LEWIS. The Senator from Vermont
sa\s that these roads run parallel. I say they
do not, and it is not contemplated that they
shall. But that is a question that has no bear-
ing whatever. I should like to know where he
gels his authority for saying so when he states
that this road has not been surveyed. lie says
they run parallel, and then he gives as a rea-
son why I do not know whether they run par-
allel with each other or not, that the route has
not been surveyed. Then how can he know
that these roads run parallel when he has just
given as a reason that I do not know that the
route ot this one has been surveyed ?
One word further as to the action of the
Board of Trade. There has been a subse-
quent action of the Board of Trade, which was
almost unanimous, which I sent to the desk
yesterday. At the meeting of the Board of
Trade of which the Senator speaks, there were
but eleven members of the board present, six
of whom have since signed the other paper.
That is all I have to say. I hope the vote
will be taken on this bill, and that then we
shall proceed with the consideration of the
appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, it seems to me
a, very reasonable proposition to require the
stockholders in this concern to do a little some-
thing. That ihey should be required to pay up
an equal amount to that which is now asked
as a donation from the citizens of Washington
is certainly a very reasonable proposition ; and
the proposition made by the Senator from Ver-
mont, that they should pay twice the amount of
this donation from the city of Washington, is
certainly of itself a reasonable proposition.
But, the effort now, as it appears to me, is dis-
tinctly one to allow this corporation to go into
operation upon the capital that is to be fur-
nished by the city of Washington, the $600,000,
and that, judging fiom tlie efforts on behalf of
this bill, is to be the capital upon which the
concern is to be pushed forward. If it is not
a stock-jobbing operation, I misjudge it.
The amendment of my friend from Nevada,
that they shall give a bond in the sum of
$800,000 that the road shall be buiit in three
years, looks to me like a very fallacious prop-
osition. Nobody supposes that that bond if
forfeited by lapse of time will be enforced, or
that any result will come from it. Certainly
it cannot be expected. There are always ex-
cuses enough to get over a thing of that kind.
Why, sir, ll the friends of this measure can
now bring up the bill in this body, casting
aside business of the greatest possible import-
ance to the whole country, and push it upon
Congress, going over the Senate by a sort of
hop, skip, and jump, it will be the easiest
thing in the world lor them to get rid of the
obligation of that bond. They can fill the
lobbies of the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives at anytime with enough to control a
matter of that sort and to prevent any enforce-
ment of liability.
Now, Mr. President, if this bill is to pass,
let it be invested with at least so much of fair-
ness as to require the persons who are stock-
holders, none of whom do 1 know, to come
foiward with a little of their own spare cash;
let them be lequiied to put in as much as is
exacted from the poor people of the District
of Columbia. I appeal to those who are in
favor of the bill to allow that much, and not
to have it go through upon the capital that is
furnished by the city of Washington alone, to
let it go on the market with that basis of
credit and that only.
I am very little acquainted with stock-job-
bing operations. T know but little about them ;
but I am aware that with this assistance ren-
dered by the Government to these corpor-
ations it often turns out that they go upon the
market without putting their hands in their
pockets at all, and sell their stock and their
bonds, and raise money in that way, and eome
out of the enterprise eventually with large
property, and without any disbursements what-
ever from their own pockets. That is a com-
mon thing in this country. It is high time
that the people viewed this matter in its right
light, and stopped this business. It is not
cied-table to the Congress of the United States,
which is supposed to represent a republican
Government, to foster and encourage these
tilings much further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. If that is not adopted,
I will offer my amendment, which, I think, is
better than that. Let it bo read again.
