366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
tives ; but I should be unjust to myself, and I
think to the State that in part I represent, did
I not- make some remarks upon the historical
references which have fallen from the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Eames.]
Beyond all question, the State of Rhode
Island is entitled to the credit of having been
the first to assert the principle of universal
religious liberty as a foundation for civil gov-
ernment, and I am glad that the remembrance
of this sentiment and the great historical fact
connected with itia to be perpetuated—forever,
I trust—in the artistic representation of this
most illustrious man in enduring marble. The
ancient and renowned Common wealth of Rhode
Island honors the country, as it honors itself,
by tliis generous act. It is an illustration of
the idea that the highest principle of art is util-
ity. There is a solemn satisfaction in the fact
that it is made the occasion and the medium
of uniting in reverential and patriotic thought
the earliest colonial sacrifice and success with
the emblems of national prosperity and power
which now surround us. It carries us back in
the first instance, in the stern visage of the
soldier, to the trials and triumphs of the Rev-
olution, and in that of the preacher and pilgrim
to the greater sacrifices and still greater suc-
cesses of the Puritan. The enduring beauties
of the sculptured marble are but an emblem of
fidelity; its symmetry, of patriotism; its purity,
of Christian truth. Nothing could be more
honorable to the State,nothing more gratify-
ing and acceptable to the United States, than
this tribute to the founder of that State. But
there are some considerations which have been
presented in the discussion of this subject to
which I ask briefly the attention of the House.
The Puritans, exiles from England and found-
ers of the State of Massachusetts, were eminently
practical men. They were not instructed by
visions. Their leligion was neither the result
of invention nor discovery. They rested upon
the interpretation of the divine word by their
spiritual teachers, who for many centuries had
led them, as they believed, in the path of
divine wisdom and divine truth. It was not
freedom from an established church that they
sought here, but an escape from the religious
heresies ofa tyrannical and odious Government.
Their views of government, as their ideas of
a church, rested upon authority and tradition
as welt as upon theories of equality and jus-
tice. They believed that all which was neces-
sary for man as a citizen or subject under the
State, as well as his eternal salvation through
the Church, could be secured to him and his
children by adherence to the doctrines of his
fathers. It was reform mainly that they de-
sired, rather than the total overthrow of the
established institutions under which they had
been reared: and it was because reform was
denied them that they abandoned kindred and
country for a new settlement in the new world,
and finally led to their spiritual freedom, and
in the end to their political independence.
They had distinct and clear ideas of their
duty, and they adhered to them unitedly and
unfalteringly from the beginning to the end.
The church was, in their view, the only safe
foundation for their State. They had no con-
ception of a State, nor had any considerable
number of men organized in the form of polit-
ical society anywhere—any conception of a
State that was not founded upon the Church.
That was the theory and the law of the world.
They made every church membcravoter. They
gave liberty to all people on all subjects, so
far as they deemed it consistentwiththe inter-
ests and safety of the State. They relaj ed the
severity of their regulations as rapidly as ex-
periment and experience showed it was con-
Bistentwith their safety. It was this that gave
them enduring success. It was this that res-
cued them from the lamentable failure which
had accompanied all the attempts to establish
free institutions which had preceded them. It
is this which redeems their great names from
the list of those who, by different and more
daring experiments, had well-nigh satisfied
themselves that public liberty was a moral and
physical impossibility. The people of Massa-
chusetts have steadily adhered to their wise
and illustrious example, and it is owing to that
fact that they have been able to perpetuate
their principles of religious and civil liberty,
until now they cover the continent, and have
become the admiration and emulation of the
greater part of the world.
From the prominence of her position, from
the fidelity, vigor, and courage with which she
has defended her position and her principles,
she has been throughout her history the ob-
ject of aspersion and assault on the part of
her opponents. It was not unnatural it should
be so, because she was and is a pioneer and
propagandist of that which she esteemed to be
right. She has been from the first a party to
the principal controversies, civil and religious,
which have agitated this continent, and al-
ways, as we believe,for the largest liberty which
she deemed consistent with the safety of free
government. What I desire to say is in refer-
ence to the allusions here made to her history,
and in making this declaration I am aware that
I am taking a very great risk, because I have
not had an opportunity to verify and justify by
authority my assertions, that the doctrine of
religious, or, as it is called, "soul liberty," was
not brought in direct question daring the
controversy between Roger Williams with the
people of the Massachusetts colony. When he
left the colony of Massachusetts, in 1638. to
found the State of Rhode Island, under the
sentence of banishment, there had been by
her or by him no question whatever of soul
liberty or religious liberty propounded, as the
foundation of their differences or disagreement.
And, of course, entertaining this conviction, it
would be unjust to myself, to my colleagues,
and to the State which I in part represent, if
I did not make this declaration here and now.
Sir, I give a hearty concurrence to every
sentiment which has been announced by the
honorable and eloquent gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Eames J in regard to the character
of Roger Williams. He was one of the most
distinguished and eminent men of his time.
His career might well be the prized glory of j
any commonwealth or of any society, whether ;
political or religious. His history stands forth
before the world as unsurpassed by that of any
other man of any other time, in so far as he
has been the pioneer or the founder of great
political and religious doctrines, which, through
his exertions and those of his successors,
have become established and venerated truths
throughout our own and many other lands.
When Roger Williams came to the colony of
Massachusetts, a year after its settlement, in
1831. he was received with glad acclaim ty
all the people of that colony. Knowing that
he was on board the vessel that brought them
provisions as well as friends, they were rcjoiced
with exceeding joy, A day which had been
appointed for a day of fasting and prayer was
changed to a day of thanksgiving, the first j
of the days of thanksgiving now annually j
observed by the General Governmentas by all j
the States of the Union. Mr. Williams was a j
man of well-established reputation as aseholar, '
an eloquent preacher, and a self-devoted and j
fervent Christian. He came amid the greatest !
depression which ever rested on the colony.
There never was a darker period than that
which immediately preceded the arrival of
Roger Williams in Massachusetts, and there
was no disagreement between him and them
or the cause which he represented, and that in
which they believed, and which they endeav-
ored to establish for themselves and their suc-
cessors. Their government, as I have said,
was one of a practical character. They had
conceived, when in England, that the Church
of England, had become corrupt and unjust to
them in denying their liberty and the reiigious
privileges to which they believed themselves
entitled.
Leaving England they established them-
selves in Holland, where they enjoyed for a
time the rights of religious liberty which they
claimed ; and when the attention of the world
had been called to the English settlements in
the New World they proposed to go to the New
World, because there they could establish in
greater perfection and greater freedom their
civil and religious theories. They made the
Church the foundation of their State. They did
not reject, as the honorable gentleman from
Rhode Island has already said, the Church of
England, but they hoped to reform its errors
and practices. Nor did they repudiate the
Government of England. They derived their
charter and the titles to their lands from that
Government, and they traced to her rulers all
that they regarded as important and necessary
to them in the foundation of their struggling
colony. Mr. Williams differed with them in
regard to their government on many import-
ant points. In the first instance he denied
their title to their land. They claimed to
obtain their title from the king of England.
He declared, and he maintained his declar-
ation persistently and ably, that the king of
England had no power to give to the col-
onies a title to the land, and that there could
be no valid title or just title that was not
derived from or at least consented to by the
Indians. Of course the Puritans, who held
their land titles from the Crown of England,
could not admit the denial of that title which
was made in this public manner, and which,
if admitted, would unsettle, not only the rights
of the State, but ihe rights of individuals who
held from the State.
There is nothing more likely to unsettle and
destroy a State than the denial of its legitimate
authority, and the invalidation of its title to
the homes, lands, and property of its people.
Mr. Williams also opposed vehemently the
custom then established of a conference be-
tween the ministers who had been ordained in
the different settlements in the colony. It was
a foretaste, he thought, of an ecclesiastical
hierarchy, and he denounced it. He held that
their church was not one with which Christian?
could communicate, inasmuch as it received its
authority from the Church of England, which
he condemned. He thus assailed the very
foundation of the State by denying the authen-
ticity or Christian character of their church.
They, of course, were compeHed to resist him.
He went so far as to say that in Christian
assemblies the women should be veiled, which
was less agreeable to the Puritans than it would
now be to their descendants, the Yankees.
Such doctrines could not be acceptable by
people of that State, or, at any rate, not by
tlie descendants of the Pilgrims who remain
there. [Laughter.]
He refused to join the congregation at Bos-
ton because they would not make public dec-
laration of repentance for having communion
with the churches of England while the colo-
nists were living in England. He held that
magistrates could not punish a breach of the
Sabbath. He dared not, as he said, officiate, to
unseparated churches, as he found them to be
upon examination and conference. He denied
the right of magistrates to punish idolatry, per-
jury, blasphemy or Sabbath-breaking. It was
believed that by his teachings he had led some
of the colonists to cut the red cross from the
fla? of the colony, which, if it had been sus-
tained, would have involved the question of
their independence of the mother country, for
which, of course, the colonists were not then
ready. Alter he had publicly recanted his
denial of the title ofthe colonists to their lands,
it was alleged that he had broken his promise
by again publicly teaching against the king's
patent, and the great sip of their claiming right
thereby to this country, which belonged of right
to the Indians. Ho was charged with denying
the right of the colony to administer an oath to
any unregenerate or unconverted person which
had especial political significance, because the
