314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
IIo. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Kerr.
42i> CONU—2D SESS.
per cent., and for soldering metals, on which,
if made of copper, their protection is forty-
five per cent.; and if iron, sixty to eighty per
cent.; and if albata plate, forty-five per cent.;
and if sheet iron for making tin plates, fifty-
seven to sixty-five per cent. ; and if coating
for iron wire, seventy to seventy-five per cent..
I will assume there is no "job" in this reduc-
tion; but, curiously enough, it operates to
give additional protection to Pennsylvania
iron manufacturers, covertly and cunningly.
The manufacturers of all these things in which
they use these forms of tin can then charge
sumers to pay such scandalous prices ? Are
the prohibitory duties imposed to support a
greedy monopoly in the exaction of uncon-
scionable tribute from the people? Is there
not a "job" here? Why do the minority
refuse to make any reduction on copper? The I
pretense that such duties are imposed for rev-
enue is mere bald and baseless assumption.
In section twenty-two of the minority bill
(U. It. 2348) it is provided that ship-builders,
for the construction of wooden ships to be sold
to foreigners, or employed in foreign trade,
may import in bond without duty lumber,
just as much for their already highly pro- j! timber, copper, and iron and steel in various
tected products as if they paid duty on their tin. !> it.
They leduce the duty on nutmegs, Zante cur-
rants, raisins, and figs about two million dol-
lars. Why? Because these things are not
produced in this country, and nobody can be
protected by a duty on them. They only pay
revenue, and they are chiefly consumed by the
rich; they are luxuries. But making the duty-
lower on them enables the protectionists to
retain that much more on iron, steel, copper.
nickel, woolens, and cottons, on leather, hides 'j munificent bounty paid them by their fellow
forms, and then it adds:
And an allowance shall be made upon all arti-
cles produced in the United States, actually used in
the building of such ships after the 'passage of this
act, equal to the duties imposed by law upon like
foreigu articles imported iato this country; and
shall be paid from any money in the Treasury not
i otherwise appropriated.
I Thus the authors of this bill confess that
| their protected friends who make copper, iron,
I steel, and lumber, are not content with the
and lumber, and on carpets, blankets, and
hats. There is consistency in all this, but it
is the consistency of cupidity in its greedy pur-
suit of whatever can gratify its insatiate thirst
for gain.
There is a rapid advance in the demand for,
and in the prices of, metals of all kinds
throughout the world. To this truth copper
is no exception. Its production in England j
steadily increased under free trade until the
deposits became greatly exhaust ed, and the min-
ing so expensive that it could be more cheaply
obtained m Chili aud other countries. It is
not true that the mining was injuriously
affected or checked by free trade. Copper in in-
gots in London at last accounts was ninety-seven
pounds sterling per ton, being over twenty cents
gold per pound. If we had free trade in cop-
per, it could be imported and sold inNew York
at twenty-five cents currency per pound. But
copper now sells in New York at forty to
forty-five cents per pound. None is imported.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman ought to
state that that is not done on the part of those
concerned in the manufacture of copper, but
'by commercial men who have hoarded the ar-
ticle up and seek to make what in commercial
parlance is called a "corner" in copper.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
must not undertake by that kind of suggestion
to break the force of the statement I make to
this House. I say now to him, the House,
and the country, that these prices are the result
of as soulless and oppressive a monopoly as
ever did violence, to the rights of the people,
or ever disgraced the men engaged in the pro-
duction of anything needed by industry, civil-
ization, or progress in tbis country.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that a more formidable
and scandalous conspiracy never did disgrace
this country than that in the article of copper.
Mr. Greeley, in the Tribune of February 8, of
thisyear, tells the people of this country, truth-
fully, no doubt, that copper can be manufac-
tured in this country at thirteen cents per
pound, whereas it is now selling in New York
at from forty to forty-five cents per pound.
In addition, and in the teeth of these scandal-
ous exhibitions, these gentlemen who manu-
facture copper in this country have exported
over six millions of pounds during the past year
to foreign countries, where they have sold it
for not more than twenty cents a pound in gold.
The duty collected on this article during the last
fiscal year amounted only to $165 80. Is that
a duty imposed for revenue purposes ? If not
for revenue, then it is for bounty, for robbery
aud corruption.
Why should millions of pounds bo annually
exported by the very men who, with the aid
of a prohibitory tariff compel American con-
citizens on all their products consumed at
home and in our own use, but they demand
in addition that the tax-ridden people of the
United States shall be still further taxed at
the rate of about a million a year in order to
enable a few ship-builders to make and sell
cheap ships to foreigners. But these gentle-
men stubbornly refuse to suffer American citi-
zens to go abroad and buy cheap ships of
foreigners. Under the policy of protection
foreigners may eujoy the blessed boon of cheap
ships, cheap production, cheap tools, cheap
necessaries of life, at the expense of Amer-
icans, but Americans mustpiod on under high
prices and high taxes in order that the pets
of protection, the purse-proud recipients of
extorted and dishonestbounty, may grow richer
and more powerful. Is there any "job" in
all this for the benefit of Pennsylvania? This
is the way protective tariffs and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would "stimulate" com-
merce. It is an impressive fact that all the
policy of the authors of this minority bill points
with unerring directness toward bounty, trib-
ute, plunder for their friends. Every tariff
for protection is of necessity a "job."
My colleague from Tennessee boastfully re-
fers to the fact that more tonnage was built in
this country during the last three years than
during the three years which immediately pre-
ceded 1861. That may be true in one sense ;
but why did he omit to inform the House that
almost all the tonnage built duriug the last
three years was for the coasting trade—a trade
in which under our restrictions and protective
navigation laws there is the most abominable
system of monopoly in such commerce thatnow
disgraces any nation in the world? Other na-
tions have thrown open their coastwise com-
merce to the freest competition, and thus their
citizens have been enabled to enjoy cheaper
transportation and greater prosperity and free-
dom in their exchanges. England and other
nations have set us this wise and worthy ex-
ample. On the other hand, the tonnage
erected in our country in the years preceding
1861 was in very great part for foreign com-
merce. If we abate now the gross excesses of
"protection" under our tariff, our ship-yards
could again compete with those of other coun-
tries. Why did my colleague forget to state
these facts in this order? They are import-
ant, but they damage his theory.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania can find
in the bill of the majority but one provision
that he dares to call a "job." But to the
honor of the majority it should be remem-
bered that that alleged job consists in a plain,
honest proposition to reduce the duty on cer-
tain^ kinds of ribbons used by all the people
from sixty to fifty per cent. Why is it opposed
and denounced by protectionists? Because
the duty on such ribbons, whether of silk
alone, or of silk and cotton, is a piotective
duty, there are such ribbons made in tins
couutiy, and therefore the people, the women
and girls, must be prohibited from buying
them cheap of anybody else. Those lew
imported pay enormous duty to the Treasury,
but on those made m this country the people
who use them pay enormous tubute to the
manufacturers, and the latter pay nothing to
Treasury.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania protects
that he wishes to legislate in the interests of
the whole country; and he boasts of the com-
fortable homes of his bounty-fed neighbors,
their well-furnished parlors, their pianos, and
other musical instruments, and their comtort-
able houses lighted with gus, supplied with
hot and cold water, well carpeted, aud tilied
with convenient and handsome furniture. If
this boast is well founded, whose bounty
enables them thus to enjoy life? If in these
professions he is sincere, why does he not
offer to reduce the taxes and bounty paid
by the people on all those things which
are indispensable to tile general prosperity,
happiness, and improvement of the people ?
Why does he cling with c,uch hungry tena-
city to grossly protective taxes on copper,
iron, steel, lumber, leather, all kinds of cloth-
ing, carpeting, earthenware, glassware, and
nearly everything that protectionists manufac-
ture? Why does he constantly defend laws
which discriminate against agriculture ? Is he
willing that the common people of the South
and West, the millions of common laborers,
mechanics, and farmers a'l over the country,
may live in log huts, poor-houses, with no par-
lors, no carpets, no pianos, no comforts beyond
the hard necessities of mere life aud toil? Does
he want to keep them in such conditions by
compelling them to pay bountiful tribute to
the petted and pampered favorites of his State
and city? That is his way of legislating tor
" the whole country." 1 repel it, and denounce,
it as unjust, sectional, selfish, and lawless. I
plead for the poor, for the sons of toil, for the
"hewers of wood and the drawers of water, '
and demand equal laws, equal burdens, tax-
ation for revenue only, and justice for all.
Mr. Chairman, it seems forgotten by the
people that in 18ti0, when the country was
in all its industries and interests most pros-
perous, the average of duties on all dutiable
imports was but nineteen and three quarter per
cent., and on all imports, both dutiable and free,
it was only fourteen and a half per cent. Even
under the Whig tariff of 1842 it was only
twenty-eight and one tenth per cent, on all
dutiable imports. Now on dutiable imports
it is forty eight and a half per cent., and on all
imports it is forty-two per cent. What was
the cause of this greedy advance ? Not the
want of revenue, for lower rates would produce
much more revenue. The ostensible causes
were the war, the excise taxes, "loyalty,"
and the depreciation of our currency. The
war ceased in 1865. The excise taxes were
all repealed in or before 1868, except those
on spirits, tobacco, fermented liquors, banks,
stamps, incomes and gas. Not one of these
rests as a direct burden upon production.
The last three alone affect it indirectly and
to the most inconsiderable extent. The
total amount of excise taxes paid by the
people in 1866, 1867, and 1868, on articles
and occupations then taxed, but now and
sitice 1868 exempt, was $274,832,442 77.
This vast burden was removed nearly four
years ago. With it was removed every sound
reason or decent pretext for maintaining tho
tariff at rates above those of 1860. At the
rates in 1860, with the increased importations,
the Treasury could realize as much revenue as
should be collected from customs.
