1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3055
fegley, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peek,
'erce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Prindle. Rainey, Ellis
[. Huberts, Rusk, Sargent, Scolield, Seeley, Ses-
tons, Sheldon, Sloss, H. Boardnnui Smith, John A.
mitii, Thomas J. Speer, vSprague, Starkweather,
'uthill, Twiehell, Upson, Wakeman, WatJcn, M al-
..jtiie, Walls. \Viieelor, Wiliard, Williams ol Indiana,
: nd John T. Wilson - 87.
;"NAYS— Messrs. Adams. Arthur. Banks, Beck,
..'Jell, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Cald-
well, Cogtilan, Coimngo, Catcher. Crocker, Cross-
,land, Davis, Dickey, I)ox, Ducll, Duke, Ely, Partis-
"worth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Getz, Griffith, Hnlde-
inan, Handley, Hanks, llarmer, Harper, jUay, Here-
ford, Heindou, iiibbard, Kerr, McClelland, McCor-
mick, McHenry, Melntyre, McJunkin, McKinney,
McNeely, Mercur, Merrick. Benjamin 3b\ Meyers,
Morphis, Orr, Packer, Hosea \V. Parker, Eli Perry,
.potter, Pnco, Randall. Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Rogers,
Shanks, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Snyder,
Storm, Sutherland, Taffe, Terry, Turner, Tyner,
Vauglian, Whitthorrie, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer,
Barber, Barnum, Bairy, Beatty, Boles; Bright,'
-James Brooks. Campbell, Carroll, Freeman Clarke,
Couner, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Darrall, De Large, Du
Bose, Eldrcdge, Charles Foster, Henry i>. Foster,
Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, llambleton, Hancock,
".George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hays, Holtnan,
King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lewis,
Mauson, Marshall, McCiary, MeKee, Mitchell, Mor-
-ffln, Niblaek, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Poiter,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Shellabarger, Shober,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Soapp, R. Milton
Speer, Stevens Stevenson, Stoufrhton, Stowell,
Strong, St. John, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Van Trump,
Yoorhees. Wuddeil, Waldron, Warren,Weils,"White-
.ley, and Williams of New York—76,
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
During tlie call of the roll,
*• Mr. ACKER said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Waddell, of North Carolina.
If he were here he would vote '"ay," and I
would vote '• no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report of the com-
mittee of conference was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■ Mr. KILLINGER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
. Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask unanimous
consent to have a reference changed.
Mr. COBURN. And I desire unanimous
consent for the same purpose.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on the regular
order.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House, the session of to-morrow will be
for debate only as in Committee of the Whole,
no business whatever to be transacted. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Rusk] will
take the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
And thereupon (at three o'clock and fifty-
five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petition of Charles
Michails, asking compensation for loss of time
and expenditures while under arrest as a
drafted rpcruit.
_ By Mr. SARGENT: The petitions of 550
citizens of California, praying for the exten-
sion of suffrage to women.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented an-
; der the rule, and referred to the appropriate
r; committees:
* By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Jonathan
Wyman Lovejoy, of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying a pension.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of J. T.
; Newcomer, praying indemnity for a horse
•: taken by the U uited States forces at Shelby-
' ville, Tennessee.
By Mr. BUTLEli, of Tennessee: The peti-
•' tion of Mrs. Sara Duke, of Greene county,
- Virginia.
, By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of N. L. Avery, asking the passage of
l- House bill No. 1738, to increase pensions to
;• disabled soldiers.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of James M.
r| Duppin, Nathan Wright, William H. Sloan,
I and 05 others, citizens of Crawford county,
Indiana, and ex-soldiers in the late war, ask-
i ing bounty land and equalization of pay, &c.
IN SENATE.
Saturday,, May 4, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, D. C. '
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
pottawatomie and shawnee indians.
- The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 988) to provide
homes for the Pottawatomie and absentee
;Shawnee Indians in the Indian territory, Mr.
; Buckingham, Air. Harlan, and Mr. Steven-
son.
v house bill referred.
^he bill (H. R. No. 263G) for the relief of
Red' Bear, a chief of Pembina band of Chip-
pewa Indians, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
fannie m. jackson.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives, non-concurring in the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2042) for
the relief of Fannie M. Jackson, of Tennes-
see, and requesting a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
The request of the House was concurred in ;
and the Vice President was, by unanimous
consent, authorized to appoint the conferees
on the part of the Senate, and Mr. Howe,
Mr. Scott, and Mr. Cooper were appointed.
petitions and memorials,
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Annie E. Paige, praying compensation for
cotton destroyed by fire while in possession of
the Government of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the counties of Cayuga and Tompkins, New
York, praying the passage of Senate bill No.
939, for tlie relief of William H. Akins and
Jacob D. Felthousen; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
He also presented a memorial of officers,
soldiers, sailors, and marines who have been
in the service of the United States, praying
to be allowed to sell or assign their interests
in certain lands granted to them by a recent
amendment of the homestead act: which was j
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the Senate will
be good enough to take up the district school
bill, with the understanding that it be passed
over informally for morning business.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not want to object
to the bill, but I must leave the Chamber for
a moment, and therefore I ask to be allowed
to rid myself of two or three petitions.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the bill
being taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I will ask the
Chair to be good enough to recognize me as
soon as the morning business is over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take notice of the request.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 make a similar request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not make any promises. He must under the
rule recognize whoever first rises.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
deputy United States marshals for the south-
ern district of New York and criers attached
to the couits in that district, praying an in-
crease of salaries; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary,
He also presented a memorial of officers,
soldiers, sailors, and marines who have been
in the service of the United States, praying
to be allowed to sell or assign their interests
in certain lands granted to them by a recent
amendment of the homestead act; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented four petitions of
soldiers and sailors, in favor of the passage
of the bill incorporating the National Union
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Train-
ing-School Association ; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a memorial ofthirty-
one business firms, who use two hundred and
fifty sewing-machines in their business in the
city of New York, remonstrating against the
extension of the patent of A. B. Wilson on
sewing-machines; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. BO REMAN presented the petition of
James M. Laidley, of Charlestown, West Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, some
mornings since, as representing the Commit-
tee on Territories, I had a bill before the Sen-
ate approving an act of the Legislative Assem-
bly ot the Territory of Dakota. I ask that by
unanimous conseut it may be taken up now
and passed upon. 1 think those gentlemen
who made opposition to it heretofore have
become satisfied that the bill ought to pass
with some slight amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia asks for the consideration
at the present time of the bill affirming a
legislative act of the Territory of Dakota.
Mr. POMEROY. Has it been amended?
Mr. SUMNER. I must object to that until
the school bill is acted upon.
Mr. BOREMAN. I never have objected
to the consideration of the school bill. This
is a matter of as much importance to the peo-
ple of the Territory of Dakota, I apprehend,
as the school bill is to a certain class of peo-
ple in this District. I cannot understand why
the Senator from Massachusetts objects to the
consideration of this bill. It is certainly not
antagonistic to the District school bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that I have
ever made an objection before during twenty
years of service here; but I have tried every
morning to press a most important bill upon
the Senate: but one after another has objected.
Now I shall insist that everything shall come
up in its regular order, on motion, until my
bill is acted on.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will just say to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that I have never
made any objection to the consideration of his
bill. I am willing to have it considered at
any moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are still
in order.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of
Michael Mahon, late of the seventh United
States infantry, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of ,S. B.
Alexander and 0. H. Gadsden, of Florida,
praying indemnity for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801 ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of the city
government of Jacksonville. Florida, relative
to the improvements of the bar of St. John's
river, Florida; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
reports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have had before them a petition and
a bill accompanying it which was not read in
the Senate, supplementary to an act entitled
'' An act to secure homesteads to actual set-
