2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
that Congress has over this District; but when
yoa go beyond the confines of this District, the
only guarantee that the property-holders have
is in the virtue and 111 the intelligence of the
masses.
Property can only secure itself beyond the
reach of taxation and beyond the reach of
enterprises of this character when that guar-
antee is admitted in the letter of the Consti-
tution itself, and that is the ease in many States
of the Union ; but even when that guarantee
is established by the Constitution itself, that
Constitution is the creature of the people and
can be broken down by them, and the voice
of the people can reach the property-holder
and can demand that that property shall yield
its portion of the necessary revenue for the
support of the Government and for the devel-
opment of the resources of the country.
But to return again to the subject before the
Senate ; I cannot see that there is any practi-
cal virtue in the amendments that have been
offered by gentlemen. We first provide that
the consent of the of Governor and the Board
of Public Works shall be had. That consent is
already implied in the vote we have already
seen ou this subject, where twelve thousand
votes were cast in favor of this proposition
and but six hundred against it. Bui, the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey says there are
some twenty-five thousand voters in this Dis-
trict, and those who remained away are pre-
sumed to be against the proposition. X submit
that the presumption is just the other way. If
they remained away, and took 110 interest, they
are not entitled to be heard here. It is only
those who came forward and manifested their
will on this subject that we are entitled to listen
to. If the election was declared, published,
and made known to the people, and certain
persons stayed away from the ballot-box and
refused to express themselves, they would not
ordinarily be entitled to be heard in court;
they have let their day pass.
But, sir, we are informed that twelve thou-
sand voters in this District voted for this sub-
scription and but six hundred against it. That
is a circumstance going to show what the
judgment of the people of the District is upon
this question. We take it as an evidence of
the feasibility, of the propriety of this enter-
prise, and now if Congress in giving its assent
to this legislation will require that I hero shall
bo at least tweutj'-five miles of the road built,
or if you please thirty miles, or a sufficient
amount of road built to guaranty the city in
the $000,000, the company can bank upon
that capital; it can mortgage the ro.id then,
and wilh Us mortgage bonds go forward to its
completion; the city is secure; the stock-
holders are secure: and the people are guar-
antied in the construction of I he road.
If the amendments now pending are voted
down, my friend from South Carolina will
offer the amendment. 1 have described, and I
will vote for that; but I can see no practical
value in voting l'or the amendments now before
the Senate, 1 submit this as my judgment in
the matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Afier con
sulfation with the Senator from Nevada, find-
ing it will be satisfactory to him, I modify the
amendment I proposed so as to require 1,000, -
000 instead of twice the amount of this sub-
scription lobe subscribed by individuals, and
also by adding the further proviso which wa3
offered by him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Eerry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Vermont modifies the amendment to the
amendment, and it will be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, That no part of the said sub-
scription by said District shall be paid until
®l,00u,(j00 shall have been subscribed by private
parties ;md actually paid in cash and expended in
the construction of the road: And provided further.
That the saiu Piedmont.and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany shall enter into bonds in the bum of $>800,000,
with good and sufficient individual sureties, to be
approved by the Governor of the District of Colum-
bia and the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, conditioned for the repayment, with inter-
est, of the money subscribed t,o the capital stock of
the said company, if the said company shall fail to
complete the said road for the running of cars within
three years from the acceptance of the $600,000 to be
subscribed by the said District; and no part of such
subscription shall bo paid until said bond be given,
approved, and filed in the office of the secretary of
the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend the Senator
from Nevada, if he drew this proviso, did not
read it carefully. The proviso which the Sen-
ator from Nevada offers is in this form :
That the said railroad company-
Naming it—
shall enter into bonds in the sum of £800,000, with
good and sufficient surety, to be approved by the
Governor of the District of Columbia ank the Sec-
retary of the United States, conditioned for the re-
payment of the money subscribed to the capital
stock of said company.
Mr. STEWART. Subscribed by the Dis-
trict.
Mr. POMEROY. They have got to bind
themselves to make good every subscription
in case the road is not built. It is not this
limited subscription.
Mr. STEWART. We will not discuss about
that. If it is necessary to make that definite,
I will insert the words "by the District."
Mr. POMEROY. The way it reads now
these individual sureties are to guaranty all
the stock subsciibed.
Mr. STEWART. 1 wish the Senator from
Vermont would pay attention to the verbal
criticism of the Senator from Kansas, and
make any necessary correction.
Mr. POMEROY. These sureties who go
oil the bond of the company to guaranty the
completion of the road are, according to this
language, to bind themselves for the repay-
ment of the money " subscribed for the cap-
ital stock of said company."
Mr. NYE. It means "by the District."
Mr. POMEROY. It does not say so. It
is for all the money subscribed; it is for
the entire subscription that these individual
guarantors are to go bail. I do not want
to offer hostility to this bill, but I think
another form of guarantee is much better.
There are very few prudent individuals who
would guaranty a corporation obligation to
the amount of $800,000, even if it is only
limited to that, that a road of this character
shall be completed in three years. It seems
to me to be an awkward and strange form of
guarantee to make the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy and the Governor of this District certify
I hat certain individuals have guarantied the
corporate bonds of this company for the repay-
ment of this money in case the road is not
built. I never have seen prudent, responsible
individuals yet who would go upon such a
guarantee as that.
Mr. STEWART. If they will not give the
guarantee the city will keep its money.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe it is fatal to the
objcct the Senator has in view. My own
opinion is that unless this is a close corpora-
tion, so that the guarantors have the contracts,
and the whole thing is kept in the hands of the
guarantors, it is fatal to the building of the
road.
Mr. CALDWELL. I wish to get some
information in regard to the meaning of that
guarantee. I did not hear it read. I want
to know whether the intention is to have a
guarantee that will require the repayment of
this money to the city.
Mr. POMEROY. The language is that
these private sureties shall guaranty the bond
of the company for the fulfillment of this con-
tract to build the road in three years, or that
they will repay the money if the road is not
built. That is to be the guarantee of private
individuals on a corporation bond.
Mr. CALDWELL. Then I understand ih>u
the guarantee is simply to insure the comple-
tion of the road. Am I right in that?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. CALDWELL. I do not want to enter
into the discussion of this bill, but I wish to
say just one word about the guarantee. If the
object is to get a guarantee that the road will
be completed, it strikes me that the city can
get no guarantee that will be as good as the
money.
I have heard it suggested, I think, by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. At.Corn,] that
an amendment should be offered requiring this
railroad company to build twenty-five miles of
the road from a point opposite this city west-
ward, before the city shall be required to pay
this money. In my opinion that is the best
guarantee which this city can have for the com-
pletion of the road, because it will require at
least from seven hundred and fifty to eight
hundred thousand dollars, and perhaps a mil-
lion dollars to build twenty five miles of this
road. If that amount of money actually goes
into the road, I think that no better guarantee
could be given that the rest of the road would
be completed. I think, therefore, that for the
protection of the city some such amendment as
the Senator from Mississippi suggested should
be adopted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That does not
interfere with this.
Mr. CALDWELL. I suppose not; but if
the purpose be to insure the completion of the
road, if I am voting on my judgment, I should
certainly vote for the amendment I refer to in
preference to the one now spoken of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada, as amended by the Senate.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask to have the amendment
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
modified, as follows :
Provided further, That no part of the said subscrip-
tion by said District shall be paid until $1,01)0.000
shall have been subscribed by private parties aud
shall have been actually paid in cash and expended
in the construction of the road : And provided further,
That thesaid Piedmont and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany shall enter into bonds in the sum ot $800,000, with
good andsufiieiontindividuai sureties to bo approved
by the Governor of the District of Columbia and
the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
conditioned for the repayment with interest of the
money subscribed to the capital stock of the said
company by the said District, if tho said company
shall fail to complete the said road for the running
ot cars within ttircc years ft om tho acceptance of the
§600,000 to be subscribed by the said District, and no
part of such subscription shall be paid until such
bond be given, approved, and tiled in the office of
the secretary of the District of Columbia.
Mr. LEWIS. I hope that amendment will
be voted down.
The amendment to the ameudmeist was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs oil the adoption of the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada, as amended by
the Senate.
The amendment., as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have an amendment
to offer to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, nevertheless, That the subscription here
ratified and agreed to shall not be made until at
least twenty-live miles of the said road shall be built
and fully equipped with rolling stock, said twenty-
five miles to be built from the Potomac westward.
I offer this amendment to insure the build-
ing of the road. My friend from Mississippi,
I believe, sufficiently explained it to make it
intelligible to Senators. If twenty-five miles
of the road are built, then with the addition
of $600,000 by the District subscription, and
by the sale of bonds which can be secured by
a mortgage on the road, the completion of the
road will be made certain. What we want is
that the tax-payers here shall have some guar-
antee for^ the money they pay out, before this
subscription is actually made. I can see no
objection to the amendment, and I think it
will guaranty the final building of the road.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LEWIS. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. I think this bill has beer
I sufficiently loaded down with amendments
