368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January II,
unable to live in the State of Rhode Island on
the principle upon which he himself had estab-
lished its government, and in Christian com-
munion with his own people. He conceived
that the Church of England, by her errors, had
forfeited all rights to Christian respect and ree-
cognition. He believed the only other church
was the Church of Rome, which, by her cor-
ruptions had forfeited the respect and love of
Christians; and inasmuch as there was no other
Christian organization regularly descended
from the Great Teacher, he thought it his duty
to withdraw from Christian connection and
association even with the churches of the State
whichhe himselfhad founded. Itwad an exem-
plification of his adherence to his right of pri-
vate judgment. It was an exemplification of
his principle of religious freedom. It also shows
the character of the man. If he could not
associate or hold intercourse with the church,
which he himself had established, and upon
which the State of Rhode Island was founded,
where the principle of religious liberty was in
such a marked degree recognized, how much
less could he remain in association or in Chris-
tian communion with those churches in Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. William? was of the greatest service to
the colonists of Rhode Island and of Massa-
chusetts by bis intercourse with the Indians;
yet it was his intercourse with the Indians
which made a substantial and important mat-
ter of difference between him and the early
colonists of Massachusetts. He lived much
with the Indians. It was his mission, as he
believed, to convert them to Christianity, and
it was his ambition and joy to obtain for this
purpose a knowledge of their languages. When
Governor Endicott and his soldiers thought it
was their duty to fight the Indians even to ex-
termination, as we hear said by soldiers even
in our own day, they doubtless encountered
in him an opponent of that policy. He, beyond
any doubt, by his acquaintance with the In-
dians, by his acquaintance with their language,
and by his familiarity with their habits, was
enabled to confer lasting benefits upon the
colonies.
It is understood that he obtained from
friendly tribes the ideas which first enabled
the Puritans to adopt proper methods of
defense against the attacks of the Indians.
He was the medium of intercourse between
the Indians and the colonists. In the recol-
lection of these great services we accord to
him the highest honor and the greatest ven-
eration, and the State of Rhode Island in
placing in the adjoining hall his statue has
conferred upon the people of the Union a
public benefit. We appreciate with them, the
high honors which are claimed for him and
to which he is beyond any doubt entitled.
When it is stated as the basis of that
manifestation of veneraiion for Williams that
which we do not understand to be strictly in
accordance with historic truth, that he was
expelled from our settlements by our ancestors,
the Pilgrim fathers, because they disagreed
with him on the question of religious liberty,
we ask leave, with all deference and with all
humility, to make the statement that they were
not in opposition in regard to that principle.
And I believe it will be found that from the
day when the Pilgrims first settled the colony
of Massachusetts to this day they have been
in favor of the largest liberty that could be
exercised by the people, consistent with the
safety of the State. They were the first to
uuderatand, to recognize, and observe that
great maxim, so little understood by other
nations, that a free country is a country wnere
a man cannot do as he pleases, and that the
highest liberty and the highest power in a
State can exist only where its citizens are
willing to deny themselves the enjoyment or
possession of those things they most desire,
rhfi Pilgrims recognized and practiced that
doctrine, and day by day, year by year, cen-
tury by century, they have enlarged the priv-
ileges of those living under the government
they have established, until at last Massachu-
setts, as Rhode Island, is among the freest of
the States of the world.*
MESSAGE PROM TIIJS SKNATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 484) making an appro-
priation to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for the expenses of the joint select
* " Such being some of the circumstances in which
the Massachusetts magistrates had their renewed
experience of Williams, it is not surprising if they
interfered again with their advice when it was pro-
posed to appoint him to the place lately vacated by
the death of Mr. Skelton. But the Salem church
persisted, and he was formally installed. A little
time only passed before the magistrates found cause
to complain of him for having broken his promise
in teaching publicly against the king's patent, and
our great sin in claiming right thereby to this coun-
try, &c., and for usual terming the churches of Eng-
land antichristian.' Next, the Governor and assist-
ants sent for him to answer to a charge of having
' taught publicly that a magistrate ought not to ten-
der an oath to an unregenerate person, for that they
thereby have communion with a wicked man in the
worship of God, and cause him to take the name of
God in vain;' a doctrine which, besides the embar-
rassment it offered to the common administration of
justice, had special political significance at a time
when it had been thought necessary to pass the acts
prescribing the 'freeman's oath5 and the "resident's
oath,' measures for securing allegiance to the colony,
in opposition, if that should prove needful, to the
king.
" Williams ' was heard before all the ministers,
and very clearly confuted.' A few days after, the
annual court of elections met, and, by a further
application o£ the new principle of rotation in
office, Mr. Haynes was chosen Governor, with Mr.
Bellingham, who had arrived ia the latt year, in
deputy Governor, and the same assistants a? form-
erly, except that Mr, Hough and Mr. Dummer
were added, and that Mr. Ludlow and Mr. Endi-
cott were left out, having given offense. It was
perhaps because the magistrates were disposed to
avoid the sole responsibility oi'the controversy with
Williams, th;it, at an adjourned meeting it was
taken up by the General Court. Part of the charges
which had been before made against him were
restated, with some amplifications, and 'time was
given to him and the church of Salem to consider
of these thing* till the next General Court, and then
either to give satisfaction to the court, or else to ex-
pect the sentence.' While the matter was thus pend-
ing, the town of Salem applied to the. magistrates
for a grant of Imd. '.But because they had chosen
Mr. Williams their teacher, while he stood under
question of authority, and so offered contempt to
the magistrates, their petition was refused.' Wil-
liams struck back. He caused his church 'to write
to other churches, to admonish the magistrates
of this as a heinous sin, and likewise the deputies.
When little attention was paid to this missive, Wil-
liams addressed a letter to his own church, moving
them torenounce all communication with the other
churchesof the colony—an act of isolation of which
hepre-^ently set an example by ceasing to commune
with them because they rejected his advice, and by
refusing to join m family prayers or grace at table
with his wife be.cause she continued to frequent their
communion. While the imputed intolerance of others
provoked Williams's vehement displeasure, he in-
dulged himself in the largest liberty of being exclu-
sive in ways of his own.
"The next Gener.il Court unseated the deputies
from Snlem till their constituents should apologize
for having 'exceedingly reproached and vilified the
magistrates and churches,' which was presently
done. The magistrates and deputies had now
brought to their meeting a persuasion that Williams
and their constituents could not advantageously live
together; which being assumed,it was clear that
h'i could much more easily remove than they.
Accordingly they passed the following order:
Whereas Mr. Roger Williams, one of the elders
of the church of Salem, hath broached and divulged
divers new and dangerous opinions against the au-
thority of magistrates, as also writ letters of defama-
tion both of the magistrates and churches here, and
that before any conviction, and yet maintaineth the
same without retraction: it is therefore ordered that
thesaid Mr.Williamsshall departoutofthisjurisdic-
! tion within six weeksnow next ensuing ,* which if he
{ neglect to perform it shall bo lawful for the Governor
i and two of the magistrates to send him to some place
I out of this jurisdiction, not to return any more with-
! out license from tnecourt.'"
i "The sound and generous principle of a perfect
j freedom of the conscience in religious concerns can
j scarcely be shown to have been involved in this dis-
| pute. There was no question upon dogmas between
i Williams and those who dismissed him. At a later
! period he was prone to capricious changes of roli-
I gious opinion. But as yet there was no development
i of this kind. As long as he was in Massachusetts he
j was no heretic, tried by the standard of the time
and place. He was not charged with heresy. The
I questions which he raised, and by raising which he
Committee on Alleged Outrages in the South-
ern States.
STATUE Off ROGER WILLIAMS.
Mr. EAMES. Mr. Speaker, I did not sup-
pose that what [said upon the present as ion
of this statue would have called forth the re-
marks which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] has just addressed to the House
1 desire to say that 1 have not spoken without
book on this matter, nor have I undertaken to
state anything which will not bear a careful
examination with regard not only to the char-
provoked opposition, were questions relating to
political rights and to the administration of gov-
ernment.
" Liberty in religion is a doctrine so consonant to
reason that it is spontaneously recognized by those
to whom its enjoyment is denied, though as soon aa
they acquire power they are tempted to be impa-
tient of contradiction, and to allow their perception
of the right to become confused. Roger Williams in
England had had some acquaintance with the Bap-
tists, who, for many years before his departure, bad
stated and maintained the doctrine in the most un-
qualified terms. When hereciossed the water, after
the outbreak of the civil war in England, he came be-
fore the English world in an honored discussion with
Cotton on the extent and sacredness of freedom of
conscience, in which he maintained correct opinions
on that great theme and defended them, allowing
for the rhetorical fashions of toe day, with clearness
and ability. But this was eight years after his ex-
pulsion from Massachusetts: and from Massachu-
setts he had been warned away, not by Cotton and
the ministers, but by the voice of a majority, at
least, of ten ministers and twenty-eight deputies
assembledin General Court; and their decree form-
ally recited its ground to be not theological dissent,
but civil turbulence, procedings hostile to the au-
thority of magistrates and defamation of magis-
trates and churches.
" Should it be believed that other considerations
had their weight in prompting the decree, still its
terms would sLow the important fact that a claim to
control the faith of the citizen was one which the
rulers could not venture to avow. But it would be
unjust to regard the ground of the General Court as
disingenuously taken. There is no reason to doubt
that, correctly or otherwise, they considered them-
selves to be proceeding in the way which the safety
and well-being of the colony as a civil co'mmunity
required. Thestatementof Cotton is entirely credi-
ble where he says: 'Two things there were which,
to my best observation and remembrance caused
the sentence of his banishment, and two others fell
in, that hastened it.'
"As the first of thesehe specifies Williams's * violent
and tumultuous carriage against the patent,' the in -
estimabl e foundation, as he proceeds to show in some
detail, of the privileges and property of thecolonists.
•As the second cause he names the strictly political
one, that4 when the magistrates and other members
of the General Court, upon intelligence of some Epis-
copal and malignant practices against the country,
made an order of court to take trial of the fidelity ot
the people, not by imposing upon them, but by offer-
ing to them an oath of fidelity, that in case any should
refuse to take it they might not retrust them with
place of public charge and command. This oath,
when it came abroad, he vehemently withstood it,
and dissuaded sundry from it, partly because it was,
as he said, Christ's prerogative to have his office
established by oath, and partly because an oath was
a part of God's worship, and God's worship was not
to be put upon carnal persons.' The occasions which
' hastened * the proceedings against him Cotton rep-
resents to have been Williams's appeal to tne
churches against the magistrates, and his renouncing
communion with the church of Salem on account of
its refusal to proceed with him in his disorganizing
measure5?."—Palfrey's History of Nexc England, pp.
410, 417.
"When the Quakers came in Williams's way he
was very impatient of what he thought their ill-
manners. 'These simple reformers arc extremely
ridiculous in giving 'thou' and 'thee ' to every-
body, which our nation commonly gives to famiiiars
only, and they are insufferably proud and contempt-
uous unto all their superiors in using 'thou' to
everybody. I have therefore publicly declared
myself that a due and moderate restraint and
punishing of these incivilities, though pretending
conscience, is so far from persecution, properly so
called, that it is a duty and command of God unto
all mankind,' "—George Fox Digged Out of hot Bur-
rowes, pp. 199, 290.
"The sentence of banishment, declared by the
General Courtlatein the autumn of 1(535,was in these
words: 4 Whereas Mr. Roger Williams, one of the
elders of the church at Salem, hath broached ind
divulged divers new and dangerous opinions against"
the authority of magistrates ; as also writ letters of
defamation, both of the magistrates aud churches
here, and that before any conviction, and yet main-
taineth the same without any retractation; it is there-
fore ordered, that the said Mr, Williams shall de-
part out of this jurisdiction within six weeks now
next ensuing, which, if he neglect to perform, it
shall be lawful for the Governor and two of the
magistrates to send biin to some place out of this
jurisdiction, not tq return any more without license
from the court.' "
