1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
words. What is the meaning of the words
"suitable" and "unsuitable" in this connec-
tion? These are terms of relative signifi-
cance. A flint-lock musket of the oldest pat-
tern would be suitable for the service it no
better arm could be procured. The worst arm
found in the arsenal, in the absence of a bet-
ter arm, would be of use. At the commence-
ment of the recent rebellion our Government
bought large numbers of old castaway arms
from Austria and Prussia. They were useless
in their service, because they had a better arm.
They were not useless to us, because we had
not enough of a better pattern, and these were
better than none. They were not considered
suitable for their service, and yet they were
put into the hands of our troops, and with
them to a very large extent they fought suc-
cessfully the battles of the Republic. But,
sir, they are now unsuitable for our service,
because we have a supply of a better arm.
Can any one doubt what was meant by
the use of the phrase "damaged" arms and
arms "otherwise unsuitable for the service?"
It must be understood to mean arms that
have been superseded by a better pattern.
The design of Congress must have been to
■authorize the Secretary of War to sell oft these
surplus arms of old pattern, less effective in
the hands of troops than the new arms, and to
put the proceeds of the sales in the Treasury
to aid in paying the national debt. And it
these Senators had taken the trouble to look
back to the debate that occurred in the House
of Representatives, they would have had no
doubt on the subject. This debate and the
report of the chief of ordnance read on that
occasion, as I find it in the Globe, make it
perfectly clear that the sale of surplus arms
of the old abandoned patterns was intended.
Nothing else was intended, ltwas notintended
to authorize the Secretary of War to sell merely
the old smashed-up arms as scrap iron to
founderymen, but to turn into coin or green-
backs the useless arms,.those that had been
superseded by a better pattern.
While I am on this subject I may remark
that the first law on this subject was enacted
in 1825. This, then, is merely a remedial
statute. The two Senators who have spoken
are lawyers. I need not tell them that when
they proceed to interpret a new law for the
purpose of ascertaining the intent of the law-
giver they must look back to the old law ; they
must ascertain what the evil was of which
complaint was made, and then interpret the
new law in the light of a remedy. Neither of
these Senators seems to have done -this. They
debate the question as if authority to tell arms
had been conferred for the first time by the
act of 18G8. And yet they must, have known
that these sales commenced in 1865, three
years earlier. It is therefore manifest that the
Secretary of War supposed he had the right
to sell arms before the statute of 1868 was
enacted; but under the old law and regulation
he was required to sell at public outcry. It
was found, however, by experience that under
this mode of sale bidders colluded to secure
bargains at the expense of justice, so that the
Department was frequently compelled to sus-
pend sales or permit the arms to go at less
than their mercantile value. To meet this
defect in the old law, in 1868 the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs of the House
introduced a bill, which has become the law
of the land, authorizing the Secretary of War
to sell at private as well as public sale when,
in his opinion the public interests required it.
But we are told that these sales were carried
ou at a time and under circumstances that
compromised our Government with a friendly
Power engaged in war with another Power
friendly to the United States.
It became my duty a few days since to state
in debate a pertinent fact on this point, which T
will here repeat. These sales began in 1865.
They were continued month after month and
year after year with but trivial interruptions up
to the present date. The sales were going ou
openly and publicly, at public outcry, until the
law of 1868 was enacted, and afterward both
publicly and privately. There was no con-
cealment of the fact that the Government was
selling off its surplus arms. It had an immense
amount of military stores at the close of the
war. I have a memorandum here, made for
me by the chief of ordnance this morning, in
which he says:
" At the ctose of the war in 1865 we had in store in
our arsenals no less than 1,357,587 serviceable arms.'
Not including those iu the hands of the
troops; and at that time we all know we had
more than a million men in the field, more
than a million men on foot, so that counting
those in the hands of the troops and those in
store, we must have had in excess of two mil-
lions arms that cost the Government in their
their production and purchase many millions
of money.
Under the laws of Congress, which not only
authorized, but directed the sale by the Sec-
retary of War—and I want to call attention to
that phraseology, "that the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be sold"—there is no
discretion on his part. He is but an executive
officer; he is not a lawgiver ; he is a servant
of the Republic to obey its behest as written
down in the statute-books of the nation. Con-
gress authorizes and directs him to make these
sales, and he proceeds to carry into effect this
command, like an obedient soldier, as he
always has shown himself to be, and has sold
such arms and put the proceeds into the Treas-
ury to the amount of many millions. Nearly
sixteen million dollars has gone into the Treas-
ury of the United States from the sales of these
arms.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
seemed to think that this was of little signifi-
cance. Well, sir, it may not be to him ; it
may not be to each one of very many thousands
of the more wealthy citizens of this Republic;
but it is a matter of some importance to the
mass of tax-payers of the nation whether the
property of the United States shall be permitted
to deteriorate on our hands and become abso-
lutely worthless, or whether it shall be coined
into money and put into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, to that extent enabling the Secretary
of the Treasury to sink the aggregate of the
national debt. But if there were any question
of property in this, that question has been su-
perseded on the part of the Secretary of War
by the command of the law-making power of
the nation. He is directed to make these sales,
of course exorcising his best discretion as to
the number of arms and the class of arms that
can be put into market without detriment to
the public interests.
But, it is said that we may have violated good
faith with other nations; we may have tram-
pled on the international code; we may have
in an international point of view violated good
morals by selling arms which found their way
into the hands of French soldiers during the
Franco-Prussian war. Prussia may have had
good cause to complain. No other Power
could. No other Power was in a condition to
complain. France surely would not complain.
The other great nations of the earth were at
peace with each other and with us. They had
no right to complain, and I have heretofore
shown that the Prussian Government did not,
after being made familiar with all the facts in
the case, complain. Residing near this Gov-
ernment, in the city of Washington, on terms
of easy intercourse with the Secretary of State
and through him with the President and other
officials, the Prussian minister made no com-
plaint. Learning that a sale had been adver-
tised, orthatbids were being received, he called
on the Secretary of War and expressed the
hope that time might be given for German
houses to put in bids. Is it not surprising that
that great and enlightened nation, represented
here by one of the first subjects of King Wil-
liam, should be acquainted with all the facts,
and yet put in no caveat, if in their opinion the
Government of the United States was tram-
pling on the international code ?
W e have been told here repeatedly that these
things have not.been done in a corner, that they
were known all over Europe, that all that we
are doing is known in Europe, flashed under the
ocean along the Atlantic cable, and overland
to the capitals of the great Powers. Well, if
so, the Prussia people knew all these facts;
the emperor was made acquainted with all the
facts that came to the knowledge of the repre-
sentative of that Government here. He knew
them all, and yet put in no protest; merely
asked that time might be allowed to German
houses to put in bids also, and, as I am reminded
by the honorable Senator from Michigan, the
time was granted by the Secretary of War.
But we have been told by the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri and the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, in the learned speeches
they have delivered here from time to time
during this debate, that Bismarck was made
acquainted with these facts, and they have
been so good as to repeat to the Senate his
resnonse to the effect that he had no wish to
purchase, that he could pick them up more
cheaply on the battle-field of France. Then,
it is clear that Bismarck knew that these sales
were in progress, and that these arms were
reaching France, and their representative here
knew it, and they put in no protest. They
were not aware that their rights had been
trampled on. They are presumed not to
have understood the rights of Prussia under
the international code. It has been left for
American Senators to make this discovery.
These Senators are not quite sure themselves,
as I infer from their citation, that Prussia has
cause of complaint. They think, though, there
is grave ground for suspicion; that is all 1
They wish it investigated by a committee of
the Senate.
I have but one other point to allude to, and
that was brought to the attention of the Senate
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
I believe, in the opening paragraph of his
speech. He informed the Senate and the
American people that through the vigilance of
certain Senators on this floor a corrupt ring
had been overthrown at New York.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I said an aroused com-
munity in the commercial metropolis had suc-
ceeded in overthrowing a corrupt ring. The
Senate had nothing to do with that.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator may be right.
I wrote down the Senator's statement at the
time as I understood it. But I will have no
dispute with him on that point; his memory
may be more reliable than my notes; and there
is no doubt now as to what he intended to say.
I understood him to refer to the so-called
custom-house frauds in New York.
This has been lugged into this debate day
after day now for some weeks. I believe no
speech has been made by the honorable Senator
from Missouri in which he has not brought in
a dissertation on the vast corruptions in New
York connected with the custom-house. Yes-
terday I endeavored with as much skill as I
possessed to bring him to a clear statement
of the facts. I knew he was familiar with
them, having served on a committee of invest-
igation, and I could not question his ability
to state them clearly and forcibly. I asked
him in what these corruptions consisted. He
informed the Senate that they consisted in the
first place in having bad men in office; but
when reminded that he and other Senators
were as responsible for the character of these
appointees as the chief executive officer of
the Government, as the chiefs in the custom-
house, at least, could not be appointed without
the advice and consent of the Senate, we were
told that the corruptions existed among sub-
