1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
acter of Roger Williams, but his connection
with the Puritans of Massachusetts. I can
accord very freely to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts almost everything that he asks in
their behalf in the position he has taken ; and
I venture to assert that if the gentleman will
read the remarks which I have made upon this
occasion he will not be able to find the
slightest charge made against them in any
way, with the single exception that I have seen
fit to say, very modestly indeed, that there
was a difference in opinion between Roger
Williams and the Puritans.
Mr. BANKS. On this question?
Mr. EAMBS. That there was a difference
in opinion between Roger Williams and the
Puritans upon questions relating to the civil
and church polity adopted by the Puritans.
And I repeat it, and I cite the authority of the
historian of the United States, Mr. Bancroft,
himself a distinguished citizen of Massachu-
setts, in relation to this matter, and the
conclusion to which he comes as to the con-
troversies which there were in Massachusetts
between Roger Williams and the Puritans dur-
ing the shoit time he remained on the soil of
Massachusetts. I speak from facts, authenti-
cated by history, on this matter, and if the hon-
orable gentleman who has seen fit to contro-
vert the statement I made will be kind enough
to examine the chapter of Bancroft on '• soul
liberty " he will find, I think, that I have not m
any way exaggerated in any statement I have
ventured to submit.
I know there were other differences of opin-
ion between Roger Williams and the Puritans.
I know that he held that the natives were
God's tenants of the soil, and that it was only
by title from them that any man had a right
lawfully to tread upon the soil either of Mas-
sachusetts or Rhode Island. I know that, but
it was no more than was recognized and acted
upon by the people of Massachusetts ; for
although they had their title from the crown
of England and claimed from the patents given
by the Government of England, they did not
themselves in practice recognize the idea that
this gave them a perfect title to the soil which
they were occupying. Roger Williams and the
people of Rhode Island, recognizing a litle in
the Indians, purchased from them in order that
they might have not only a legal but a moral
right to tread on the soil to which they had fled
on account of the persecutions to which they
had been subjected.
1 think, sir, what I have said in substance
has been this : that there were differences of
opinion between these parties; that these opin-
ions were in conflict wiih each other; thai one
or the other must yield in regard to those
differences; that, Williams stood alone in his
place, and that the magistrates and ministers,
on the other hand, were united. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Baxics | con-
cedes the point that so far as the government
of Massachusetts was concerned it was a union
of Church and State. And all I have asserted
is, that the great idea which Roger Willi,iras
asserted and maintained, and the mam thing
to which he devoted his life, was to snap asun-
der the bond which existed between Church
and State. I am perfectly willing, sir, to as-
sent to everything which the learned gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr Banks] has said in
praise of the Puritans. I entirely agree with
him in his remai-ks on that subject. But they
settled the colony of Massachusetts on a cer-
tain principle, and that principle was that the
Church and Stale should be united. And it
was there they came in conflict with Wi'liams,
because Williams believed that the Church and j
State should be absolutely separate; audit was
by reason of the conflict arising out of this
and other questions on which they disagreed
that Williams was, as I stated, expelled from
Massachusetts. It was utterly impossible for
Roger Williams, with the views he entertained,
and for the people of Massachusetts under
their laws and inaccordance with their church
42d Ooxfi. 2i> Resp.—No. 24.
polity, to agree. And it was because their
ideas were thus in conflict and could not be
reconciled, that Roger Williams was banished
from Massachusetts. It was because there
was this difference between them in relation
to tbe question of the union of Church and
State. That was the main question, in rela-
tion to which there was a difference between
them, and other matters arose incidentally
out of it I think the gentleman will find,
after examining the whole matter from begin-
ning to end, that what underlay the whole
difficulty was the claim setup in Massachusetts
to a union between the Church and the State,
and the desire on the part of Williams that
there should be a separation between the
two. And that was the principal reason why
ho was banished from the colony, as 1 say
of necessity, bccause his principles were in
conflict with the principles, both in regard
to Church and State, of the colony of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a single suggestion?
Mr. EAMES. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I would ask the gentleman
whether it is not an historical fact that after
Roger Williams had founded the colony of
Rhode Island, he himself desired that Mr.
John Winthrop, the Governor of Massachu-
setts, should be appointed Governor or dep-
uty president of his colony of Rhode Island,
thereby recognizing his own great respect
and friendliness to the head of the very
Government which had banished him?
Mr. EAMBS. I cannot answerthegentleman
positively as to the historical fact in regard to
the request alluded to. But I can say this,
that undoubtedly, during his whole life, Wil-
liams entertained for Governor Winthrop the
highest veneration and respect, as also for
Governor Winslow, ol Plymouth colony. I do
not deny these things, and the gentleman him-
self [Mr Baxkk] has stated that it was simply
an error of judgment on their part. That is
all 1 have undertaken to claim here. It was
simply an error of judgment on their part. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
argues that they did not intend to do anything
that was wrong at all in this matter. I do not
undertake to say that they did. On the con-
trary, I believe that they were as conscientious
in the course they pursued as Williams was in
the course he pursued. I only asserted, and I
icassert it, that the grand reason which under-
lay all the diliiculties between Williams and
the Puritans was that there was this difference
between them as to the union between Church
and State, and that tbe reason of his leaving
Massachusetts was because they and he could
not agree upon that, question.
Mr. BANKS. 1 listened with great atten-
tion to the remarks of the honorable gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Eames,] and I
distinctly understood this to be his declara-
tion: ihat Roger Williams lelt Massachusetts
under the sentence of banishment, because
he differed with them upon the question of
religious liberty, or the lights of conscience,
or soul liberty. Now, I rise to say that there
was no question as to his exercise of these
rights between Roger Williams and the Puri-
tan fathers; the question that he raised per-
tained to the political affaits of the Govern-
ment.
1 have not examined Mr. Bancroft. If I
had expected to have uttered a word, or ex-
pressed an opinion upon this subject, I would ,
have examined his work. But I venture to
say that the historical records of that period,
including Mr. Bancroft himself, (for if he
omits it Ins history is unfaithful upon that
point.) will substantiate me in the declaration
that ihe principle of religions liberty, of soul
liberty, of the rights of conscience above the
State, announced and established by Roger
Williams, and which we concede makes not
only the foundation, but the high honor of the
State of Rhode Island, was announced by him
as the only foundation for a State after he left
Massachusetts. The declaration stands as the
cap stone of the temple of liberty, for reli-
gious liberty is the cap-stone, not the corner-
stone, in that great temple. The corner-stone
was planted by the founders of Massachusetts,
the Pilgrim fathers, in the principles which
they lain down as the foundation of that colony.
Now, the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Eames] state? that the difference of opinion
between Mr. Williams and the colonial author-
ities was concerning the union of the Church
and State, and that I have so conceded in the
remarks I have made here to-day. Sir, he
certainly misunderstands me, and 1 believe he
misunderstands the history of this case. Roger
Williams did not oppose the union of Church
and State. My impression is that it will be
found that he never pronounced against the
Church as the foundation of the State in his
controversy with the authorities of Massachu-
setts. What he did was to declare that an
unseparated church; that is, a church that had
not separated itself absolutely and forever from
the Church of England, was not a church
which he could, as a Christian, or which
Christians should recognize. That was the
point. It was not in that Massachusetts there
should be no connection between Church
and State, but that there should be no union
between the Church of England and the colo-
nies planted in this country. He, himself,
recognized both the authority of the Church
of England and the authority of the Crown of
the British empire, after he had established
the State of Rhode Island, when he was sent
by its people as their representative to obtain
a charter for tliein.
The gentleman has said that Massachusetts
recognized the right of the Indians to the
land by their acts, and even the claims of the
native occupants of that land. Not in the
sense in which the gentleman speaks. They
believed their fide to be a good and valid title;
they administered upon that title in their courts
of justice, and they recognized it in their ordin-
ances as a title derived from the Crown of
England alone; but they found the Indians
occupying the land; they had either to fight
and destroy them or to buy a peace willi lliem.
Like wise men, as they were, they chose, in the
first instance and as far as they could, to buy a
peace with the original occupants of the land.
But, when they could no longer do that, they
took up their arms in battle and fought for
their possessions and for their liberty, as they
have done in other eases. It was not, as the
gentleman said, that 1 hey recognized, as Mr.
Williams claimed, that Great Britain had no
authority to grant them title to those lands.
Mr. EAMES. I did not say that.
Mr. BANKS. I understood the gentleman
to so assert.
Mr. EAMES. Not that Great Biitnin had
no authority to do that. They claimed a title
from the British Crown, but thev afteiward
claimed a title from the Indians. Is it not the
fact that they claimed a title from the Indians ?
Mr. BANKS. They made peace with the
Indians by treaties with them, and some indi-
vidual settlers purchased lands from the In-
dians. But in the limits of the colony of Mas-
sachusetts they did not recognize (hat they
held their title from the consent, of the Indians,
but from the Crown of Great Britain That was
the fundamental point of difference between
them and Mr. Williams. Yon deny a Yankee's
title to his land and you will have trouble, no
matter from whom he claims to hold the title.
[Laughter.]
I regret that I have b"eu led to say so much
upon this subject. But 1 believe that the
declarations 1 have made will be sustained by
the histotical records: for. sir. while we
concede fully the eminence of the State of
Rhode Island in all that makes apeople wise,
prosperous, and free, we cannot admit as
the basts of that honor reflection upon the
character of the settlers of Massachusetts
