1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
126S
ordinates who were not directly responsible to
the President of the United States ; but when
pressed on this point for facts, the honorable
Seuator finally informed the Senate that it
consisted in the bad conduct of two gentle-
men by the name of Leet and Stocking, who
he said were not officers of the Government
at all, but private citizens who controlled some
warehouses in New York where foreign goods
had been stored. Then I pressed him to know
what enormous evil thing these men had com-
mitted. I desired the exact facts; I wished
to learn, if I could, from him, the extent of
this enormity. In reply to this inquiry he
stated that they were entitled to receive from
seventy-five cents to a dollar and a half for
handling and storing goods by the package,
* and that it had been shown in some investi-
gation that they had in some cases charged
two dollars and possibly over two dollars a
package or bale for cartage and storage.
Now, what these supposed overcharges has
to do with the correction of the misconduct of
the officers of this Government it will be dif-
ficult for any Senator to perceive when I call
attention to the law and the facts. They were
not officers of the Government, but the owners
of warehouses, with whom the owners of im-
ported goods had made contracts to store their
wares, or where goods unclaimed by the
owners were stored by the collector of the
port. It may be well to''go to the bottom of
this subject. Let us see what the law is under
which this business is done. I ask the Secre-
tary to read from the Statutes-at-Large, volume
ten, page 271, section two of an act to extend
the warehousing system by establishing private
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes,
approved March 2§, 1864.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That unclaimed
goods, wares, or merchandise required by existing
laws to be taken possession of by collectors of the
customs, may be stored_in any public warehouse
owned or leased by the United States, or in any pri-
vate bonded warehouse authorized by this act, and
all charges for storage, labor, and other expenses
accruing on any such goods, wares, or merchandise,
not to exoeed in any case the regular rates for such
objects at the port in question, must be paid before
delivery of the goods on due entry thereof by tho
claimant or owner; or if sold as unclaimed goods to
realize the import duties, the aforesaid charges shall
be paid by tho collector out of tho proceeds of the
sale thereof before paying such proceeds into the
Treasury as required by existing laws. And any
collector of the customs is hereby authorized, under
such directions and regulations as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, to sell, upon due
notice, at public auction, any unclaimed goods,
wares, or merchandise deposited in public ware-
house, whenever the same may from depreciation
in,value, damage, leakage, or other causp, in the
opinion of such collector, be likely to prove insuffi-
cient on a sale thereof to pay the duties, storage,
and other charges if suffered to remain in public
store for the period now allowed by law in tho case
of unclaimed goods."
Mr. HARLAN. This I understand to be
the latest law on the subject. It will be per-
ceived that the evil complained of by the
honorable Seuator from Missouri, when nar-
rowed down, is that Leet and Stocking charge
two dollars, or something in excess of two
doyars a package for goods stored with them
by the consent of the owner, or unclaimed
goods stored with them by direction of the
collector of customs, when they were limited
in some way to only seventy-five cents or a
dollar and a half per package. But the law
says nqthing about ft maximum price, and the
Senpite nwy possibly remember that I attempted
yesterday to press an answer from the honorable
Senator from Missouri on that point. I sup-
posed he knew, and I desired information. I
asked him if there was any law fixing the maxi-
mum named by him for cartage and storage.
When he declined to answer that, I asked him
if there was any rule or regulation of the De-
partment at Washington or of the collector of
customs fixing a maximum, and he failed to
answer that question, but contented himself
with saying that they had a right to charge
from seventy-five cents to a dollar and a half,
42r> Cons, 2d Sess.—No. 80,
and they had charged in some cases over two
dollars. The law says they may charge no more
than the customary rates in the port. Now I
want to read from the regulations. I have here
the " revised warehouse regulations " for 1868,
issued by the Treasury Department, regulating
this subject.
"Warehouses in which unclaimed and bonded
merchandise shall be stored will be known and des-
ignated as follows."
Then the compiler proceeds to classify the
kind of warehouses.
" Class 1. Stores owned or hired by the United
States. All unclaimed goods must be deposited in
these stores when there are such at the port avail-
able for the purpose."
If the Government of the United States,
therefore, should be the owner of a warehouse
in New York, it would be the duty of the col-
lector of customs to store such goods in the
Government warehouse to the extent of its
capacity, but not at the expense of the United
States, for the regulation proceeds to provide
that—
"All the labor in these stores shall be performed
under the superintendence of the officer in charge at
the expense of the owner or importer of the mer-
chandise, and all charges for storage, labor, and
other expenses, accruing on the goods, shall not
exceed the regular rates for such objeots at the
port."
Then, if these goods had been stored in a
Government warehouse, they would have been
stored at the expense of the owners, but not in
excess of the usual rates. The second class
of warehouses is—
"Warehouses in the possession of an importer,
and in his sole occupancy, which he may desire to
place under the customs lock, in addition to his own
lucli, (said locks to be of a different character,) for
the purpose of storing dutiable merchandise im-
ported by himself, or consigned to him, or purchased
by him in bond."
Then, Mr. President, if an importing mer-
chant in New York is the owner of a ware-
house, or has rented a warehouse for his own
convenience, and does not desire to pay the
duty oir the goods when landed, by giving the
requisite bond he can store them in bis own
store, putting it, however, under the lock and
key of a custom house officer and in the cus-
tody of a Government storekeeper. In such
a case there could be no complaint. I ought
to observe in this conncction that even in that
case all the expenses arising to the Govern-
ment on account of such storage must be paid
by the owner of the goods.
There is still another class to which T desire
to call the attentiouof the Senate—class three:
"Warehouses in the occupancy of persons desiring
to engage in tho business of storing dutiable mer-
chandise under tho warehouse acts, and of perform-
ing thelaboron suehgoods in what is usually termed
the storage business.
" Warehouses of this class shall be used solely for
the storage of warehoused goods and of unclaimed
and seized goods when ordered by the collector, and
shall consist of an entire building."
Again :
"All the labor on the goods deposited in these
warehouses"—
' And this is the class of which complaint is
made—
"must be performed by the owner or occupant of
the warehouse." * * * « "All arrange-
ments, as regards the rates of storage and the price
of labor on bonded goods in these warehouses, must
be made between tho importer and the owner or
occupant of the warehouse: and all amounts due
for storage and labor must be collected by the latter,
the collector looking to tho safe custody of the mer-
chandise only for the security of the revenue."
Prom these extracts from the regulations,
as well as from a perusal of the law, it is clear
that the rates to be charged for storage are not
limited to seventy-five cents or one dollar and
a half per package, but are not to be in excess
of those usual at the port of entry. This is the
maximum. There is no rule fixing seventy-five
cents or one dollar and a half, that I can find,
either in the law or in the regulations. It is
the usual rate charged by private parties for
similar service at the port—a fact to be set-
tled by testimony. Now, in case of disagree-
ment between the owner of goods and the
warehouse-keeper, who is to be the umpire to
decide their difference of opinion? The reg-
ulations provide precisely what the law itself
provides, that where the owner of the goods
and the keeper of the warehouse shall differ
on this point the question between them shall
be settled by the collector of customs. This
brings us to an understanding of the nature
of the offense committed by Leet and Stock-
ing. Merchants in New York have stored
goods with these owners of warehouses, and
have been charged more than they deemed
fair rates. They probably appealed to the col-
lector for a rebate of charges, alleging that the
charges were in excess of tho usual rates in
that city; and the collector has probably
decided that the charges were not excessive.
And this is the foundation for the Senator's
declaration that officers of this Government at
New York had put their arms into the pub-
lie Treasury up to their elbows. To make the
case more clear if possible, let me suppose
that a ship is now landing in the harbor of
New York laden with goods designed for use
in this country.
What is the first thing her commander is
required to do under the law and the regula-
tions ? They provide that within twenty-four
hours he shall deposit in the post office of New
York all the ship's letters, supposed to be let-
ters from the consignors of the goods to the
consignees, and within forty-eight hours he
must deposit his manifest or invoice of lading
with the custom-house officer, who is presup-
posed to have received in the mean time an
invoice of the cargo from the consul pf the
United States residing in theforeign port from
which the ship sailed, forwarded by some other
mode of conveyance. This is supposed to be
in the hand.-s of the. custom-house officer by
the time the ship will land.
What is done next? An inspector is put
aboard, and within fifteen days, according to
tho size of the ship, the cargo must be landed.
In the mean time the consignees or owners
of the goods are expected 10 report to the cus-
tom-house and pay the duty on the goods that
have been consigned to each, or if they do not
desire to pay the duties, to give the requisite
bonds for the customs dues. If they pay the
duty due when the goods are landed, and the
Government inspector is ready to deliver them,
they take the goods on their own carts and
send them off to their own stores. It they are
not prepared to pay the duties, then they give
the requisite bond, and if they have a store-
house of their own, the goods are put into their
own storehouse, but under custom-house lock
and key and in the custody of a Government
storekeeper, for safe-keeping until the owners
are prepared to pay the duly; but if they have
no warehouse of their own, they may indicate
any other bonded warehouse and make their
own terms with tho warehouse-keeper. It is
a matter of no moment whatever to this Gov-
ernment, so far as the revenue is concerned,
how much or how little they pay. They may
drive the very best bargain in their power;
they may take them to their own stores by
paying the duty ; they may store them in their
own storehouses by giving bond with sufficient
security, or they may indicate a warehouse iu
which they may be stored on just such terms
as they and the owner of that warehouse may
agree, not to be in excess of the usual charges.
But if some of these goods are not claimed,
and it becomes the duty of the custom-houso
officer to stote them for the purpose of pro-
tecting the revenue, he directs the goods to be
stored iu some bonded warehouse for safe-
keeping, the warehouseman or the owner of
the goods giving the requisite bond. If a dis-
pute shall arise between these private parties
on the question of charges, that question is to
be settled by the collector of the port, and he
is required by the law and the regulations, and
his oath of office, to limit such charges to the
