1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3958
and copper bottoms, and all manufactures of cop-
per, including percussion caps; or of which copper
shall be the component of chict value, not otherwise
herein provided lor, forly per cent, ad valorem.
On fire-crackers, one dollar per box of forty packs,
not exceeding eighty to each pack, and in the same
proportion for any greater or less number.
On tin, in sheets or plates, fifteon per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like an explana-
tion of that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This classification of
copper changes very much the classification
under the present law, which has.proved satis-
factory to every one, and we put copper on
the ten per cent, reduction, which we thought
much better. There was a great conflict
among the persons interested, who desired to
have this done, about the classification here,
making considerable difficulty and trouble.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the effect of that
upon existing manufacturers of copper in our
own country now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not killing?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the producers
of copper do not object to putting it on the
ten per cent. list.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not speaking of the
producers; I am speaking of manufacturers
now ; for instance, of copper in plates, bars,
ingots, pigs, and other forms, and copper in
rolled plates, &c. Now, with this change, can
that manufacture continue? If the committee
has considered that I shall not be strenuous on
the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will look
at the tariff list he will find that this is raising
the duty on some grades and lowering it on
others, disturbing the present grading, which
seems to be satisfactory. We saw no reason
for it, and put it on the ten per cent, reduction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
after line one hundred and twelve, to insert:
On tin, in plates or sheets, terne and taggers tin.
fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On tin plates and iron galvaniied or coated with
any metal by electric batteries, two cents per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a change of
phraseology.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
to strike out from line one hundred and seven-
teen to one hundred and twenty-three, in the
following words :
On screws commonly called wood-screws, two
inches or over in length, four cents per pound; less
than two inches and not less than throe fourths of
an inch in length, six cents per pound; less than
three fourths of an inch in length, nine cents per
pound.
On Moisie iron, made from sand ore by one pro-
oess, $6 30 per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
after line one hundred and twenty-three, to
insert:
On umbrella and parasol ribs and stretcher;', frames,
tips, runners, handles, or other parts thereof, when
made in whole or chief part of iron, steel, or any other
metal, a duty of forty-five per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That the rate of duty upon umbrellas,
parasols, and sunshades shall in no ease be less than
is imposed upon goods of the same material and
quality as the coverings thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to offer an amendment
in lieu of a clause stricken out of the House
bill. It is to insert after line one hundred and
thirty, the following:
On saltpeter, crude, one and a half cents per
pound; partially refined, two cents per pound;
refined, two aad a half cents per pound.
Mr. POMEROY. Several years ago I had
my attention called to this question of salt-
peter. I looked at the tariff and I saw there
was evidently a mistake on the subject. Par-
tially refined saltpeter pays a higher duty
than the refined. I looked further into the
tariff, and I saw that it paid a duty of over
fifty per cent, on its cost. I think that is too
42d Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 248.
much. I was rejoiced when I saw that the
House had made it free. There is no interest
in this country that this duty protects. Just
think of it, saltpeter paying over fifty per
cent, duty! I cannot see any reason why it
should do that; but as it now stands, the par-
tially refined pays more than the refined. For
the sake of getting the sense of the Senate,
as I suppose they would not be willing to make
it entirely free, as I think it ought to be, I will
move to amend the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware by inserting one, one and a
half, and two cents where he has one and a
half, two, and two and a half cents. A tariff of
one, one and a half, and two cents is a large
tariff on saltpeter.
Mr. SCOT f. Will the Senator permit me
to correct one of his statements, an error into
which he has inadvertently fallen ? He states
that partially refined saltpeter pays a higher
duty than refined. That is an error. It he
looks at the duties he will find that partially
refined saltpeter pays a lower duty than crude
saltpeter. That is an error that I wish to
correct.
Mr. POMROY. I am glad to be corrected
in that respect.
Mr. CONKLING. Whatis the duty now on
saltpeter ?
Mr. SCOTT. The duty now is on crude
saltpeter two and a half cents ; on partially
refined two cents; and on refined saltpeter it is
three cents, I think ; so that as it now stands
the crude saltpeter pays a higher duty than
thepartialiy refined.
Mr. POMEROY. I have consulted with
several persons and it has been conceded and I
believe generally acquiesced in, that one cent,
one and a half cents and two cents are fair
rates of duty and I hope the Senator from Del-
aware will accept this in lieu of his amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that it is in my
power to accept it. I approve it personally.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a question on which
the Senator from Vermont represents the other
side, and the adjustment was made when he
was present, and I would not like to have a
vote to modify it without his being here. It
does affect a domestic industry to a consider-
able extent.
Mr. POMEROY. I know they manufacture
a bogus kind of saltpeter 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
The rate that has been fixed upon is a very
fair adjustment, and I think the Senate had
better accept it.
Mr, FENTON. How would the amend-
ment read according to the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas—one cent per pound on
crude, one and half cents on partially refined,
and two cents on refined?
Mr. POMEROY. That is it exactly. I do
not wish to occupy any time, but I desire a
vote on this proposition; and then when we
come into the Senate, if the Senator from
Vermont wishes to except it for a separate
vote, he can do so.
Mr. CORBETT. Why not take the vote
now?
Mr. POMEROY. I want to take the vote
now. I want to see what the sense of the
Senate is. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that we take the vote now, and if the
Senator from Vermont desires a separate vote
when we come into the Senate the matter will
then be within his control.
Mr. SHERMAN. By some mistake, or
rather in the confusion and hurry of passing
the bill, the House put both gunpowder and
saitpeter on the free list. It was first moved
to put saltpeter on, and then somebody in
order to knock out saltpeter put on gunpowder.
Now we have proposed an adjustment reduc-
ing the rate on the raw article about one
half.
Mr. BAYARD. It does not amount to that.
On one of the grades, the partially refined,
there is no reduction at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am speaking of the
crude.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a reduction of one
fourth, from two cents to one and a half cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is two and a
half cents now, and we have reduced it to one
and a half cents.
Mr. POMEROY. That brings it now to
over thirty per cent. It will never do in the
world to have saltpeter pay such a duty as
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. CONKLING. I think this matter had
better lie a little while, and for this among
other reasons: I was misled about it. I found
it on the free list of the House, and I inquired
of a member of the committee about the ac-
tion of the committee, there beim* nothing
apparent upon the face of the bill like the
amendment now offered. I am taken by sur-
prise in regard to it, and I should like to look
into it a littie. I think we had better pass it
as the amendment has just appeared frotu the
committee. Let it go over for the time being,
and let us see what there is in it. I am afraid
I have misinformed some parties interested in
this subject. I examined the bill and found
there was no such amendment as this reported.
I went further, to be sure, and applied to a
member of the eommitt'ee for information
about it., and this is the first I have heard of
the amendment which is now advanced by the
committee through the Senator from Dela-
ware. I should like, therefore, to have an
opportunity to inquire about it, and see what
the effect, of it. is to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the amendment will be laid over
for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the amend- .
ment has been received, and my amendment
to it has been received also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is so.
Mr. POMEROY. Then when this subject
comes up again it will come up in that order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When it
comes up again, the first question will be on
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware. The reading of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out section five, iu the
following words:
That all acts and parts of acts requiring duties to
be assessed upon packages,commissions, brokerage,
cost of transportation, shipment, transshipment,
and other like costs and incidental charges incurred
in packing and shipping merchandise, are hereby
repealed ; and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
with the provisions of this section are hereby re-
pealed.
Mr. CONKLING. Before that amendment
is adopted, I wish the Senator from Ohio would
state the reason for it. I know some reasons,
I think, against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is that three
or four years ago Congress, after full delibera-
tion on the subject, thought that packages
should bear a certain rate of duty, and also
that in computing and estimating the cost of
an article, the commissions upon its purchase,
and various expenses called brokerage, &c.,
should be added to ascertain the cost. It is
a mode of ascertainig the cost of an article at
the place of exportation; that to the price of
the article itself shall be added the cost of the
package, the ordinary commission paid there,
brokerage, and such incidental expenses as
are paid in the foreign country. In other
words, in estimating the cost of an article to
be exported, you should take all the cost, not
merely the mere net cost to the manufacturer
of the article, hut the cost of, the article on
ship-board, just as the merchants do who have
to pay for it. That is all there is about it.
It amounts to a very important thing when
; you remember the cost of many packages.
