2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
city of Washington, Should not everybody
then be allowed to vote for directors? And
are you going to confine it to those who hap-
pen to own stock? It is not my fault if I do
not own stock in railroads; I would own it if
I could; and why not let me vote for direct-
ors? Are you going to make a property quali-
fication 1
Mr. MORTON. I submit that the case put
by the Senator from Rhode Island is not in
point. He proceeds upon the idea that no-
body is interested in voting this tax or in
subscribing this stock except the present tax-
payers. 1 ask if the laborers who pay no tax
at present are not affected ? They arc affected,
not to a very groat extent, but perhaps as imme-
diately as those who pay taxes. All parties
are affected by it.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator let me ask him
a question ? What is to be done with the per-
sons who become property-holders subse-
quently? Are they to be bound by the vote
of the old fogies who vote on it now?
Mr. MORTON. That is the case that I put
to the Senator from Rhode Island a few min-
utes ago. He gives to the present taxpay-
ers tbe exclusive right of voting a tax upon
future tax-payers.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask whether
the same principles apply in the District of
Columbia in reference to common schools ?
If the rich men should send their children to
college, and the poor men who do not own
property were not allowed to vote for support-
ing common schools by taxation, wh, t would
become of the common-school system ?
Mr. MORTON. I think the principle can-
not be supported at all. It proceeds on the
idea that men who do not own property are
not to be affected by the taxes. If taxes be-
come onerous and crushing, then laborers
cannot be employed, or can be but poorly
employed. Oppressive taxation affects every
class of people, and I think I do not go too
far when I say that oppressive taxation affects
the poor people more than it affects the rich.
They are the first sufferers. They do not suf-
fer in the same way precisely;' but I think the
general proposition may be maintained that
oppressive taxation which retards the growth
of a city affects the poor people and the labor-
ing community more than it does the rich.
Those who have property can spare some of
it; but those who have no property and are
dependent on their labor for their living can-
not afford that state of things which deprives
them of employment, deprives them of com-
pensation for their labor.
I submit that the amendment proceeds upon
a principle that is false in every respect. I am
opposed to it.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to enter my protest
against the principle involved in the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island, and I confess the surprise which I feel
at such an,amendment emanating from such a
source. It is too late in the history of this
Government to establish a theory like that.
The time has beeu in the past when I had the
honor to belong to a party that maintained the
principle which the Senator now seeks to en-
force before this Senate. But the Government
has gone forwaid. That principle has been
trampled down under the feet of the laboring
men, of the poor men, of the mighty men of
this nation. Why, sir, if the doctrine is correct
that the city cannot subscribe stock until the
question has beeu submitted to the tax-payers
and they have voted for it, upon what princi-
ple is it that you allow the poor man to vote
for a member of Congress? Garry the prin-
ciple into the State Legislatures; will you
declare that the people of any locality in a
State cannot be taxed by the municipal au-
thorises until the question is submitted to the
tax-payers? Establish that principle, and then
with what justice can you say that the poor man
who pays no tax shall vote for a member of
the Legislature who goes there with a power
to tax without restraint the property-holders
of the State ?
In all the southern States reconstructed by
Congress, by the sanction and by the influence
and by the support of the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, there is no restraint that
can be placed upou the people. The masses
of the people have the right, under the recon-
struction acts, to go to the ballot-box and
exercise the franchise ia a degree equal to the
proudest in the land. That principle is one
to which this Government is pledged; audit
being so pledged, I come here to represent a
people who intend to maintain that principle,
that the poor men of this nation compose one
of the component parts of this nation. It is a
part of the Constitution ; it is embraced in the
fifteenth amendment.
Why, sir, if the principle of the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island can be maintained
here, how long will it be before you will say
that the man who has no property and pays
no taxes shall not be heard at the ballot-box in
selecting representatives who have power del-
egated to them to tax, as I repeat, without
restraint the people of the country ? The
property-holders of this country, yes, sir, the
institutions of this country in all their parts,
must rest upon the intelligence and the virtue
of the people; and if you cannot rely on the
poor men of this country for their virtue and
their intelligence, (and I maintain thatyou can
rely upon them,) then m truth your institutions
rest upon a most unsubstantial foundation.
I rose, sir, simply to express my surprise
at the proposition now offered. Having known
something of the legislation of Congress in
the past,, coming from a State that has been
manipulated, and on which has been forced
the new piinciple of government established
by this nation under the direction of the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island, I pro-
test, in the name of those people who have
been enfranchised by his vote and by his in-
fluence, against this doctrine which he would
now seek to maintain here. In the State
from which I come the poor man, the man
from the field, the servant, every man who is
twenty-one years of age, and who has resided
for a sufficient time in the country, comes for-
ward with the ballot in his hand, guarantied
by the Constitution of the country, and he
deposits that ballot, and it has a weight and
a force equal to that of the most princely of
her citizens.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill by adding to the amendment made in com-
mittee, the substance, I do not know the
language, that was in the last clause of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island, and that is to hold the annual taxation
in the District to the limit that the act passed
a year ago, creating the District government,
said it should be. Then we considered care-
fully the limitation of annual taxation in this
District, and determined that the people and
the property could not bear above two per
cent, annual taxation (which in any of the
States would be enormous) upon their prop-
erty; and therefore the organic act in express
terms prohibited taxation above two per cent,
in any one year for any purpose or under any
circumstances whatever.
Now, if we approve this loan or subscrip-
tion, or whatever it may be, it will be contended
that this is an act of Congress authorizing the
District to go beyond the limitation that the
organic act provided ; and it will be, as I think,
a sad day for the people of this District, for its
prosperity, for its credit, for everything that
all its citizens desire it should be, if Congress
authorizes a heavier annual taxation upon
property than that which the organic act pro-
vided as one of the fundamental principles
upon which the District should be governed in
the way it is to be. Therefore I move to amend
by adding what I heard read as the last part
of the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, which I thought stated it well enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That this act shall in no wise
be construed to have the effect to authorize any
greater taxation in said District than the two per
cent, limited by tbe "act to provide a government
for the District of Columbia," approved February
21,1871.
Mr. CARPENTER. The amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Vermont, if it has
any application whatever to the facts of the
case, is authorizing the city of Washington to
incur an indebtedness, and depriving it of the
means to discharge it. Now, apart from the
impolicy of encouraging a city to enter into
the practice of repudiation—for that is what
it comes to—this amendment would be utterly
ruinous to the city in the way of the sale of
these bonds. Whether the interest on the
honds is ever to be paid or not, is to depend
upon facts and circumstances which are to
transpire subsequent to the issuance of the
bonds. For instance, the bonds are issued
to-day calling for $36,000 interest in a year.
Now, if the territorial government, under its
organic act, shall for other purposes extend up
to a certain percentage on the taxable prop-
erty, then no tax whatever can be levied to pay
this interest. In other words, these bonds are
to be put upon the market and be sold with
the threat in advance that whether they shall
be paid or not is to depend upon circum-
stances nobody knows anything about.
The general policy of passing a bill like this
is open to grave criticism ; there is no doubt
about that; and in the western States we have
seen both the advantages and disadvantages
of such legislation. At the same time the
question has almost never been submitted to
the people but the people have voted the aid,
and in almost every instance the result has
been that the whole community feel that they
have been benefited by the investment. There
are some counties, some towns that are refus-
ing to pay the interest on their bonds and are
setting their indebtedness at defiance, and yet
if the proposition was made to those same com-
munities to-day to have their bonds returned
and the road taken up and discontinued, not
a single community would be in favor of it.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin, if that be the case,
why is it that the State of Illinois has prohib-
ited by constitutional amendment such sub-
scriptions as he speaks of, and why has the
State ot Pennsylvania done the same thing
after trying this system of municipal subscrip-
tions?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not know, in the
first place, that the State of Illinois has done
that; and, in the second place, if it has, it is
the opinion of an individual State. Other
States have not done it which are as intelli-
gent, and have as much capital, and are as
well qualified to judge. My friend from Ne-
vada [Mr. Nye] also suggests that in those
States where the great roads are already com-
pleted, and where the people have as many
roads'as the commerce of the country will for
years require, there is no necessity for this aid,
and therefore they may have adopted such a
provision.
But that is apart entirely from the general
consideration of the question, and I believe in
this case there are many reasons to make it
an exception. This is the national capital.
We ought in some form to have more than one
road coming into the capital. We all expe-
rienced during the war how inconvenient it
was to have but one road, and that running
through a rebel city, where our armies were
attacked before they could reach the seat of
