318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
Ho. of Beps.
Free Trade—Mr. McNeely.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
roboraiing this statement, and showing that dis-
charge means banishment from the town where they
reside :is well as banishment from work, and in man-
ufactories devoted to textile fabrics even more than
that. We know whereof we affirm when we say
that it is sometimes the practice to circulate names and
de^crijitions of discharged employe?, to prevent their
obtaining employtnentin other places in the same busi-
ness ; and thi<* for the free, lawful, and rightful expres-
sion of opinion."
The eternal truth is that labor is never so
prosperous and happy under any other system
of taxation as it is under such systems as im-
pose taxes for revenue alone and distribute
them among the citizens according to their
ability to pay. Protection of necessity defeats
these ends. In every country of Europe, every
material advance toward freedom of trade
and taxation for revenue alone has been at-
tended by amelioration and improvement in
the conditions of labor. In our own country,
the condition and reward of labor, and the
purchasing power of wages, have always been
most satisfactory when we have had the least of
"protection," when our taxation has been most
nearly for revenue alone, unless other causes
having no connection with tariff legislation
have intervened. Every intelligent man well
knows that the crisis of 1837 and 1857 bad
other well-known causes. Wages are higher
in this country to-day than in many foreign
countries. Why? Because labor is more
scarce and the laborer is more intelligent,
and the demand is greater, and therefore the
price is higher. Wages are higher in Great
Britain under free trade than on the continent
under the highest protection.
In our country the growth of population,
the increase of consumption, the demand for
greater production, and the opportunities for
rapid expansion and development in all re-
spects, have no parallel in the world. Hence,
of necessity, and most logically, the oppor-
tunities for profitable investments, and the
rates of interest and of wages are higher
than elsewhere. For these very reasons they
need no protection. No man will be insin-
cere or stupid enough to pretend that, under
such circumstances, capital needs mors pro-
tection, forced tribute, or alms. But does
labor? Protectionists say yes. And in say-
ing yes they speak nine words for themselves
and one for labor. They now wield almost
autocratic sway over the labor they employ.
Give labor equal laws, and impose upon it
only its just share of taxation, and it will
again prosper and rejoice. American labor is
higher than labor abroad, because it is worth
more, it can produce more, and it has more
intelligence, skill, and effectiveness, and it will
always command higher rewards, whether
under free trade or protection. Under pro-
tection wages have never, here or elsewhere,
kept pace with the increase in the cost of
manufactured commodities and the expense
of living, and they never will. Under rev-
enue tariffs and taxation they have always
been relatively higher, and their purchasing
power greater. These propositions are de-
monstrated in the experience of our own and
of other countries; and the proof is collected
in great and overwhelming fullness in Mr.
Well's several publications, and in the invalu-
able work of Mr. William M. Grosvenorj
entitled '''Does Protection Protect?"
Tariffs for protection are direct assaults
upon the personal liberty of labor. There
is an element of tyranny and brigandage in
every one. The right to live and to labor is
no more inherent, original, and sacred than
the right to control and dispose of the fruits
of labor. The right to buy or sell where you
please is no more undeniable than the right
of immunity from assault and battery at the
hands of every strong man you meet. Free
exchange of the products of different lands
and sections among men is no less necessary
for the well-being of individuals pud society
than is free action of the atmosphere to the
health of human beings. Then why shall
Government deny these sacred rights? Is
Government wiser in the practical affairs of
life than all the members who compose soci-
ety ? Has it any right to take the earnings of
one and give them to another? That would
be to take property without compensation.
All men are equal in elementary rights. It is
infamous, it is tyranny for Government to
have favorites among its citizens. Nothing
but the brutal sophism that "might makes
right" can justify such a thing. Labor, and
the true friends of labor, must learn these
great principles. They are eternal and benefi-
cent as truth itself.
Natural justice demands that the Govern-
ment shall be supported by the citizens in
proportion to their ability to pay. Taxation
should bear a just relation to the property of
the tax-payer. If this honest policy were
adopted, the poor would pay a very moderate
portion of the revenues. The dividends of the
rich and the monopolists would be diminished
by larger contributions to the Government.
But under our present cruel tariff, the poor,
the great body of consumers, the agriculturists
and artisans, are compelled to pay both taxes
and tribute, to contribute the bulk of the public
revenue and also to fill the plethoric coffers of
the monopolists with bounty. This is outrage-
ous robbery and will not always be endured by
freemen. Favored classes may as well now
take warning that persistence in such policy
will sooner or later lead to fundamental changes
in our systems of taxation, whereby property,
and not poverty and necessity, shall be made
to support the Government. The sons of toil
cannot be forever deceived or enslaved, either
in mind or body. With their intelligent awak-
ening may come a conflict, bitter but just,
whose result will vindicate their rights. The
time approaches in our country when the
bounty-fed few " who pay tribute to the Lord
out of the pockets of the poor," must do jus-
tice, or themselves suffer wrongs.
SILK MANUFACTURES IN GREAT BRITAIN.
Prior to 1824, the duty imposed by Great
Britain upon imported silks was completely
prohibitory. Smuggling became general and
irresistible. Wages of silk-weavers declined
from $7 50 and $10 gold per week, to $2 50
and $2 75 per week. The duty was then re-
duced to thirty per cent, ad valorem. Again,
in 1846, it was reduced to fifteen per cent.,
and in I860 all tariff tax on silks was swept
away. On February 4, 1860, the great com-
mercial treaty between Great Britain and
Franee was ratified. What was the effect of
protection? Let Mr. Leone Levi, the very
able author of the "History of British Com-
merce, and of the Economic Progress of the
British Nation, from 1763 to 1870," just pub-
lished, answer. He says:
" Whence was it that the silk manufacture was
always in a sickly and decaying state, but from the
excess of protection and prohibitions ? Sixty years
had elapsed since, in deference to the noise and
loud complaints of the silk-weavers of Spitalfields,
Coventry, and other places, the legislature had de-
creed the total expulsion of foreign silks from the
British market, yet smuggling was largely prac-
ticed, and no effort was of any avail to stop it."—
Page 166.
This historian also says that when the
great economist, Mr. Huskisson, in 1824, first
attacked this suicidal policy of protection—
" He was alive to the fact that a system of monop-
oly must be favorable to great capitalists. But he
showed the evil effects of monopoly, and urged that
the monopoly in the silk manufacture had produced,
what monopoly was always sure to prbduce, indif-
ference with regard to improvement; and that use-
ful zeal which gives life to industry, which fosters
ingenuity, and which, in manufactures, occasions
unceasing efforts to produce the article in the most
economical form, had been comparatively extin-
guished."
Did free trade destroy the silk manufacture ?
JSrery reliable historian of th§ fiscal legist-.
tion and industrial progress of Groat Britain
answers no I On the contrary, that industry
grew stronger, became more firmly planted,
acquired tenfold greater independence, and dis-
played greatly increased enterprise, ingenuity,
and skill; its operatives improved in condi-
tion and gained better wages, and its products
were improved in quality, value, and beauty,
and acquired new popularity in the markets
of Great Britain and the world. There
were employed last year in England alone, in
the silk manufacture, as reported under the
factory act, 47,311 persons, more than one-
tenth as many persons as were employed in
all Great Britain in blast-furnaces, forges, iron-
mills, founderies, in making machinery, and
in iron-ship building. Thus the people ob-
tained cheaper and better silks, labor secured
better wages, and the foundations of national
and individual prosperity became more sure
and stable. But the manufacturers of silk in
our country demand and enjoy free trade in
their raw materials, and receive from the peo-
ple a bounty of sixty per cent, on all they .
manufacture. This is a gross wrong, without
any decent palliation. The duty on the man-
ufactured product should be reduced to a just
and reasonable revenue standard, not above
forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, in every one of the innumer-
able phases of protective logic, it is met and
conclusively refuted by the truthful results of
actual experience. All its assumptions are
exposed and condemned by careful and prac-
tical inquiry. It claims for itself the growth
of the country, the development of mechanical
skill, and the diversification of industry. It
claims to have cut down the forests, opened
the mines, built the shops and factories, and
erected cities. But the truth is most apparent
that all these have come, not by the aid, but
in spite of protection. The bounding vitality
of our people is so great, their skill and intel-
ligence so surpassing, and the natural resources
ot our great country are so unparalleled, that
the manacles of "protection" could only
retard and burden, not stop the progress of
industry and development.
Free Trade.
SPEECH OF HON. T. W. McNEELY,
op illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
April 30, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. It. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes-
Mr. McNEELY said:
Mr. Chairman : I do not rise to discuss the
details of the bill now before the committee;
there will be time enough for that when we
come to consider it by sections and paragraphs.
I shall attempt to show that neither the bill
nor the laws which it proposes to amend fur-
nish a just and proper mode of collecting rev-*
enue.
I am aware that the subject is an uninter-
esting one at this time, in the midst of the
growing popular excitement on the eve of a,
presidential campaign the most important of
many years. Threatened centralization of
power and overthrow of the State system,
military despotism, corruption pervading all
departments of the Government, defalcations:
and frauds confronting us whichever way we
turn, have justly excited the popular rnind.;
But, sir, I think I can show that a proper
reform in the collection of revenue will ren-s
der less possible many of the evils that noy
startle the country.
^b©.?eyenue-QoUeqte4.foy-Feder^l purposes'
