3954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
This section would mate the duties on articles
unequal, because the cost of packages is un-
equal, and the cost of many packages is con-
siderable, and this would teud considerably
to reduce the duties.
Mr. CONKLING. The House inserted this
section, and acted undoubtedly upon two
grounds: first, laying a duty, not upon the
article itself, but upon the salaries, the com-
mission, the compensation, the hire which the
man who buys it may pay to some agent for
purchasing it, seems a very odd thing. One
man pays one rate of commission or broker-
age. another man pays another. If a house
in New York which deals in India shawls em-
ploys some woman in Paris or Brussels to buy
shawls, her commission would be less than
would be the commission of some man em-
ployed there who dealt largely in this business.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rate is prescribed in
the law.
Mr. CONKLING. Not always ; I have be-
fore me what I cannot in five minutes state,
and shall not attempt to, but it would show the
Senator and show others the conclusion to
which I was coming, namely, that one man
pays for the same article a given rate of duty
and another man pays another, growing out of
the difference in expense, the difference in the
quality of packages, and in the circumstances
which surround it. Now, I think that is objec-
tionable.
But there is a much stronger objection to it.
This leads to an immense deal of unnecessary
book keeping and unnecessary multiplication
of papers, an unnecessary amount of clerical
labor. One need only take any shipment—
I have a memorandum of one in my hand—to
see the way in which this works. It would
relieve importers from an immense deal of
trouble and labor if this could be dispensed with
as the House proposes to dispense with it; and
the importers say, "If the duty is not high
■ enough upon goods, raise the duty ; put any
rate of duty that is necessary upon the goods ;
let us pay that, and have an end of it; but do
not compel us to pay a duty upon commissions,
upon services that are performed for us, upon
the packages in which the goods come, upon
the freight, the cost of transportation, upon
the cost of shipment and transshipment, and
other like costs and incidental charges incurred
in packing and shipping merchandise."
If Senators give their attention to this mat-
ter it is sufficiently palpable without argument.
I do not want to detain the Senate ; but 7
think this is a very wholesome reform pro
posed by the House of Representatives, and I
shall ask a division or the yeas and nays,
either here or in the Senate, upon striking out
this section. I do not think we ought to agree
to the amendment proposed by the committee.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Upon the face of
it it appears to me that we ought not to strike
this section out, but leave the matter as the
House left, it; for, as the Senator from New York
has said, there are great difficulties and great
objections in detail to the provision of the law
that this section repeals, and were it new I cer-
tainly should not favor the enactment of such
a law. It never ought, in my judgment, to
have been the law. But the custom-liouse in
New York and in other cities have adopted
rules in regard to it so that there is much less
objection to it than there was originally, and
the objections to striking out the section, it
seems to me, are removed now in some meas-
ure by reason of that fact, but if it be stricken
out there is a danger that I would call the
attention of Senatois to."
Men are required now to pay a duty not only
upon the cost of the article as they buy it of a
merchant abroad, but upon all commissions
which are charged upon it. If they are
relieved from that they may bny it of the man-
ufacturer for a certain price, and then he may
charge certain commissions at another price,
and in the way of commissions lie may get a
part of his pay on which the importer pays no
dut.y. That, it appears to me, is an objection,
and the only objection which I can see why
the section should not be stricken out. I am
very much inclined to concur with the Senator
from New York notwithstanding the objection.
I think he is plainly right. The details re-
quired to perform this duty are very vexatious
and annoying. They cannot be otherwise.
Mr. SCOTT. The section under considera-
tion to which the Senator from New York has
invited attention has attracted the notice of
gentlemen who have given much attention to
this subject; and I have received a letter from
a gentleman who probably has had as much
commercial experience as any other in the
country. He is now the president of the
National Board of Trade; and speaking on
this subject he says:
"This provision should not be allowed to remain
in the bill, as it opens the door for many frauds as
well as inequalities in the duties on the same article,
and is opposed to the uniform practice of the Gov-
ernment. By adopting values at the place of ex-
portation, the duties are made as nearly uniform as
practicable, while valuation at different and distant
places of production in the interior will make great
variations in duties."
He then proceeds and gives one or two in-
stances ; and without troubling the Senate with
giving them, showing its practical operation,
he proceeds to say:
"Such a provision as this slipped in some way
into the tariff act of 1862, I think, and tbe frauds
practiced under it were soon so manifest that it was
promptly repealed."
Mr. CONKLING. Is the Senator reading
about this section five?
Mr. SCOl'T. This same section five:
" While it was in operation they valued oranges
in Sicily on the trees, while their chief cost was
picking, packing, and carrying them to the side of
the ship."
He protested against the continuance of
this section in the bill. I will not take up the
time of the Senate by reading all that he says
upon the subject; but his experience is enti-
tled to great consideration, and the committee
thought it was right that the section should be
stricken out.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will inquire who
is that communication from?
Mr. SCOTT. I stated that tbe gentleman
was the president of the National Board of
Trade, Mr. Frederick Fraley.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regard
this as one of the most vital questions that
could possibly be introduced into a tariff bill.
Take articles like hardware, the cost of the
packages is very considerable. Take crock-
eryware, a very large part of the importation
is the packages and commissions. This has
been the rule established now for years, and 1
believe it works eutirely satisfactory. But if
this were to be repealed, so far as crockery is
concerned, it would be a reduction of more
than five per cent, on the present duty. I
think it would be more than that upon hard-
ware, it would be a very considerable sum;
and there are very many articles besides that
would be affected by it to a far greater extent
than many may suppose.
So far as the practical operation of this law
is concerned, for the last ten or a dozen years
there has been no difficulty whatever under it.
The commissions are all put down uniformly
at two and a half per cent., no matter what
the charge is. 1 trust the section will be
stricken out, and the law retained as it is in
this respect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment striking out the
section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very unwilling to
interpose in a matter about which my inform-
ation is so limited, against the judgment of our
committee. We must in the main rely upon
the committee.
In regard to the whole bill as in regard to the
act now in existence which this bill is to amend
I can only say in general terms that neither the
law as it now stands nor the bill that is before
us is in accordance with what I think the inter-
ests of the country require. I would have a
very different tariff bill if I had the making of
it; but that is not the question upon which I
am now to vote. Weaie now upon questions
of detail; and there is no hope of defeating
this bill by substituting a better bill, and the
defeat of this bill would only leave in existence
the present laws, which are worse than the
bill. What I have to say will therefore be on
this matter of detail alone.
There is one thing that strikes me as being
exceedingly objectionable in the law as it now
stands aud that commends the section pro-
posed by the House of Representatives for the
repeal of that law. Evidently it produces in-
equality. It produces inequality between dif-
ferent articles and inequality between the
same article. For instance, as has just been
said, the cost of packing crockery ware, por-
celain, queensware of all kinds, glass, and
everything of that kind, is much greater than
would be the cost of shipping iron rails or
leather or various other commodities that
require, you may say, no packing at all. So
that it is a discrimination in favor of one arti-
cle and against another article, and there is a
discrimination in regard to the same article.
For instance, take queensware. It is brought
from England, it is brought from France, it is
brought from Japan, and it is getting to be
quite an importation from Japan ; it is brought
from China. The cost of packing, the cost
of commissions, and the like are very differ-
ent at different places ; so that in point of fact
yourduty upon an article when imported from
one country is higher than it is when imported
from another country, if you allow the law to
stand as it now is. That is inevitable, as it seems
to me, and I call the attention of Senators to
the fact that we have various treaties which
require that we should give no advantage to
any country over the country with which we
have the treaty in the matter of duties laid
upon importations into this couutry ; and yet
we do indirectly give an advantage to one coun-
try over another, because the costs which are
covered by the law as it now exists of pack-
ing, transportation, aud the like are greater in
one country than they are in the other. We are
in fact violating our treaty stipulations when
we do that thing. It seems to me, therefore,
for these reasons, that we ought to let the bill
stand in this particular as it came from the
House and not strike out this provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe I
did not occupy my full five minutes before. I
desire to call attention to thi=i, because it is a
matter of more importance than is perhaps at
present thought of.
By our present law we impose a duty upon
all goods where an ad valorem duty is assessed
upon them on the last place or port whence
they are shipped. If this law should be re-
pealed, the goods could be transported from
the interior or further parts of any country to
the shore without any additional cost being in-
cluded in the value. Take, for instance, hemp
thatis brought clear from Moscow to St. Peters-
burg; it would be valued at the place where
it was grown instead of at the last place of
shipment, provided this law about transship-
ment and transportation be repealed.
Take, for instance, salt. The main part of
the salt that we receive from Liverpool is not
made right at Liverpool, but some distance in
the interior. Of course that adds to the cost
of it.
Then there will be no equality about it un-
less we impose the same rate as to commis-
sions. Iiere is a man that goes abroad and
he buys his goods subject to his own expenses;
another man keeps a partner abroad to buy
his goods; another man sends abroad and
procures his purchases through a commission
house. Unless this provision is retained we
have no uniformity at all about it; and this is
