1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
usual price charged by private parties for sim-
ilar service. The Government has no interest
whatever in the question of rates. It is a mat-
ter of importance only to the owner of the
warehouse and the owner of the goods.
Now, pray tell me in what consists this vast
pool of corruption, with eloquent descriptions
of which the Senate and the country has been
feasted for the last two or three months ? Some
warehouse-keeper, a private party, has been
put in custody'of unclaimed goods. He has
given bond for their safe-keeping. He is
allowed by law to charge for this service the
usual rate paid by private parties for a similar
service performed in the ordinary course of
trade, and the owner of the goods has in some
cases complained that the charges were exor-
bitant. Well, Mr. President, is that an unusual
occurrence in commerce for a man who hires
a store to complain of the rent, for a man who
hires a hack to complain of the charge of the
hackman, for a man who hires a cart to insist
that the cartman could haul goods for a lower
rate? This, then, is the sum total ol' these
complaints when you dive down to the bottom
and pry up the facts. This was my reason for
pressing the Senator from Missouri a little out
of time to give the facts, to let the Senate and
country know in what this vast pool of corrup-
tion consisted.
If keepers of bonded warehouses have made
exorbitant charges the remedy is easy; the
wrong is easily corrected. The owner of the
goods could appeal to the collector for redress.
If he violated the law, an appeal could have
been made to the President for his removal.
If the President should fail to act, the House
of Representatives could arraign the collector
before the Senate, who would, on the proper
showing, remove him. I cannot believe that
the House of Representatives, or any member
of that body, would wink at corruption any
more thau the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri. The committee that first investigated
this subject was a joint committee. It con-
sisted of able and learned members of the
House of Representatives, in part, associated
with the honorable Senator and some other
able and distinguished members of this body.
They made, it is presumed, a thorough exam-
ination. 3'hey elicited, it may be presumed,
all the facts. Their report has been printed.
And yet we have not been informed by a
committee ot the House of Representatives
appearing at the bar of the Senate that they
have found a corrupt collector at New York
and that the President of the United States
refuses to remove him. Nor has the Senate
portion of that committee, as fat- as I am in-
formed, proposed even a legislative remedy
for the supposed evils. The honorable Sen-
ator attempted to convert my inquiry into
ridicule yesterday when I asked if he had pro-
posed any remedy. He inquired of me, with
some severity of manner, I thought, whether
it made any difference whether he did it or
whether somebody else did it. It makes this
difference in his record: as an organ of this
body lie was sent to New York specially to
investigate a subject involving alleged abuses.
He is notan executive officer, he is a legislator.
The only remedy which he could propose offi-
cially would be a, legislative remedy. Did he
bring in any bill for the correction of these
alleged grievances, such as a bill to regulate
charges by bonded warehouse-keepers ? Not
that I have heard of; but he has brought in
and spiead before the country several able and
eloquent speeches in condemnation of some-
body else. I think I may fairly presume that
he iound no evils of the enormity which his
speeches would seem to indicate, or he would
have made some attempt at a legislative cor-
rection.
But the House of Representatives are not
limited to legislative means. They might of
coursehave proposed an amendment ofthe law,
the establishment of regulations, the enact-
ment of rules fixing a maximum rate of charges
which could not be exceeded by a warehouse-
keeper. They proposed nothing of this kind;
but they had it in their power to propose
another remedy. If they had become satis-
fied that the law was sufficient, but that the
collector of the port was corrupt, and that
after remonstrances from the merchants of
New York, a hundred of whom we are told
have been displeased with his conduct, and
after the remonstrance of the committee, and
after reports from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the Chief Executive had failed to remove
him, it was their plain duty, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, to bring the cul-
prit to the bar of the Senate. That they have
not done so, after full and careful examination
of the whole subject, leads me to believe that
they found no evil of gravity requiring any
such procedure. But if they had found what
the honorable Senator from Missouri, found,
that these custom-house officers were in the
Government Treasury up to their elbows, that
the custom-house was a cesspool of corruption,
and that it was continued by a power above
the committee, above the merchants of New
York, above public opinion, above the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, could they justify them-
selves in their silence? If the Representatives
of the people in the other House believed what
the Senator asserts, I cannot believe they
would hesitate to apply the constitutional
remedy. If they should thus hesitate, then, sir,
republican government is already a failure.
If the Representatives of the people of this
country will knowingly and diliberately by their
inaction keep in office corrupt men, a repub-
lican form of government cannot be sustained.
No one can believe that the President would
retain in office an ineumbeut known to him to
be corrupt. But if we were to grant, for the sake
of the argument, that all the Senator intimates
of him is true, we cannot blink the fact that
the two Houses of Congress by their joint
action may remove any civilian from his place.
If, then, these corruptions are permitted Con-
gress, the Representatives of the people as well
as the representatives of the States, are cul-
pable, the Senate is directly responsible for
their appointment if their bad character was
known at the time of their confirmation, and
the members of the House of Representatives
for not bringing in articles of impeachment
just so soon as they learned the existence of
thess facts and that the case was beyond prac-
tical executive remedy.
But, sir, I have one other reflection to make
on this subject. I have shown at least that so
far as the Senator's speech is concerned he
has overdrawn the picture. The evil com-
plained of, if it exists, is in fact but a mole-
hill instead of the mountain which ho has
painted. And I must now, in justice to my
own convictions of truth, say that this war
on the custom-house officials has been prose-
cuted in the interests of foreign importers,
shippers, and manufacturers, more than in the
interests of the public revenues. I say this
out of no feeling of disrespect for the honor-
able Senators. I do not impugn their mo-
tives. But, in my opinion, the'subjects of the
crowned heads of the great States of Europe
are more interested in the success of this war
than the citizens of the United States. I am
led to this belief from some of the facts to
which 1 have referred, and from others that
are now on record as a part of the debate pre-
ceding the appointment of the investigating
committee to which I have referred.
We were told by an honorable Senator in
debate that these hundred or more merchants
of New York remonstrated against the exist-
ing general-order system as evil and only evil,
and that continually, and recommended a re-
turn to the old system. Following my habit
of _ inquiry when I desire information, I in-
quired of that Senator what was meant by the
" old system." He informed me very frankly
and candidly that under the old system goods
were stored with the carrier.
Mr. SCHURZ, Does the Senator say that
I had a conversation with him about this sub-
ject ?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh no, sir. I have not
intended to intimate any such thing. I said
that the fact was adduced in debate by a
learned Senator on this floor preceding the
appointment of the Committee on Investiga-
tion and Retrenchment, that these aggrieved
New York merchants desired an abandonment
, ofthe present general-order system and a re-
j turn to the old system. In search of inform-
ation I inquired what the old system was, and
was told that some of the steamship companies
had warehouses of their own, and that under
an old regulation, established before some of
us were born, they were permitted to store the
goods brought over in their ships in their own
warehouses, and as their interests and the in-
terests of the consignee were somewhat mutual,
it cost the merchants of New York less tohave
such goods thus stored, stored with their own
carriers.
Then that is the only remedy thus far sug-
gested. I mentioned yesterday that the pres-
ent system had existed as far back as the
commencement of my service on this floor.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance of this
body, who must be familiar with the whole
subject, remarked in that connection that the
present system had existed to some extent for
at least forty years. The abandonment of the
general-order warehouses, and the adoption
of the old system, this panacea for the evils of
which complaint is made, when understood,
means that unclaimed goods shall hereafter
be stored with the carriers, with the Cunard
and the Bremen lines of steamers, to allow
them practically to retain the custody of the
goods shipped by them, in their own ware-
houses until claimed by the consignees.
The owners of these ships are subjects of
the'crowned heads of Europe, chiefly of the
queen of the British empire, and of the em-
peror of Germany. The goods shipped are or
foreign manufacture, made and owned by the
inhabitants of the Old World, brought here
for sale in competition with the manufactures
of our own country. For the promotion of
the interests and convenience of these manu-
facturers of the Old World, goods landed on
our shores are permitted to lie in bonded
warehouses without the payment of duties for
months and years. Such warehouses are of
little use to our own merchants, with the ex-
ception of a few possessed of enormous means,
who are able to compete with European cor-
porations. The multiplied thousands of small
merchants receive and pay the duties on their
goods when landed, take them to their own
stores and put them into market for consump-
tion. The great merchants, chiefly foreigners,
store their goods in bonded warehouses, await-
ing a favorable market. And heretofore some
of them were permitted to store their goods in
the warehouses owned by the companies who
owned the lines of vessels in which they were
shipped.
I need not inform you, sir, that that system
was broken up in pursuance of the recom-
mendation of Secretary Walker, under au act
of Congress passed nearly thirty years ago,
as was supposed at the time, in the interest
of public revenue under a Democratic Admin-
istration, under a law enacted by a Democratic
Congress, and another system was adopted
which, with some modifications,. is still in
force. These distinguished Senators desire
us to go back to the old system ; that is, to
allow the Cunard and the Bremen steamship
companies to store the goods brought over in
their vessels in their own warehouses.
In this connection allow me to state another
fact which I believe is of historic record, that a
very large per cent, of these goods are shipped
