1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
■war by a mob which the civil authorities of
that city were powerless to suppress. We felt
then the necessity of more than one entrance
to the capital, |ind we may feel it again.
Oil the constitutional question which has
been suggested here, I have not the slightest
doubt. Throw the territorial government en-
tirely out of existence and Congress could tax
the people of this District for any purpose it
pleased. This territorial government is a mere
instrumentality of Congress; it is a mere in-
strument in its hands executing its will, and
we may authorize it to do whatever we can do
ourselves.
I shall vote for the general bill, and I shall
vote against the amendment, of the Senator
from Vermont, because I think it would prac-
tically defeat the object of the bill, and lead to
the sacrifice of these bonds, or lead to their
not being used at all, which would defeat the
building of the road.
Mr. SAWYER. In the absence from the
Chamber of the Senator from Vermont, an
amendment -was adopted which limited the
amount for which the District can be taxed
for interest on this stock to $36,000 per an-
num. That is less than one thirtieth of ojie
per cent.' The amount for which they can be
taxed t'or interest on the debt incurred in this
way is certainly less than one thirtieth of one
per cent, of the taxable properly of the Dis-
trict. Inasmuch as that amendment limiting
the possible taxation for the annual interest
to $30,000 has been adopted, it seems to me
it is hardly worth while to adopt this amend-
ment.
Air. EDMUNDS. Senators, it seems to
me, do not quite comprehend the proposition.
If they will be kind enough to listen, perhaps
they will understand it better.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, I will state what I understand
the point to be 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, as I am on the floor, I will tell
him what my point is.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Wis-
consin and the Senator from South Carolina
both seem to be a little evasive (if they will
pardon me forsayingso) of the broad question
of whether we were right m the act passed onl$
a year ago, which declared as a tundamental
principle of carrying on the government of
this District that the total annual taxation for
every purpose, great and small, much or liitle,
whatever nature it might be, should notexceed
two per cent, upon every $100 of the taxable
property of the District. That was one of the
great considerations that led tne to vote for the
bill. I have no doubt that it was one which
appealed to the mind of every sensible Sen-
ator 
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I would like to have the
Senator state for my information, for I do not
know, what the present rate of taxation is on
the $100, and what the public debt of the Dis-
tiict now is, and whether any portion of the
tax now assessed is for the purpose of extin-
guishing a part of the debt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator had done
me the honor to listen to me yesterday 
Mr. MORTON. 1 was not here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; but it'the Senator
had done me the honor to listen to me yester-
day, he would have had all the information
that I possess upon those topics in general.
Now, this territorial government having this
fundamental limitation on its powers, lor the 1
credit of the District, for its prospeiity
in order that- the people who were to lend
it money might know that it was not going
beyond bounds, but that there were limits,
that loans could not be run up and taxes
imposed to pay the annual interest and pro-
vide for the principal beyond a certain
amount—looking to that, the District has
gone on for a year. That year is now ended
and they are beginning on another year. In
that year, in spite of the organic act, as it
appears from the statements made in the
newspapers—of course I cannot vouch for
them, but I have never heard them contra-
dicted, and 1 have heard a great deal said
by the friends of the Legislative Assembly
so that J think they are probably true, for
in the newspapers there have been detailed
statements of each act of the Legislative As-
sembly imposing taxes for the year that has
just gone by—these detailed sta'einents give
each item of taxation and the purpose of it,
including this Potomac and Piedmont railroad
when the time shall come for it—the taxes levied
amount to almost four dollars instead of two
dollars per $100 ; I do not remember the pre-
cise figures.
But taking out this particular act as being
immature, and one other which I do not now
remember that was immature, the rate would
be, I believe, $3 18 of tax per $100 assessed
by this Legislative Assembly during the first
year of its organic existence in the face of the
fundamental law of Congress which declared
that it should not exceed two per cent. I do
not vouch for this statement; and for the pur-
pose for which I am now speaking it is entirely
immaterial whether this statement is correct
or not correct. I hope it is incorrect, and I
hope it will turn out on investigation that the
Legislative Assembly has not undertaken to
defy the authority of Congress in fixing the
fundamental condition upon which it might
impose taxes, but has attempted and endeav-
ored to obey it. Suppose it, has, so much the
better for the the credit of the District, of
course. We can all understand that. But
we have now entered upon a new year. If
this condition that I speak of in the organic
act of February, 1871, was a wise one—and
rey honorable friend from Wisconsin, I think,
will agree with me that it was; certainly in
what he has said I have not heard him oppose
it, nor have I heard my friend from South Cai-
olina oppose it—if it was a wise and true prin-
ciple to assert in the form of a law, when we
committed to the people of this District the right
to tax each other and raise money for muni
cipal purposes in which they are all interested,
to put this limitation then, it is right now.
We have t ntered upon a new year; no taxes
are yet imposed in this new year—and here I
beg my friend fiom Wisconsin to listen to me,
because I have some faith to suppose that I
can convince him, for I know he only wants
to do that which is right and wise—we are
now for this year under the organic act enti-
tled to tax up to two per cent. ; 'no taxes have
been assessed within the new year at all;
and the way is clear, therefore, to vote the
$36,000 for .this year on these bonds. Adopt-
ing my amendment is only saying to the Dis-
trict I his $3(3,000, the six per cent, on this
$600,000, shall form one part of the two per
cent, you are authorized to levy, because you
are required in order to pay this debt which
we authorize you to make to levy this tax; a
court would compel you to levy it in order to
pay the creditor. Therefore this $36,000
stands as so much, some fraction of one per
cent., as my friend from South Carolina says,
of the valuation, whatever that may be. Then
my amendment says to the District, this shall
count as so much of the two per cent, for this
year, and in raising your additional tax for
your other purposes you shall go on and
keep within the limit. Is not that a fair thing
to do?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to inteirupt him for a moment,?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ceitainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will put
the amendment in such a form as to secure
what he ha-> just stated, I do not know that I
shall have objection. It certainly does not
secure that at present. If he will offer an
amendment to the organic law of theTerritory
which shall provide that they shall assess for
the purpose of paying the interest on these
bonds $30,000 a year, and for other purposes
such sum as addad to that will make two per
cent, on the valuation, I shall have no objec-
tion to that. But his amendment as it now
reads will have the District in this situation,
and will leave the creditors of the District to
hold these bonds in this situation : the power
of the District to levy taxes to pay the inter-
est on these bonds two years from now, for
instance, is to depend not upon the law, but-
upon what they themselves shall do, which
the creditor will have no control over, and
which no other person will have control
over. Now, if you separate the power of
taxation, and give them the power to raise
so much for the purpose of meeting these
bonds, and then restrict their other power of
taxation to whatever limit is wise—I do not
know anything about the precise amount—
then you save that difficulty. In other wo-ds,
you do not want to set a trap here by which
the creditors are to be taken in in the pur-
chase of these bonds and the District allowed
to repudiate them by levying the whole two
per cent, for another purpose,
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my honorable friend
were right in the argument that he now makes,
he has leveled the heaviest blow that any en-
emy of tne administration of the government
of tliis District has yet tboughtof against what
it, has already done, because with this limita-
tion, wlncli is of course controlling and para-
mount in the organic law, the District has
itself already issued four millions of its own
bonds under this limit as to taxation and is
receiving the money upon them now, and the
argument of my friend would go to show that
the Legislature of the District is under no
obligation to make a part of its taxation any
provision to pay these lour millions, but they
may go on and levy the whole two percent, for
other purposes and leave the four millions out
in the cold, and that there is no obligation upon
their part under the law to make any provision
for the payment within this limit of the four
millions they have already borrowed.
Mr. CARPENTER, if that is the state of
the ease—1 did not know it was, for 1 have
never inquired into it at all—suppose the local
government should go on next year and raise
the two per cent., and employ it entirely in
building streets and internal improvements
in the city, making no provision whatever
for paying the interest on the bonds? Now,
the bondholder comes into court for a man-
damus to compel ihe levying of a tax to pay
the interest on these bonds. If the Distuct
government can answer that they have levied
the whole amount of tax which by th^ law
they are authorized tu levy, and have already
expended it, then it is very clear a court can-
not issue a mandamus to compel the raising
of an additional tax to pay the interest on the
bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely; but. my
friend has forgotten, or has not, had his at-
tention called to the fart, that in the third
section of this act, of the Legislative Assembly
as applied to this particular subscription, or
loan, or whatever it may be, they have pro-
vided iu express terms, and by our affirmance
we make it the law which governs the author-
ities of this District, that tney shall levy a tax
which shall raise this $30,000 a year, and shall
also provide a sinking fund to pay the bonds at
ihe end of twenty years. I tu ink there is a
legal obligation by this proceeding, if we adopt
it in the form that it now stands without my
amendment, that the authoiities of mis Dis-
trict shall impose the tax necessary to cany
out the just duties that they owe to these credit-
ors, as of course they ought to do, to provide
for I hat. As 1 say, the act which the Legis-
lature passed expressly says so, as follows:
" That in order to meet the interest to accrue on
said boncb, there fhah be levied annually a tax of
six per cent, or sueh lower rate as may suffice."
