1-872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3059
I'froin some of the most important commercial and
noneyed interests in the land asking for extension
f this service. As a postal route, the Postmaster
eneral states that it is very imperfect at present,
nd " a majority of the letters " go via England. In
3 fiscal year 1869—70 we exchanged with Brazil by
imerican steamers 166,000 letters, yielding over
?renty thousand dollars. With British opportuni-
^es constantly increasing, and with no increase of
bur own, these receipts must be diminished; but it
*3 claimed that to double the American service will
mmediately treble this amount.
. In a national and commercial point of view the
entire people of the United States feel the deepest
B6 interest in the Brazil trade. We aro dependent on
rsBrazil for almost a necessary of life, importing thence
f^&nnually two hundred and fifty million pounds of
IWoffee. We are the largest single consumer of her
Cproduce. We should pay for this, if not with manu-
facturers, with our produce and provisions. The
reroute is in American waters. In last fiscal year we
^■ /exported to Brazil the value of $5,945,307. We inx-
r ^ported thence $30,560,468. The imports and exports
| of Great Britain in the same trade balance each
/other. They now seek to do more—to cut off our
\exports by triangular voyages, going direct to
cBrazil from Great Britain and returning via New
I^York. By perfect transportation they defeat the
^laws of nature. We consume twice as much coffee
as England, but she exports to Brazil between six
, ?and seven time as much value as we do. France is
not far behind her in exports. Brazil and contigu-
ous markets purchase 1150,000,000 of imported arti-
cles; but they buy naturally from those who can
-'-furnish them at a stated early time. There is not a
.-•nation of Europe indifferent to this trade. Few
. nations are untaxed by their efforts to secure it.
. .Nature offers a large portion of it to the United
* :States, but the efforts of other nations exact from
us the highest class of transportation. France alone
pays over five hundred thousand dollars currency per
s annum (2,306,172 francs) for mail service, (monthly,
• we believe.)
We find much of interest on this point in the dis-
patches of Mr. Blow, United States minister to
, Brazil. (Senate Document 92, Forty-First Congress,
second session.) " While we have been paying gold
* almost entirely for our coffee to Brazil, othernations
, more remote buy almost entirely with their manu-
factured goods and produce," simply because their
early efforts "were directed to establishing close
and rapid communication by every means in their
power/' Again, he says, our produce and manufac-
tures "are. now needed at remunerative prices, but
are kept back for the want of regular and fair trans-
. portation." "A people payingS60,000,OOOper annum
_ for an article so essential as coffee have a right to
demand the most enlightened legislation in regard
to it." "Almost every day some splendid steamer
arrives with every article needed by the people of
' Brazil from England and continental European
ports." "We have a steamer once a month, while a
dozen throe-thousand ton steamers would soon be
- fully employed." The greatest need of the masses
of Brazil is bread, and as they become accustomed
to flour and corn the consumption of their mandioca
will decline.
"The production of coffee can be increased in
quantity more readily than of sugar and cotton.
" The fact stares us in the face that the consump-
tion of coffee, even at the high price it has com-
manded and at the high duty it has paid, has in-
• creased so rapidly in the United States [Mr. Blow
dates doubtless from 1865] as to threaten us with a
rate where it will cease to be within the reach of the
masses of our people, who regard it as a necessity."
In confirmation of this, it is certain that in 1870 the
consumption of coffee exceeded the importation.
The production of coffee, estimated by Mr. Blow
to be five hundred million pounds in 1870, was fifteen
million three hundred and twelve thousand pounds
in 1820, having been multiplied thirty-three times
in fifty years.
Four millions of emancipated negroes are being
added gradually to our coffee consumers, and our
need of coffee is notlikely to diminish. Any policy
which will cheapen coffee will benefit our people at
large. They consume annually over seven pounds
' per capita. Each cen t per pound saved in price rep-
resents near three million dollars saved to them.
Increased scope of business will be followed by
greater interchanges of products, and, of course, by
lower freights and increased importations. In this
way the price will be reduced. The importations
of coffee for some years after the establishment of
the Brazil line of steamers averaged annually one
hundred million pounds, more than for some years
previous. In 1865 two hundred and thirty-eight
vessels from Brazil entered our ports. In fiscal year
1870-71 the entries were five hundred and five, bo
that through limited imperfect intercourse the ton-
nage has more than doubled in five years. The last
fiscal year shows seventy vessels more than 1869-/0.
But there is another side of the picture. With in-
ferior transportation we cannot command remit-
tances—sailing vessels available to fetch and carry
can no longer command commerce. Certainty and
speed are needed. There was cleared for Brazil in
1869-70 the number of two hundred and ninety-seven
vessels; in 1870-71 the number was two hundred and
eighty-eight. A decrease of nine in clearances, an in-
crease of seventy in entries, prcsentsignificant facts.
In 1859 our clipper ships weresupreine on the ocean,
in this trade, at least. Brazil then afforded a mar-
ket for five hundred thousand barrels of flour. In
fisoal year 1870-71 our shipments were considerably
less; we believe in calendar year 1871 they were less
lay one fourth.
" $he following table presents other articles of ex-
port, contrasting the United States with foreign
nations;
g § I g 8 f § i
B B « ■ S-? t
>-t> >-k *i a a
g g i o ? B 5
° ° - p- 2 P g
£ C
® <S>
CO
w 1
as :
o •
^ :
£* & :
g © :
2. J
:
O W M ^ to
00
cno2?co
gwj,
5J S 9
a o) ^ w ci w
oS5o©a>ooo
o o o o —-I o o o
<=>«=> o
>c. ^ to <r w
OJ o cn H-4 '
"--T CO CO O O
£
w
cs;
5"
Value of eight articles above, (omitting hardware,)
in one year, we have furnished her at all
ports    $244,408
The world furnished her—
At Rio alone $18,158,550
At Bahia alone  5,390,255
Total $23,548,805
Our total contribution of the articles named
amounts to a little more than one dollar in $100 of
her imports at two ports only.
It is stated that nearly one hundred thousand tons
of British steamers ply between English and South
American ports; certainly the mere increase of
British exports to Brazil, between 1867 and 1869,
was over seven million dollars, a sum largely ex-
ceeding our entire exports. There is another im-
portant feature in this trade. Our Government
allows an abatement of duty on eoffer; damaged on
arrival. There are returns at the Treasury from the
principal ports as follows, forthe year 1871, calendar
duty at three cents per pound; with former duty of
five cents per pound, the same percentage of damage
would represent two thirds more money:
Allowances, in gold, for damages on coffee imported
by sailing vessels:
At New York  $64,094 82
At Baltimore  46,529 44
At New Orleans  40,092 06
At Mobile  6,048 96
At Boston  2,996 69
At Philadelphia  2,360 00
At San Erancisco  3,950 34
At Charleston    565,65
Total $166,637 96
Or, at fifteen per cent., in currency, over one hun-
dred and nmety-one thousand dollars.
The allowances for damages by steamer, same
period, were; atNew York, gold,$2,416; Baltimore,
none; New O-rleans, none; San Francisco, $214. _
The damage by steamer is insignificant, but it is
difficult to state the relative percentage. Itisprob-
ably one tenth as great as that by sailing vessels. We
have thus virtually paid from two hundred thousand
to throe hundred and fifty thousand dollars, ac-
cording to rate of duty, for maintaining sailing
vessels, two thirds of them foreign, driven from the
European trade by superior transportation. With
first-class steamers fetching coffee, this would be
saved. We have had the refuse trade and paid this
sum. If wisely applied, it would have built up our
commerce with Brazil permanently through steam-
ships.
In every point of view, perfect steamship service
with Brazil is important, but it cannot be had with-
out the patronage of the Government. Foreign
nations can obtain equal speed and capacity with
two thirds of the capital employed and two thirds
of the running expenses; stili they grant large mail
pay in addition, satisfied that it is returned mani-
fold into their treasuries.
Our Government has paid the Brazil line, for mail
pay, a little over one dollar per mile—$150,000 for
one hundred and forty-three thousand miles of ser-
vice. They have received even less than this from
Brazil. This is much less than we have granted to
other important lines, and experience shows that it
is not enough. Brazil is not likely to grant any
more than she pays now. With creditable energy
the Brazil company propose double service for in-
creased pay, instead of asking higher pay for service
necessarily disjointed. They have also adopted our
view to include two steamers of twenty-five hun-
dred tons each, in the tonnage employed, so as to
provide ample capacity.
Your committee are of opinion that the extension
of this service is a practical necessity to retain our
present commerce with Brazil and to assert natural
claims for extended commerce and pay for necessary
imports with our own produce and manufactures.
They do not ask for unreasonable mail pay, and we
recommend the passage of the accompanying bill,
which grants the least compensation that will main-
tain proper service on a footing of justice to all.
Before the reading of the report was con-
cluded,
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not particular to
.hear that report. I thought it was a report
from the Post Office Committee.
Mr. NYE. It is.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg your pardon. That
is taken from the Commercial Relations. Those
things are very familiar. I have been listen-
ing for something from the Post Office Com-
mittee. I wish the Post Office report; that is
on commerce. I want to hear from the Post
Office Committee. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the Secretary is reading from a
report of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, submitted by the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] its chairman.
Mr. CHANDLER. Everything there is
familiar to me, and hence it is not worth while
to read any more from that report. 1 should
have been glad to hear something about the
Post Office relations in connection'with Brazil.
I was perfectly aware that our imports from
Brazil were thirty millions and our exports
about four millions, and I never heard of any
nation being very desirous of increasing that
kind of traffic where it pays out six or seven
dollars in coin for every dollar's worth of mer-
chandise it sends out. I was likewise perfectly
aware that this line brought into the Treasury
some four million dollars duty on coffee;
but it did not make a difference of one six-
pence to the Treasury whether the coffee came
in sailing ships or in these steamships. I was
likewise aware that this same steamship com-
pany applied for a bounty of twenty dollars a
ton on all the coffee brought by the line. I
told them that I did not know that it made any
difference to the consumers of coffee in the
United States whether that coffee came by
their steamship line or by sailing ships from
Brazil.
Mr. President, I am utterly opposed to this
scheme; and unless the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have something to say
about Post Office business, 1 will thauk them
not to lecture the Committee on Commerce
about our commercial relations.
Mr. NYE. Perhaps some of the rest of us
are not quite so fortunate as our distinguished
friend from Michigan. Those that are not I
think would like to hear this report read
through. If the Committee on Commerce
knew about this before they have not told us
of it. We are glad to get it second-handed.
Mr. COLE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce will substitute some re-
port relating to the commerce of the country
for this I should like to hear it. I presume
he has put forth in his official capacity us
chairman of that committee some report in
favor of encouraging the commerce of the
country.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly I have. I
presented a bill from the Committee on Com-
merce something more than a year ago that
would have given us five lines of steamships,
and six ships to the line, and three-thousand
ton ships. We should have had thirty steam-
ships of three thousand tons each on the ocean
to-day had you adopted the recommendations
of that committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee never called
up the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, but it was talked
out.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator has ever done
