372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
extreme old a?e it was the last pulsation of his .
heart. But it placed the young emigrant in direct ;
opposition to the whole system on which Hagsachu- ;
setts was founded; and gentle and forgiving a? was ;
his temper, prompt as he was to concede everything !
which honesty permitted, he always asser.ted his j
belief with temperate firmness and unbending benev- :
'*Sosoon,therefore, as Williamsarrived in Boston, j
he found hira elf among the New England churches, :
but not ol them, 'fhey had not yet renounced the
use of force in religion; and he could not with his
entire mind adhere to churches which retained the
offensive features of English legislation. What,
then, was the connection in the colony, when it was
found that the people of Salem des-ired to receive
him a3 their teacher! The court of Boston 'mar-
veled'at the precipitate decision, and the people
of Salem were required to forbear, Williams with-
drew to the settlement of Plymouth, and remained
there about two years. But his virtues had won the
affections of the church of Salem; and the apostle
of intellectual liberty wad once more welcomed to
their confidence. He remained the object ol public
jealousy. IIow mild was his conduct is evident from
an example. He had written an essay on the nature
of the tenure by which the colonists held their lands in
America; and he had argued that an English patent
could not invalidate the rights ot the native inhab-
itants. The opinion sounded, at first, like treason
against the cherished charter of the colony; Wil-
liams desired only the offensive manuscript might
be burned; and so effectually explained its purport
that the court applauded his temper, and declared
'that the matters were not so evil, as at first they
seemed."—History of the United States, vol. 1, pp.
367-69.
" It was objected to him, that his principles sab-
verted all good government. The commander of
the vessel ot State replied Williams, may maintain
order on board of the ship, and see that it puisues
its coursesteadily. even though the dissenters of the
crew are not compelled to attend the public prayers
ot their companions.
" But the controversy finally turned on the ques-
tion of the rights and duty of magistrates to guard
the minds of the people against corruption, and to
punish what would seem to them error and heresy.
Magistrates, Williams protested, are but the agents
of the people, or its trustees, on whom no spiritual
power m matters of worship can ever be conierred;
since conscience belongs to the individual and is not
the property of the body-politic; ar-d with admirable
dialectics clothing the great truth in Us boldest and
most general forms, he asserted that' rhe civil magis-
trate may not intermeddle even to stop a church
from apostacy and heresy,' that hi« power extends
only to the bodies and goods and outward state of
men.' With corresponding distinctness he foresaw
the influence of his principles on society.
'*' The removal of the yoke of soul-oppression.'* to
use the words in which at a later day ho confirmed
his early views, 'as it will piove an act of mercy and
righteousness to the enslaved nations, so it is of
binding force to engage the whole and every inter-
est and conscience to preserve the common liberty
and peace/
"The same magistrates who punished Eliot, the
apostle of the Indian race, for censuringtheirmeas-
ures,could not brook theindependenceof Williams;
and the circumstances of the times seemed to them
to justify their apprehensions."—lb., pp. 370-71.
The question was then taken upon con-
curring in the resolutions of the Senate ; and
they were concurred in.
GOVERNMENT OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, to which I think
there will be no objection;
Itesolced, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed by the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives. who«e duty it shall be to inquire into the
condition ot the government oi Louisiana, so far as
regards the administration and execution ot the la ws
of the United States and the safety of the lives and
property of citizens thereof, and to report the same
to this House with such recommendations as they
may deem expedient; and that said committee be
authorized to employ a clerk and stenographer, to
send for persons and papers, to take testimony under
oath, to hold their sessions m this city or elsewhere,
as they myy deem necessary, the expense of said com-
mittee to be paid out of the contingent fund of the
House ot Representatives.
Mr. COGHLAN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia will withdraw his objection 
Mr. COGHLAN. I object to the consider-
ation of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
TKKAS ELECTION CONTEST,
Mr. KERR. I desire to offer a resolution
fhr reference to the Committee of Elections.
It has reference to a case pending before that
committee.
The Clerk read as follows;
Resolved, That in the contested-election case of
Giddingsps. Clarke, from third congressional district
; ot Texas, the sixty days allowed by law in which to
i take testimony, <hall commence on the 1st day of
; February next and clo«e fixty day.* thereafter; that
' the evidence shall be limited to. and taken within,
i the counties the votes in which were rejected in
York, for a modification of the present tax on
savings banks.
\ By Mr. POTTER: The petition of the trus-
! tees of the Momsaiua Savings Bank and others,
wiw     - - -- I for a repeal of the tax on savings institutions.
whole or in part, as^ i % Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Eliza
Davis, Governor ot iexas, to w . i. ularrk, to it, > .. .r
- -■ ' ' i McLean, for arrears ol pension.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of Sarah A.
, Johnson, for a pension.
< By Mr. WAKEMAN : The petition of sun-
'] dry growers and manufacturers of tobacco, for
!i a uniform tax.
Bosque, Brazos. Freestone, Limestone, and Wash
ington. and to the countiesot Galveston and Austin,
in which it is alleged by contestant that votes were
polled and put in the rejected box and not counted
by the re I urn judges, and the counties of Navarro
and Grimes, in which it was alleged that the ballot-
hoses weie stuffed; that inasmuch as Hon. W. T.
Ci.aiike has no residence in the State ot'Texas at
which notices may beserved by leaving them there-
at, he be required to designate some person residing
in said district upon whom notices may be served ;
that cither party may take the testimony of wit-
nesses in the District of Columbia before any officer
authorized by law, giving the opposite party ten
days' notice of time and place of taking 
Mr. HOAR. There is no need of reading
that resolution further. I object to it.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly em oiled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 56) donating certain
condemned cannon for a soldiers' monument;
when the Speaker signed the same.
MATE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Cobb
until Monday next; and to Mr. Perry, of
New York, and Mr. Comixgo, for five days.
WITHDRAWAL, OF PAPERS.
Mr. NBGLBY' asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Andrew J. Carroll.
Then, on motion of Mr. CONNER, (at three
o'clock and twenty-live minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rulp, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Catharine
Barry, for relief.
By Mr. DUELL: The memorial and accom-
panying papers of Sarah S. Trapp, praying for
relief.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Birdsall
J. Perrigo, of Holley, New York, for relief
against the loss of a United States bond for
$500, with accompanying papers and letters.
Also, the petition of Spencer B. Peugh,
David B. Peugh, E. H. Peugh and others, for
a uniform tax on the gallon, without other tax
on distillers or machinery.
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petition of At-
kins, Steele & White and others, praying for
repeal of the duty on foreign hides and raw
skins. '
Also, the petition of John Black and others,
praying for a change in the laws regulating the
sale of distilled spirits.
Also, the petition of the Grand Army of the
Republic of Wisconsin, praying that the laws
be so modified as to dispense with any definite
residence on the part of honorably discharged
soldiers prior to locating lands.
By Mr. MONllOE: The petition of S. P.
Ward, ptajing Congress to grant him royalty
on his patent, used by the Post Office Depart-
ment.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Moses
Granger and 20 others, asking for an equaliza-
tion of bounties
By Mr. NIBLACK : The memorial of W. C.
Johnson & Co. and 4 others, citizens of Vin-
eenries. Indiana, praying for certain amend-
ments to the laws taxing distilled spirits.
By Mr. PENDLETON: Ihe memorial ot
J. f. Id.iilfv and some (16 others, citizens of
Newpott, Uh'ide island, praying for the repeal
of the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. PERKY, (if New York: The peti-
tion of the trustees of the Mechanics' and
Farmers' Savings Institution, of Albany, New
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 12. 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Kev. J. G. Bl-tler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that when
the House adjourns to day it be to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by wh eh the motion was agreed
to: and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
committees will be called for reports of a pri-
vate nature. The morning hour begins at ten
minutes past twelve o'clock. Repoits are in
order from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
m a kg a11et lee.
Mr. PECK, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (El. R. No. S92)
granting a pension to .Margaret, Lee; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Margaret Lee, mother of David
Lee, late a private in company B. fourteenth
Ohio volunteers, and to pay hera pension from
and after the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH KENYON
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. R. No. S'.tf) granting a pen-
sion to Elizabeth Kenyon ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Elizabeth Kenyon, widow ot John T.
Kenyon, late private company A, icgi-
ment Rhode Island cavalry, and pay her a
pension from the 28th of September. IMi;;,
during her widowhood.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask that the reoort of
the committee be read.
Mr. PECK. There isnoicport, a"Compan\-
ing the bill. This bill has been passed hv the
Committee on Invalid Pensions unanimously.
It was rejected, for want of proof, by the Com-
missioner of Pensions. The proof has been
furnished to the committee, and we recom-
mend the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion t,o reconsider be laid on the
tahle.
The latter motion was agreed to.
