320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Free, Trade—Mr. MoNeely.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
such trade? Bat even if there should seem
to be some reason why these two articles of
manufacture should be singled out from all
others and taxed, would it. not be better to
place them where they were before the war,
upon the same footing with other manufac-
tured articles, and tax both spirits and to-
bacco only as other property, than to retain
in office the supervisors, collectors, spies,
detectives, informers, and the political ma-
chinery necessary to collect the tax, with the
expense, presidential patronage, and vicious
influence which they exert?
the tariff.
Mr. Chairman, let us briefly examine the
other branch of our financial system. The
word " tariff" has a very appropriate deriva-
tion. During the twellth century Tarif ibn
Malik, a Moorish robber, crossed over from
Africa with his followers and took possession
of the Spanish shore of the straits of Gibral-
tar, where he built a walled town which was
called Tarifa. History tells us that "here
during the Moorish domination all vessels
passing through the straits were stopped and
compelled to pay duties at fixed rates, whenee
the word 1 tariff' in English and other lan-
guages."
To be just to this Moorish chief we must
confess that his exactions were more just and
less burdensome than those of our tariff. He
levied duties for revenue onlywe levy them
for the purpose of taking money out of the
pockets of the toiling millions to feed and
enrich a few favored manufacturers. He
robbed strangers only; our tariff robs kith and
kin. In 1292 Sancho el Bravo effected a
reform in the trade of the Mediterranean by
capturing Tarif's castle, just as we ought to
capture and sell for some useful purpose our
custom-houses, the castles of our tariff. Trade
should go as free and unhindered into the
port of New York as through the entrance to
the Mediterranean.
protection.
While all other nations are approaching free
trade as they approach a'higher civilization,
we are going back to the Chinese system of
exclusion of those seeking to trade with.us,
and are repeating the folly of England in the
days of her infamous corn laws. Instead
of abolishing the entire tariff, as we should
do, we have since 1887 increased the rate of
duties upon our total imports from an average
of less than eight per cent, to an average of
over thirty-eight percent. Nor is there much
prospect of any reduction under this Adminis-
tration. We, who have the greatest abun-
dance of material for manufacture, and can
most easily and cheaply produce breadstuffs
and necessaries of life for the support of those
engaged in the business of manufacturing such
material, levy tribute upon those importing
from abroad, so as to protect the home manu-
facturer in a monopoly of the market. We
shut out competition and force the consumer
to pay more for what he buys than the article
would cost him if bought abroad and admitted
free of duty.
We are the only civilized people who have
a tariff for the pmpose of protecting manufac-
turers. • We are told that this is for the benefit
of the entire country; that the importers pay
the tax ; that instead of being a burden to the
consumer it cheapens the goods; and that it
protects labor. Is that the mission of those
manufacturers and their agents whom we see
every day filling the hotels, thronging the cori-
dors of this Capitol, button holing members
of Congress, and besieging the Committee of
Ways and Means? "Certainly not. They
want a tariff by which they can charge more
for their goods than they would be compelled
to take for them if we had free trade. That
is what they call their "protection" As a
specimen of their arguments addressed to
Congress I will have the Clerk read a letter
of the Morocco Manufacturers' Association,
written in 1870, to Mr. Kelley, then and now
a member of this House from Pennsylvania.
It is a protest against the repeal of duties on
lasting and serge, recommended by Mr. Wells,
then Commissioner of the Revenue.
The Clerk read as follows:
Philadelphia, January 20,1870.
Dear Sir: I inclose you herewith a remonstrance
signed by the morocco manufacturers against the
removal of the duty on serge goods, as recom-
mended by Commissioner Wells. It is only neces-
sary for me to call your attention to the fact that
serges are now selling at $1 20 per yard, that six
and three quarters feet of morocco is considered
equal to one yard of serge, and that the morocco
which would be used to compete with it we cannot
afford to sell for less than twenty-six cents per foot;
so that with the present duty $1 20 of serge will go
as far as $1 75 of morocco.
The Morocco Manufacturers' Exchange have
read your views of Commissioner Wells's report with
the greatest pleasure, and in connection with the
noble stand taken by you in favor of " protection
to American industry," have considered that it was
but necessary to lay this matter before you to se-
cure your interest, and thus prevent the consum-
mation of this great outrage upon one of the largest
branches of American industry.
Truly yours,
EDWARD S. DEERMER,
Secretary Morocco Manufacturers' Exchange.
Hon. W. D. Kelley, m. o.
Mr. McNEELY. There is the theory of
protection plainly stated. We have already
protected the morocco manufacturers by plac-
ing a tariff of twenty-five per cent, upon the
imported articles, and now they ask us to
raise the present tariff on serge and lasting
as an additional protection. They say that
" $1 20 of serge will go as far as $1 75 of
morocco," which, if used, would cheapen
shoes and make them more graceful, healthly,
and light; but they say it would be "a
great outrage" if the millions of women and
children who prefer such shoes should be per-
mitted to enjoy that blessing. Without further
illustration I will let these morocco manu-
facturers speak for all manufacturers their
language and designs are the same.
There is no honesty in a law which taxes
one man for the purpose of supporting another
man in his business. If a man undertakes a
business in competition with others similarly
engaged and finds that he cannot thrive at it,
let him quit it and engage in some other occu-
pation.
free exchange.
No man can produce all that his necessities
and comforts require, and must exchange his
surplus earnings for such surplus productions
of other people as he needs In making this
exchange he should be permitted to buy where
he can buy the cheapest and sell where he can
sell the dearest. God has made men and na-
tions dependent upon each other. As Hehas
given unto men abilities and tastes for different
occupations so He has blessed the different
countries of the earth with a diversity of soil
and climate, and what one people produce in
greater abundance than they need should be
given in exchange for such surplus productions
of other people as they need. This design of
the Creator we try to prevent by a tariff. If
an article can be manufactured in a foreign
country cheaper and better than it can be made
here, let us produce something else here,and
with its surplus production buy the foreign
article. This would benefit both countries. The
advocates of protection are shocked at this, and
say that we must encourage American indus-
try ; but they say this while wearing imported
clothing and with imported watches in their
pockets. They as well as everybody else
never buy an article of home manufacture if
they can get the imported article of as good
quality and for a less price. Which is the
cheapest and best ? is the question of all pur-
chasers, Sir, tiad<j should be as free between
the nations of the earth as it is between the
States of this Union.
tkotbotivk tariffs.
Bat, Mr. Chairman, I contend that duties,
whether high or low, when levied upon articles
manufactured or produced here, operate as a
protective tariff in favor of the home manu-
facturer or producer of such articles to the
extent of the duties so levied. The law of
1857 imposed upon the dutiable imports of
1860 an average tariff of a little over fourteen
per cent, ad valorem, and was called a revenue
tariff. During its existence of three years the
country was prosperous. We are indebted for
its beneficial effects upon trade to the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] who
sits in front of me, who, as chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported and
carried it through Congress. It was the nearest
approach to a revenue tariff we have ever made,
and yet it operated of necessity as an inci-
dental protection in favor of home manufac-
turers. By that law the importer wa8 compelled
to pay certain duties upon his goods before he
could sell them in our markets. Thepriceofthe
goods was thereby enhanced to the extent of
the duties thus added to their cost to the pur-
chaser, and the home manufacturer was to the
same extent protected from competition. The
tariff of 1857 was less burdensome and more
just to the consumer than the present one, and
had for its sole object the raising of rev-
enue for the support of the Government, while
the present tariff was made for the purpose
of supporting the manufacturers. The former
was a tariff for revenue with incidental pro-
tection, the latter is one for protection with
incidental revenue.
revenue tariff.
A revenue tariff, strictly speaking, cannot in-
clude articles manufactured or produced in this
country, yet I recognize a distinction between
a tariff levying duties upon other articles for
the purpose of raising revenue and one for the
purpose of protecting manufacturers and pro-
ducers. The former is one which raises the
largest amount of revenue possible, without
reducing the amount of imports, while the lat-
ter is one which reduces the amount of imports
by being so high as to discourage, and, to a
great degree, prohibit imports. The history
of our tariff legislation presents innumerable
instances where an increase of revenue fol-
lowed a reduction of the tariff, and where a
decrease of revenue followed an increase of
duties. The law of 1870, which went into
effect January 1, 1871, furnishes us with sev-
eral illustrations, among which are its effects
upon pig iron, tea, coffee, tombstones, and
other articles. The duties were by that law
reduced on pig iron from nine dollars to seven
dollars per ton ; on tea, from twenty-five cents
to fifteen cents per pound ; on coffee, from five
cents to three cents per pound, and were in-
creased on marble for tombstones from fifty to
one hundred and twenty-two and one hundred
and forty-eight per cent., in order to protect a
few persons interested in marble. The result
was imports of articles on which the duties
were reduced increased, and the duties col-
lected on pig iron, tea. and coffee, during the
six months immediately following the reduc-
tion of duties were $2,419,227 32 more than
they were during the six months immediately
preceding the reduction, while the revenue col-
lected on marble for tombstones during the
same time fell off from $116,016 to $6,890.
Other articles were similarly affected, but I
have not time to enumerate them.
High tariffs frequently so discourage or pro-
hibit imports as to raise little if any revenue,
while lower tariffs would so invite and stimu-
late foreign trade as to greatly increase im-
ports and increase the revenues derived from
them. For this reason the present duties upon
