3956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May >28?
peter pay under the present law an ad
valorem duty of about fifty-five per cent.
I need not state to the Senate that no salt-
peter which can be manufactured into gun-
powder for anything like permanent use can be
made artificially. The crude article is almost
exclusively the production of British India,
and at times our importations of saltpeter
have been very materially interfered with.
Indeed, at the opening of the war in 1861 they
were for a period arrested by the action of the
British Government when there was a prospect
of difficulty between the two countries. I do
not propose, it is not necessary for me to
make an argument to show that essential a
commodity as saltpeter should have its im-
portation encouraged, and not discouraged as
it at present is by so heavy a duty, which, as
I have stated, is equivalent on the average of
the three grades mentioned in the bill to
about fifty-five per cent, ad valorem. There
is a saltpeter—I think the nitrate of potash is
the technical term—which is manufactured,
but it is incapable of being kept for use for the
manufacture of gunpowder. It answers very
well for the cheaper description of powder for
blasting purposes; but as a munition of war
it is valueless ; it turns to lumps and other-
wise becomes defective.
On this subject I believe there is no doubt
whatever. Although the committee fixed the
duty at the figures I first stated, I much pre-
fer to see the duties lower, and were it regular
that I should do so, I would accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas, but I ap-
prehend I have no such authority, and the
qu«stiou therefore, unless it is desired to have
it still further reserved by the Senator from
New York, will occur upon the amendment
offered by the direction of the Finance Com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. What is that amend-
ment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the amendment to the
amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on
Finance report an amendment to come in at
page 13, after line one hundred and thirty, in
the following words:
On saltpeter, crude, one and a half cent3 per
pound; partially refined, two cents per pound;
refined, two and a half cents per pound.
It is proposed to amend this amendment so
as to read:
On saltpeter, crude, one centper pound: partially
refined, one and a half cents per pound; refined,
two cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
understand that the last amendment is pend-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment to the amendment, offered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, is pending.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Kansas
offered that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think it was so understood. If the question
is on the amendment to the amendment, I
shall vote against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The question being put, the ayes were fifteen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment, by an
understanding, was to be laid over, I under-
derstood, until the Senate was full, or until
we got through considering the questiofi in
Committee of the Whole and were in the Senate.
Then some Senator remarked that it would be
proper to divide the Senate upon it. So, by
unanimous consent, we passed it over. We are
not yet in the Senate, and we are a good way
from it. If, however, the Senate desire to
close the question now, I want to submit a very
few remarks, fori think there is some substance
in this amendment.
It is a question whether we will continue on
saltpeter a duty that is both exorbitant and
unjust. The present duty is over fifty percent,
on its value, and the reduction as reported from
the Committee on Finance leaves it over thirty
per cent. There is no interest here that I
know of that is to be protected by it. It is simply
adding to these who have to consume that arti-
cle, and it is consumed in very large quantities
and not produced in this country. A bogus
article is produced. There is a kind of salt-
peter made in this country, and there is an
interest engaged in the manufacture of it, but
it is not the genuine article ; it is not such as the
great interests in this country that are packing
beef and pork and other commodities of that
kind can use at all. The genuine saltpeter,
which I call the best article, which comes from
abroad, is put upon the market at such prices
that those who consume it in that way pay to
this Government sixty per cent. duty.
Then it is used largely in the manufacture
of gunpowder. I do not suppose they can
make good gunpowder out of the produced
saltpeter which is manufactured in this coun-
try. The imported article is used in very
large quantitities by a few gunpowder man-
ufacturers that we have in this country. I do
not know that we have more than two or three
left. Most of them are blown up. That is a
hazardous business,' and I do not know what
they have done that we need put upon the
article that they consume such a tariff as this.
It is not an industry that we want to discrim-
inate against. The Government manufactures
no powder. In other countries the Govern-
ments have their own powder-works. They
have them in France and in England. We have
two private establishments in this country that
do the whole of it almost.
When the war broke out we had no saltpeter,
and we allowed it to come in free. Then we
encouraged it. These establishments sus-
tained the Government for more than six
months in powder. Just as soon as we got
out of our necessities, just as soon as the con-
dition of things could possibly allow, when
we did not have to use gunpowder in such
large quantities, we ran up a tariff of sixty per
cent, upon saltpeter. Where is the necessity
of it? What is it for? My own opinion is
that we should have concurred with the House.
The House put this article on the free list, and
there is where it ought to be. But the Sena-
tor from Delaware moved an amendment from
the committee, and itseemsthe committee en-
tertained the idea that there should be some
duty collected from it. I do not know any
reason why there should not be something col-
lected from it, as well as on other articles that
are imported, and so I have simply reduced
the rates recommended by the committee. The
committee recommend one and a half, two,
and two and half cents according to the dif-
ferent grades. My amendment is one, one
and a quarter, and two cents, which reduces
about twenty per cent, the rates proposed in
the amendment of the commitee.
As the yeas and nays have been ordered,
and as this is as brief an explanation as I can
make, I will content myself with a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am informed
that this is a manufacture of this country, and
that the article produced is as good for making
gunpowder as any in the world.
Mr. POMEROY. The stuff that they make
in this country?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This saltpeter
that they maketo this country. You may call
it stuff.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not my informa-
tion. I have some information on the sub-
ject.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have such
information that I am satisfied I am right.
There is quite a considerable amount of it
made here, about three eighths of what is used,
I am informed.
Mr. POMEROY. Less than two eighths.
Mr. SAWYER. One half.
Mr. POMEROY. A half, including that
used in making gunpowder?
Mr. SAWYER. More than half the salt-
peter used in this country is made here, and it
is a better quality than any that is imported.
Mr. POMEROY. Then you are talking
about what is used in the manufacture of gun-
powder. There is not a quarter of that used,
produced in this country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is true
that there is a considerable amount of this
manufactured from nitrate of soda in this
country ; and it is also true that we need the
revenue. We import a very large amount;
and the proposition of the Finance Commit-
tee is to reduce it all around, and to fix the
rate of duty so that it shall be in proportion
to its value. The question will arise before
we get through with this bill as to the amount
of our reduction of tariff and internal taxes.
My own opinion is that as the bill stands it is
a very much larger reduction of taxation than
any Senator supposes. I fear that before we
get through we shall have to surrender some
things and leave the tax upon them, or leave
the tariff upon them, in order to sustain the
Government. At any rate, I hope we shall not
make any further reduction here.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator state what
is the approximate amount of reduction?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have not
got it so that we can give an accurate estimate,
but- my own estimate is something like sixty
million dollars.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator think
we cannot stand this reduction on saltpeter?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
ought not to go any further in that direction
than the Committee on Finance propose.
Mr. POMEROY. I always go with the
Senator from Vermont when he wants to pro-
tect some interest in this country that ought
to be protected, if it is labor. If it is labor I
am for protecting it; but I am not for pro-
tecting anything where I cannot see that the
interest needs to be buiit up. If the Senator can
make a case I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We do
make a large amount of saltpeter from nitrate
of soda.
Mr. POMEROY. We do not make the
best quality of saltpeter used in the manufac-
ture of gunpowder.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senator is mistaken.
Mr. POMEROY. Then when we get into
the Senate I shall read some authorities on
the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
want to spend any time on the subject now.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 16 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Corbeu, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry
of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlm, Iiarlan, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Logan, Pomeroy, Ransom, Saulsbury, Scburz,
Thurman, Vickers, and West—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Chand-
ler, ConkUng, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Robertson, Sawyer, Seott, Sherman,
and Wright—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Davis of
Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hill,
Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Norwood, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, P:ice.
Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart., Stockton,
Sumuer, Tipton, Trumbull,Wilaou, andWindom—84.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
