1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
upon the District to meet these obligations, it
should not be permitted to fold its hands and
say, "We are by law restricted and are unable
to do so." You may dispose ot' your bonds
and put them into the hands of other parties,
and they, holding them in good faith, come
forward and ask you to pay tie interest or prin-
cipal as they shall mature ; but the District,
if restricted, may say, "We have expended
all the amount which we are authorized by
law to tax, and therefore are unable to meet
our obligations."
This is not the way an individual would
meet the claims upon him. The individual is
bound to make any sacrifice that may be _ ne-
cessary of his property to meet his obligations
according to their tenor, to meet them at ma-
turity; and I do not see why a district, or a
city, or a State should be subject to any other
rale which should govern them in regard to
meeting their obligations. The limit which
should be imposed should be a limit which
would.curtail them in incurring liabilities, and
you should now, in my judgment, in order to
save the District from oppressive _ taxation,
prevent them from subscribing to this stock.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have been opposed
to this bill, and yet I have not seen fit to speak
against it because it came from my committee,
and was considered in my absence, and as 1
understood the committee were unanimous in
favor of the measure.
Mr. SPENCER. The committee were not
unanimous. I was opposed to it.
Mr. PATTERSON. Then I have misun-
derstood the facts in relation to it. I am
opposed to the bill for the reason that I saw
no occasion for the city or the District of
Columbia building a railroad into Virginia any
more than building one into Pennsylvania;
and if the argument is good for building a
road into Virginia, it is much stronger for
building one into Pennsylvania, where a coun-
try can be opened that produces something
that might be thrown into the market at Wash-
ington. I apprehend it is not the business of
this District to build a railroad into an unset-
tled country or an unproductive country. If
there is any object which the friends of this
bill have in view, it is to open a country which
shall supply the market of Washington. I
apprehend a road built North or West would
accomplish that object much better than one
built South. That is one reason why I am
opposed to the bill.
1 am opposed to it for another reason. _ I
do not want this District or this city laid
under heavy obligations which shall impose
enormous taxes upon its people. But, sir, I
do not care to speak on that point.
I am opposed to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin for the reason
that it makes the obligation imposed by this
bill paramount to all other obligations which
may be laid upon the city, or which have been
laid upon the city bv its past indebtedness. I
think there are other^ objects vastly more
important to this District and to the city of
Washington than this proposed railroad.^ 1
think the improvements which arc now going
on in the District of Columbia are vastly more
important to this District and to the city than
this proposed railroad, and if we are to lay
ourselves under heavy obligations for any-
thing, let it be for those improvements, atid
let them stand foremost rathev tnan. this rail-
road, or the obligations which we may lay our-
selves under to build this railroad, 1 am
opposed to this amendment lor that reason, i
do not want the railroad to stand before the
improvements of the city.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think I concur with
the Senator from New Hampshire m being
opposed to what he calls my amendment. It
is true I sent that paper to the Chair, but i
sent it as a substitute for the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont, because
I think it accomplishes in language the pur-
pose which the Senator in his speech said he
had in view, and wouLd put the matter straight
upon the record. I therefore suggested that
to him, and sent it to the desk to take the place
of his amendment.
In reply to what the Senator from Connec-
ticut says, as to authorizing this city to con-
tract indebtedness, and tying their hands as
to making payment, that depends entirely
upon whether the interest upon these bopds
and the other bonds of the city could possibly
exceed two per cent. If not, they would not
be trammeled at all in making that taxation,
and I, without any knowledge of the fact, as-
sumed that that would not come anywhere
near two per cent, of the valuation. But still
I think, however that fact may be, the ques-
tion is, as suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire, that we either ought to say this
District shall not contract this indebtedness,
or that it may contract it, and then put nothing
that cau look like a limitation upon the pay-
ment of these bonds, because the iuterest of
the District, if they are to issue the bonds at
all, requires that they should be able to nego-
tiate them upon the most favorable circum-
stances ; and with any provision that can be
put upon the power, and the one which I sent
to the desk I think only preferable to that of-
fered by the Senator from Vermont, it seems
to me the sale of bonds would be depreciated
by even that provision, and I think it would
be better to leave it without any limitation on
the subject.
If this territorial government, for instance,
is disposed to run recklessly riot in the con-
tracting of debts, if it does not consult the
interests of the people, if it does not keep itselt
fairly within the limitations of the organic act,
it is constantly in the power of Congress to
discipline it to the extent of taking away its
power; and it seems to me we can apply that
remedy at any and all times, so as to prevent
any glaring abuses of it. If it has beenabused,
let us take it in hand at once, and if we can-
not prevent abuses in the exercise of the
power, let us take away the power. I should
not much regret taking away that act alto-
gether. I doubt the beneficial effect of it, and
always did.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If this legisla
tion has the incidental effect of altering and
repealing the organic act under which the
government of the District was created, which
I do not think it does, I think it is eminently
proper that the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, or of the Senator from Wis-
consin, should be adopted. Congress delib-
erately entered into that arrangement. It is
a contract with the people. It is tlie arrange-
ment upon which society has been established
here, that that should be the rule, and we are
not at liberty to alter it any more than we
would be at liberty to alter any constitutional
provision. Other people have rights besides
bondholders.
Why, Mr. President, if you take away that
limit of two pel* cent, on taxation, you will
damage the people of this District twenty
times more than those railroads can do them
good, even if you'measure their benefit accord-
ing to the most flattering view. In this city
are hundreds and thousands of property-hold-
ers for small amounts. The very way to de-
prive them of their property is by taxation.
They are colored people. They will not sell
their places, but you may, by pavements, and
grading, and taxation, compel them to sell
their property, and there are plenty of sharks
standing around to seize their property in that
exigency. .
This is a provision in the organic lav/ for
the benefit ol tlie poor property-holders of
this District. Rich men can take care of
themselves. When the emergency comes that
their property is to be sold for taxes, they will
go in and buy that property at forced prices,
and make money out of it; .and it has been
hinted to me by more than one in this city that
the very purpose of crowding on taxation ia
to get possession of property from those who
are unwilling voluntarily to sell it.
I hold that this fundamental provision lim-
iting the taxation to two per cent, is a contract
with the people, and it is for the protection of
those who have limited amounts of property in
this District. Capitalists do not want protec-
tion. Their harvest would be at these forced
There is nothing in the idea that these bonds
will not sell if this amendment be placed on
the bill, because all the bonds that have been
sold have been sold under just that law. At
any rate, if they will not sell, it is a great deal
better that we should protect the property and
let the bonds,go unsold than that we should
sell the bonds and subject property to this
unlimited taxation.
Mr, SAULSBURY. I intend to vote agaiust
this proposition to approve the act of the ter-
ritorial Legislature, and 1 propose to give the
reasons for that vote. Had I been a member
of the territorial Legislature when that act was
pending, 1 should have felt it my duly to cast
my vote against it, for the reason that it pro-
poses to tax the people of this District who are
already sufficiently burdened with taxation, in
my judgment. When I look at the public debt
of this District, when I find that they have a
public debt already existing of nearly nine
million dollars, which must be met by taxation
upon the property of the District, I come to
the conclusion that that taxation is most oner-
ous indeed ; and therefore, had I been in the
territorial Legislature when the proposition was
offered to increase the public debt of the Dis-
trict and to subject the property of the District
to further taxation, I should not have felt at
liberty to cast my vote for it.
The proposition comes here, and the ques-
tion is, shall I approve the act of the territorial
Legislature authorizing the subscription of
$600,000 to the stock of a railroad company?
I know nothing about the railroad. Some
statements have been made that it is a railroad
in theory only, that it has no substantial exist-
ence. Of that I know nothing. But it mat-
ters not to me whether it would be the most
advantageous railroad that could be made com-
ing to this city, or not. Whatever might be
the character of the railroad, however profit-
able to the section of country through which
it passed, however advantageous it might be
to some local interests, 1 would not vote to
increase the public debt of this District one
dollar, even though that railroad might pass
through my own State. I have nothing against
Virginia ; 1 think she is as prouda State asatiy
other in this Union; and 1 would go as far to
extend aid to Virginia and the people of Vir-
ginia as any other State or the people of any
other State in the Union ; but I will not by
any vote or act of mine increase the burdens
of the people of this District, when I know
from the records of the District that they are
now subjectedto most onerous taxation. Why,
sir, they have bonds already on the market,
as I am informed, to the amount, of four or
five million dollars. This District has a popu-
lation, it is said, of about three hundred thou-
sand souls- 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is only a little over
one hundred thousand.
Mi-. SAULSBURY. 1 thought this city was
over one hundred thousand. 1 am told by a
Senator near me that it is one hundred and
sixty thousand ; and yet with that sparse pop-
ulation it is proposed now to increase the
public debt, and to meet the interest on that
public debt by taxation upon the people.
What is the effect upon the property m this
city? And I speak of that becausel own no
property here; but when a proposition is sub-
mitted to me to tax the property of other per-
sons, I must look and see whether that prop-
erty is able to bear it. When I look around
