1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
propose to reject the treaty of Washington, but
to relieve from the effects of that treaty those
branches of business and commerce which are
crushed down it. The resolutions ought to
go to the Committee oti Commerce. _
The SPEAKER. T?he question is one for
the House to settle, if the gentlemen differ upon
it. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
moves that the resolutions be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] moves^ to
amend that motion by striking out "Foreign
Affairs" and inserting " Commerce."
Mr. SCOFIELD. Everything relating to
the subject of the treaty of Washington has
gone to the Committee on Foreign Affairs so
far.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is not a question of
foreign relations at all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Several bills on this sub-
ject have been referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. That may be true, but this
is not a matter of foreign affairs, but of the
effects of the treaty on commerce.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then thegentlemanshould
call back the bills which have been referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, that all
matters relating to the treaty may go together.
Mr. HOLMAN. The subject of these reso-
lutions is before the Committee on Commerce
already.
Mr. HALE. Not so far as the fishery inter-
ests are concerned.
Mr. HOLMAN. Fes, sir.
Mr. CONGEE. Several such matters have
been referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and are now receiving the attention of that
committee.
The question being taken on Mr. Bol-
ivian's amendment, it -was agreed to : and the
resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
salks op ordnance stokes.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That the Cummittee on Expenditures in
the War iiepartrnent, in lieu of the investigation
ordered by resolution of February 26, be directed to
investigate all sales of ordnance stores made by the
Government of the United States during the fiscal
year ending 30th of June. A. 1). 1871; to ascertain
the persons to whom such safes were made, the
circumstances under which they weie made, the
sums respectively paid by said purchasers to the
United States, the disposition made of the proceeds
of said sales; and that said committee also inquire
and report whether any- member of the Senate .or
any other American citizen is. or has been, in
communication or collision with the Government
or authorities of France, or with any agent or
officers thereof, in reference to the said matters;
and that the committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers; and tha.t the investigation be con-
ducted in public.
Mr. DAWES. I should like; before any
gentleman proposes to raise a committee of
investigation on the conduct of a member of
the Seriate, that lie should stand in his place
here and be responsible for some charge
against the conduct of some member of that
body.
Mr. LYNCH. Ilave no objection to strike
that out. I made the resolution correspond
with that now before the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the example
is a good one. Jf the gentleman has any
grontid for soch an inquiry he should state it.
Mr. LYNCH. As I have stated, I agree to
modify the resolution in that respect.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Let it be again
read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the resolution.
CHINAMEN IN* THE ISLAND OF CUBA.
Mi. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following report from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs :
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to which was
referred the resolution ca.llingupon the President for
information concerning the reenslavement of China-
men by the decree of Captain General Valmaseda,
and human slavery in the island of Cuba, has con-
sidered the same, and reports it to the House with a
recommendation that it pass:
Resolved, That the President be requested to fur-
nish this House, if not incompatible with public in-
terests, all information in possession of the State
Department relative to the reindenture or ree'nslave-
ment of Chinamen in the island of Cuba, by deorees
lately issued by Captain General Valmaseda, and
what action, if any, has been taken by the Executive
to prevent the extension of human slavery contem-
plated by said decrees.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the report be ac-
cepted.
The question was put, and the report was
agreed to.
CONSULAR AND COMMERCIAL AGENTS.
Mr. BANKS. I submit the following re-
port, which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on ^Foreign Affairs, to which was
referred a resolution introduced hy Hon. Mr. Cox,
January 22,1872, calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury tor information, has considered the same,
and make the following report:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to transmit to this House
copies of all reports and correspondence received
and on file at the Treasury Department, from each
and all the agents appointed under the act of Con-
gress to advise, instruct, or superintend the consular
and commercial agents of the United States.
2. That he bo directed to inform this House if, in
his opinion, any further legislation by Congress^ is
needed to enable the consular and commercial
agents of the United States in foreign countries to
ascertain and report the true market value of mer-
chandise exported from their respective consular or
commercial districts and imported into the United
States, and to protect the customs revenue, by re-
quiring that such agents shall not certify to the cor-
rectness of invoices of such mercha ndise, as required
by the act of Congress approved March 3,1863, until
they are satisfied by personal inspection or other-
wise that the valuation in said invoice is correct
and true.
3. That he be directed to inform the House how
many of the consular and commercial agents of the
United States abroad either speak or write the lan-
guage of the country in which their districts are
situated, and the language in which the commercial
business therein is chiefly carried on.
4. That he he directed to furnish to this House a
statement of the fees reeeivedin gold or silver or its
equivalent during the last fiscal year, by each con-
sular and commercial agentot the United States for
certifying invoices, and all other official acts.
That according to a statement received from the
Secretary of the Treasury the information called for
by tho first paragraph of the resolution was trans-
mitted to the House December 4,1871.
The committee reports in favor of the call for in-
formation contained in the second and fourth para-
graphs of the resolution; and that the call for
information contained in the third paragraph be
directed to tho Secretary of State instead of to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
N. P. BANKS, Chairman.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the resolution
be passed.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLICATION OF SUPREME COURT OPINIONS.
Mr. STRONG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judioiary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law for the prompt publication of the judicial
opinions of the United States Supreme Court as soon
as the same shall be publicly announced.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. SLATER. I ask unanimous consent
to have a bill considered now, House bill No.
1297, amendatory of an act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
passed July 2, 1862, and the acts amendatory
thereof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. SLATER. I hope the gentleman will
allow the reading of a letter from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. He
would see from that that the bill is proper and
ought to pass.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must insist
upon the regular order.
CLEARING-HOUSE EXCHANGES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences, at twelve o'clock and twetity-five
minutes, and the House resumes the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 1761) to facili-
tate banking-house exchanges.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre ■
tary of the Treasury to receive United States
notes on deposit without interest from the
national banks in the cities of New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, St. Louis, and
Cincinnati, in sums not less than $10,000, and
to issue certificates therefor in such form as the
Secretary may prescribe, and in 'denomina-
tions of not less than $5,000, which certificates
shall be payable on demand in United States
notes at the place where the deposits there-
for were made. The second section provides
that such certificates shall be held and counted
by said banks as part of their legal reserve,
and be used by them in the settlements of
their clearing-house balances. The third sec-
tion provides that nothing contained in this
act shall be construed to authorize any expan-
sion or contraction of the currency.
Mr. MERRIAM. When 1 framed the bill
to facilitate bank clearing-house exchanges,
(under discussion when the morning hour ex-
pired yesterday,) I embodied a clause to make
the deposits hi the Treasury special deposits,
to be held for the redemption of the certifi-
cates to be issued to the banks. As this sec-
tion might be construed as compelling the
Secretary to seal up the identical Utlited States
notes deposited, and to hold them in the sub-
Treasuries where deposited, and as many of
these notes are so mutilated as to require their
return, destruction, and replacement by new
notes, I erased, at the suggestion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, this section, ahd sub-
stituted section three, which reads:
That nothing contained in this act shall be con-
strued to authorize any expansion or contraction of
the currency.
My colleague from New York [Mr. PottkiiJ
requests that the words "shall be held as
special deposits" be restored in the bill.
I am instructed by the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency to move to add to section
three of the bill the following;
But tho notes for which said certificates are issued
shall be held as special deposits for the redemption
ot such certificates; and nothing in this act shall
be construed to prevent the Treasurer from trans-
ferring them from one point to another if the re-
quirements of the Treasury may seem to demand
it: Provided, That the Treasurer shall also hold in
the Treasury tho full amount of United States notes
equal to that represented by such certificates.
Mr. SHELDON. I hope the gentleman
from New York will agree to an amendment
to insert New Orleans in that bill.
Mr. MERRIAM. I am willing to allow that
amendment to be offered, and I ask the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to propound a question to
him.
Mr. MERRIAM. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does not this
bill, in spite of the proviso, clearly inflate the
currency ? As I understand it, all these banks
are now required by law to have a certain
amount of deposits in the central banks named
in the bill; they must have the money there
now, whether we pass this bill or not. Bat
the passage of this bill will allow thein to take
out a certificate of deposit to the full amount
of the currency which they are compelled to
keep in the central banks, and they are to be
allowed to use those certificates of deposit as
a clearing-house certificate, which is exactly
the use the money itself is now pat to. In
other words, this bill allows them to double
the entire amount of effective currency that
they now ordinarily keep on deposit in these
central banks. Therefore, in Spite of the pro-
viso, this bill will inflate the currency to the
extent of every dollar thiis used, for all Clear-
ing-house certificates will be used precisely as
money.
Mr. MERRIAM,
They are used as re-
