IB72.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
806i
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
Ixears no objection, and the Senator will
proceed.
" Jlr. NYE. Sir, the people will approve of
Hy honest effort that is made by Congress to
ifiuild our wasted commerce. They have
ioked here until their eyes have got tired of
.©king for aid, because every proposition
has been made for an honest effort has
'Been either hooted down or laughed at. For
one I am sick of this. I am for making
forts; I would_ reach our arms out from
;razil to the Pacific coast by the way of New
I'ork. I would endow these lines with roil-
II Ijons, if it were necessary, to try the experi-
H njent, and see whether we have got to yield
p. the point, for ever that we are again never to
S l?e a commercial nation. Are we to wait for
Hi the Committee on Commerce longer? My
P Honorable friend from Michigan tells us that
*1 fpur or five years ago he introduced a bill
if Ijere from the Committee on Commerce,
ft Mr. CHANDLER. Last year.
Mr. NYE. Last year; and if it had been
g. put upon its passage he has a vision in which
he .sees thirty ships floating now, six lines and
"five ships to each! Mr. President, a beautiful
vision, that! It was conceived and born, I
| suppose, by him; but where are the ships?
Where is the first one that has been built? It
sleeps the sleep that knows no waking. My
honorable friend says it is not his fault. He
will bear mo witness that he has not moved it
|f this year, and five long months have we been
g here and a withering commerce has been at
I; his door and his ear every hour.
|: Sir, this talk nnver will build a ship. It is
jg not talk that builds vessels; it is inducements
|t held out to men of enterprise to strike off on
the sea and try it, and, sir, that Government
I; is not true to itself which does not aid them,
f it is not true to its own interests commercially,
I it is not true to its own interests financially,
if it refuses to do it. I differ in toto with the
s - policy of the timid in this respect. I say that
our commerce is the very pulsation of our
national heart. Let us keep the pulsation
strong; let the blood flow to the extreme points
where ships go, and by Government aid if it
is necessary, until they are so strongly estab-
I lished that the capital of other nations shall
i not undermine them by heavier help than we
| .give our own.
| The honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
| Stevekson] yesterday read us a homily about
| the Collins line. Why, sir, what were the
I ■ facts about that? Steam navigation was then
j; :in its infancy, and a wasteful extravagance
f pervaded the whole management of that con-
i. cern. One ship, the Adriatic, as she lay at
I the wharf, cost more than a million dollars.
\ .I recollect very well the history of the Collins
>. line, and our country let go just when it should
j, have held on ; another appropriation would
have established that line so that to day our
full quota of ships would be seen flying our
own flag from the masts at our great national
: metropolis.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
.. ator's time has expired.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, when it is
proposed to grant a subsidy for the purpose
of opening up a new commerce, establishing
a commerce where there is none, that is one
• question. But where it is proposed to grant a
- subsidy to a steamship line betweeu countries
, where there is already an enormous commerce,
and that commerce rapidly increasing from
causes which we all understand, that is another
question. Now, this report shows that in 1865
two hundred and thirty-eight vessels from
Brazil entered our ports; and m the fiscal year
: 1870-71 the entries were five hundred and five ;
so that the tonnage has moie lhau doubled in
. five years. Here is an enormous commerce
■ already existing. LTere is a steamship line
six years old, and yet we are told it cannot in-
crease ils service from monthly to semi-monthly
trips without an enhanced subsidy. If that is
so, it is because of reasons that show we can-
not build up our commerce or sustain it by
mere subsidies.
If it is proper to ^rant a subsidy to a steam-
ship line between hero :;nd Brazil where there
is now an increase to six hundred ships a year
each way, as we are told, for the same reason
we should subsidize lines between New York
and Liverpool whore there is already an enorm-
ous commerce. No, Mr. President, you can-
not revive your commerce by means of subsidy
in a case like this. So far as the pretense that
it is for increased mail service is concerned,
that^ is not a good one. There is a monthly
service^ by this line, but I am informed there
are mails sent out from week to week by other
lines and by other ships. There is weekly mail
service; it may be semi-weekly or tri-weekly
for all I know. There is only monthly service,
however, by this line.
Now_, let it be understood that this is a ease
where it is proposed to increase the subsidy
between two countries where there is already
an enormous commerce, and if this steamship
line, with the enormous carrying trade between
Brazil and the United States, cannot sustain
itself without a subsidy, we cannot afford to
sustain it by a subsidy. There is the same
reason for a subsidy to sustain lines between
this country and every other where there is
already an enormous commerce.
The subsidy for the line between California
and China and Japan was first put upon the
ground that we should build up a commerce
where none existed. Here there is an exist-
ing commerce, an enormous commerce, bound
largely to increase, because this report says
that we have added four millions to the coffee
consumers in the United States by the abolition
of slavery. We know the increase of coffee
importation is large from year to year—very
large last year; very large the year before—
and yet with all this enormous existing trade
we are told that this line cannot be sustained
semi-monthly without an increase of subsidy,
more than doubling the subsidy.
Mr. President, it is wrong in principle, it
cannot be justified upon any ground, and I
am opposed to it.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I think
there is a good deal of difference between a
subsidy to a line between New York and Bra-'
zil, and one to a line from New York to Liv-
erpool. I am not prepared to say that I would
not vote for a subsidy between New York and
Great Britain, but I am certain there is a wide
difference in the two cases. Brazil is a great
consumer of manufactured articles. She has
not advanced in the production of those arti-
cles as Europe has ; and there is a chance, if
we have trade with her, to supply her with
manufactured articles. We are more advanced
in manufactures than Brazil. With Brazil
there can be an interchange of products, be-
cause she has the raw materials, and has to buy
our manufactured articles.
It is very plain that our manufacturers
not stand on an equal footing with European
manufacturers if the latter have speedy steain
communication, because the sailing is too
long to give orders for anything they want ia
the line of agricultural implements or things
of that kind, and they must get them from
Europe if they have got to have sailing vessels
to bring them from the United States. There is
a chance here, then, to build up a trade, and
an important trade, it seems to me, and we
should be very much benefited by that com-
merce. There are reasons why we should cul-
tivate that trade which do not exist in regard
to trade with countries in Europe.
It is admitted on all hands that our com-
merce must be revived, that it is important,
that it increases the national wealth, and no
other plan is devised but granting subsidies.
It seems to me that inasmuch as we have no
other plan we might try this experiment to a
limited extent. Suppose we should try the
experiment to the extent that Great Britain
has done of five millions a year properly dis-
tributed ; it would certainly put a very large
number of steamers on the ocean. It would
certainly set to work a very large number of
mechanics at home. It would certainly give
us some ship-yards, it would certainly give
us ship yards that would form a nucleus°for
building a navy when we want it. The total
amount asked for all the companies, all the
subsidies asked for, does not reach half the
sum that Great Britain is now givine with all
her other advantages of cheap labor" and low
tariffs.
Now, let us do something in this line to place
our enterprising people upon a level with Great
Britain. Let us, if we can, do something to
place them where they stood before the war,
before Great Britain commenced this extensive
system of subsidies. Then there was about
the same difference between labor in the two
countries as there is now ; and there was a
great difference on account of the relative
tariffs of the two countries; but still we could
compete with her. Now, however, our people
are calLed on to compete with Great Britain
in this matter of subsidies. Great Britain
gives her lines of steamships an advantage
that we have not got and never have had.
lhat advantage we can remove without dis-
turbing the tariff laws. We can remove it by
resorting to the same means she does, and to
put on this increased line between this country
and Brazil it seems to me would be very im-
portant. It would give our mechanics a chance
to compete with those of Europe in the markets
of Brazil, where they need manufactured arti-
cles, where they need the results of our invent-
ive genius. It would give our people a chance,
and for want of that chance we hear constant
complaints. A semi-monthly line of steamers
would be a very considerable aid to them in
this regard, cultivating the trade of a people
that arc numerous, growing, and a country on
the American continent. I think it would have
a tendency to develop that trade, and I think
it important at all events to try it, as long as
there is a universal cry in this country for the
revival of commerce, and no other plan is
presented by anybody except to subsidize these
lines. This plan is working in England. I shall
vote for reasonable subsides for all the lines.
I am willing to try the experiment. There
may be something else wiser and better, but
until it comes the only thing that we can do
to aid commerce is to vote for this proposi-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. This precise proposition
if it has not been amended I do not think I
can vote for. If it were proposed to double
the service or double the present subsidy, I
think I would vote for that; but this is more.
I will not vote for this as it now is ; but if it
is put at $300,000, I will.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I shall vote against all these subsidies; and
I wish very briefly, within the five minutes
allowed me, to state my reasons.
I had a weakness for the Pacific mail sub-
sidy yesterday, and I should have liked to vote
for it; but when the only possible reason that
I could see which authorized us to vote the
money out of the Treasury, which was to pro-
vide sailors for our Navy, was voted down,
and we were told it was discriminating against
race and class and previous condition to have
men as seamen that were citizcns, and over
whom we had some control in case there came
a war, and that those lines must be manned •'
by Chinese, when one American or English-
man would be a match for half a dozen of
them, then I voted against it.
There is another thing in that section to
which I ask the attention of the Senate.
As I understand that section as it has passed,
it really takes away rights that this Govern- ,
ment had. Under the existing law we have
a right, for the subsidy we pay for a monthly
service of the mail, in case they put on
another line, to have a semi-monthly service ;
