3958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Why should the Frenchman and Italian, or
why should the American-born, who may read
these languages, be obliged to pay this duty?
I oppose it as a tax on knowledge. It seems
to me that it is entirely out of place, lhere
is no reasonable element of protection in it,
while there is in a certain sense a positive
oppression.
The people who wish to import these books
are not rich ; they are professors or they are
immigrants who are not rich, as we know ;
and why put this tax upon them? Why, with
so much revenue, do we try to squeeze a
little money out of books printed on the
European continent, books printed in the Ger-
man language, in the French, in the Italian,
or classical works?
I hope,  ir, the Senate will put themselves
in conformity with the House on that question
by adopting the amendment that I have moved.
Mr SHERMAN. I have no objection to
striking out the words " in the English lan-
guage." I think the old law is that botks
which have been printed and manufactured
more than twenty years come in free of duty
on the importation. Why the Senator should
wish to encourage the importation of books
printed in foreign languages, and why a Ger-
man who comes here should not pay a tax on
lus books as well as an American who lives
here, why a discrimination should be made in
Javor of an Italian and against an American
citizen, I cannot imagine.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand that
there is any discrimination. Take one of our
own people, born with us, \?ho has occasion to
read German works, works of German science
or German literature, why should you make
him pay a tax?
Air. SHERMAN. Why discriminate against
our own language? Is not the English lan-
guage as good as any other language? Why
disci imiiiate in favor of a man who reads in a
foreign language ra'her than his native tongue?
Mr. SUMNER. The answeris explicit, if the
Senator will allow me 
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer to go on. We
never have introduced a tariff bill for many
years but we lind the Senator anxious to look
after classical literature. If he confines it to
all books which have the aroma of old age, on
which twenty years have gone by, I am willing
to take the suggestion and allow all those
books that scholars wish to import to come in
duty free. That is the law, and has been for
many years. But why he should want to dis
criminate against our own language, against
our citizens who cannot read any but one lan-
guage. why he should discriminate in favor
ot fortign books as against domestic books, I
do not understand. I think the words "in
the English language" in the committee's
amendment might be stricken out, so as to
read :
Books which shall have been printed and manu-
factured more than twenty years at the dato of im-
porution.
^e ought not to discriminate against foreign
books, but we ought not to discriminate m
lavor of thfm.
Mr. COCKLING. Sympathizing with the
Senator from Massachusetts, I have very little
hope that he \oijl be able to carry his amend-
ment, paiticularly in the form he has offered
it, and yet.I hope that the Senate will do some-
thing more than is tendered to it by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. He is willing that books in
foreign languages which were printed more
than twenty years ago should come in free. I
am willing they should too, and yet I am in-
different as to those hooks as compared with
other books which would be shut out. We a!l
know that the highest works of science, and in
some departments almost the only novel works
of science, are produced and uttered in for-
eign tongues; and many of our countrymen
who do not of choice speak German, who do
not of choice speak Italian or French, but who
use these languages as meihods of intelligence,
resort, and are compelled to resort, to the
newest and latest foreign works as sources and
repositories of science.
I had proposed to offer at the end of line
two hundred and twenty-seven, and I will do
it as an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, or, if his should
fail I will do it afterward, the words "and
scientific books in any language." So that
works of science may come in, no matter in
what language uttered and no matter how
recent may be their publication.
I think there is a fair criticism to be made
upon the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and I submit it to him.
There are in the country vast numbers of per-
sons who read from choice the German lan-
guage, for example, but the Senator forgets that
German books are published here very largely,
and there is no reason, no German Amer-
ican has any interest, that they should not be.
The great body of school-books, Bibles, stand-
ard works, as perhaps I may call them and de-
scribe them sufficiently, can be published here
in German as well as elsewhere; and they are.
Therefore, when the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposes to allow books indiscriminately
published in foreign tongues to come here free,
as the Senator from Ohio very properly says,
he might just as well embrace the English
language, because the competition is the same,
the motive is the same, economical and other-
wise, in the one case as in the other.
All the books whieh I seek now to court and
to favor are those not published here; they
are not republished in this country except
after a lapse of time ; and the men of science,
the students, who are poor as a class, who
cannot always resort to a scientific library
owned by an institution, and therefore fa-
vored by another provision here, but who are
compelled to pay from a very scanty income
the price of scientific books which they study,
are the men who ought to be favored. I will,
therefore, propose now, I think, as the better
mode of testing it—the Senator can enlarge it
afterward if he chooses—as an amendment to
his amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
the words "scientific books in any tongue,"
to come in at the end of line two hundred and
twenty-seven.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if he
has looked at the dictionary so as to see what
the word " science " means? There is scarcely
a book upon any subject but what is a scien
tific book according to the literal meaning of
the word "science." If he will look at the
dictionary which I have before me, he will see
that science embraces all branches of knowl-
edge. A book of travels is a scientific book
within the strict meaning of "science." The
word is as comprehensive as knowledge, and
almost the synonym of knowledge:
"Science. 1. Knowledge; penetrating and com-
prehensive information; skill, expertness, and the
like.
" 2. The comprehension and understanding of
truth or facts ; investigation of truth for its own
sake; pursuit of pure knowledge.
''8. Truth ascertained; that which is known.
"4. Hence specifically knowledge duly arranged,
and referred to general truths and principles on
which it is iounded and from which it is derived; a
branch of learning considered as having a certain
completeness; philosophical knowledge; profound
knowledge; complete knowledge; true knowledge."
*******$*#
"Science is applied or pure. Applied science is
a knowledge of lacts, events, or phenomena, as ex-
plained, accounted for, or produced by means of
powers, causes, or laws. Pure science is the knowl-
edge of these powers, causes, or laws, considered
apart, or as pure from all applications."
It is absolutely impossible to distinguish
between the classes of science. The introduc-
tion of a word so indefinite as "scientific"
would admit duty free nearly all the works of
travel and nearly all the works that are prob-
ably imported. You might just as well make
books free as to admit so indefinite a term as
scientific works.
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly in a high
and large sense the Bible is a scientific work.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the highest sense.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend anticipates
me in saying that it relates to the highest
science. Paley's Moral Philosophy is a scien-
tific work in some sense, not in the sense we
are employing here, and never has been so
understood. Many instances can be found
even in the statutes allowing scientific appa-
ratus, for example, to come in.. Upon the
Senator's theory anything in the world, a
plowshare, would be embraced, the handle
of a plow, a hoe handle, the stave of a fork.
But if the Senator will indicate any criticism
in terms upon this, I shall be very glad to avail
myself of it. Certainly we can describe in
language so as to distinguish between popular
works, romances, novels, light literature, and
those works which do pertain strictly to science
in its exact and advanced meaning. There-
fore I will take the sense of the Senate upon
this amendment as it is, unless some Senator
will suggest an improvement, and before we
agree to it in the Senate I will enter into an
agreement with the Senator from Ohio that I
will find some language which has been con-
strued already legally which will avoid the very
rangy suggestion that he makes.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator from
New York would allow the vote to be taken
on my amendment, and then if that is voted
down, I should gladly vote for his.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator prefers
that, I will withhold my amendment and vote
with him. I think I shall at least. I wish he
would indicate it again.
Mr. SUMNER. My amendment is to add
"and books printed in other than the English
language;" and on that I wish to make one
further observation. The Senator from Ohio
anticipates that there may be a competition
between such books and books printed in our
own country. Certainly not in the Italian
language, the Spanish, or the French ; only
in tne German could it be possible ; and f
doubt whether the competition there would
be of such importance or so considerable
as to constitute an essential element in the
case.
I think the Senator is mistaken when be
supposes that there is a competition which we
ought to take into account now. I wish to
have the market just as free as possible for
the importation of all works published on the
continent that as a general rule cannot come
into competition with our own manufactured
article. I speak of a book as a manufactured
article. I do not see why those who wish
those books, whether they are works of sci-
ence or of literature, should be compelled to
pay this extra price. Indeed it seems to mo
we should encourage the importation, because
every one of these books that comes to our
country in proportion to its value is in a cer-
tain sense a fountain, not only to the individ-
ual, but to his friends and neighbors.
Therefore, I repeat.it should be encouraged.
This bill discourages it. I am at a loss to un-
derstand why in this age, with our overflowing
Treasury, we should venture to impose this tax
on knowledge and actually stand in the way of
civilization.
llie PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.; The Chair will
remind the Senator that he has occupied more
than five minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I am done.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 venture to caulion my
colleague, though perhaps he does not need
any caution, against acceding to the invitation
of the Senator from New York to attempt to
draw a line of distinction which shall exclude
some scientific books and shall include others
only. I fear he will get into very great diffi-
culty. For instance, the spiritualists say that
their spiritualism is the highest possible
science. _ I warn my colleague not to get all
the spiritualists down upon him by excluding
spiritualistic books and saying that they are
not scientific books.
