374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
this case. It presents one simple question,
which 1 will briefly state, and it is this : the
statute requires that where a patentee desires
to have hia patent extended he shall make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
within ninety days from the time his patent
expires. Now in this case, through accident
or ui'idverieuce, these patentees did not make
their application to the Commissioner of Pat
ent.s within ninety days before the expiration
of their patent. They made it seventy days
from the time of the expiration of the patent,
and found that they ought to have made the
application twenty days prior to that time.
The statute being peremptory, they had noth-
ing to do but. to lile their petition, and their
petition was filed in Congress seventy days
prior to the eyuiration of their pa'ent. i his
bdl does not propose an extension of the pat.
ent. It merely allows the parlies to make an
application to the Commissioner of Patents,
and leaves him to hear and determine whether
the patent.sh.ill be extended. In short, it merely
proposes to correct an error of inadvertence'
on the part of these men, and I trust the
House will pass the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not like to object to
this bill; but my experience on tbe Committee
of Patents some years ago, and my observa-
tion since, have convinced me thatin nine cases
out of ten these applications for extensions of
patents are without any merit.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will say that this is not
a bill for an extension of a patent, but simply
for the correction of an error.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massa'-husetts. I under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana to make the
objection that, it did not appear whether this
particular patent hail any mentor not. Now,
I say that that is not a matter that Congress
is to go into. This bill is merely for the pur
pose of enabling the patentees 10 b.'ing the
matter of the extension before the Commis-
sioner of Patents, so that he can determine
the question whether it has any mer.ts at all.
If not, ho will not grant the extension.
There seems to be a mistake in the minds of
some gentlemen here. This is not a b.ll to
extend a pa'ent, but merely a bill, like others
which have been passed from time to time in
every Congress, allowing patentees who have
made some mistake or error (in this case the
erior is only one of twenty days) to have that
error rectified. As it stands now, the law is
peremptory that if the application is not filed
within ninety days of the expiration of the let-
ters-patent ho t-hall lose his right to apply for
an extension. It is merely doing an act of
justice.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr Brooks] misunderstood
me in one respect. 1 do not insist that
the merits of tins patent shall be made to
appear upon the application of this person
to Cong-ess for relief. I simply remarked
thai, my observation was that nine out of
ten of these applica'ions had no merit in
them, expressing no opinion about, this par-
ticular case, for 1 do not know anything about
it. But there is seai cely a case in which an
application lor an extension has been made
within my knowledge, where tin1 r'al ground
of comp'aint has not been that the patentee
lias not been sufficiently remunerated during
the term of the original patent. 'That results,
as I believe, from the f-ict that perhaps there
is not more than one patent, out of ten that is
remunerative, or that perhaps ought to be.
However, while calling for information in
this particular case, 1 did not; intend to oppose
this bill absolutely, bat simply desired to ob 
tain information fur my own guidance. From
representations made to me by gentlemen
from the Stateof Pennsylvania who have some
personal knowledge, of tins matter, and who
have investigated it, I learn that they are
inclined to think that not only is the patent
meritorious, but the error asked to be rect,tied
by the passage of this bill has resulted (torn
one of those inadvertences that might perhaps
occur without any great fault on the part ot
the applicant. Therefore I shall not make
any further opposition to this, and, so tar as
I am concerned, I will leave it to the House
to determine whether they will or not grant
the relief asked for.
I wish, however, to make this further re-
mark. One objection I have to extending the
time for applications for extensions of patents
by special act of Congress is that the Patent
Office is disposed to construe such extension
of time into an indorsement, of the applica-
tion. I desire that, so far as what I may say
can have that effect, the Commissioner of
Patents shall not so construe our action in
this ease.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Thereis
nothing in the phraseology of the bill to lead
the Commissioner to do so.
Mr. NIBLACK. Perhaps the phraseology
does not bear that construction, but practically
the result is that he is disposed so to do, which
in my judgment, is clearly wrong. I do not
refer to the present Commissioner of Patents,
hut, to the practice that has prevailed here-
tofore.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be fa:d on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ira buckman, jr.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 897) for
the relief of Ira Buckman, jr. ; which was
read a first and second time,
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, grants leave to
Ira Backman, jr., to make application to the
Commissioner of Patents for 'he extension
ot the letters-patent issued to him for a wa'k-
ing-stiek gun, for the term of fourteen years
from the 4ih day of August, 1857, said let-
ters-patent bearing date August 4. 1857, and
reissued February 1G. 1858, in the same man-
ner as if tbe petition tor slid extension had
been filed at least ninety days before' the
expi'ation of said patent, and authorizes the
Commissioner to consider and determine said
application in the same way as if it, had been
filed ninety days before the expiration of said
patent.
Mr. KELLOGG. A single word of explan-
ation. This is the case of a fourteen year
patent, granted Augusts, 1857, and reissued
'some six months later. February 16, 1858.
Before the expuation of the patent the pat-
entee took the letters patent to his attorney
to have him draw up a petition for renewal of
the patent, it being one of the fourteen-year
| patents, which are generally supposed to be
! entitled, under the piesent iaws, to one exten-
i sion. 1 h« attorney looked at the letters-patent,
noticed the date ot the reissue, but did not
| notice that it was a reissue, and told the pat-
1 entee that he need not file his petition until
I the next August, or within six months of the
i expiration ot the patent. The patentee took
■ the papers away, and returned August 7. 1871,
i and tor the first time tbe attorney dircovered
I that it was a reissue, and that, the pa'ent had
! expired three daysbefoie. Affidavits are pre-
j sentetl from bo'.Ii the attorney and the party
; bimseif Without any laches of his own, but
by a mistake of his attorney, the party lost the
! privilege of applying to the Commissioner of
I Patents for an extension,
i Mr, STEVENSON. For what is this pai.
i; erit?
1! Mr. KELLOGG. For a walking-stick gun ;
| and the affidavits show that, the inventor has
II rceeiyed if) ; n onlj $960 f<?r his jnventioij.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is there any reason
why we should not pass a general law repeal-
ing the limitation of time m regard to applica-
tion for extension of patents if we are con-
stantly to dispense with it in individual cases?
Was not the law passed in_ order to prevent
the making of such applications after the ex-
piration of a specified time? Why should we,
in every ease where the application is made,
dispense with the limitation? If there is any
reason for the requirement of the law it should
not be constantly remitted in individual cases.
Mr. KELLOGG. That would not obviate,
the difficulty in this case. The patent expired
three days before the mistake was discovered.
Mr. FiNKELNBUJRG. How long had this
patent run?
Mr. KELLOGG. Fourteen years. It is
one of the short-term patents under the old
law. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en- .
grossed for a third reading. Being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB WEART.
Mr. E. H. BOBERTS, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported back with amend-
ments the bill (H. R. No. 385) for the relief
of Jacob Weart.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to credit and allow
to Jacob Weart, collector of internal revenue
for the fifth district of New Jersey, in the set-
tlement of his accounts, the sum of $7,801 07,
being the amount of internal revenue stamps
for beer, cigars, and tobacco, which were
stolen from his office without fault or neglect
on the part of the collector, and which have
not been returned.
The amendments reported by the committee
| were read, as follows :
Strike out "$7,802 07," and insert in lieu thereof
< 33. t
Alter tbe word "tobacco." insert " on satisfactory
evidence that such stamps were."
At the end of the bill add the following:
Provided, Tbat in case all the stamps so stolen
sliall hereafter be recovered, the same shall inure to
the benefit, of the Tin ted States.
Mr E. H. BOBERTS. The facts in this case
are that the office of the collector of inter-
nal revenue for the fifth district of New.Ter-
i sey, was robbed on the 23d day of February,
1871. and stamps amounting to §7,801 07 were
sto en. A large portion of those i-tamps have
been recovered. The bill, as originally intro-
duced—provided for allowing to the collector
the full amount, $7.80107. One of theamend-
ments reported by the committee reduces the
amount to the sum still missing, $517 33. In
another amendment the committee require
that satisfactory evidence shall be given to the
Treasury Department that the robbery was
without fault on the part of the collector. The
I committee also provide in the amendments
! that if any more of the stamps shall be re-
; covered, the advantage thereof shall accrue to
i the Government of the United States.
| Mr. BLAIR, ot Michigan. Where were the
; stamps when they were stolen?
i Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The stamps were in
| a tin box in the office of the collector. The
i lobbery was committed at noon, during the
| absence of the collector at dinner, and while
: his deputy was attending to business in a room
adjoining that in which the official business was
ordinarily transae'ed.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. If all of
f,he stamps were recovered with the exception
ot $500 worth, why does the original bill pro-
vide for crediting the pollector with the whole
amount?
Mr. Ii. H. ROBERTS. Ttje bijl yasintro-
