2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
and inquire into the amount of debts existing
against the propei ty in this city and District,
and the amount of taxation necessary to pay
the interest, on the debt, I find that you are
going to oppress the people of the District with
taxation over and above what it is light and
reasonable that they should bear. If this road
ought to be built, I believe it would be a mat-
ter of more justice to take the money out of
the public Treasury of the country and appro-
priate it to the road rather than to impose
it upon the people of this city.
These are, briefly, the reasons why I shall
vote against the bill. The effect of taxation
upon this District has been, as I have been
told, to force into market the property of cer-
tain poor persons who were not able to meet
their taxation ; and I think if we_keep on at
this rate of taxaiion, or authorizing taxation
of the property in the District, you will find a
general depreciation, and gentlemen who own
property here will have to sell it in order to
get clear of the burdens of taxation imposed
upon them. Any proposition that comes here
to tax the people of this District during the
present session 1 shall vote against,; I do not
care what the object may be, whether a rail-
road or anything else. When X am called on
to approve an act of the terntoiial Legislature,
if 1 vote to approve it, ( think 1 thereby in-
dorse everything that has been done by the
territorial Legislature.
The PRESIDING OFFICER., (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
oil the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected ; there being on n division—ayes 13,
noes 24.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion lecurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. MORION. I should like to have that
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further, That this act shall in no
wise be construed to have the affect to authorize
any greater taxation in said District than the two
per cent, limited by the act to provide a govern-
ment for the District of Columbia, approved Feb-
ruary 21, 1871.
Mr. CARPENTER. I rise to a personal
explanation in regard to the vote which I just
gave. I understood thatihe amendment which
1 had offered had been adopted in place of
that of the Senator from Vermont, and that
the question was on the final adoption of my
amendment, which I was opposed to. Other-
wise I should have voted lor it, because I
think it preferable to that offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I move as an amend-
ment the amendment offered by the Senator
fiom Wisconsin to my amendment; and oil
tlmt I ask for the yeas and nays, because I
wish to have a perpetual remembrance for the
future ot the condition of things in which we
shall find ourselves if we go on in this way;
and in older that we may know where we did
stand, I ask to have that amendment reported
as au amendment to the bill, and on it I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will now report the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. LEWIS. Has not that amendment
been voted upon ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
understands that it is not in precisely similar
terms to the amendment as voted upon.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided further. That in addition to the tax to
be levied to pay the interest and unking fund to pay
the bonds provided by this act, and other bonds
heretofore issued by authority of law by the District,
only such additional taxes shall be levied as will,
when added to the taxes aforesaid, ba equal to two
per ccnt. on the valuation of the taxable property
ot the District.
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps the Senator from
Wisconsin will point out the difference between
that and the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has pointed it out.
I did not think there was a very substantial
difference, because I thought the legal con-
struction of my amendment was the same; but
the honorable Senator from Indiana himself
argued, as my friend from Connecticut did,
that the District might go on and tax for other
purposes, and not for this, and thus leave the
creditors in the lurch. The Senator from Wis-
consin therefore proposed to say that these
taxes for the purposes that we authorize the
loans or bonds shall be laid, and being laid to
a certain amount, then that the other taxation
shall not, wi'.b that, go beyond the two per
cent.; and I should be glad to have anybody
answer that, if he can, upon principles of
justice.
Mr. MORTON. The simple effect of that
is to confine the aggregate tax to two per cent.,
what the Senator says the law is now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. The effect is
to confine it to two per cent., as the law now
says ; but as the Senator well knows, for I
think he has been advised on this subject
pretty well, the argument will be the moment
you pass this bill that Congress having au-
thorized this taxation, it does not make a part
of the two per cent, at all, and the District
may go on in addition and tax two per cent,
besides. Then when Congress authorizes
additional taxation for the floating debt bonds,
the other million, as a bill is already in for
that, the same argument will be made. I put
it to one of the. District officers who came to
see me about the floating debt bonds the other
day, and asked him what he meant, whether
it was intended by that, act to increase the
taxation for that, or whether those bonds
being provided for by taxation, then the addi-
tional current taxes should be kept within
the limit; and he said that candor compelled
him to confess he meant that everything that
Congress authorized had nothing to do with
the two per cent., and that if Congress there-
fore authorized two per cent, taxation for
that million, and one half of one per cent,
for this $600,000, whatever Congress should
authorize would not count in the two per cent,
at all, and the District government could go
on and add two per cent, to that, making the
taxation three, four, or five per cent. That is
the case. If the Senator from Indiana wishes
to have that done, he has a very ready way of
doing it by saying it may be.
Mr. MORTON. 1 have not said that I was
in favor of authorizing the city to make this
subscription. What 1 said was, that if we did
authorize it, we ought to authorize the city
uticondiiionally to levy a tax to pay the inter-
est on it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I have said, and we
require them to do it.
Mr. MORTON. If this amendment should
be adopted, and the bill should pass, it will
amount to just this: we authorize the city to
subscribe $600,000 to the stock of this com-
pany, but we provide at the same time that if
the interest on the present debt of the city and
the expenditures necessary to carry on the city
government are equal to or require two per
cent, ol taxation upon the property of this
city, then the interest upon these new bonds
shall not, be paid. That is whatitamounts to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
misstates the proposition entirely. If he is as
competent as 1 believe he is to understand
the English language, and has faith, as 1
■ believe he has, in the skill of my honorable
friend from Wisconsin, he cannot deceive him-
self into the notion that this amendment pro-
vides that the taxation for this interest shall
fail if the current expenses of the Government
go beyond the two per cent, with that, because
this amendment, in terms, says that, first, ibis
tax to provide for these bonds and the other
bonds, the four million loan, shall be levied,
and that then the District shall not ran into
additional extravagance beyond a certain limit,
'lhat is what the amendment says. The hon-
orable Senator turns round and declares that
it says exactly the reverse; the District may
be as extravagant as it pleases about current
expenses and leave these people in the lurch.
He exactlyreverses, in terms, what this amend-
ment says, and he reverses, m terms, what the
act of the District in providing for these very
bonds says; and that is, that to meet this inter-
est there shall be levied an annual tax. How
can you use language stronger than that?
Then, when we adopt it, it becomes the lan-
guage of Congress. Then, when we take the
proposition in connection with that of the
Senator from Wisconsin, which he is so ready
to disown or to be opposed to, we say that this
being done as Congress requires you to do it,
you shall not ran into excess and extravagance
beyond it; but having done this, you slia.ll limit
your expenditures so as to keep within rea-
sonable limits ; so that, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware and the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey have said, the property-
holders in this District of moderate means,
people in straitened circumstances, who have
their little houses and lots, shall not be forced
to become the victims of land and lot specu-
lators, as I am credibly informed they have
been already under this beneficent new gov-
ernment that has been adopted here.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator gives a con-
struction to the amendment which I do not
think it will bear at all ; but suppose he gives
the true construction, what is the effect of it?
That this two per cent, shall first be levied to
pay the interest on the debt 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not two per cent.
Mr. MORTON. Well, not to exceed that;
but if the necessary expenditures required by
the city in carrying on the government (and
we know that these expenses are large, and
that they are constantly increasing) should
require a sum beyond the two per cent., then
they cannot be paid. It leads, it seems to
me, to what may be called an absurdity in
either point of view.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The whole world
does not know that the act by which this Gov-
ernment is authorized limits the power of tax-
ation, and the debts of this Government will
pass into other hands, and when they shall
have passed into other hands, they will be an
obligation resting upon the people here to
those parties holding them. Now, suppose
the District disregards the law and incurs
responsibilities so as to require a tax greater
than two per cent, per annum, and it lails to
lay a tax larger than that amount, and the
creditor comes and demands his pay, has he
not a right to demand it, it being justly due
him at the time? Shall the authoiities turn
around and say, or will the Senate permit
them to turn around and say, "We are limited
by law, and cannot lay a tax of more than two
percent.?" Will that be fair and just? Will
it satisfy the creditors to know that they hold
these obligations and are by law prohibited
from receiving their pay? 1 think not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my honorable
friend from Connecticut a question?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Certainly; and if
I can answer it, I will.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator can answer
very readily. Does he not know many cor-
porations in his own State, and in other New
England States, whose charters limit the
amount of debts they can incur, limit the
amount of mortgages they can make; and
l! therefore, if he does know, as I have no doubt
