1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
serves, the same as the legal-tender notes, but
the legal-tender notes are sealed up and de-
posited in the Treasury, and by the last pro-
vision of this bill they cannot be used for any
purpose by the Treasurer of the United States.
There is no possible danger, without this
clause, that the United States Treasurer will
use these legal-tender notes for inflating the
currency, because he already holds $44,000,-
000 of United States notes which are not used
as currency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But now the
United States Treasurer cannot use these
notes.
Mr. MERRIAM. He cannot use them under
this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He eannot use
them as the law now stands. The mere seal-
ing up of these notes does not add anything
to the security now imposed by law that the
Treasurer shall not use them. But this bill
proposes to allow him to use the whole face
value of the notes in the form of certificates
of deposit, though the notes themselves are
looked up.
Mr. MERRIAM. I wish the gentleman
would read the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They are put
in the shape of certificates of deposit, and
therefore it makes a use not now authorized
by law.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
bill with pending amendments.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of liepre-
Bentativ ee of the United States of America in Congress
gmembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to receivo United States notes on
deposit, without interest, from the national banks
in tho cities of New York, Boston, Chicago, St. Lojiis,
Cincinnati, and Philadelphia, in sums not less than
$10,000, and to issuo certificates th erefor in such form
as the Secrotary ma.yj prescribe, and in denomina-
tions of not less than 3,5,000. which certificates shall
be payable on demand in United States notes at the
place where the deposits therefor were made.
Sec. 2. That such certificates shall bo held and
counted by said banks as part of their legal reserve,
and be used by said banks in the settlements of their
clearing-house balances.
Site. K. That nothing contained in this act shall be
construed to authorizo any expansion or contraction
of tlio currency.
An amendment, reported this morning by
Mr. Mekkiam,, from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, was to add to section three
the following;
But the notes forwhich said certificates arc issued
shall be hold as special deposits for tho redemption
ot such certificates; and nothing in this act shall bo
construed to prevent the Treasurer from transferring
them from one point to another, if the requirements
ot tho Treasury may seem to demand it: Provided.
That the .treasurer shall also hold in the Treasury
tlio lull amount ol United Statos notes equal to that
represented by such certificates.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Siieldox] also moves to in-
sert "New Orleans" in the first section of
the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman from
New York £Mr. Meruiam} allow me to say a
Word ?
Mr. MERRIAM. Certainly.
Mr. SCOIIELD. I have not given any
attention to this bill until I heard it read by
the Clerk. But it strikes me that to the extent
of this bill we are carrying the principle of
legal tender one step further than we have
ever thought of doing before. Congress pro-
vided, and the Supreme Court of the United
States have decided, that all promises of the
United States to pay in gold shall be a legal
tender. This bill provides that the Govern-
ment may now promise to pay in bills, not in
gold, and that those promises to pay in bills
shall be a legal tender. The last clause of
this bill provides that all these certificates
shall_ be used by the banks in settling their
clearing-house accounts. That is, their clear-
ing-house accounts would be payable in legal-
tender notes, and this bill provides that these
certificates shall stand in lieu of the legal-
tender notes, The legal-lender notes which the
Supreme Court has sanctioned are the prom-
ises on the part of the United States to pay
specie, and they say that those promises shall
be equivalent to specie.
Now this bill provides that a promise on the
part of the United States to pay in greenbacks
shall also be a legal tender; that is, a promis e
to pay in promises shall be a legal tender.
Now if these banks are to have these second-
hand legal tenders, why should not all the
people have them ? Why not let us all have
the advantage of depositing our money in the
United States sub-Treasuries and getting a
certificate of the United States and using that
certificate as a legal tender? Why should the
banks have this privilege and the people be
denied it? It strikes me, Mr. Speaker, that
the bill had better be recommitted.
Mr. MERRIAM. I now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, my colleague
[Mr. Merriam] was kind enough to show me
this bill before it was reported. I then thought
it subject to the objection which has been
suggested by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield;] that is,
that for the same amount of money there would
thus be put in circulation two sets of obliga-
tions—oue the promises of tho Government
in the form of legal tenders, forwhich the cer-
tificates are to be issued : the other, the. prom-
ises of the Government so issued in the stead
of such legal-tender notes; and that to this
extent the bill would operate as an inflation
of the currency. I therefore suggested to my
colleague who had the bill in charge the addi-
tion of a proviso that the particular notes for
which the certificates had been issued should be
held as special deposits to meet those certifi-
cates particularly.
I do not, however, understand that this bill
makes these certificates a legal tender, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sootteld]
has observed. _ It appears to be simply a meas-
ure for the relief of the banks, so that instead
of requiring them to actually pay over from
one to another in their settlements and to
transport from place to place legal-tender
notes, they may substitute instead of the notes
the certificate of the Government that those
notes are locked up in its vaults. So far,
therefore, as that branch of the bill is con-
cerned, it hardly seems to me that the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
ScopieldJ is well taken.
. But as regards the other branch of the bill
to which the objection of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] relates, I must say that
I prefer the amendment which I suggested to
my colleague, which provided that the green-
backs for which the certificates are issued shall
themselves be locked up ju special deposit.
Tims we shall have no double issue of obliga-
tions representing the same sum of money.
My apprehension is that the addition which
has been made by mycolleague [Mr. Merriam]
to the proviso I suggested, which addition au-
thorizes the Treasurer of the United States to
take those notes which ho is directed to put in
special deposit and transfer them arouud the
country as he may think the public convenience
may require, will enable him to substitute those
particular deposits in place of that general
amount of money which he is now obliged by
the exigencies of business to keep on "hand;
and that this would practically operate as an
inflation of the currency. I prefer, therefore,
the clause which [ have suggested to my col-
league_ without the addition conferring this
authority on the Treasurer.
.Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will allow me to say that if we should author-
ize the issue of $100,000,000 more of the
greenback notes, a-nd should at tho same time
add a proviso that this should not inflate the
currency, everybody can see that such a pro-
viso could have no effect. In the same man-
ner the proviso in this bill is nugatory.
_ Mr. BURCHARD. I am uuable to see any
inflation in this measure. It simply permits
the banks to deposit in the Treasury the por-
tion of their reserve which they are now
required to hold in their own vaults. I can
see no inflation in that. For the money thus
deposited in the Treasury a certificate is given,
which is held by the bank.
Mr. GARFTELD, of Ohio. The bank not
only has its reserve, but it has its certificate
of that, which it may carry around and use as
currency.
Mr. BURCHARD. This reserve is still in
the Treasury instead of the bank vaults. It
makes no difference where it is kept, whether
it is kept in the bank vaults or in the Treas-
ury, so that it is withdrawn from circulation,
as it would be.
Mr. MERRIAM.- 1 yield now to the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,]
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, if I understand
the provisions of this bill, it neither provides
for making certificates of deposit in the Treas-
ury of the United States legal tender, nor does
it in any degree inflate the currency. It pro-
vides simply that banks may deposit legal
tenders in the Treasury of the United States,
and that they may settle their clearing-house
balances by certificates of such deposits. I
cannot see how it inflates the currency any
more than it would if the deposits were in
the vaults of the banks and they made their
clearing-house certificates on the deposits
there. It is simply a matter of convenience.
I am not in favor of the bill, because I do
not believe the Treasury of the United Stales
ought to be made the custodian of the deposits
of the banks of the country. I believe they
ought to take charge of them themselves,' and
ought not to put the responsibility upon the
Treasury of the United States. But it can
have no effect in inflating the currency, and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who
seems to have inflation on the brain, I think
need have no apprehensions in this matter.
Mr. MERRIAM. The expense of keeping,
if there is any expense of keeping the deposits
in the Treasury, is more than compensated by
a saving of the loss in counting and recounting
the issues, and so long as the deposits of the
United States notes are placed in the vaults
of the Treasury and kept there to redeem
these certificates, it is not possible that there
should be any inflation.
I yield for a moment to the chairman of the
committee, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment so as to strike out
what is proposed as an addition to the third
section, and to insert in lieu thereof what I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
third section as proposed to be amended by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That nothing contained in this act shall be
construed to authorize any expansion or contrac-
tion of the currency; and the notes for which such
certificates are issuedshall be held as special deposits
in the Treasury, and used only for the redemption
of such certificates.
Mr. POTTER. That is the amendment I
originally suggested. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MERRIAM. I acceptthe amendment,
and move the previous question,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Before
the previous^ question is called; I wish to say
that with this amendment the bill does not
crests any possible inflation of the currency.
The notes are simply withdrawn from circula-
tion and deposited in the sub-Treasury, and
the certificates are passed amoog the banks in
place of those notes, in the clearing-house set-
tlements, to save the trouble of counting and
recounting this large quantity of small notes.
These certificates are issued in sums of not
less than $-5,000 each. They could not go
into general circulation at all, as they are so
drawn that they are payable only to the banks,
and not to individuals.
