1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3959
Then, again, grammar used to be defined to
be the art of speaking a language, but nobody
now spealis of grammar simply as an art. We
speak of the science of grammar, and there-
fore if all scientific books are to come in free,
all grammars are to come in Iree. Nobody
now speaks of physical geography, or even
political geography, in any other sense than as
the science of geography. So "scientific books"
will bring all the geographies in. Nobody
denies that. Mathematics, including arithmetic,
is a science. So all arithmetics and ail the
books on geometry, in fact all mathematical
books, are to come in as scientific books. Of
course all metaphysical books, all astronomical
books, all books in regard to the science of
medicine, and all in regard to the law—for law
is a science—are to come in free. I really think
that if we are going to admit scientific books,
as the amendment suggests, we had better
admit all books. I shall not underlake to
decide now what is a scientific book and what
is not. Every man that publishes an adver-
tisement, even to take the corns out of your
toes, calls himself a professor. Everybody is
a professor now. Certainly all books on farm-
ing, the science of agriculture, are to come in
free, especially when we have an agricultural
President. [Laughter.]
1 say if you admit some you must admit all
books. I am in favor entirely of the amend-
ment suggested by my colleague. These
words, ''in the English language," ought to
be stricken out of the committee's amend-
ment; and if you are to keep duties on books
at all, if you do not put them all on the free
list, I do not think we can admit either the
amendment of the Senator from New York or
that of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I agree with
the Senator from Ohio last up that we cannot
admit either of these amendments that ars
proposed. We have tried several times to
define scientific and religious works. It has
frequently been proposed to introduce reli-
gious works, and it is as difficult to define
one as the other. If you admit scientific
works free, it resolves itself into this : that we
are to depend upon foreigners for all our higher
school-books, all the scientific school-books
we use. I do not desire to see anything of
that kind.
Then again, in relation to books printed in
the German language, we admit with every
immigrant that comes here from different
nations all the books that he pleases to biing ;
but it is not sound American policy to con-
tinue to receive such works after they get
here. We should make them Americans as
we have the French population in Louisiana.
The difference between them and the Cana-
dians is the difference that has been brought
about by the different policy that we have
pursued in Louisiana. There all the French
population have become Americanized ; but
in Canada they have kept up the French lan-
guage in their courts and in their Legislature,
and the population of one portion ot the ter-
ritory is just as separate and as distinct now
as it was fifty or one hundred years ago.
Mr. FUELING HUYSEN. I understand
that there is a great deal of capital invested
in this country in printing and publishing text-
books in the various foreign languages. It is
a large business. These text-books are used
in our schools. I do not see what propriety
there is, if we afford other industries protec-
tion, in throwing off all duties on the import-
ation of these school-books, all the German,
French, and Spanish grammars and other
books that are printed and published just as
well in this country; and I think that branch
of industry is entitled to protection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are at
least $15,000,000 invested in publications in
this country of various kinds, and it is un-
doubtedly true that all or nearly ail the very
books which are designed here to be admitted
free are printed in this country. Therefore,
if there is any interest that needs protection,
this is precisely that interest. Having had
occasion to examine a subject kindred to this
at this very session, I can bear testimony that
hooks in England, and in Europe generally,
but particularly in England, can be produced
so much cheaper than they can here, that there
is scarcely an industry in this country that needs
protection more than the publication of books.
Mr. SUMNER. Not in foreign languages.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Nottothesame
extent, i agree with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, but to a degree which demands pro-
tection that is true.
Now, one word as to the proposition of the
Senator irom New York. I do not think it is
practicable, nor will it be found so if it should
be enacted into a law; and we have an illus-
tration in our legislation which I think demon-
strates the impracticability of such a proposi-
tion. The Constitution pnnides the Congress
shall have power " to promote the progress
of science and useful arts by securing for a
limited time to authors and inventors the ex-
clusive right to their respective writings and
discoveries."
What is "science?" It became necessary
in carrying out that provision of the Constitu-
tion for Congress to define what was science
and what measures would promote science.
To sum it all up it has come to this, that in our
legislation we have determined that any print
is a scientific work ; no matter what it is it'it is
a print, and therefore communicates an idea,
that is a scientific work. So that here you
have a practical illustration precisely of what
is meant by the term "science" when it is
applied to legislation. The inference drawn
by the Senator from Ohio from the definition
in Webster is as large and comprehensive as
this. But turning aside from any abstract
definition, we have given an interpretation to
it by our own legislation, and whoever is
curious to know precisely what the terms are,
will find by turning to the law on copyiight
that it comes to this, that whatever is a print
is said to be a scientific work within the
meaning of the Constitution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to strike out,
in line two hundred and twenty-five, the words
"in the English language."
Mr. SHERMAN and others. That is right.
Mr. SUMNER. It would make the sentence
a little better to strike out the words " which
shall have been;" so as to read "books
printed and manufactured more than twenty
years at the date of importation."
Mr. SHERMAN. Those are the old words,
and 1 would rather retain them.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that is only a
question of form. The substance is to strike
out the words " in the English language."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no reason why
the exemption should be limited to books in
the English language.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdrew my amend-
ment for a moment, saying that I would renew
it. I will reflect a moment whether I will or
not. However, I am not quite content to
have it pass away under the suggestion that
the amendment cannot be made to execute
itself and to mean no more than might be
wished. I think the words " books known to
the trade as scientific books," would obviate
the objection stated by the Senator from Ohio
and the Senator from Maine.
Although I do not wish to detain the Senate
unnecessarily, it seems to me that no class of
books can be more meritorious than the very
latest scieutic works, expensive in themselves,
needed by a few people, and they, as a rule,
all poor except the institutions which need
them. It may be very useful to allow people
to import books which were printed twenty
years ago in the foreign languages or in the
English language, free. No class of persons
thus benefited, I venture to say, are so well,
so wisely, so much benefited as students
would be if they were permitted to import
books strictly scientific from time to time as
they appear in the world. And yet, after the
manifestations which have been made by the
Senate, and alter adopling the last amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, it is hardly
worth while perhaps to try the experiment.
Therefore I will not offer the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will continue the reading.
The reading of the proposed free list waa
continued, as follows:
Books, maps, and charts imported by authority
for tho uso of the United States or for tbo use of the
Library of Congress: Provided. That the duty shall
not have been included in the contract or price
paid;
Books, maps, and charts specially imported, not
more than two copies in any one invoice, in good
faith for the uso of any society incorporated or
established tor philosophical, literary, or religious
purposes, or for the encouragement of the fine arts,
or lor the use, or by the order, of any college, acad-
emy, school, or seminary of learning in tho United
States;
Books, professional, of persons arriving in the
United States;
Books, household offocts, or libraries, or parts of
libraries, in use of persons or families from foreign
countries, if used abroad by them not less than one
year, and not intended lor any other persou or per-
sons, nor lor sale;
Brass, old, having once been used, and fit only for
remanufacture.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is evidently some
misapprehension about this old brass. 1 move
to strike out lines two hundred and forty-live
and two hundred and forty six. This will be
the market for the old brass of the world.
Every cannon that has been once fired, every
kettle that has once been over a fire, every
particle of brass that has gone into machinery
can be imported free under this clause. This
is *' scrap iron " turned into brass, and all who
have been here four, live, or six years will re-
member the contest we had over scrap iron.
This is equivalent to repealing all the duties
upon copper and zinc. I move that these lines
be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to strike out lines
two hundred and forty-five and two hundred
and forty-six in these words:
Brass, old, having once been used, and fit only for
remanufacture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the proposed free list was
continued as follows :
Brazil paste ;
Brazil pebbles for spectacles, and pebbles for spec-
tacles, rough;
Bromide and chloride of aluminium ;
Burgundy pitch.
Mr. THURMAN. After the words "Bur-
gundy pitch" 1 move to insert " calomel." I
do want that free. Strangely enough, while a
very large number of medicines, the majority
of medicines, are put on the free list, there are
a few that are selected out, and those, too,
which are most in use in some parts of the
country, and they are not put on the free list.
They are on the free list of the House, and not
on the free list of the Senate. For instance,
here is this article of calomel, and another,
Epsom salts,both on the free list of the House,
but both left out of the free list of our com-
mittee. I do insist that medicines ought to
come in free, and I wish a vote of the Senate
on that. On the other motion I inade the
vote was very close : there was only a difference
of two. The Senate is fuller now, and I ask
for the yeas and nays oil the question of this
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senate
is well aware that we producS quicksilver in
great abundance on the Pacific coast, and
this is but a preparation made from that arti-
