1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3063
■we sent half a million barrels of flour to Rio
and we do not now send one.
k The Senator from Tndiana has dwelt upon
the fact that the commerce with that country
is increasing, and he quotes from the report
in this case. If he had read a little further
in this report, he would have found that
although the import commerce between this
country and Brazil is increasing, our export
commerce with her is falling off; that is to
say, she is sending her products to us and we
are sending none of our products to her.
. Mr. MORTON. I ask my friend how that
evil can be remedied ? If ships come here
loaded and haw to go back in ballast, that
would prove that they could take our products
there very cheaply; and if they are not taken
there, it is because they are not wanted.
• Mr. WEST. Let me answer the Senator by
saying that our steamships do not go back in
ballast. They go back loaded with every dol-
lar's worth of freight that they can carry ; but
it is -because the English communication
enables that cargo to be supplied by sailing
vessels more readily than ours that our sailing
ships lose that trade. That is the reason ofit.
The facts are instantly proved here by refer-
ence to the figures in this report. We export
to Brazil $5,945,307 of merchandise; we im-
port from there $30,560,468, a balance of over
twenty-four millions against us. Now, give us
this increased facility of communication and
you will immediately restore our commerce to
its former control of the wants of that country.
The Senator from New Jersey has made a
casual allusion (and I am very glad that he
did it) to the fact that we cannot make a ship
of war out of a mail-carrier. Has it occurred
to him that there is such a thing as a naval
militia, a class of vessels that you might de-
scribe as having legs long enough to run away
from everything of superior force, and power
enough to match everything else ? Why was
it that the damage to our commerce occurred
during the rebellion? Because the rebels
filled the ocean with their fleet privateers,
their Alabamas and their Floridas, that the
moment they came in contact with our vessels
of war met their deserved fate. Now, here is
a proposition to put afloat in connection with
, the China line, in connection with the Brazil
line, in connection with a line in the Gulf of
Mexico, from fifteen to twenty cruisers that
can in a very short time be adapted to the
uses of offensive, if not defensive warfare.
At very short notice we can embark upon the
seas our privateers, as it were, that can ravage
the commerce of any nation with which we
may come in contact, as ours was unfortunately
ravaged by the rebel cruisers.
I think, Mr. President, that when Congress
and when the people of the United States
reflect that nations which build ships, that
nations which supply the capital with which to
build ships, that nations which man ships and
provide their fuel, find it their policy to main-
tain their commerce by giving $6,000,000 of
subsidy, it is the true policy at least in one
direction toward reviving the commerce of our
country.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I should like the advo-
cates of subsidies to answer one question. If
we in the United States cannot manufacture
goods as cheap as they can in England and
elsewhere, and if the English can sell to Brazil
and other countries cheaper than we can, what
good will subsidizing of the line do ? Suppose
you subsidize the line, we still cannot sell as
cheap as England.
Mr. WEST. I will answer the Senator. It
is because we do something else besides manu-
facture, because in the vast fields of western
industry we raise agricultural products that
we want to supply to these people, and let the
manufacturers of England compete with us if
they choose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I desire to submit a few general observations
on the subject, and hy way of text for what
I would say and as furnishing a contrast, I
ask that what I send to the Chair be read,
announcing my intention to" offer it at the
proper time.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That upon all imported lumber, timber, hemp,
manila, composition metal, and upon iron rods,
bars, and bolts, and other articles entering into the
construction of vessels, which may be used and
wrought up in the construction of steam or sail ves-
sels built in the United States, whether iron,wooden,
or composite vessels, to be used in trade between
the United States and foreign countries exclusively,
whether for the hull, rigging, equipment, or ma-
chinery of such vessels, including such portions as
may be prepared in sections, there shall be allowed
and paid by the Secretary of the Treasury, under
such regulations as he may prescribe, a drawback
equal to the duties which may have been paid on
such material: Provided, That where American ma-
terial is used in the construction of such vessels
there shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid an
amount equivalent to the duties imposed on similar
material and articles of foreign manufacture when
imported.
Mr. MORIIILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
the general subject on which the Senate has
been engaged for the last two or three days is
so intensely interesting to my State that I
should feel myself remiss in my duty to its in-
terests if I were not to say a word or so before
the subject shall pass from the Senate.
It is anomalous and I think unfortunate that
so large a question as the subject of commerce
in its extended meaning should be made the
subject, of consideration upon a postal service
bill. It leads to infinite difficulties in every
way, and to great misapprehension as to what
we mean.
In listening to this debate I have heard one
general statement, that the commerce of the
country is depressed. Now, Mr. President,
nothing is more untrue than that in one sense.
Commerce, in the general acceptation of the
term as meaning trade, is not depressed. The
honorable Senator from Connecticut has told
you that it is in amount over a billion dol-
lars, and perhaps has reached an amount never
reached before in the history of the country.
If we are striving at that, we have attained it.
That is not the embarrassment at all. So to
talk of commerce in that sense is a thorough
misapprehension, thoroughly to mislead, thor-
oughly to misconceive the whole thing we are
driving at. We cannot afford to subsidize
lines of steamships in an interest which is
superabounding now, unless it is peculiar in
its character.
Now, take the case of the Asiatic steamship
line. That may be an exception to the general
tone of the remark I am making. That enters
a new field, I agree. There we are attempt-
ing to open a new trade with a new people,
opening a trade with the East which has been
sought by all civilized nations for centuries.
That may be equally true also, and I have
been very much inclined to think it was true,
(shaken only, I confess, by the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut to some
extent,) of the line to Australia. We are
seeking a new field there, and with this inter-
est added, that one of our own citizens, and
one of the most distinguished of our citizens
in the ship-building line, has been the pioneer,
and has put his fortune into it; and for that
reason I was disposed to look kindly upon
that.
But, Mr. President, both of those, and all of
them together, with this one we are now talk-
ing about, are simply in the interest of trade,
to increase your trade. This line has no di-
rect reference at all, and only an incidental
and remote reference, in any sense whatever,
to the ship-building and maritime interests of
the country. You build a line of steamers,
thirteen perhaps, I do not know how many;
perhaps half a dozen will make this service
between New York and Brazil. That is the
extent of the shipping interest involved in it;
all the rest is trade. It is to stimulate trade.
If you do that for New York, why should you
not do it for Baltimore, for Philadelphia, and
all the ports between here and New Orleans,
and so to Maine, and all in the interest of
trade, which by the returns is superabound-
ing to-day ?
The chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce has aptly and forcibly stated what
illustrates the whole thing, the difference be-
tween sustaining a maritime fleet which is to
transport commerce and stimulating trade.
Now, the proposition which I have submit-
ted here,, or have caused to be read at the
Secretary's desk, with the purpose to offer it
by and by, is aproposition from the Committee
on Commerce. I take it from the bill reported
from that committee, which is to do what?
To restore the shipping interest of this coun-
try, to restore the merchant marine, to put
upon the ocean a fleet and a merchant ser-
vice which shall vie with that of England,
with the fleet you had when this war begun,
for then we divided the carrying trade of the
world with England. Young nation as we
were, we divided the carrying trade of the
world with that first Power in the commerce
oi the earth. And mark you, sir, never a
dollar of subsidy went into the construction
of that commercial fleet. It was brought up
by the industry and enterprise of the people
aided by general causes, which every gentle-
man who is familiar with that most interest-
ing of all the chapters in American history,
the rise and progress of the merchant marine
of this country, of course will understand.
Now, Mr. President, I do not feel like look-
ing upon any of these propositions with a
severe or sour aspect. We want help in our
region of country, and I know how easy it is
and how natural it would be to misinterpret
the position I might take here. I refuse to
vote for any of these propositions, and upon
my ground you will see how difficult it is for
me to vote for any unless it is to explore new
regions of trade, to be a pioneer in a new field
of commerce, where the ships we hope to
build hereafter may go to find new fields. I
say you see how difficult it is for me to vote
for any of these propositions on this ground,
because I say to you that shipping interest
which is prostrate in my State, those ship-
yards that are now desolate, that skilled labor
which for half a century heretofore had put
upon the seas those grand old ships that car-
ried your flag to every port of the world, are
waiting to be revived; they are waiting for a
change of circumstances, for a change in the
current of affairs in the world, or for some
favorable legislation here which shall put those
industries again in motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to go on by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. I hope so, too. I think
this amendment is worth all the subsidies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator from
Maine will proceed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, what
interest have this country in Maine's build-
ing ships, you ask? You say we are just as
selfish when we want to stimulate the enter-
prise and industry of ship-builders as are the
great companies seeking subsidies, or the great
cities to whose trade they contribute. That
maybe; but, Mr. President, it so turns out
that the world has come to believe that a
merchant marine is absolutely essential to a
nation's prosperity ; it is absolutely essential
to its defense. It is laid down as a maxim
that, more than ships of war, does a nation
depend for its defense upon its merchant fleet,
its maritime fleet. Everybody can see on a
single moment's reflection, without stopping
to elaborate the proposition, that that depends
on these two facts : if you have a merchant
fleet, you have all the elements of a navy, and
if you have not a merchant fleet, yon may
build ships, but you have nobody to sail them.
You must have a merchant fleet in order to
educate the men to man your men-of-war;
