1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
he does, that that is a very frequent provision
in charters of corporations, why would not
his argument apply to them? The answer
woald be, I suggest to him, that the creditor
who lends his money is bound to know the
corporate capacity of his debtor. Lending
money is not a coercive thing; it is a volun-
tary ttiiug. The man who lends it is there-
lore supposed to have interest enough in his
own affairs to look into the capacity of the
person who is to receive it, as if he were to
lend a married woman, who is under no legal
responsibilities. Of course he must take his
risk. He must know what he is about.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will say to the
honorable Senator that I do not know of any
city of Connecticut which is limited.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was not speaking of
cities, but of business corporations.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no doubt
business corporations are, and I do know of
cities which are- limited and are prohibited
from laying a larger tax than one which is
defined 111 the law, and I know the creditois
of those very cities that have taken bonds of
those cities in good faith, when they have
appealed to the treasurer for pay, have been
told they were prohibited by the charter from
meeting those obligations. 1 have known still
further of suits commenced against those cities
and the matter kept in the law for ten years,
and the creditors standing back because they
could not get their pay, and the city officers
claiming their inability to meet their claims ;
and X have known a writ of mandamus issued
from a proper court commanding certain things
to be done, yet they have not yet been done,
but a compromise has been made by which
those cities could lie off for years and not
meet their obligations. I do not think that is
right for any community to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Con-
necticut will pardon me—and I hate to take
up the time ot the Senate, and will not again,
I believe—for saying that in the very cases he
refers to, the very illustration he has brought
forward—and I know perfectly well what he
means, and the Senate does—the Supreme
Court determined that this duty to levy a tax
to pay the creditor was the first duty, and that
the pretense that they had gone up to their
limit of taxation as against the creditor did
not apply ; that the illegality was in the excess,
and thai the tax-payer, when this excess was
undertaken to be levied, mignt have prevented
it if he had a mind to, and paid his money
therefore voluntarily; otherwise, that the law
came in. And so in this case. If you will take
this amendment and provide this limitation it
does not prevent the creditor from having his
tax levied. It requires them to levy it; but
then, if the authorities choose to go further,
and levy more for other purposes than the
total limit provided, the property-holder, the
poor laboiing man, can apply for redress
by injunction to a court and stop it, and thus
prevent himself from being eaten up by tax-
ation.
The trouble in the case my friend refers to
was not the trouble of the law. It was the
trouble of the unwillingness, which would
have been just as bad without any law, worse,
indeed, without any law, on the part of those
corporations who did not choose to pay the
bonds they had improvidently and hastily
issued for purposes which were afterward not
popular.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The law, as I under-
stand it, prevented the court from issuing
proper writs to secure the justdemands of the
creditors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But, as my friend has
said, the court did issue a proper writ com-
manding the taxing authorities of the muni-
cipality to levy a tax for that purpose. The
difficulty was they would not obey.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Vermont has developed now, I think, the real
objection to passing this amendment, which is
his amendment in substance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it is my friend's
amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. The principle of the
thing is the same. If it was a question solely
considered with reference to the rights and
remedies of the creditor who had already
obtained these bonds, that is one thing; but,
as the Senator says, the creditor, even with
this limitation, must stay by and get his man-
damus whenever the city authorities propose
to levy the illegal excess of taxation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I beg my friend's
pardon. I did not say any such thing ; exactly
the reverse. He at all times could not be
wronged out of the lawful tax to be imposed
to pay him, by any excess of illegal taxation
for other purposes, and the citizen when any
such case was undertaken could interfere and
protect his rights. That is quit£ a different
proposition.
Mr. CARPENTER. The citizen is not
interested here, and, as I understand it, the
creditor cannot. I understand the law a little
differently from that laid down by the Senator
from Vermont. I may be mistaken about it,
not having recently examined it, but I under-
stand it is a good answer to a mandamus from
a court that the corporation has exhausted its
power of taxation as that power existed when
the bonds were issued. The Legislature cannot
subsequently diminish that power and enable
the corporation to shelter itself under the
repealing law.
But the point which I wish to suggest is this:
if we are to issue these bonds at all, we want
them to sell at the highest possible price. If
you subject them to any suspicion about this
payment, if you put in even this provision which
may raise a question about it the man who
takes the bond is, of course, going to take it at
a price which will enable him to be compen-
sated for that risk ; in other words, he will not
pay as much for the bonds as he would pay
if the interest on the bonds were to be paid
certainly at all events. Now, if this District
government will not stay within the limitation
fixed by Congress and act in good faith upon
it, we ought to deal with them for their delin-
quency. If they will not, however, we should
discipline them, and not deprive the creditors
who have taken the bonds on their good faith
of their just compensation. If we issue these
bonds subject to this doubt they will be
sacrificed in the market at such rates as will
compensate for that risk. That is my objec-
tion t.o the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I have twice
asked that the yeas and nays might be ordered
on this amendment. The Chair did not hear
me, I presume.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New York, Mr.
Coxkling. 1 should vote '"yea," and he
would vote "nay," if present.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Ames. Bayard. Caldwell, Cole,
Edmunds, Feny of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Soott, Spencer, Sprague, and
Wright—20. .
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Clayton. Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of
West Virginia, Fcnron, Gilbert. Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock. Kelly, Lewis, bogan, Morton, Norwood, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Poweroy, Pool, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Stevenson, Stewart, Tipton, Vickero, and Win-
dom—31.
ABSRNT — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Conkling, Davis
of Kentucky. Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg,Rice, Sherman,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, West, and
Wilson—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CALDWELL. What are the amend-
ments to the bill? Let them be read.
Several Senators. Let the bill be read as
it stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will now report the bill as it stands as
amended.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call the attention of the Senate again to the
act that we are called upon to approve, which,
authorizes the levying of a tax of six per cent.,
or such lower sum as shall suffice, in order to
pay the interest upon these bonds. If we pass
this act by way of approval of the action of the
territorial Legislature, if it becomes necessary
iu order to pay the other existing liabilities of
the District to levy a tax for the purpose of pay-
ing such liabilities and the interest on these
bonds, do we not sanction a tax up to six pel"
cent., whether it was a clerical error or not'!
Mr. STEWART. An amendment expressly
confines it. to the amount of $36,000 a year.
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New York, Mr.
Coxkxing. He would vote "yea," and I
should vote "nay."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On this ques-
tion I am paired with the Senator from West
Virginia, Mr. Boreman. If he were pres-
ent he would vote "yea," and I should vote
" nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Carpenter, Clayton,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Fori ton,
Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly,
Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Nye., Osborn, Pool, Ram-
sey, Sawyer, Stevenson, Stewart, Tipton, Viekers,
Wilson, and Windoin—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham. Cole,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Morrill
of Vermont, Patterson, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Scott, Spencer, Sprague, and Wright—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Caldwell. Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Conkling,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Flanagan, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Pomeroy, Rice, Schurz, Sher-
man, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and
W est—26.
So the bill was passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. IIARLAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope not. We have
got a great deal of important railway legisla-
tion yet to be gone into. There are some
subsidies to steamships that ought to be con-
sidered now. There are a good many land
grants that we ought to take up. I am sure
the honorable Senator from Iowa ought not to
press us about a little matter looking to the
expenditure of the people's money. _ That
ought to be suffered to lie. I hope be will not
persist in his motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I think this bill can be
disposed of in a short time, and then I shall
not object to the Senator taking up any of
those bills in which he feels an interest.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel an interest in all
of them.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business. , ,
Mr. HARLAN. Has the bill been taken
up?
The PBESIDING OFFICER. It has not.
The Senator from South Carolina submits a
motion that takes precedence.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senate will take
up this bill first.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us take up the bill
