1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It seems to me
that there is some danger in this bill. By a
combination on the part of certain banks they
may lock up a large portion of the currency
now used for commercial purposes, and there-
by create a tight money market, which would
be injurious to the commercial interests. It
strikes me that there is something in this view
of the bill, and I trust that gentlemen on this
side of the House will consider it in that light.
Mr. LYNCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. W. R. Roberts]
a question. I would inquire of tho gentleman
how it will facilitate the locking up of these
notps to send them to the Treasury of the
United States, any more than if the banks
were to lock them up in their own vaults ?
Mr. POTTER. 1 desire to suggest to my
colleague that he change a single phrase in the
second section, and that is in place of the
words "be used" he insert the words "be
accepted."
Mr. MERRIAM. I am willing to accept
that amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow me to -make amotion to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency. These banks are not very
popular with the people. They are not an
institution that the people are very fond of;
there is a great deal of complaint about them.
I do not care, for one, to extend any further
privileges to them that are not given to all the
people.
Mr. MERRIAM. It would not bo possible
for the country to do business without banks,
and in this age of the world I am surprised
that a gentleman should oppose the existence
of banks.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 am not saying anything
against banks. I only say that these banks
are not too popular with the people ; they are
called monopolies; and if additional privileges
are given to them, that are not given to other
people, it will add to the odium under which
they now rest.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me to move an amendment.
Mr. McGREW. I rise to a question of
order. I ask that gentlemen bo required to
take their seats.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very glad
to be assisted by members in his endeavor
to enforce order. Gentlemen will take their
seats.
Mr. COBURN. I rise to a parliamentary
question. I hear down there in front an
amendment talked of which the gentleman
who has charge of this bill says ho accepts. 1
desire to know whether the committee has the
power to accept an amendment.
The SPEAKER. It was not the Chair who
said anything on that subject, and the Chair is
not responsible for conversation on the floor.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to inquire if that
amendment has been adopted by unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to move to strike
out from lines nine and ten in the first section
the words ''the place where tho deposits
therefor were made," and to insert in lieu
thereof "the Treasury of the United States."
The effect of the amendment will be to make
these certificates redeemable herein Washing-
ton, and not at the place where the money was
deposited. My object in this is to avoid re-
quiring the Goyernment to take care of the
money in the banks in different parts of the
country, and to transport it to and fro at its
own expense.
Mr. MERRIAM. It would destroy the
whole effect of the bill if the banks of Cin-
cinnati, for instance, were required to send
the certificates to Washington for redemption.
I move the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the previous question
be not seconded, cannot I move to recommit
the bill?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Then I hope the pre-
vious question will not be seconded, and I
will move to recommit the bill.
Mr. POTTER. Will the motion to recom-
mit include the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Monroe?]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They declined
to allow that to come in.
Mr. POTTER. That ought to come in.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the bill be
now recommitted to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to offer an amendment, so
that it may be recommitted with the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will move that the bill
with the amendments pending, and the one
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] now desires to offer, be recommitted ;
and upon that motion I ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MONROE. I believe I have drawn up
an amendment which will cover precisely the
point presented by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] and my colleague, [Mr.
Gaupield.] It is to add to section two the
following:
I'rovtdcd, That tlic legal tenders deposited as
security for tl' . redemption of tho certificate shall
not be counted as any part of the legal-tender
reserve now required by law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Now I move that the
bill, with the several amendments that have
been offered, shall be printed and recommit-
ted to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, and on that motion I call the previous
question.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers on sec-
onding the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman want
debate on tho motion to recommit?
Mr. WHEELER. That is not my object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the ob-
ject of the gentleman from New York [Mr
Wheeler] to be this : as his committee will
be the next to bo called, he desires to use up
the small portion of the morning hour now
remaining so that it shall not run against his
committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I have made the call for
tellers at the request of others.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wheeler and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes one hundred and two,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the motion of Mr.
Scofield was agreed to.
Mr. SCOBTELD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
national banks.
Mr. WALDRON. I ask unauimous consent
to report from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, with a recommendation that the
same do pass, House bill No. 1458, to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by the pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof," approved June
3, 1801.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency entitled to any more time?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent on this call.
Mr. KERR. Then I object to any further
report from that committee on this call.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Kerr] to reserve his objection until this bill
has been read.
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw my objection
until the bill has been read.
The bill was then read.
Mr. KERR. I will not object to this bill
being reported if I can be recognized to make
a motion that it be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALDRON. 1 will not object to that.
Mr. SHELDON. I object to the reference
of this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KERR. Then I object to its being
reported.
Mr. SHELDON. While this bill is appar-
ently of much importance, it is a very simple
bill, and one that should be passed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] objects to the bill being re-
ported unless it is referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHELDON. Very well; then I will
consent to that reference.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As there is but
a small portion of the morning hour remaining,
I ask that we may now proceed to the consid-
eration of business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN. How much time is left of
the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. Twelve minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; I will not ob-
ject, although objection was made when a
similar request was made for the benefit of
the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first enter-
tain such miscellaneous business as can be
transacted without objection.
william stoddard.
Mr. DICKEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported
back the papers in tho case of William Stod-
dard, late assistant quartermaster, asking for
relief'; and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
union home school.
Mr. DICKEY, from the same committee,
by unanimous consent, reported back the
papers in relation to appropriations for Union
Home School for orphans of the late war; and
moved that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor."
The motion was agreed to.
ku klux reports.
Mr. BEATTY. from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
Iicxolved by the Ilrm-r. of Hcjiresentatives, (the
Senate concurring,) Thut. there be printed of tlio
majority and minority reports of the joint Com-
mittee to Inquire into the Condition of the lato
Insurrectionary States ten thousand extra copies,
of which thirty-five hundred shall be tor the use
of the Senate, and sixty-five hundred for the use of
the House of Representatives: also fifteen hundred
extra copies ot all the testimony taken by said
committee, of which five hundred copies shall be for
the use of the Senate, and one thousand for the use
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
aiso moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed lo.
female employes of govebnment.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, with amendments, from the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, a bill (H. R.
No. 689) to regulate thepaymentof the female
employes of the Government, and for other pur-
poses ; which was ordered to be printed with
the amendments, and recommitted.
