1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
duced before any part of the stamps had been
recovered.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That ex-
planation is satisfactory.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. In the allow-
ance of claims of this kind it has usually
been required that proper diligence should be
shown on the part of the officer seeking relief;
and it lias generally been insisted that he should
havclcept the stamps in some safe place, as. for
instance, ail iron safe. But under the circum-
stances I do not mean to object to a bill of
this kind, where it is shown that there was no
carelessness on the part of the officer.
Mr. E. tl. ROBERTS. Due diligence was
shown by him in the fact that he used a strong
box to keep his stamps in during business hours.
It. -was also shown by the fact that he at once
offered a reward of $1,000. which be paid
from his private funds for the recovery of a
large portion of the stamps.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAItY PETRIE.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back House bill No.
676 for the relief of Mary Petrie, widow of
George C. Petrie, late a private of the seven-
teenth regiment infantry volunteers, with the
recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions ; which motion
was agreed to.
COMMANDER 13. W. IIOLMES.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported back the petition of Commander
E. W. Holmes, United States Navy, with the
recommendation that, it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs; which motion
was agreed to.
FRAUDULENT INDORSEMENTS OP ATTORNEYS.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
reported back adversely bill (H. R. No. 1-11)
granting payment of bounties, back pay, &c.,
provided by previous laws of Congress to
certain soldiers therein named who have been
defrauded of the same by their attorneys with-
out authority, and moved that the same be laid
upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Read the bill.
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs are entirely opposed to the prin-
ciple of this bill in making the Government
of the United States the indorser of the fraudu-
lent acts of claim agents,.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope we shall have the
bill read before we dispose of it so summarily.
Mr. COBURN. Certain soldiers having
claims against the United States, who had them
allowed and checks audited by the Second Aud-
itor of the Treasury, and who lost them through
the fraudulent indorsement of their attorneys,
now ask in this bill that the Government of
the United States shall reimburse for those
losses.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that bill will be re-
ported in orderthatthe House may understand
this matter, as many of us were unable to hear
all that my colleague said.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
That the Second Auditor of the Treasury be, and
lie is hereby, authorized to pay the following sol-
diers,to wit: Charles Ashburn, late private company
eleventh Kansas volunteer cavalry; Joseph F
King, kite private company A, twelfth Indiana
infantry; Joseph Grant, late private company I,
third Wisconsin cavalry; Samuel Barhan, lather of
Eli Barhan. late sergeant company C, tenth Kansas
infantry; James Clarke, late privato company H,
one hundred and tenth Ohio infantry; Jesse Sutton,
late pnvate company II, ninth Kansns volunteers;
Ottawa Sutton, late private company H, ninth Kan-
sas volunteers: Joseph Mundcll. late private com-
pany A, ninth Kansas volunteers: S. \V. Hildreth,
late private company C, third Wisconsin cnvalry;
George Amly, late private company E. sixth Kansas
cav.iliy, ^100 each, losses sustained by them through
agents, to whom they intrusted the prosecution of
their claims, by fraudulent indorsement of checks
issued in payment of same.
Skc. 2. That the Second Auditor of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to James
Conneil. late privatecompany I, seventy-ninth Uni-
ted States colored infantry, $250 78, losses of bounties
and arrears of pay sustained by him through agents,
to whom ho intrusted the prosecution of his claim,
by fraudulent indorsement of cheek issued in pay-
ment of same; and thesum of SI.250 78 be, and tho
S.U110 is hereby, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not othorwiso appropriated, for the
purposes aforesaid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not ohject to the gen-
tleman's motion. I thought it was a general
bill of a different character.
Mr. LOWE. 1 should like to say in regard
to the bill, that it proposes relief to these sol-
diers who havesuffered considerable hardship,
ft is only justice to them that they should
receive the money to which they are entitled.
These parties served tho requisite time, and
the obligation on the part of the Government
to pay them has been already recognized by the
pension department; but., through the fraudu-
lent action of claim agents, tdiev have lost their
money. 1 should like to have the bill further
considered by til" commit tee, and I shall tbere-
foie move that it be recommitted.
Mr. MAYNARD. If it involves the prop-
osition that thc'United States shall stand as
guarantor for the faithfulness and honesty of
claim agents, I shall most ccrtaiuh object to it.
Mr. COBURN. It seems to me useless to
recommit a bill of thi-i kind to the Committee
on Military Affairs; for, as 1 have said, the
committee is entirely opposed to the principle.
TheSPEAKER. If the gentleman objects,
the motion to recommit cannot be entertained,
and the only question bafoie the House is the
motion to lay upon the table.
The bill was laid 011 the table.
DINII'E 11. ZIMMERMAN.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported adversely upon the memorial of
Daniel B. Zimmerman, ninety-third Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, asking for relief; and the
same was laid 011 the table.
.TAMES M'OLISERf.
Mr. PETERS. The Committee 011 the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the question of
the compensation of Hon. James McCleery,
deceased, a member elect of the House from
the State of Louisiana, have directed me to
report the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Jlesoloed, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to pay to tho lieir-at-law or the heirs-at-law of
lion. James MoCloery, deceased, a member-elect of
the House frofn tho State of Louisiana, the usual
mileage for one session, nnd his salary from March
4,1871, to November 5,1871, the date of his death.
. Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest that the resolu-
tion be amended by inserting the words " or
his legatees."
Mr. PETERS. I do not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURETIES Of CfltEEN W. CALDWELL.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the principal
and sureties to the official bond of Green W.
Caldwell, late superintendent of the branch
mint at Charlotte, North Carolina.
The bill was read. It extends the provis-
ions of an act of Congress approved April 29,
1864, entitled "An act for the relief of post-
masters who have been robbed by confederate
forces or rebel guerrillas," to the relief of the
principal and securities to the official bond of
Green W. Caldwell, late superintendent of the
branch mint of the United States at Charlotte,
North Carolina, and authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to credit said
superintendent and his securities in the settle-
ment of his accounts with theamountof which
he may have been so robbed.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.'
Mr. KELLEY. I should like to have some
information in_ regard to the circumstances
under which this bill is presented.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I will state to
the House the facts in relation to this bill. On
inquiry at the 'Treasury Department it was
ascertained by the committeethat the accounts
of this superintendent, Green W, Caldwell,
were all correct and he was in no default up
to the 14th March. 1861. Between the 15th
and 20th April, 1801, two companies of armed
troops, the Hornet's Nest Rifles and the
Charlotte Greys, took forcible possesion of
the branch mint at Charlotte, and carried
away the bullion that was there at the time,
amounting to about thirty-four thousand dol-
lars. The evidence submitted to the commit-
tee showed that the superintendent was in no
way conniving at the robbery, but did all he
could to prevent the money being carried away.
A suit has since been instituted upon the bond
of the superintendent, and it is for the purpose
of relieving from liability on that bond that
this bill has been introduced.
'I he committee is unanimously of opinion
that this bill ought to pass, on the ground that
the superintendent was in 110 way responsible
for the loss of this money, which was carried
away by force which he could not control.
According to all the information we have on
the subject he proved himself to be a loyal
man from the beginning to tho end.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. .1 would like to
know whether the sureties belonged to the
companies which robbed the mint
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. 1 have no in-
formation on that subject. It seemed to the
committee that, this party having been in no
way responsible for the loss of the money,
which was carried way forcibly by armed men,
this relief should be granted. If the sureties
are compelled to pay the money to the Gov-
ernment, they will have recourse against the
superintendent or bis estate. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OltDEU OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The committees have all
been called through, and the morning hour
has expired.
Mr. WOOD. If there is nothing before the
House. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire permission
to introduce a resolution.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair will first rec-
ognize the chairman of the Committee of
Elections for a resolution, which was post-
poned during the morning hour.
CONTESTED ELECTION CIDDINOS VS. CLARKE.
Mr. McCRARY. The parties in the con-
tested-election case. Giddings vs. Clarke, third
district of Texas, have agreed upon the fol-
lowing resolution, which 1 desire to present at
this time.
The Clerk read as follows:
llcx'jhcd, That in the contested-election case of
Giddings vs. Clarke, from the third congressional
