3064
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4'
and hence all maritime Powers and all com-
mercial Powers, and finally all modern nations
who are seeking power, and especially are
seeking trade, have found it, absolutely neces-
sary to encourage ship building.
Another maxim is equally true, and a self-
evident proposition, that you cannot have a
merchant fleetunless you build your own ships,
and you cannot have an efficient fleet unless
you man your own ships. Hence, froip the very
beginning of this Government we have en-
couraged a nursery of seamen ; that is to say,
here were some fishing people who were ac-
customed to lish in the northern seas, and so
we subsidized them, gave them a bounty, and
called that a school for sailors, and there we
educated the men for the Navy. We built
ships, and when this war broke out we had
over five million tons of American shipping.
Nearly one million tons went directly into the
service of the Government and did most effi-
cient service supplying what we lacked, a navy.
There is another consideration, and that is
the general aspect, of this question which
appeals to the whole country. It a.ppeals to
the West just as strongly as it appeals to the
North. If this country is a common interest
to us all, then we all have a common interest
to see to it that somehow or other our com-
merce, and our shipping interests, as distinct
from our commerce or as connected with our
commerce, shall be revived, and that we shall
adopt some reasonable policy if, we can, by
■which it shall be revived.
Another interest obviously is that, it gives
employment to a great many people. The
carrying trade between this country and Eu-
rope alone is worth $100,000,000. At the
breaking out of the war we had sixty-eight per
cent, ot it; we have now less than twenty-five.
Is it practicable to recall that? I think it is,
and by the simplest processes. Not a dollar
of subsidy. Give us cheap materials and we
will do it. Give us the ground on which we
can stand, so that we shall have our materials
just as cheaply as they cau be afforded else-
where, and then all these ship-yards in the
North and throughout the country, and all that
skilled labor will be at work at once, and you
will find that we shall restore the balance of
the shipping interest upon the ocean that now
stands against us.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to advert, if
I do not weary the Seuate, to some general
causes. It has been said here to-day that no-
body has offered any different proposition than
subsidies as a temporary remedy.
Mr. HOWE. If ray friend will allow me, I
wish to ask him if he recollects what propor-
tion of the tonnage employed in this European
trade is subsidized and what is not?
Mr. MOIIKILL, of Maine. There are thir-
teen lines of steamers plying between this
country and Europe. Pour of them are sub-
sidized, and lour only.
Mr. COLE. More than that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. COLE. Does that include those who
carry the mails for the postages ?
_ Mr. MOKIULL, of Maine. I mean sub-
sidized by foreign countries. We pay a con-
tribution for carrying the mails. That is an
addition, I suppose. And they are notlargely
subsidized either. Great Britain has a sub-
sidized line with Brazil. I am not able to
tell you the service ; I think it is monthly ;
but that service is for $175,000, and she has
no other that I know of with that country,
certainly no subsidized line with that country,
•with whom we are now seeking more intimate
relations.
Now, it is said that we must go to subsidies
because no better method has been pointed
out, and that we must go to subsidies on the
idea of reviving our commerce. So far as
ship-building is concerned, the people of my
State, although they are very largely inter-
ested in it, so largely that at the beginning of
the war, and for years before that, we were
building in the State of Maine one half of all
the foreign sea-going ships, take no interest
in this question of subsidies. You may sub-
sidize a series of lines from Portland to New
Orleans and that will not revive ship-building
in my State.
It is said that we do not show the causes of
this decline. The honorable Senator from
Nevada says we are in utter ignorance of the
causes ; we know the fact that we have fallen
into this dilapidated condition, into this decad-
ence, but how we came here nobody tells, no-
nobody seems to know. It is the plainest
thing in the world. Whoever has read care-
fully the history of the navigating interests of
this country must know the rise and progress
of the navigating interest. It is no marvel to
any one who has looked at it, nor was it done
by adventitious or factitious causes, but it was
by force of general causes It began as soon
as we were a nation, and before—as soon as
we achieved our independence. The general
state of things in Europe conspired to make it
easy for our people to go into the navigating
interest. You remember that in 1790, and
from that time down to 1815, all European
nations were m a state of disorder; they were
at war. That was our harvest. We were here
a new people, fresh, outside of all these
troubles, with no entangling alliances. \Ve
went largely into the shipping interest ; and
now look at the tables and see to what we run
up. Up to 1820 we had become a commercial
people, young as we were, and from that gen-
eral cause. The nations of Europe had sought
our ships because they were safe.
Things ran on until a new cause of a general
character operated to stimulate this shipping
interest, and that was the acquisition of Texas
and the Mexican war, and the things growing
out of that, and in addition to that the discov-
ery of California and the opening of that vast
trade. If you will look at the navigating inter-
ests and ship-building interests, you will see
they sprang into life amazingly, and that in
1854 and 1S5G, which I will call the close of
that period, we had gone up to almost five
million tons of shipping, American tonnage,
and it was under the operation of these gen-
eral causes. Never one dollar came from the
Government of any description whatever. The
Government did not subsidize us or encourage
us in any way. It was all of it the result of
the industry, the enterprise, and the skill of
the American people acting on their own
account.
There is no more interesting period in the
history of the world's commerce than that cov-
ering this later period when wc put those
splendid clipper ships on the water, and our
renown was carried on every sea and into every
land. England, who had cultivated the art of
ship-building, beginmng in 1300, found herself
eclipsed by this new nation, and found herself
an imitator instead of a teacher in the art of
naval structure.
Now, is there any great mystery about what
has been done? Is there any great doubt
about what you may do ? Is there any great
doubt how all this can be restored ? There
wait in idleness to-day those very yards which
have built the ships of which we are speaking;
there are the skilled workmen shifting and
turning, waiting for a turn in time or waiting
for some friendly legislation by the Govern"
ment, waiting for those vast burdens which
have come upon Congress and the nation to
pass away, when they hope Congress will turn
a kindly look in that direction. If you will
give them cheap material, as contemplated by
the proposition reported from the Committee
on Commerce, not send us to the Committee
on Postal Service, but recognize the fact which
the Committee on Commerce has recognized,
you will find ali these industries teeming and
at once, and a decade will not pass away again
before you will find that we will put the balance
on our side without any subsidies whatever.
Mr. President, of course I am only glancing
at this subject in the most general possible
way. It is a large field, and a great deal can
be said in detail about it. I do not wish to be
understood as standing here now as an antag-
onist to what the Senate may think it desirable
to do to stimulate trade in any of these direc-
tions. I am willing that my people, if it is
thought desirable, shall be put in to stimulate
trade in this direction; but while you are
doing that, I beg the Senate to consider that
here is a great interest which is prostrate, the
ship-building interest, and that what you are
doing will do them little or no good at all so
far as a remedy is concerned. If you would
rejoice to see thesegrand old ships again upon
the ocean, you must look to something else
besides subsidies. They will not accomplish
the object.
Sir, I thought in the beginning that I would
not say anything on this subject, and was rather
reluctant to do so. I thought I would wait
for some other opportunity to arise before I
would even venture to address the Senate upon
this general interest so dear to our people ;
but on the whole I have made up my mind to-
day to say this much ; and when the Senate
shall have voted upon this proposition, if they
sustain it, or whether they do or not, before it
shall pass from the consideration of the Sen-
ate I shall ask a vote upon the amendment
I have had read, to see whether on the whole
it is not the sense of the Senate that the time
has come, that the burdens of the Government
have been sufficiently relieved, that at length
we can see the clear sky over us, indicating
not only that peace has come, but that pros-
perity is ours, and that we may reach out our
hands and do a little something for this in-
terest.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I apprehend
that we are all in search of the truth m refer-
ence to these matters, and that we are anxious
to get at the best method of promoting the
interests of our own country. I think my
friend, the honorable Senator from Maine,
who last spoke, was perhaps a little too much
inclined to look to but one branch of the sub-
ject as the means of promoting our commerce.
I think the fact may be stated in this way :
ships will be built when they are required tor
commerce. If the necessity for them should ,
be created, or should arise in any way, or
should arise from any cause, ships will be
built, and the ship-yards will be stimulated
and revived.
I think I reason correctly when I say that
the opening of these lines of communication
between our country and other countries cre-
ates a necessity for ship building : in the first
place, for the building of the steamships that
are to run to and fro ; and not only those, but
the construction of ships to supply the fuel
always necessarily connected with these lines,
supply ships; and not only those, but they
create a necessity for commercial or regular
trading ships. When the people trading in
Melbourne or Sydney get information through
a line of this kind of what is needed in San
Francisco or New York, they will supply it, of
course, quicker than anybody else if they have
the material; and so you may reverse the prop-
osition : if we in New York or Boston or San
Francisco ascertain by these speedy and regu-
lar lines of communication what is needed in
those distant cities, we immediately set about
supplying that demand ; and that, of course,
will create a necessity for ships, and the neces-
sity of course springs up for supplying ships,
and they must be supplied by the navy-yards
of Maine and other States where they can be
constructed. In this way activity in the ship-
building interest i3 directly increased. It can-
not bo otherwise.
I think it pretty clear that these lines of
regular communication, for the reasons I have
mentioned, promote ship-building. In the first
place, they promote communication between
the countries, and the ship-building to sustain
the resulting commerce mult necessarily fol-
