2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
and then wo will agree to the motion of the
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator from
South Carolina withdraw his motion until the
question can be put, on taking up thi9 bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from South Carolina withdraw his
motion?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have no objection to
doing so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from South Carolina is with-
drawn, and the question is on the motion of
the Senator from Iowa, that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Now, that bill being
taken up, I renew my motion that the St-nate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
After five minutes spent in executive session
the doors were reopened, and (at four o'clock
and forty-one minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 4, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
professor s. V. b. morse.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to pre-
sent the following concurrent resolution ex-
pressive of the sense of the House on the
death of the late Professor S. F. B. Morse.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
the resolution, as tollows:
Jie it resolved, the., rIhat the Federal Congress has
heard with profound regret of the demise of Pro-
fessor S. li. Morse. His fumo is not merely na-
tional or Amoiican, but woild-wide. His distin-
guished and varied abilities have contributed more
than those of any other intellect of our generation
to tho development and progress of the practical
arta. Uis invention of tho olcetro-magnetic tele-
graph, which was at first received with incredulity
by the people, and with tho meager favor, if not
distrust of Congress, iiaa duiiut,' Uis life attained an
eminence wliieti, so long as human thought is dis-
seminated by tho lightning, will form an evor-grow-
ing tributo and enduring monument to his tame.
Winle his name will be forever associated with thoso
of Outtenberg, Watt, Fulton, and others, who made
scienco useful, benign, and civilizing, his purity of
private lite, his loftiness of scientific aim, and his
resolute faith in truth, render it eminently proper
that tlw Representatives of the people and thoSen-
ators of the States should solemnly testify to his
worth and greatness.
Mr. COX. I will yield for a moment to my
colleague, [Mr. Wood,] who was a member of
Congress when Professor Morse's invention
came before it.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have no dis-
position to delay the business of the House.
I was a member of the Hous« of Represent-
atives of the Twenty-Seventh Congress, to
which Professor Morse made his application
for governmental aid in order to test the prac-
ticability of his invention. He came here
in the winter of 1842-43 in a state of pecun-
iary dependence, broken down by disappoint-
ment, and almost entirely discouraged, but
throwing himself at last, as it were, upon the
bounty of the Government. With great diffi-
culty we succeeded in passing through the
House a resolution directing the Committee
on Commerce, the chairman of which was Mr.
John P. Kennedy, of Maryland, to investigate
and report as to the propriety and expediency
of making a small appropriation to test the
value of this so-called invention. That com-
mittee finally reported, after much delay,
imicb obstruction, and serious opposition, lu
favor oi making an appropriation of §30,000.
The proposition went to the committee of
the Whole, where it was ridiculed by amend-
ments which were intended to be ironical and
destructive. Mr. Robert S. Winthrop, of
Boston, was the chairman of the Committee of
the Whole, who ruled against this attempt to
defeat the proposition. That committee re-
ported the bill back to the House, and it was
in the same day passed by a vote of 89 to 87.
And, Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride I find
my own name recorded in the affirmative,
being to-day the only living member of either
House of Congress who voted in favor of the
bill. It went to the Senate, where it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, of which
Silas Wright, of New York, was the chair-
man. They reported the bill back on the
same day, February 25, 1848, and it passed
the Senate unanimously. And with that small
appropriation the first wires were stretched
between Baltimore and Washington, which
tested and proved the entire practicability of
the invention which Professor Morse had
struggled so'long to make a practical success.
I have only risen to state briefly these facts
concerning the first establishment of the mag-
netic telegraph as the means of rapid light-
ning communication between remote distances.
I hope the House will pass the resolution
offered by my colleague as a fitting expression
oil the part of this House on the decease of a
man who has done so much honor to the coun-
try of which he was so worthy a citizen.
The resolution was passed.
theodore s. comparet.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
back a bill (S. No. 494) placing the name of
Theodore S. Comparet on the pension-roll,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll the name of Theodore
S. Comparet, late first lieutenant and quarter-
master of the one hundred and forty-second
Indiana volunteers, at the rate of $12 75 per
month, subject to the conditions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, and to commence
from the passage of this act.
_ The bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
margaretta becker.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (S. No. 804) granting a pension
to Margaretta Becker.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Mrs. Margaretta Becker, the
widow of Leopold Becker, late captain of
company D, seventy-fourth regiment Illinois
infantry, and to pay her a pension at the.rate
of twenty dollars a month from and after the
passage of this act, and to continue during her
widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MOORE m,oved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abigail ryan.
Mr. MOORE also, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Invalid
X>et!sious, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (8. No. 805) to grant a pension
to Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject t'o the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas
A. JRyan, and pay her a pension to commence
from the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment of rules.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Heaolved, That the Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the rules a's to allow to each committee two
whole days in which to make reports upon their
regular call.
national currency.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous eonsent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2200) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by the pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof," approved June 3,
1864, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2201) for the removal
of the political disabilities of sundry persons;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
0kder of business.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on Commerce a bill for present consid-
eration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a statement in regard to the condition of busi-
ness, in order that gentlemen may intelligently
apprehend it. The unfinished business is the
bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, House bilfNo. 2116, to amend an act
entitled " A.n act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," approved February 28, 1871. The
business of the morning hour is the bill le-
ported from the Committee on the Public
Lands in regard to homesteads. At half past
one, that is, after the lapse of an hour and ten
minutes from the present time, the House pro-
ceeds to the consideration of the bill in relation
to shipping commissioners. Under these cir-
cumstances it is for the House to determine
whether it will have the regular order. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Townsend]
asks unanimous consent to report a bill from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KERR. I demand the regular order.
security of life on steamboats.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
the regular order of business, the considera-
tion of House bill No. 2116, to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," approved February 28, 1871. The
question is on the substitute of the gentleman
irom New York [Mr. Townsesd] asamended
by the amendments of the gentleman from
Ohio [Air. Perry] and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] for the sections moved
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
