3960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
cle; and if tins goes out, all the articles that
are made from quicksilver of course should
follow. This is one of the most expensive
preparations that are made from that article,
and the duty at the present time is thirty per
cent. I trust it will not be made free at
present.
Mr. THURMAN. The duty now is thirty
per cent. I understand from the Senator. Now,
I submit to the Senate whether it is right to
tax a medicine not nearly so much in use now
as it once was, but still a most valuable medi-
cine, thirty per cent? I say once more I am
not in favor of putting tea and coffee on the
free list uuder the pretense that they are
necessaries, and taxing the people thirty per
cent, ou their medicines. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
Mr. NYE. Does the Senator from Ohio
think our physicians will charge us any less
if we take off the duty?
Mr. THTJRMAN. I do not know that our
physicians will, but our druggists will.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
already two amendments pending.
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps the Senator from
Ohio will accept it.
Mr. THURMAN. My amendment is the
one pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But that is
an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittor to strike out and insert.
Mr. THTJRMAN. That is true.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Delaware for the adoption
of the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, It be all thrown overboard one mile
from the &uij>. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. We all understand that.
My friend is a homeopathist. [Laughter.] I
stand by the allopaths. I am an old plain
Democrat, and he is slipping away from the
faith, and the Lord knows where he will land.
[Laughter.] I therefore cannot accept his
amend nient,.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope there will be no other
division of the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. That was intended in the
interests of humanity, but it seems to be so
ill appreciated that ( ask to withdraw it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICELi. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oliio, upon which he has demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesulted—yeas 20, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Casserly, Clayton,
Copper. Furry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Mary-
land. II,million ot Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
^NurwHul, Pomeroy, Scfiurz, Spencer, Stockton,
Tliunn in, Trumbull, Vickers, and WiNou—20.
N A VS— Ame*, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caui'-rnn, Chandler, Cole, Cnnkling. Corbett, Cra-
pui. Ferry of Micliiixin, Flanagan, Frelinehuysen,
Morrill ot' Vermont, Mnr'on, Nj e.Oborn, Patterson,
l'r.iti. It imaey. Seott. Sherman, and Wright—22.
ABSK.Vr — Me^rs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman,
Biowinoff, Carpenter. Davis of Keniucky, Davis
ot "Wi'st Virginia,, Fdmunds. Fenton.Gilbert, (jold-
thwaiie, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Kel-
losg. Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Pool, Han-
som, li ce, Robertson. Saulsburv, Sawyer. Sprague.
Steven>oti. Stewart. Sumner, Tipton, West, and
"Wimioui-—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The reading of the proposed free list was
continued, as follows:
Camphor, crude;
Caibolie acid;
Cat-gut strings, or gut-cord, for musical instru-
ment:-;
Chamomile flowers;
Cllan-o.il ;
China root;
Cn.ciiona root;
Chiuniio and sulphate of lime,
Mr MORRILL, of Vermont. In line two
hundred and fifty-nine, "chloride and sulphate
of iiiiie,'' I suggest that we leave out the
words "and sulphate," because that is already
free now. It is plaster of Paris. I ask to
have those words omitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the proposed free list, as follows:
Clippings and waste of brass, "bronze, or Dutch
metal, fit only for remanufaeture.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same argument
holds good in regard to that as held good in
regard to the clause about old brass. There
is no limit to the amount that would be im-
ported under that clause free of duty. They
have only got to clip the material and it comes
in free. I therefore move to strike out in
lines two hundred and sixty and two hun-
dred and sixty one:
Clippings and waste of brass, bronze, or Dutch
metal, fit only for remanufaeture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the proposed free list was
continued, as follows:
Coal-stores of American vessels: Provided, That
none shall be unloaded;
Cobatt, ore ot; -
Cocoa or cocao, crude, and butter, fiber, leaves,
and shells of;
Coir;
Colcothar, dry, or oxide of iron;
Coltsfoot, (crude drug;)
Contrayerva root;
Copper, old, taken from the bottom of American
vessels compelled by marine disaster to repair in
foreign ports.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not see how you
are to discriminate whether the copper came
from the bottom of an American ship or from
some other ship. 1 think that clause should
likewise be stricken out. Of course, all old
copper taken from any bottom can come in as
taken from American bottoms. There would
be no particular objection to this if the ship
brought its own copper back; but to admit
any copper that was asserted to be taken from
American bottoms would open a wide door
for fraud.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Sena-
tor from Michigan that this is admitted duty
free under the present law. Here it is:
"Copper, old, taken from the bottom of Amer-
ican vessels compelled by marine disaster to repair
in foreign ports."
It is inserted here because others are put in
the free list.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is that free under the
present law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. How do you detect cop-
per taken from American bottoms from that
taken from other bottoms ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know. But I
suppose they do it by the sworn statement of
the owner of the vessel, or seme other proof.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will pass that for the
present. It looks to me as if it were opening
the door for large frauds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan is with-
drawn.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to ask a ques-
tion here. If this free list represents what is
already on the free list, why does the Senator
from Vermont strike out sulphate of lime?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not except in
certain cases. For instance, this section pro-
vides for an entire change of the duty on cop-
per, and therefore it was necessary to repeat
the different classes of copper. The section
as it came from the House entirely changed
the grades of copper. In some few cases of
that kind the free list is repeated.
Mr. CONKHNG. Otherwise it would not
be held to be repealed by what we might do
here ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the proposed free list, as follows:
Cowage down;
Cow or kine pox, or vaccine virus!
Cubebs;
Curling-stones or quoits;
Curry and curry powders;
Cyanite or kyanite;
Diamonds, rough or unout, including glazier's
diamonds;
Dried bugs;
Dried blood;
Dried and prepared flowers;
Elecampane root;
Ergot;
Fans, common palm-leaf;
Farina;
Flowers, leaves, plants, roots, barks, and seeds, for
medicinal purposes, in a crude state, not otherwise
provided for;
Firewood;
Flint, flints, and ground flint-stones;
Fossils;
Galanga, or galangal;
Garancine;
Gentian root;
Ginger root;
Ginseng root;
Goldbeaters' molds and goldbeaters' skins;
Gold, oxide of;
Gold size;
Grease, not otherwise provided for, and for use as
soap-stock only;
Gunny-bags and gunny-cloth, old or refuse, fit
only lor remanufaeture;
Gut and worm-gut, manufactured or unmanufac-
tured, for whip and other cord:
Guts, salted;
Hair, all horse, cattle, and hog, cleaned or un-
cleanea, drawn or undrawn, but unmanufactured;
Hair of hogs, curled, for beds and mattresses;
Hellebore root;
Hide cuttings, raw, with or without the hair on,
for glue-stock;
Hide rope;
Hides, namely. Angora goat-skins, r*w, without
the wool, unmanfactured; asses' skins, raw, un-
manufactured ;
Hides of cattle, raw or uncured, whether dry,
salted, or pickled, and skins, except sheep-skins
with the wool on.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask a little
explanation of that. As I have had occasion .
to say several times, the agriculturists of this
country have a very poor chance to derive
any benefit from the tariff, while they are taxed
greatly on the most of the articles they con-
sume. Now, here is an article, hides, an article
that the agriculturists of the country have some
interest in, and it is proposed to admit all the
hides of South America free of duty. That is
what it comes to.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is just what it is.
Mr. THTJRMAN. That is just what it is
proposed to do, I understand. I might go far
back. It looks a little curious to see this free
list. Here, on line three hundred and nine, we
have:
Ilair, all horse, cattle, and hog, cleaned or un
cleaned, drawn or undrawn, but unmanufactured.
That all comes in free. Then we have:
Hair of hogs, curled, for beds and mattresses.
That is to come in free.
Hide cuttings, raw, with or without the hair on,
for glue-stock.
That is free.
Then " hide rope" is free.
Hides, namely. Angora goat-skine, raw, without
the wool, unmanufactured; asses'skins, raw, unman-
ufactured;
Hides of cattle, raw or uncured, whether dry,
salted, or pickled, and skins, except sheep-skins with
the wool on.
I should like to have some explanation of
how it is that these articles, which are the
product of the farmers of the country chiefly,
are to have no protection, as it is called, at all.
They are placed on the free list, while almost
everything that the farmer has to consume has
to pay a duty.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Ohio to allow me to make a
motion for an executive session. It is now a
quarter to five o'clock, or nearly that.
Mr. THUliMAN. The Senator need not
ask me. I have said all that I desire to say
for the present.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very much obliged
to the Senator. I now move that the Senate
go into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
before the Senate adopt that motion that at
half past seven o'clock, when the recess
expires, I shall feel it my duty to insist on
going on with the tariff bill. There was
some controversy and some little feeling grew
out of the fact last night that several Sen-
