1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
A bill (H. R. No. 893) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Kenyon ;
A bill (H. R No. 894) granting a pension to
Joseph Montgomery ;
A bill (H. II. No. 895) granting a pension to
Hannah Gray;
A bill (H. 11. No. 896) to enable William
Sellers and Coleman Sellers to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patents for the
extension of letters patent for an improvement
in coupling for shafting; and
A bill (H. R. 897) for the relief of Ira Buck-
man, jr.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for printing five thou-
sand five hundred copies of Professor F. B.
Hayden's preparatory report to the Secretary
of the Interior of the United States geological
survey for the year 1870, and a resolution lor
printing one thousand copies of the final report
of the Umed States geological survey of Ne-
braska ; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the resolution of the
Senate for printing two thousand five hundred
additional copies of the last report of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue for the use of
the Commissioner.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the resolutions of the Senate
of thanks for and acceptation of the memorial
statue of Roger Williams to the people of the
United States from the Slate of Rhode Island.
ENltOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution; which
\vere thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (EL. 11. No. 484) making an aupro-
priaiion to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for the expenses of the joint select
Committee on Alleged Outrages in the South-
ern States ; and
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 5G) donating
certain condemned cannon for a soldiers' monu-
ment.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a joint
resolution of the. General Assembly of the State
of Virginia, in favor ot' the removal of political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States ;
which was ordered tu l.e on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Samuel Wyllys Pomeroy, for himself and the
co-heirs Caroline Pomeroyand Charles Pome-
roy, and the memorial of the heirs of Francis
A. Dabney, decease), praying indemnity lor
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of John A.
Adams and Mary Ann Lyons- praying indent
mt.y for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801 ; which was relerrcd to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, late soldiers in the Army of the United
States, praying to be.allowed to enter the lands
granted by Congress without the requirement
of settlement and cultivation, and alsoa bounty
of eight dollars a month to honorably dis-
charged soldiers, (or the term of their actual
service ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. I present a petition signed
by a large number of citizens of Rochester,
New York, asking for the reduction of the
tariff to a revenue basis, and especially for the
removal of the duties on salt, coal, and pig
iron. This petition is headed by Hon. Henry
R. Selden, and is about twenty-one feet long,
bearing, I believe, eleven or twelve hundred
signatures. I move that it, be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present a memorial
of a large number of women of Albany, New
York. I have not connted the number of
names signed to it, but should think it must
be over a thousand, and among them I recog-
nize the names of many highly respectable
ladies with whom I had acquaintance while
I resided in Albany; and [ have no doubt ail
the signers are highly respectable. These
memorialists protest against any legislation
for the extension of suffrage to women. I
move that their memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.-HAMLIN. I have received and been
requested to present to the Senate the memo-
rial of Dr. Charles T. Jackson, of Massachu-
setts, who remonstrates respectfully against
any exclusive appropriation by Congress to
the heirs of Dr. Morton, for the reason that
such an appropriation would be in derogation
of the established rights of the memorialist.
He presents, also, in connection therewith, a
memorial, in which the facts with relation to
the controversy growing out of the discovery
of the application of ether are more fully set
forth, being a copy of a memorial submitted
to Congress by the same memorialist in 1864.
I move that these papers be referred to tlie
Committee oil Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I present
a number of petitions similar in prayer to the
petitions presented the other day by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] asking
generally for a reduction of the tariff to a rev-
enue basis, and especially for the repeal of
the duties on salt and pig iron. These peti-
tions are from Hampden county, Massachu-
setts; Windham county, Vermont; Washington
county, Rhode Island—that is a large peti-
tion—and from Rockingham, New Hampshire,
which is also a large petition. I move then-
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Frank Vorrin and twelve others, of Owensboro,
Kentucky, asking the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; also a similar petition
from Uedmon Fauset and one hundred and
fifty-five others, of Carlisle. Cumberland couuty,
Pennsylvania ; also a similar petition from
Joseph Adams and thirteen others, of Duane
countv, Florida: also, a similar petition from
lilias S. llay and seventy-four others, of New-
ark. Now Jersey ; also, a similar petition from
J. Wab'on ILuris and others, of New Jersey ;
also a similar petition from James Henry and
one hundred and fifteen others, of Franklin,
Pennsylvania ; also, a similar petition from
Philip Joseph, John Harris, and some three
hundred others, of Mobile, Alabama; also, a
similar petition from James V/. P. Miles and
two hundred and twenty-live others, of Hills-
boro, North Carolina, also, a umilar petition
from the speaker and a large number of the
members of the Assembly of the Florida Legis-
lature; also a similar petition from a large
number of colored citizens in Alabama; also,
a petition with the same prayer, but different iu
terms, from the colored women of Washington,
in which they set forth, and I think justly, that
their grievances contain the essence of slavery.
I move that all these petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I present various petitions
signed by citizens of Missouri, South Carolina.,
Maryland, Kansas, North Carolina, and Geor-
gia, praying that Congress will devise measures
to reduce the tariff to a strictly revenue basis,
and petitioning for the immediate repeal of
duties on coal, salt, and pig iron. I move the
reference of these petitions to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petitiou of
Charles W. Adams, of New York, praying
to be compensated for losses sustained by
the seizure of the brig Seylla, at Brazos
Santiago, Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Erneric
Szabad, late captain and brevet colonel in the
volunteer forces during the late war, praying
for additional pay as an officer of the Army
from March 1, 1862, to the date he was mus-
tered into the service; which ivas referred to
the Committee on Military AlFairs.
He also presented the petition of Daniel
Wells, praying additional pay for service ren-
dered as a soldier in the year 1847; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of the rep-
resentatives of the Pennsylvania State Equal
Rights League, praying the passage of the
supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie ou the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Mrs. Fannie E. Leet Williams, of Indiana, in
favor of the payment of what are known as
the French spoliation claims; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the petition of
Charles F. Sampson, Colin C. Baker, Alfred W
Fisk, and others, owners of the schooner Ada
A. Andrews, representing that this schooner
was within about fifteen miles from Cape Cod
in a fog, and was run down by the United
States steamship Ticonderoga. They allege
that the loss of this schooner and the other
losses involved in it did not result from any
fault or negligence of the master or crew, who
could not in any way avoid the collision, but
that the loss justly ought to be attributed
to the imprudence and negligence of persons
on the Ticonderoga, and they therefore pray
redress from Congress. I move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I also present a petition
signed by D. S. Babcock, president of the
Stonmgi on Steamship Company, and by a
large number of others, owners, masters, and
pilots of steam and sailing vessels navigating
Long Island sound, representing that the only
light which has been maintained at Hart
Island has been maintained at private cost;
which being unreliable, and not under any
responsible authority, is unsafe and of bad
precedent and example. They pray that a
light at this place (which every person who is
in (he habit of navigating the sound knows to
be a very important point) be maintained by
the Government. I move that this petition be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present thirty-two peti-
tions from, I believe, as many different, towns
in the State of Vermont, and signed quite
numerously by citizens of those towns, pray-
ing for the repeal of the duty on salt. I
move their reference to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS also presented the petition
of Mary Armstrong, of Vermont, praying to
be allowed a pension, which was referred to
the Committee ou Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Charles
W. Bradburg, of Vergennes, Vermont, heir
of Francis Bradburg, deceased, praying in-
demnification for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented the memorial of S. H.
Richards and others, merchants, of Middle-
bury, Vermont, heirs of Daniel Hensbaw, de-
ceased, praying indemnification for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petition of Jane Dan-
forth, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was ret'erred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Joseph D.
