3066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] He gave an exceedingly interesting
and, 1 believe, so far as I know, quite an ac-
curate history of what may be termed the rise
and fall of the American ship-building inter-
est ; butit seemed to me that heomitted, toward
the close of his remaiks, the chief feature
which to-day controls the question, and that
is the great, fundamental change in ship-
building, arising from the change of material.
The era of iron ships has come ; it has been
here for some ten years or more. The era of
■wooden ships, for the general uses of com-
merce, may be considered a thing of the past.
Therefore, when that honorable Senator gave
his exceedingly intelligent and accurate de-
scription of the decay and the neglect of the
ship-building interest in America, he omitted
the most important feature, which is the great
change, the revolution brought about by the
change of material to iron-ship building.
It so happens that the community repre-
sented by me in part on this floor is deeply
interested in the building of iron ships,#has
been successfully employed, so far as the
excessive burdens of our tariff would permit,
in the building of iron ships,'and I should
like to ask the Senator from Maine to give us
further his views, not in respect to the effect
of the admission duty free of ships of wood
ready-built from other parts, but whether he
would conceive it to be an admissible propo-
sition in the present condition of the Ameri-
can manufacture of iron-built ships that ready-
built iron ships should be admitted free of duty.
It is perfectly well known to the country
that in intelligent, scientific, labor-saving ma-
chinery we are to-day, even in our iron ship-
building yards, in advance of the rest of the
world; that despite the onerous conditions
and burdens of our tariff there stands between
us and the skilled manufacturers of Great
Britain but about seventeen to twenty per cent,
in favor of them and against us in the increased
cost of our material owing to tariff duties.
I am exceedingly anxious to have the prob-
lem solved, how the lost prestige of America
can be regained; how we can, as I think it is
due to the ingenuity and skill of our workmen,
regain the first place in this race for the
world's commerce. As that is a question
which I am anxious to see solved in favor of
America, and anything tending to a favorable
solution of it would lead me to favor such a
measure, I should like to ask the honorable
Senator from Maine whether in his view of
the future of American ship-building be con-
siders that iron or wood is to be the material
of which ships are chiefly to be constructed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have just one
answer, and in a single phrase, as to allowing
foreign ships to return under our flag, and that
is, never. That is not a new question with
me. We had it here early after the war.
There are many reasons, which I have not
time to state now, why that should not be so.
The uniform policy of this Government has
been, and it is the policy of all Governments,
and their necessity, a policy growing out of
that necessity, if they intend to build up a
merchant marine, to build it by constructing
their own ships and to a great extent sailing
their own ships. That answers that point.
Now, as to the problem of iron ships dis-
placing wooden ships, I do not believe it is
to be done. To a very great extent, undoubt-
edly, it is true that iron ships are to enter into
the navigating interests of the world. Eng-
land has pressed this question of iron ships
beyond the proper limits. England has a sin-
gle material out of which to make ships, and
she makes the most of all her materials in
whatever direction she goes. She has been
trying to convert the world to the idea that
nothing but iron ships would do; all else
must go under. It is not so.
There is no time for argument on this point,
but two or three facts will suffice. During all
this experiment of England, when the world
was gaping and willing to swallow anything in
that direction, and the belief was becoming
very general that iron ships were to take the
place of wooden ships, down in the State of
Maine, despite all the embarrassing circum-
stances under which we have labored, we have
constantly built one class of vessels and sent
them abroad ; sent them to England and sold
them in Liverpool for the East India market.
That is a class of ships they cannot build in
England. They have not the material. They
have not the pine, nor have they the oak.
Those we build and sell in England. They go
into the East India trade.
Mr. SHERMAN. What size are they?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A large size,
two thousand, two thousand five hundred, or
three thousand tons.
Mr. COLE. Do you build them now ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir, we
build them now. I know this to be a fact,
and that fact tells on this point. What use
do they make of them ? Why do they want
them ?" We sell them to the very country that
is telling the world that iron ships are to dis-
place wooden ships. The reason for that is
this: they want those ships for the East
India trade. Will not a two thousand ton
ship from the Clyde, of iron, do? No, and
for two reasons: first, because the barnacles
accumulate rapidly on iron ships in those low
latitudes ; and, in the second place, they can-
not preserve the cargo in an iron hull; it
sweats the cargo, and for that reason they
pay a big price for this manufacture of ship.
Mr. BAYARD. Steam or sailing vessels?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A sailing ves-
sel ; but of course the same principle applies
to steam vessels.
I will state one other fact of a general char-
acter and that will answer, for there is no time
to argue this question. While England has
been talking about supplanting wooden ships
all over the world, steadily within the last two
years the wooden sailing vessels have been
increasing, and the navigating lists in Eng-
land and this country show that fact. They
have gone upon the ground that they would
supplant all the ship-building interests all over
the world by their iron steamships, while the
records of the navigating interests for the last
two years show" that steadily in the face of that
the sailing vessels and wooden ships have been
gaining gronnd.
I think these two facts answer my honorable
friend, and it seems to me they are facts tend-
ing very strongly to satisfy us that if we can
have now by act of Congress what is proposed
by the Committee on Commerce, cheap mate-
rial, or, if Congress cannot afford to do that,
and in the course of events a condition of
things shall be brought about as favorable to
the manufacture of ships as existed before the
war, then you will find growing out of the
inherent energy and forcc of this people, and
out of the great fact which cannot be over-
looked that we have got all the materials for
iron and wooden vessels, we will beat the
world when that time comes. Congress can
hasten it, and they ought to do so. While we
have been talking here, my honorable friend
[Mr. Scott] has been kind enough to put into
my hand a paper which shows that while we
are hesitating whether we can do these things
there are men actually asking for contracts to
build iron ships at something like ten per
cent, more than they are building them for in
England.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not rise to make a
speech at this time, but I wish to answer very
briefly the question suggested by the Senator
from Ohio, why it became necessary in the
opinion of the committee to give treble pay
for double service. The committee do not
understand that the company are getting any
such pay for double service, The existing
contract of the company for carrying this
mail is $150,000 from this Government, on
condition that Brazil pays $150,000, so that
during the existence of the present contract
they would receive that sum. Succeeding
that, however, unless the Government pays
the amount of $800,000 after the expiration
of the present contract they will not receive
the amount they do now.
I do not desire to speak on this subject
now, but I do wish to appeal to the Senate to
come to a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the substitute offered by the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. STOCKTON. I propose to say simply
a word with reference to a remark that fell
from the Senator from Maine. I have no doubt
he is right in saying that wooden ships in this
country will continue to be valuabe for some
time; but he will admit, and no man can deny,
that in the main portions of the commerce of
the world the iron ships are fast taking their
place, and if for no other reason, because they
are so much more durable, making the ves-
sels so much better. I have hastily looked
over the amendment which he has offered, and
it seems to me that it only embraces those arti-
cles which go to build a wooden ship.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is designed
to embrace others—-all ships.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am very glad to hear
that it is so designed, but I think it probably
needs some little alteration to make it clear.
L.et me say to the Senator that it has come
under my observation—perhaps I had better
not say how, for we ought not to allude to
what happens in committee unless it comes
formally before the Senate—that just what he
said he hoped would be true is to-day true.
We can build in America to-day, in spite of
the tariff, iron ships as cheap and cheaper
than they can build them on the Clyde. Amer-
ican industry and energy can accomplish that
to-day.
I am in favor of and shall most cheerfully
support the Senator's amendment if it covers,
as he intends it to cover, the articles used in
the manufacture of iron ships. Sir, this great
problem that the Committee on Commerce
have been talking so much about trying to
solve can be solved by American energy and
American industry to-day, and those ships can
be built here in spite of the tariff. Adopt this
amendment, modifying it so that it shall, if it
does not now, cover the withdrawal of the duty
on the iron used in the manufacture of iron
vessels, and it will not be two years from the
time that is done before our commerce and
our shipping interests will be in a position
quite as good as they were before the war.
By the inventions of the American mind, by
the condensation of great capital, by getting
rid of long lines of transportation and ap-
proaching close to the iron hills and coal
mines, by uniting all the cheapness of moving
large material that can be united, it is prac-
ticable to-day to build iron vessels here as
cheap as on the Clyde. Therefore I know
of no measure that is more important that has
ever been brought before the American Con-
gress in reference to the ship-building inter-
est than the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, if it is made, as he says he intends it to
he, to embrace the removal of the duties on
iron entering into the construction of vessels.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 4, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m., Mr.
Rusk in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when,
Mr. BECK asked unanimous consent that
