127a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
settled but for her railways. As an original
question, I do not know that I would be in
favor of subsidizing railroads. I have gen-
erally voted against such grants. But I think
v?ith my colleague [Mr. Hazbltoit] that this
is an exceptional case. These lands were
granted to the State of Wisconsin during hard
times for the purpose of securing the building
of this road; but we were unable to get cap-
italists to engage in the enterprise on account
of the hard times and the war. Within the
time proposed to be allowed by this bill cap-
ital can be obtained for the completion of the
road, which will be a line extending from.
Madison to St. Croix, and from St. Croix to
Lake Superior, a distance of four hundred and
twenty miles. It is a matter of the greatest
importance to Wisconsin, and I trust the House
will not fail to pass the bill.
Mr. WIIITTHORNE. Will my friend from
.Wisconsin [Mr. Bi-dredge] allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Certainly.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. If I heard the gen-
tleman correctly, 1 understood him to say that
on this grant to the St. Croix road the settlers
going into that country could obtain the laud
at $2 50 per acre, whereas the great body of
this same land will be absorbed by the Northern
Pacific railroad, a largo corporation, and the
settlers will be at the mercy of that corporation.
Mr. ELDREDGE. That is precisely what I
did say. The gentleman understood me cor-
rectly. That is as 1 understand it now. In
addition to this a large population has gone m
and settled along the line of the proposed road,
having purchased the sections which were re-
served in the grants to the State at $2 50 per
acre, with the expectation that this road was
to be built. Some two hundred thousand acres
of land have been purchased, as 1 aru informed,
by actual settlers, in the belief and upon the
faith that this road was to be built, and that
their land would be thereby enhanced in value,
as railroads do enhance lands in value in their
vicinity.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.dkudoe] whether this
will not work a double grant of land upon
this ground, that, the Northern Pacific rail-
road will bo authorized to go outside of its
ordinary limits to make up deficiencies?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think the gentleman
is mistaken in .his supposition. The North-
ern Pacific company, as I understand it, had
the right to go outside to an extent of eighty
miles, forty on each side, and make up its
quota of such lands as were not ceded to other
companies, or were not reserved. These lands
had been reserved, and if the reservation shall
be taken away, then the Northern Pacific com-
pany can take them without limitation of price,
and sell them without any of the restrictions
which are put upon the sale by this bill to
protect and in the interest of settlers.
Mr. SHANKS. That will bring the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company within the lim-
its of the original grant, while we, acting on
this bill, revive the lapsed grant, and there-
fore make it equivalent to a double grant.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldbedge] tell
the House whether the Northern Pacific com-
pany have not already located all the lands
they are authorized to locate?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Not at all. The letter
which has just been read from the Seci-etary
of the Interior, or Land Commissioner, shows
they have made no such selection as would
entitle them to the particular lands. They
have filed a general selection, but they are
required under the law to file a specific and
particular selection ; and they are waiting until
these lands shall be released from the reserva-
tion, in order that they may then make their
location.
I now yield a moment to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I propose to vote for this bill,
and I shall do so, among other reasons, because
in 1868 I voted with all the Democrats on this
floor who voted except six, as will be seen by
referring to the record in the Globe for July,
1868, to extend the time of the Northern
Pacific railroad exactly upon the same terms
that are now asked for here, or rather on
terms much more favorable than those now
asked. At the time that extension was granted
to the Northern Pacific company they were
allowed to hold all the lands they obtained by
that grant without being required to sell them
to actual settlers at all. And if they'get these
lands now, as they will get them, without any
of the limitations imposed by this bill as to
sales to actual settlers, the letters of the Secre-
tary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
the Land Office show the Northern Pacific
railroad will get them, or a large majority of
them, and when they do, they will be allowed
to withhold them from the public as long as
they please, and no actual settler can enter
them till the company see fit to sell them.
It is a choice therefore between this bill
giving the company the right to finish the bal-
ance of the road, or transferring the bulk of
the lands to the Northern Pacific railroad.
The extension of time was granted to the
Northern Pacific company in 1868 by a vote
of 9G to 33, and all the Democrats voting in
the House with the exception of six voted for
it. I understand the Northern Pacific com-
pany are entitled to get twenty-seven million
acres, which is enough in all conscience with-
out adding more to its already overgrown land
grant.
Mr, HOLMAN. Will the Northern Pacific
railroad get an acre of land less by the pas-
sage of this bill?
Mr. BECK. Yes.
Mr. HOLM AN. How?
Mr. BECK. Because they are only allowed
to extend their line forty miles on each side,
and whatever is taken by this road is withheld
from them wherever the one interferes with
the other.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The act of 186-1 especially
provided that if the road was not completed
within ten years the land should reveit to the
United Slates. Not a mile of the road was
completed within that time; so that every
acre of the land granted to this road had
reverted to the United States by the very
terms of the grant.
Mr. BLDREDGE. If the gentleman had
paid attention to me he would have seen that
the lands during all of this period had been
reserved from sale, and therefore during this
period the Northern Pacific railroad could not
enter them.
Mr. HOLMAN. They could not be reserved.
The language of the law is that they revert to
the United States, and they did so revert.
Mr. ELDREDGE. As the gentleman says
the lands reverted to the United States by the
lapse of time; that is very true. But the North-
ern Pacific railroad cannot enter them, because
they were reserved lands, reserved by the
proper authorities, and so reserved that the
Northern Pacific railroad cannot take them till
they are again in market. One word further;
this bill simply presents the question whether
two hundred and twenty miles of new road shall
be built under this grant, or whether the lands
shall be gobbled up by one of the most gigantic
corporations there is in this or any other coun-
try, and not one single mile of railroad added
to the railroads of the country.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Had not these lands
reverted to the Government?
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the gentleman had
paid attention to me he would have heard me
say more than once that they had reverted, by
the failure in building all the road, to the Gov-
ernment, but that the Northern Pacific rail-
road, notwithstanding, could not take them
under its grant, because they had not been
relieved from the reservation made for the
purposes of the St. Croix grant.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then this is a new
grant.
Mr. BLDREDGE. No, sir. There was a
grant in 1856, and one in 1864, of these lands,
and this is simply a renewal of the grant; and
the question is whether the lands be made to
build, two hundred and twenty miles of rail-
road, or whether they shall go to another cor-
poration, which will not build an additional
mile, one mile more than it will without them.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. How much land
has been purchased upon the line of the pro-
posed road ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Two hundred thousand
acres, as I am informed.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. At what price?
Mr. ELDREDGE. At $2 50 an acre; they
purchased of the sections not reserved on ac-
count of the grant by the Government, and
the moneys paid by these purchasers for their
lands is now in the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman state
whether these lands were purchased by specu-
lators in anticipation of the passage of this
bill?
Mr. ELDREDGE. No, sir, they were pur-
chased by actual settlers, men seeking home-
steads, whose interests the gentleman pretends
to advocate as a specialty. This is simply a
renewal of the grant of 1856 and 1864, and to
add two hnndred and twenty miles of railroad
to the railroads of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. RUSK. I must now resume the floor.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. RUSK. I yield to the gentleman for
five minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I remember
very well when the charter was originally
granted to this road. It was then on the ex-
treme of settlement on the north, and there
was then scarcely any probability of a road
being completed in that quarter. The com-
mercial revulsion of 1857 and the war of 1861
made it impossible to complete it, if otherwise
it had been in the power of the people of Wis-
consin. By great exertion, however, they
have in part accomplished the work. Two
hundred miles are now in running order, and
at their own risk. Knowing very well that by
limitation of time merely their grant might be
forfeited, they have constructed twenty miles
of the second section. They have done every-
thing in their power to complete the work,
and are entitled on that, account to the favor-
able consideration of the Government.
This road is a purely local road. It con-
nects southern and central Wisconsin with
Lake Supeiior. it is therefore of paramount
and vital importance to that State. There is
scarcely any road of the same length in auv
part of the United States more important to
the people of a State than is this road to the
people of Wisconsin. They have built two
hundred miles of it, and have entered upon
the construction of the second section. They
have settled ihore or less the country on its
line. They have established farms, constructed
buildings, built fences, cultivated the land, and
by other industries made it valuable. They
have done all these things for the purpose of
preserving the grant and completing a road
which is so necessary to the State. Sir, if
upon the mere question of time we deny to the
State the right to construct this road and con-
nect its trade with the great northern lakes,
we inflict upon its people an irreparable injury.
We do not save the lands included in this
grant to the General Government, because, as
has been stated by an officer of the depart-
ment of public lands, the bulk of the lands
will go to the Northern Pacific railroad, which
assuredly has laud enough without going eighty
miles into the heart of Wisconsin to take lands
that have been made valuable by the enterprise
of the people of that State.
Gentlemen say that if the Northern Pacific
railroad is not allowed to take land in the
