880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
entitled "An act to authorize protection to
be given to citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of guano," approved
August 18, 1856, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed fifty-five hundred copies of Professor F. B.
Hayden's preparatory report to the Secretary of the
Interior of the United States geological survey for
the year 1870, thirty-five hundred copies of which
shall be for the use of the House of Representatives,
fifteen hundred copies for the use of the Senate, and
five hundred copies for distribution by the Smith-
sonian Institution.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY-OF NEBRASKA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed and bound, with plates and maps, one thou-
sand copies of the final report of the United States
geological survey of Nebraska, five hundred copies
of which shall be for the use of the Secretary of the
Interior, and Ave hundred copies for distribution by
the Smithsonian Institution.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered,.That the petition o.nd papers of William
M. Kimball be taken from thelites of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Military Affaiis.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Robert
B. Brown, of Iowa, be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of II. W.
Lovo be taken from the files of the Senato and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the lega! heirs of Eli Moore, de-
ceased, have leave to withdraw their petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. Ii. No. 1) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 75) to promote the construction of the
Cincinnati and Southern railway, reported it
without amendment
Mr. 1RUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom wai referred the bill
(S.^No. 853) to restore the records of the
United States courts in the northern district
of Illinois, reported it, with amendments.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom wa.s referred the bill (S.
No. 251) to amend an act entitled. " An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed,
a post road, and lor other purposes,'' approved
March 2, 18G8, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bid (H.
R-'No. 213) to authorize the issuing of a cer-
tificate of registry to the brig Michael and
Ann, reported it- without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 284) to establish
a port of entry at Duluth, in the State of Min-
nesota, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Gommitteeon Commerce, towhom was referred
the hill (H. R. No, 330) to issue ati American
register to the brig A. L, Palmer, to report
it without amendment; and if there be no
objection, I should like to have it put upon its
passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over. I believe I have heard of that case
before.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury recommending it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont, however, objects. Any Sen-
ator can object at any stage, and if he persists
in his objection the bill must go over. The
letter will be ordered to be printed with the
bill if the Senator wishes it.
Mr. CORBETT. Very well; let it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
CHARGES AGAINST SENATOR CLAYTON.
Mr. WRIGHT. The select committee ap-
pointed to investigate charges against the
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Clayton] have
instructed me to report the following resolution,
and to ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the committee appointed under
the resn/ution of the Senate of the 9th instant,
to investigate the charges against Hon. Powell
Clayton, have power to employ a clerk; and that
there is hereby appropriated, out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, the sum of $2,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to defray the expenses
of said investigation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the thirty-
fourth rule it is provided that there shall be
a " committee to audit and control contingent
expenses of the Senate, to consist of three Sen
ators,_to which shall be referred all resolutions
directing the payment of money out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate or creating a charge
on the same." This, however, can be waived
by unanimous consentand the Senate acton the
resolution at this time. The Chair has read
the rule to the Senate, and if there be no ob-
jection the resolution will be regarded as hav-
ing been read twice ; and it is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, open
to debate on amendment. As it appropriates
money out of the contingent fund, it must
go through the same forms as a bill. If no
amendment be proposed, the resolution will
be reported to the Senate.
The resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to_ be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
ISSUE or CLOTHING.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 449) authorizing the issue of
clothing to certain enlisted men of company
B, fourteenth regiment of infantry, to report
it back without amendment; and I ask, that it
be put upon its passage.
By un.animousconsent, theSenate, asinCom-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It authorizes the Secretary of War to
issue clothing in lieu of and equal in value to
that lost by those enlisted men of company B
of the fourteenth regiment of infantry, whose
quarters in the barracks at Fort D. A. Russell,
Wyoming Territory, were destroyed by fire on
the morning of the 6th of February, 1871.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed forathird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHANGE 01' REFERENCE.
Mr. MORTON. Senate bill No 291, for
the relief of the officers and crew of the United
States ship Wyoming was, by mistake referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I
move to discharge that committee from the
further consideration of the bill, and that it be
referred tothe Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
461) for the relief of the Memphis and Little
Rock Railroad Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMONDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 462) to amend section thirty of the judiciary
act, approved September 25, 1789 ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 403) to enable the President to appoint
a Paymaster General of the Army; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
464) to change the times for holding the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
western district of Virginia; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
465) allowing outfit and yearly allowance
of clothing to the petty officers, seamen,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, musicians, boys,
machinists, firemen, and coal-heavers of the
Navy ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SCOTT. I introduce this bill at the
request of others, without committing myself
to it. I move its reference to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 46G) donating certain property in St.
Augustine, Florida, to the State for educa-
tional purposes ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
467) to provide for the erection of a building
suitable for the use of the United States courts,
post office, and other necessary Government
offiecs at Raleigh, North Carolina; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. THURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 468) to regulate criminal practice in the
Federal courts; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 469)
to define the rights of settlers upon the public
lands of_the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
AFFAIRS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr, BLAIR. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the Committee on Alleged
Outrages in the Southern States be instructed to
inquiro without delay into the condition of affairs
in the btate of Louisiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a con-
current resolution, and the Senator from Mis-
souri asks for its present consideration. Un-
less objected to, it is before the Senate.
_Mr. EDMUNDS. I was requested by my
friend, the Senator^ from Louisiana, [Mr.
vvest,] who was obliged to go to the other end
of the Capitol this morning, to ask that any-
thing relating to Louisiana affairs might go
over. I therefore in his name ask that the
resolution lie over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
\ ermont objects at the request of the Senator
from Louisiana, not now in the Chamber. The
resolution will lie over.
M1LH0 SAC RESERVATION.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
be, and they arc hereby, instructed to inquiro as to
what legislation is necessary and proper, if any, to
