1872.
THE C0NGK1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
1277
heart of Wisconsin they may go somewhere
else. Verywell; let them go somewhere else;
let them take lands, as it was intended by the
Government they should take them, upon the
line of their road. But it would be abso-
lute and gross injustice to allow them to go
into the State of Wisconsin and take lands
that have been made valuable by the people
of that State, in order that they may carry
out their enterprise in a distant part of the
country.
If there was ever a case where there was
absolute justice on the part of the petitioners,
it is presented in this bill. If this question
was now presented to Congress, with all the
prejudice against land grants, it is so strong
in its merits, and its claim for consideration
is so just, it would be sanctioned by them even
if it were a new proposition altogether. But
it is not a new proposition. They have shown
that they have done everything they could,
from the time this grant was made, to make
it available. They ask now only an extension
of five years to complete their road, and under
the circumstances we know perfectly well they
will fulfill their promise.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. BKIGHT. Has there ever been either
a judicial or a legislative forfeiture of the char-
ter to build this road ?
Mr. BANKS. I understand not. But it
will be forfeited by limitation of time if this
bill is not passed by Congress.
Mr. BRIGHT. There has been no legisla-
tive act declaring a forfeiture ?
Mr. BANKS. Not at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. And there has been no judi-
cial decision declaring a forfeiture ?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir.
Mr. BllIGHT. Does the gentleman under-
stand as a legal proposition that a forfeiture
does not enforce itself?
Mr. BANKS. By limitation of time the
land reverts to the Government of the United
States, and then it will go to the Northern
Pacific railroad. Strictly speaking, I suppose
it requires an act of Congress or a judicial
decision to render the forleiture complete, so
that under the charter of the Northern Pacific
railroad the lands may revert to that company.
There has been yet no ground of forfeiture by
which the people of Wisconsin can be deprived
of their rights under their chaiter. But the
limitation of time will make it impossible for
them to complete the road after its expiration.
That is an additional reason for the extension
of time they ask. There ia a still stronger
reason. Under the limitation of the price of
the lands on the line of this road two hun-
dred thousand acres have been purchased, I
am informed, at $2 -50 per acre, and if the
road is not completed these purchasers and
settlers will have an equitable claim againstthe
Treasury for the amount paid above the estab-
lished price of public lands.
Mr. HUSK. 1 now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman not to
undertake to drive this bill through under the
previous question.
Mr. HAY. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded, but that time will be
allowed far the consideration of this bill.
Some new points have been made here in
favor of this bill, but they can probably be
answered, if time is allowed for discussion.
Mr. RUSK. I must decline to yield.
Mr. HAY. I protest against the previous
question, and hope it will be voted down.
Mr. IIOLMAN. If the previous question
is not seconded, will a motion theft be in order
to refer this bill to the Committee on the
Public Lands?
The SPEAKER,. Such a motion would then
be in order.
Mr. COX. Such a bill as this ought not, to
be put through under the previous question.
The question was on seconding the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that question I call
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sawxer and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 87, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, " Shall the main ques-
tion now be put?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this bill be
laid on the table; and on that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; there
being thirty-eight in the affirmative, more
than one fifth of the last vote.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 78, nays 99, not voting 63 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Biggs. Bingham, Bird,
Braxton, Buftinton, Roderick It. Butler. Campbell,
Coburn, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Oritcher, Crosshuid,
Dickey, Fmkelnburg, Forker, Henry I>. Foster, Gar-
rett, Getz, (iriliit.il, llaldeman, Hancock, Handley,
llarmer, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hereford, liibbard,
Hoiman, Kolley, Kerr, Ketcham, Kiliinger, King,
Lamison, Manson, McClelland, McNeely, Mercur,
Monroe, Niblaek, Packard, Packer, Prindle, Read,
John M. Rice, iOIIig H. Roberts, Shanks, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slocum, H. Boardinan Smith, John A.
Smith, it. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens,
Stevepson, Strong, Terry, Turner, Tyner. Upson,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Whiteley, Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John X. Wilson, and
Winchester—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Austin Blair, Boles,
Bright, George M. Biooks, James Brooks, Buckley,
Caldwell, Freeman Clarke, Connngo, Conger, Cotton,
Crocker. Darrall, Dawes, Donnan. DuBose, Duell,
Duke, Dunnell, Eames, lildredge, Farnsworth, Far-
well, Charles Foster, Frye, (to!la.day, Goodrich, Hale,
llalsey. Ranks, Harper, George E. Harris, John T.
Harris, Havens, Worry W. Hazelton, llerndon, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kendall, Lamport, Leaoh,
Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, Mc-
Henry, McJunkm, Merriam, Mitchell, Oir, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry,
Peters. Piatt. Price, Raiuey, Husk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scoiield, Seeley, Sheldon. Slater, Sloss; Snapp, Sny-
der, Stoughton, Sutherland, Taife, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend,Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Tvvichell,
Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, AValden, Waldron,
Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Williams
of New York, and Young—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. J amesG. Blair, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Carroll. William T.
Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Creeiy, Davis, DeLarge, Box,
JSUiott, Ely, Wilder D. Fostor, Garfield, llamble-
ton, John W. Ha'/.elton, Kelloga, Kinsella, Lansing,
Lewis, McCrary, McGrew, Mclntyre, McKee, Mc-
Kinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore,
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
llosea, W. Parker. Pendleton. Perce, Poland. Por-
ter, Potter, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sessions, Shellabarger, Shober, Worthlngton C.
Smith, Sprague, Starkweather. Storm, Stowell,
St. John, Swann, Sypher, Walls, Wells, Willard,
and Wood—03.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent to
propose an amendment, adding to the last sec-
tion the following:
Provided, however. That this grant shall bo con-
strued to apply to such lands only as would inure to
the benefit of the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany if this act had not been passed.
Several Membrrs. Oh, no.
Mr. PETERS. The adoption of that amend-
ment would require the bill to be sent back to
the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I cannot consent to allow the
amendment to be offered, for the reason that its
adoption would necessitate sending the bill
back to the Senate, thus delaying its passage.
Within two weeks the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, which must take action upon this grant,
will adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that an hour's debate be allowed on the bill.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
Mr. COX. Then I move that the House
adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes4G, noes 83.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 126, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Barnum. Beatty, Biggs, James 0. Blair, James
Brooks, Campbell, Connor, Cox, Crehs, Crossland,
Dickey, Duke, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Hambleton,
Hanks, IIay, Hays, Hcnidon, Hibbard, Hoiman,
Kiliinger, king, Lamison, Lewis, Manson, May-
nard, McClelland, McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroe, Morgan, Negley, Potter, Read, John M.
Rioe, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Stevenson, Strong,
Swann, Tyner, Upson. Van Tramp. Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M- Wilson, John T.Wilson, and
Winchester—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Aroher, Averiil, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham,
Bird. Austin Blair, Boles, Bright, George fif.
Brooks Buckley, Bumnton, Caldwell, Carroll, Wil-
liam T. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn Comingo, Conger,
Cotton, Critchor, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan,
Du Bose, Duell, Dunnoll, Fames, Eldredgc, Far-
well, Fmkelnburg, Frye, Garfield, Getz, Golladay,
Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeinan, Hale, Halscy, Hand-
ley, llarmer, Harper, George K Harris John T.
Harris, Havens, Ilawley, Gcrsy W. Hazelton, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kolley, Kellogg, Kerr, Lam-
port, Leach,Lynch, McCormick, McCrary, MeQrew,
Mcllcnry, McJunkm, Mercur, Mcrriaip, Mitchell,
N'iblack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C, Parker,
Peek, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F, Perry, Peters,
Piatt, ltainey, Edward Y. Itico, Ellis H. Roberts,
"William 11. Roberts, Rusk. Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, 1J. Boardman Smith. Snapp,
Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer. Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stoughton, Taffe, Terry,
Washington Townsend. Turner, Tuthill, Tvjichell,
Voorhees, Waddeil, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Willard, Williams ofNew York, and Young—126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bell, Braxton, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Freeman Clarke, Coghlan, Creeiy, Dayis, DeLarge,
Dox, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Forker, Charles Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Hancock, John W. Hazel-
ton, Heieford, Hill, Kendall, Ketcham, Kinsella,
Lansing, Lowe, Marshall, Mclntyre, McKee, Mc-
Ivinney, Merrick, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Palmer, llosea AY. Parker, Eli Perry,
Poland, Porter, Price, Prindle, Randall, Ritchie,
Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sessions, John A,
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Storm, Stowell,
St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Thomas, I)wight
Townsend, Vaughan, Walls, Wells, and Wood—62.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNER. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of tfee Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of
resuming the consideration of the deficiency
bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not ip
order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I ask unani-
mous consent that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole,
Several Members objected.
Mr. HOLMAN, Is it not in order to move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole lor the consideration of the
public business ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the rule which applies to this case.
The Clerk read as follows:
"After the previous question has been seconded
upon a pending pioposition, it is not then in order
to entertain the motion to go into Committee of the
AVhole."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve that the Chair is prohibited from enter'
tabling the motion. The previous question
having been seconded, the question now is,
"Shall the main question be now put?'1
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 believe the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] asks unanimous
consent that the public business shall be at-
tended to in preference to this private job.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
On ordering the main question there were—
ayes 91, noes 56.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question; but
before the question is taken I wish to make
a parliamentary inquiry. Should the House
refuse to order the main question, will not
the bill be then open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the main question
should uot be ordered, the seconding of the
previous question will of course la.ll.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire an opportunity to
amend the bill in the manner 1 have proposed.
I call for the yeas and nays on ordering the
main question.
