;1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8069
j. > nd clandestinely expended remains buried in
5 '.the sibylline books, an occasional leaf from
? which startles the drowsy unconsciousness of
^.the public mind. And what bounds shall be set
i 'to the unknown profligacy of a Government
i which, insensible to the voice of duty, under
; "-the screw of a resolution of the Hcruse, then,
: and only then, without a blush discloses the
; fact that public property had been actually
.sold and the proceeds thereof actually ex-
■ .pended by it to the amount of $105,681,608 98
in excess of appropriations and expenditures
authorized by law?
Such figures as are in the familiar use of the
, party in power have heretofore alwaysbeen laid
up in the upper firmament of purely specula
tive problems. They are now taken down and
brought into ordinary service in an ineffectual
effort to comply with the anxious demand of
the country for some approximate measure-
ment of the stupendous masses of the people's
treasure, which, during Radical rule, have been
-annually heaped up by the tax-gatherer, and
been by him carried off and poured into the
- unnatural and reeking sty of prostituted power.
Bat so unaccustomed is the popular mind to
sums of such magnitude, in their height and
depth, so vague, illusive, and transcendental
-to the common exercises of the popular un-
derstanding, the guilty authors and benefi-
ciaries of public and private rapacity and na-
tional grand larceny find therein not only a
-mask for their crimes, but the very means
wherewith further to practice them with inso-
lent impunity. We are easily deceived by
those in whom we confide. The infirmity is
in the heart, not in the understanding. But
there is an extremity of presumption upon
popular credulity which at length tears off the
mask and reveals the imposter. The popular
understanding is capable of everything that is
great. It is subliihe in its combinations, fear-
fol in its judgments. Its vitality kindled, its
energy roused, its vast sea of thought rolling
in one wave, impelled by one gale, may sweep
over the cockle-boat of a perfidious Adminis-
tration and leave not a wreck behind.
Some practical idea may be formed of the
-enormous waste of the people's substance by
"instituting a parallel between the expenses of
the Republican military service of the United
i States and the royal military service of Great
Britain. The known expenditures of the party
-in power from 1865 to 1871, a period of six
years of unbroken peace, under the head of
military service, reach the enormous sum of
$681,863,401 13. For the same period of
time the expenditures of Great Britain, upon
the royal military service were, counting five
•dollars to the pound, $432,364,735, or $249,-
499,756 13 less than those of the United Slates;
that is to say, the military establishment of
a Republican Government, founded in, and
existing only by, the consent of the governed,
absorbs of the people's substance in six years
$249,499,756 13 more than the hereditary
regal Government of Great Britain expends
upon its immense standing army.
In the year 1871 the Army of the United
States consisted of 30,000 enlisted men. In
that year the royal army of Great Britain was
composed of 135,037 men of all ranks. The
American Army of 30,000 men cost the people
$44,080,084 95, or at the rate of $1,469 3'3 for
each and every soldier; while the royal army
of Great Britain of 135,037 men, four and a
half times greater, cost that Government only
$64,825,000, or at the rate of $480 for each
and every soldier.
Our Army is well-nigh three times larger
than ever before in time of peace ; and mili-
tary expenditures have been carried to a fear-
ful extent. The policy of the country has
been changed by the Radical politicians, from a
small body of disciplined soldiers and scien-
tific officers, as a mere nucleus for the militia
. or great body of a free people qualified on
emergencies to mass and defend themselves,
instead thereof baa been insidiously estab-
lished among us a standing army on the plan
of arbitrary and hereditary governments, at an
expense to the people far in excess of that of
European armies. The object of this is very
manifest. By our system of government the
time-honored policy has been that the Army
was the instrument in the hands of the people.
The party in power have completely reversed
that policy, and under their rSgime the people
are the instrument in the hands of the Army.
The postulate of our fathers was that the mili-
tary were and should be continued subordinate
to the civil power. The practice of the domi-
nant party is, not only to maintain the suprem-
acy of the military over the civil power, but
moreover to subject every branch of civil buai
ness to the direction and supervision of mili-
tary laws and military men.
It is not my purpose upon this occasion to
follow the dominant party in its practical sub-
version of constitutional government. My
object is merely to set before the House and
the country a few homely but appalling illus-
trations of some of its financial enormities.
It is not the least of the many curious circum-
stances of our time that those enormities have
been originated and persistently practiced by
a party which has been in every stage of its
being, and still is, in a minority. It would
have been surprising if such public crimes had
been ventured by a party sustained by a major-
ity of the people, but it is simply wonderful
that a minority party could survive them one
hour.
The relation of cause and effect is fre-
quently mysterious, but in purely human
affairs is rarely, if ever, inexplicable. A
little reflection upon the malevolent power
of the sword and the purse in corrupt com-
bination speedily dissipates all idle wonder.
What may not be done by boundless force
and boundless revenue? The one crushes,
the other corrupts. The party in power at-
taining office by accident determined to retain
it by whatever means. It promptly grasped
the purse and the sword. It wrenched them
from their constitutional affinities. It fused
them into an overmastering engine of bru-
tality and extortion; and it represents noth-
ing so much as that monstrous thing which
is engendered of the revolting intercourse of
the purse and the sword upon the ruins of
constitutional government. It never acts but
by the one or the other. The Executive is
not a civil executive, he is a military execu-
tive ; bis orders are military orders ; his sev-
enty thousand subordinates, military subor-
dinates, his courts, courts-martial. In his
view States are military camps, and martial
law the restoration of friendly relations be-
tween the States. The legislative branch is
a huge committee of taxes, tariffs, subsidies,
bounties, appropriations, deficiency bills, and
land grants. Its exactions envelope the coun-
try like the atmosphere. Its tax-gatherers
are spies upon every man's business; its
revenue collectors receivers of every man's
earnings. The party in power is thus an
enforced partner in the proceeds of every
man's exertions. To that end was instituted
the iniquity called the system of the internal
revenue. But for the treasure obtained in that
way, its demise would long ago have appeared
in the obituary column.
Government is founded for the good of the
governed. Government subsists on revenue.
Therefore no more revenue should be taken
from the people than is necessary for the pub-
lic good. But the radical practices upon the
converse of that proposition. In his political
science, government is founded for the good
of the revenue. Revenue subsists by govern-
ment, therefore all the money should be taken
from the people which is necessary for the
good of the revenue. It was never so before.
This is the twin-self of radicalism, and they
have flourished and will fall together. Gen-
eral Washington came to the Presidency in
1789. Froia the commencement of his ad-
ministration down to 1829, when General
Jackson was inaugurated—a period, say, of
thirty-nine years, embracing six wars—the
total amount of internal revenue collected was
$2,577,093 29.
From the beginning to the ending of the two
administrations-of General Jackson, beginning
in 1829 and ending in 1837, a period of say
eight years, embracing one war, the total
amount of internal revenue collected was
$62,912 09.
From the commencement of Mr. Van Buren's
administration in 1837 down to the third year
of the first administration of Mr. Lincoln, a
period of say twenty-seven years, embracing
two wars, the total amount of internal revenue
collected was $24,997 01-
From the foundation of the Union in 1789 to
the third year of the first administration of Mr.
Lincoln, a period of say seventy-four years,
embracing nine wars, the total amount of in-
ternal revenue collected was $2,665,002 39.
Noble examples of republican simplicity;
noble specimens of public economy of the
peoples' resources. What an illustrious model
for imitation. How unfading its luster. It
was transmitted us by the good and great men,
the fruit of whose public virtues we possess,
as the embodiment of the spirit and policy of
the system which they founded and developed.
In their estimation it was essential to the
utility and perpetuity of the liberty which they
organized and meant to secure for themselves
and their posterity. Great revenue they knew
to be the inseparable companion of arbitrary
government and popular decay. But of all
the forms of revenue that was most abhorrent
to them which subsisted upon espionage and
inquisition into the private business and profits
of freemen, and with mailed hand counted out
to the Government a lion's share of whatever
they made. Hence, even in the infancy and
greatest extremity of the Union, when foreign
commerce and customs duties were at their
minimum, they tolerated only the merest pit-
tance by means of internal revenue. It was
condemned by them as an extreme medicine,
alien to our system and sufferable only in
the direst extremity, and its habitual prac-
tice now is a violation of our traditions and a
demoralization of our institutions.
Since Governments were instituted among
men has political morality ever before fallen
from such a height, and official rapacity
swollen to such proportions? From 1863 to
1871, a period of say eight years, embracing
one war, the party in power are known to
have taken from the people, under the color
of internal revenue alone, $1,571,901,660 59,
or $20,480,470 06 in excess of the total re-
ceipts, from all sources, of the Government
from 1789 to 1851, inclusive, a period of say
sixty-two years, embracing nine wars, and
extending through the twelve entire adminis-
trations of Washington, Adams, Jefferson,
Madison, Monroe, J. Q. Adams, Jackson, Van
Buren, Harrison, Tyler, Polk, Taylor, a,nd
into the second year of that of Mr. Fillmore.
And from 1865 to 1871, a period of say six
years of profound peace, the party in power
are known to have taken from the people,
undercolor of internal revenue alone, $1,252,.-
696,311 24, or $3,514,622 29 in excess of the
total receipts, from all sources, of the Gov-
ernment from 1789 to 1844, inclusive, a period
of, say, fifty-five years, embracing seven wars,
and extending through all the intervening ten
administrations from Washington to Polk.
This appalling consumption of treasure is
not merely local to the earnings of the people;
it has been extended also to the natural and
durable resources of public wealth. Nothing
available or convertible has been intentionally
overlooked. The infection has reached every
value within the horizon of power, and car-
ried off or consumed almost everything it has
reached. There is an inherent vice in the
waste of the people's substance which grows
with indulgeaee aad impels the guilty party
