1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
42D CoNGt....2D SES3.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
character of ft State Legislature, nor into how
many houses it shall be divided, nor -whether
the houses shall act. separately or in joint assem-
bly. The Legislatures of the States, aRorganized
nrider State constitutions, are authorized to
elect the members of this body ; and the Con-
stitution, in express words, commits to the
discretion of the Legislatures the whole mat-
ter of electing Senators, subject to the revisory
power of Congress to alter State regulations
in regard to the time for holding and manner
of conducting such election. As the ponsti-
tnlion has been construed from the beginning,
an election of Senator by the two houses of a
Legislature, acting separately or in joint con-
convention, is valid. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] himself stated that
such had always been the practice. It is
therefore too late to question the power of a
Legislature to elect a Senator by either of
these modes in the absence of any act of Con-
gress regulating the subject.
At the time of the election under consider-
ation the only provision in the constitution
of North Carolina which is material is that
determining what shall be a quorum :
" Neither house shall proceed upon public busi-
ness unless a majority of all the members are actu-
ally present."
Not present and voting, but actually present.
The act ot' Congress provides :
"That the Legislature of each State which shall
be chosen ne*t preceding the expiration of the time
for which any Senator was electcd to represent said
State in Congress shall, on the second Tuesday after
the meeting and organization thereof, proceed to
elect a Senator in Congress, in the place oi such
Senator so going out of otfice, in the following man-
ner: each house shall openly, by a viva voce vote
of eaoh member present* name one person tor Sen-
ator in Congress from said State, and the name of
the person so voted for who shall have a majority of
the whole number of votes cast in each house shall
he entered on the journal of each house by the
clerk or secretary thereof; but if either house shall
fail to give such majority to any pereon on said
day, that foot shall be entered on tho journal. At
twelve o'elock meridian of tho day following that
on which proceedings are required to take place as
aforesaid, the members of the two houses shall con-
vene in joint assembly, and the journal of each
house shall then be read, and if the same person
shall have received a majority of all the votes in
each house, such person shall bo declared duly
elected Senator to represent said State in the Con-
gress of the United States; but if the same person
shall not have received a majority of the votes m
each house, or if either house shall have failed to
take proce' dings as required by this act, the joint
assembly shall then proceed to choose, by a viva
voce vote of each member present, a person for the
purpose aforesaid, and a person having a majority
of all the votes of the said joint assembly, a majority
of all the members elected to both houses being
present and voting, shall be declared duly elected;
and in case no per-on shall receive such majority on
tho first, day. the joint assembly shall meet at twelve
o'elock meridian of eaoh succeeding day during the
session of the Legislature, and take at least one vote
until a Senator shall be elected."
This election having been by the two houses
on the first day, as required by the act of Con-
fress, it was regulated and its validity is to
e determined by the provision of the North
Carolina consiitution, which declares what
shall be ,a quorum in each house, and the first
clause of the act of Congress relating to the
election by the two houses on the first day.
What is necessary to an election? The
general principle is thus stated in 2 Kyd on
Corporations, 12:
" Two requisites are neoessary to make a good
election: . .
"1. A capacity m the electors.
"2. A capacity in the elected,
"And unless both concur the election is a nullity.
TVith respect to the capacity of the electors, their
right is tins: theyoannot say there shallI be no elec-
tion, but they are to elect: therefore, though tbiy
may vote and prefer one to fill an office, they cannot
say such a one shall nut be preferred; or by merely
saying we dissent to every one proposed prevent
any election at all. Their right consists m an affirm-
ative, not a negative declaration.. Consequently,
there is no effectual means of voting against one
man but by voting for another; and even th™. it
such other person be unqualified, and the elector
has notice of his incapacity, his vote will be thrown
away;"
Whether there was capacity in the electors,
that is, the two houses of the Legislature,
depended upon the single fact which is con-
ceded in this ease, that a majority of all the
members elected to.eacB house were " actually
present." '.there was then a competent legal
body upon wjiich the act of Congress impera-*
tively laid the. specific duty of electing a Sen-
ator on that day. And, regulating the elec-
tion by the two houses, the act of Congress
provides:
"Each house shall openly, by a viva voce vote
of each member present, name one person for Sen-
ator, 4c., and the name of tho person so voted for
who shall have a majority of the whole number of
votes oast in each h#use shall be entered on the
journal, &c."
The capacity of the Legislature to elect a
Senator on that day is not questioned. The
only matter in dispute about it.is whether they
did in fact make an election on that day, and
who was elected. .
Bearing distinctly in mind that the Legis-
lature had no discretion iu this matter; that*
it was their-duty prescribed by the act of Con.-
gress to elect a Senator on that day, and to
choose, a qualified person ; that in the house
sixty-three members voted for Vance, who
was well known to all the members to be dis-
qualified, and that thiity-two members voted
for Abbott, known to all the members to be
qualified; and in the senate thirty-two, with
like knowledge, voted for Vance, and eleven
for Abbott, I maintain that Abbott was
legally elected in both houses, and is entitled
to his seat in this body.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] taxed his ingenuity to the utmost
to discover points of difference between the
cases decided in England and the case now
before us for the purpose of showing that the
English decisions are not applicable to this
case. The precise quality of mind which en-
ables a lawyer to grow wiser by reading cases
is the power of discerning in each case its
essential elements and material circumstances.
If two cases have in common the essential
elements upon which the judgment rests, t^e
point upon which that judgment turned, then,
in legal phrase, the cases are on all fours,
although in non-essential circumstances they
may be widely different. Britain is a mon-
archy ; we are a republic. The Lords hold by
hereditary title; while Senators are elected
for a limited term; and so differences may be
multiplied to anv extent. But I assert that
the case before us is identical with the cases
reported in the English books in every essen-
tial particular. The same principle applies
to an election of Senator as would apply to
the election of any other officer by tjie same
body. v ,
Now, what are the essential elements of the
cases reported in the English books holding
that a minority candidate is entitled to the
office?
1. A small and generally a limited number
of electors upon whom the law has laid the
duty of making an election on a given day.
2. An election iiivavoce, by which it is known
for which candidate each elector voted.
3. The majority easting their votes for a per-
son known by them to be disqualified. ^ _
Wherever these elements are combined m
an election the English cases are unanimous
in declaring the minority man entitled to the
office. No other fact or element enters into
the doctrine of the English cases.
Turn now to the case before us, and it will
be found to contain every element essential to
establish the title of the minority candidate:
1. A small number of electors, limited and
determine^ by law, a legal body like the di-
rectors of a corporation, or the board of poor-
law commissioners in England ; upon which
body the act Of Congress had laid the impera-
tive, definite duty of making an election of
Senator on thai day.
2. An election viva voee, so that we know
the electpra *ho voted for each candidate ; a,nd
8. The majority voting for a person known
by them to be, disqualified.
I defy'the most astute lawyer in this body
to find an essential element upon which the
judgment in (he English cases is made to rest
Which is not found in this case, and I defy
him to find a material element or tact of this
case which is not found in the English cases;
that is, the case before us, in legal phrase, is
on all fours with the English cases. This
assertion will be verified by an examination
of those cases.
I shall not take the time to refer again to
the English cases, except to the celebrated
case, Gosling vs. Veley, (7 Q. B. R., 437,)
decided as late as 1848, and to the opinion
delivered in that case by Lord Denman, C. J.
This is one of the latest English decisions,
and having been made upon a state of facts
somewha,t variant, it cont'ains a careful and
exhaustive examination of the authorities and
a philosophical discussion of the principles
upon which they rest.
There had been a meeting of the vestry of
a church to levy a rate, or tax, as we say, upon
the parishoners for the purpose of repairing
the church. The vestrymen had reported that
a certain rate ought to be laid. Some one in
the meeting proposed an amendment, declar-
ing that according to the doctrines of the
Christian religion, support of church service
could not be compelled, and the chairman of
the meeting put it to a vote, and a very large
majority voted for that proposition. The ma-
jority did nothing else in the meeting; they
sat by, and the vote on the proposition to levy
the tax was put and carried by a minority of
those present. The question was whether the
rate was legally laid. This case' also bears
on the question put by the Senator from Ver-
mont yesterday, whether the same principle
would apply to an ordinary legislative act per-
formed by the Legislature of North Carolina
on that day. This opinion of Lord Denman
covers many pages, and if 1 had the strength
I should read much more fully from it than
I shall as it is. For the purpose of settling
the question before him he alludes to the cases
in regard to elections of officers. After stating
the facts, and the question whether the rate
was legally laid by the votes of a minority of
those present, he considers at length the gen-
eral principles, and examines all the cases re-
lating to the election of officers, and declares
the principles settled in those cases to be ap-
plicable to the case before him. Treating of
elections and speaking of the elector he says:
"He is present as an eloctor; his presence count-
ing as such to make up the requisite number of elect-
ors, where a certain number is necessary; but a©
attends only as an elector, to perform the duty
whichiscuston him by the franchise he enjoys as
elector; he can speak only in a particular language;
he can do only certain acts; any other language
means nothing; any other act is null; his duty is to
ag&ist in making an election. If he dissents irom
the choice of A, who is qualified, he must say so bx
voting lor some other also qualified; he has no right
to employ his franchise merely in preventing aft
election, and fio defea ing the object for which lie is
empowered and bound to attend."
Again:
"If, then, the elector-will not oppose the ©lection
of A in the only legal way, he throws away his vote,
by directing it where it has no legal force; and in bo
doing he voluntarily leaves unopposed, *, e., assents
to the voioes of the other elector,.
" It follows from these observations that the true
ground of the decision is rhat stated by Lord Mans-
field in the ca?e first cited: Whenever © eetors
are present and do not vote at all they virfua iy ac-
quiesce in the ele6tidn made by those who do.
Then the Chief Justice, having stated thfc
law of elections, proceeds to apply it as fol-
lows:
" The result of the whole is this: the vestry was
