1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
extinguish the Indian title to the Mille Sac reser-
vation in Minnesota, and what relief_ should in
equity be extended to the bona pie white settlers
thereon, and that they report by bill or otherwise;
and that, pending said investigations, the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissioner of the. General
Land Office are requested to suspend all action upon
said lands, or upon the claims of alleged settlers
thereto.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a reso-
lution of inquiry, and also asking the Depart-
ment to suspend action. Is there objection to
its present consideration ?
Mr. POMEROY. I think the resolution
ought to go to the Committee on Military-
Affairs in the first place, at any rate. The
Committee on Public Lands never take juris-
diction of military reservations.
Mr. WINDOM. This is not a military res-
ervation.
Mr. POMEROY. What reservation is it?
Mr. WINDOM. An Indian reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. Has it been abandoned?
Mr. WINDOM. There has been a treaty
made with these Indians, and the question is
whether they are entitled to any rights on that
reservation now.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless it is public land
we have not any jurisdiction.
Mr. WINDOM. I think it is ; that is the
question to be settled. I think under existing
treaties it is now public land.
Mr. COLE. Lettheresolution be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection to its present consideration the
question is on agreeing to it.
The resolution was adopted.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 380)
for the removal of legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States is before the Senate
as the special order, the pending question
being on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in opening
this great question, one of the vastest ever
presented to the Senate, I have had but one
hesitation, and that is, merely with regard to
the order of treatment. There is a large mass
of testimony from all parts of the country, from
Massachusetts as well as Georgia, showing the
absolute necessity of congressional legislation
for the protection of equal rights, which I think
ought to be laid before the Senate. It was my
first purpose to begin by presenting this testi-
mony ; but I have now changed my mind, and
I shall devote to day to a statement of the
question, relying upon the indulgence of the
Senate for another opportunity to present the
important testimony. I ask that the pending
amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to add as additional sections the following:
Sec.—. That all citizens of the United States, with-
out distinction of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, are entitled to the equal and impar-
tial enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by common carriers,
whether on land or water; by inn keepers; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
otherpiacesof public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioners. superintendents, teachers, or other ofil-
cers of common schools and other public institutions
of learning, the same being supported by moneys
derived from general taxation or authorized by law ;
by trustees or officers of church organizations, ceme-
tery associations, and benevolent institutions incor-
porated by national or Stare authoiity; and this
right shall not be denied or abridged on any pretense
of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
Sec. — . That any person violating the foregoing
provision, or aiding in its violation, or inciting
thereto, shall, for every such offense, forfeit and pay
the sum of $500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to
be recovered in an action on the case, with full costs
andsuch allowance for counselfees as the courtshall
deem just, and shall also for every such offense be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon convic-
tion thereof, shall be fined not less that$500 nor more
than $1,000, and shall be imprisoned not loss than
thirty days nor more than one year; and any corpor-
ation, association, or individual holding a charter
or license under national or State authority violat-
ing the aforesaid provision shall, upon conviction
thereof, forfeit such charter or license, and any
person assuming to use or continuing to act under
such charter or license thus forfeited, or aiding in
the same, or inciting thereto, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall be fined not less than $1,000 nor more than
$3,000, and shall be imprisoned not less than three
nor more than seven years, and both the corporate
and joint property of such corporation or association
shall be held liable for the forfeitures, fines, and
penalties incurred by any violation of the first sec-
tion of this act.
Sec. —. That the same jurisdiction and powers
are hereby conferred, and the same duties enjoined
upon, the courts and officers of the United States,
in the execution of this act, as are conferred and
enjoined upon such courts and officers in sections
three, lour, five, seven, and ten of an act entitled
" An act to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means of
their vindication," passed April 9,1866, and these
sections are lieieby made a part of this act; and
any of the aforesaid officers failing to institute and
prosecute such proceedings herein required, shall,
tor every such offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500
to the person aggrieved thereby,to bo recovered by an
action on the case, with full costs and such allow-
ance for counsel fees as the court shall deem just,
and shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed g_uilty
of a misdemeanor, and be fined not less than $1,000
nor more than $5,000.
Sec.—. That no person shall be disqualified for
service as juror in any court, national or State, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude; Provided, That such person possesses all other
qualifications which are by law prescribed; andany
officer or other persons charged with any dutyin the
selection or summoning of jurors, who shall exclude
or fail to summon any person for the reason above
named, shall, on conviction thereof, bo deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be fined not less than
$1,000 nor more than $5,000.
Sec. —. That every law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom, whether national or State, incon-
sistent with this act, or making any discriminations
against any person on account of color, by the use of
the word "white," is hereby repealed and annulled.
Sf.c. —. That it shall be the duty of the judges of
the several courts upon which jurisdiction is hereby
conferred to give this act in charge to the grand jury
of their respective courts at the commencement of
each term thereof.
Mi-. SUMNER. Mr. President, slavery, in
its original pretension, reappears in the present
debate. Ag.iin the barbarous tyianny stalks
into this Chamber, denying to a whole race
the equal rights promised by a just citizenship.
Some here thought slavery dead. This is a
mistake. If not in body, at least in spirit or
as a ghost making our conntry hideous, the
ancient criminal yet lingers among us, insist-
ing upon the continued degradation, of a race.
Property in man has ceased to exist. The
human auction-block is departed. No hu-
man being can call himself master, with im-
pious power to separate husband and wife, to
sell the child from its parents, to shut out the
opportunities of religion, to close the gates of
knowledge and to rob another of his labor and
all its fruits. These guilty prerogatives are
ended. To this extent the slave is free. No
longer a chattel, he is a man justly entitled to
all that is accorded bylawto any other man.
Such is the irresistible logic of his position.
Ceasing to be a slave he became a man,whose
foremost right is Equality of Rights. And yet
slavery has been strong enough to postpone his
entry into the great possession. Cruelly lie
was not permitted to testify in court; nor was
he allowed to vote. More than four millions
of people, whose only offense was a skin which
had been the badge of slavery, were shut out
from the court-room, and also from the ballot-
box, in open detiance of the great promises of
our fathers that all men are equal in rights,
and that just government stands only on the
consent of the governed. Such was the im-
pudent behest of slavery, prolonged after it
was reported dead. At last these crying
wrongs were overturned. The slave testifies ;
the slave votes. To this extent his equality
is recognized.
equality before the i,aw.
But this is not enough. Much as it may
seem compared with the past, when all was
denied, it is too little, because all is not yet
recognized. The denial of any right is a wrong
that darkens the enjoyment of all the rest.
Besides the right to testify and the right to
vote, there are other rights without which
Equality does not exist. The precise rule is
Equality before the Law ; nor more nor less ;
that is, that condition before the Law in which
all are alike—being entitled without any dis-
crimination to the equal enjoyment, of all in-
stitutions, privileges, advantages, and conven-
iences created or regulated by law, among
which are the right to testify and the right to
vote. But this plain requirement is not satis-
fied, logically or reasonably, by these two eon-
cessions, so that when they are recognized all
others are trifles. The courl-house and ballot-
box are notthe onlyplaces fortherule. These
two are not the only institutions for its opera-
tion. The rule is general; how then restrict
it to two cases? It is, all are equal before the
law—not merely before the law in two cases,
but before the law in all cases without limita-
tion or exception. Important asit is to testify
and to vote, life is not all contained even in
these possessions.
The new-made citizen is called to travel for
business, for health, or for pleasure, but here
his trials begin. The doors of the public hotel,
which from the earliest days of our jurispru-
dence have always opened hospitably to the
stranger, close against him, and the public
conveyances, which the common law declares
equally free to all alike, have no such freedom
for him. He longs, perhaps, for respite and
relaxation at some place of public amusement,
duly licensed by law, and here also the same
adverse discrimination is made. With the anx-
ieties of a parent, seeking the welfare of his
child, he strives to bestow upon him the ines-
timable blessings of education, and takes him
affectionately to the common school, created
by law and supported by thetaxation to which
he has contributed, butthese doorsslam rudely
in the face of the child where is garnered up
the parent's heart. "Suffer little children,
and forbid them not, to come unto me;" such
were the words of the divine Master. But
among us little children are turned away and
forbidden at the door of the common school,
because of the skin. And the same insulting
ostracism shows itself in other institutions of
science and learning, also in the church and in
the last resting-place on earth.
Two instances occur, which have been men-
tioned already on this floor; but their eminence
in illustration of an unquestionable grievance
justifies the repetition.
case of frederick douglass.
One is the well-known case of Frederick
Douglass, who, returning home after earnest
service of weeks as secretary of the commission
to report on the people of St. Domingo and
the expediency of incorporating them with the
United States, was rudely excluded from the
supper-table, where his brother commissioners
were already seated on board the mail steamer
of the Potomac, just before reaching the Presi-
dent, whose commission he bore. This case,
if not aggravated, is made conspicuous by
peculiar circumstances. Mr. Douglass is a
gentleman of unquestioned ability and char-
acter, remarkable as an orator, refined in man-
ners and personally agreeable. He was return-
ing. charged with the mission of bringing under
our institutions a considerable population of
colored foreigners, whose prospective treat-
ment among us was foreshadowed on board
that mail steamer. The Dominican Baez could
not expect more than our fellow-citizen. And
yet, with this mission, and with the personal
recommendations he so justly enjoys, this re-
turning secretary could nor, be saved from out-
rage even in sight of the Executive Mansion.
case of lieutenant governor dunn.
There also was Oscar James Dunn, late Lieu-
tenant Governor of Louisiana. It was my
privilege to open the door of the Senate Cham-
ber and introduce him upon the floor. Then
in reply to my inquiry he recounted the hard-
ships to which he had been exposed in the
long journey from Louisiana, especially how
he was denied the ordinary accommodations
for comfort and repose supplied to those of
