3070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
to those extremities beyond which there is
nothing to take or carry away.
The trade and commerce of the Union and
the public domain of the Union quickly in-
flamed the measureless passions of new-fledged
official cupidity and power. Never before
was such an Eldorado entered and rifled by
such ruthless rapacity. The earnings of the
people upon the one hand, the public lands
of the people upon the other, rioted over and
absorbed by the Eblis of faction, followed by
legions of hungry mercenaries and venal tax-
gatherers and grasping corporations. On the
one hand disappeared the people's money
by billions, on the other was alienated the
people's lands by millions and hundreds of
millions of acres.
The natural resources of a country consist in
a great measure of its soil and the contents
thereof. When these were originally vast
they constituted primordial wealth, ready made
for the people, to be conserved to their use
by the public economy. They were designed
by nature for the seat of republican empire.
They formed an expanded and picturesque
sphere for the enactment of great dramas of
civilization by great masses of succeeding
generations; generations of freemen, descend-
ants of freemen; owners, settlers and occu-
pants of the soil; soil divided and subdivided,
heritable and alienable; hampered by no pri-
mogeniture, walled in by no entail, seques-
tered by no royal edicts, monopolized by no
corporation grants. As population multiplied,
as demand increased, availableall therevolving
time to both population and demand; not
rapaciously seized before the sun-up of the
race and absorbed in keeps, parks, demesnes,
regal forests and crown lands by a luxurious
nobility of divine right, nor by a spurious
nobility of congressional grant.
In such primordial wealth, where is to be
found the peer of the Union in the single item
of its public domain, embracing an unri-
valed actual surface of more than 2,912,788.74
square miles, the equivalent of 1,864,1812,233
acres? The monarchies, States, and empires
of Europe, and the isles of the sea, hoary with
antiquity or resplendent with modern achieve-
ments, are but as leaseholds, patches, and
tracts upon the surface. Alone out of that
total aggregate, present and past, we may sur-
vey and map enough to cover all Spain, France,
England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Portugal,
Italy, Austria, Denmark, Belgium, Norway,
Sweden, Germany, Greece, and European
Turkey, and still have left 1,282,197 square
miles, or 820,606,553 acres of land, more than
enough to again cover all Spain, France, Eng-
land, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Austria, Den-
mark, Belgium, Norway, Sweden, Germany,
and Greece.
Of that domain vast portions have been use-
fully appropriated; individuals and communi-
ties have preempted, purchased, organized,
and improved; homesteads have been ac-
quired and settled ; states have been erected.
In every form the waves of population and
progress have steadily encroached upon it and
reclaimed it for the legitimate uses of practical
life. On the other hand, vast portions of the
people's patrimony have been squandered;
and year by year that vast domain of primor-
dial wealth is melting away; and it, and all
the advantages which should from it result to
the people of consecutive generations have
been the constant prey of a swarm of combi-
nations changed from time to time by the ac-
quirement of franchises into mighty corpora-
tions, every corporation an East India Com-
pany, and every corporation presidenta Warren
Hastings ; confronting Government with their
insatiate demands; enforcing connivance by
the dread of opposition, or insuring compli-
ance by a division of plunder; by their visi-
ble and invisible influences of masterly finan-
cial and executive administration extorting
from Government lands like kingdoms, loans
like the treasures of Fortunatus, and functious
which set at defiance the original powers of
sovereign States.
And now we may see them day by day
extending their grasp and tightening their
grip by consolidation, these imperial govern-
ments within the Government, with an annual
revenue already in excess of $450,000,000,
and an aggregate absorption of the public
domain of 212,164,846,03 acres ; or 76,426,606
acres greater than the entire area of imperial
Germany, with its population of 40,111,265;
or 82,948,846 acres greater than the entire area
of France, with its population of 36,469,875 ;
or 134,724,846 acres greater than the entire
areaof England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales,
with their population of 31,465,480; or 67,265,-
006 acres greater than the entire area of impe-
rial Austria, with its population of 35,904,435.
Some of those corporations have received
no land grants, no loans, no undue privileges.
Individual energy and associated capital, stim-
ulated by the laudable hope ot remunerative
business, projected and builded them, and made
them productive to the owners and useful to
the public. Those are the legitimate elements
of growth of every proper enterprise ; they
keep pace with healthy progress. Extraneous
material aid, drawn from the public wealth,
diverted into the private ownership of classes,
enriches the few at the expense of the many
and pampers monopoly. Imposing works are
projected and pushed forward, the curiosity of
an intelligent people is awakened, their ad-
miration kindled; then, at this opportune junc-
ture, are insiduously secured, from a venal
faction, gambling with legislation, imperial
grants of the public lands ; and when inevita-
bly the illusion becomes dispelled, the people
realize either that the work itself is premature,
or is, in itself, in its intrinsic and accruing
advantages to a privileged class, and their
successors and descendants forever, certainly
a remunerative investment, and most probably
a princely income, extending into the remotest
future. Such works, however imposing, rest
on a foundation of public plunder; and such
legislation, however disguised, is profligacy in
the Government, perfidy to the people, born
and unborn.
Observe the Pacific railroad companies.
They are, or purpose to be, transcontinental
highways of burnished steel. They are trade
avenues holding two oceans in commercial
wedlock. They pour into the lap of our com-
merce the hitherto fabulous trade of the popu-
lous continents and islands washed by the
waves of the Pacitic. This is all grand
enough. It is good for the country, good for
the people; but it is also very good for these
highly privileged individuals whose sole object
was and is to put money in their pocket.
Some risk, in some cases, may have been
incurred, with a view to great contingent gains.
Such is the universal law. But they gave the
public nothing—proposed to give the public
nothing. They proposed to carry for a price.
Why should the Government turn aside to
enrich those persons at the public expense?
Why take from the many to give to the few?
Why reach into the future and seize and
plunder the homsteads of posterity and lavish
them upon existing classes and corporations?
Why single out classes of persons, forms of
works, lines of transportation, for invidious
aggrandizement? Why in a republic erect
huge, domineering, landed aristocracies upon
the plundered patrimony of the people, under
the meretricious pretense of aiding public
improvement and opening up the country to
settlement ? It is like giving away the horse
that carries you to induce the smith to shoe
him.
Look at the three Pacific companies—a
handful of individuals. They may be equal
or superior in all the attributes of excel-
lence to any other equal number; non con-
stat. Upon those individuals have been be-
stowed by the Government since 1862, of the
land of the people, more than 211,000 square
miles, the equivalent of more than 135,000,000
acres; in the aggregate an empire; 9,000
square miles greater than all France; or 95,-
000 square miles greater than all England.
Ireland, Scotland, and Wales ; or 28,242
square miles greater than all Spain ; or 103,-
309 square miles greater than all Italy; or 9,558
square miles greater than all the combined
areaof the eleven States of New York, Penn-
sylvania, Maryland. Massachusetts, Kentucky,
New Hampshire, Vermont, West Virginia,
Connecticut, New Jersey, and Delaware.
Such profligacy, it is submitted, is without
a parallel in the previous history of represent-
ative government. The excesses of revenue
and expenditure of the party in power, hereto-
fore mentioned, furnish the only parallel. In
the catalogue of its public crimes are alone
to be found adequate illustrations of its public
perfidy. In all the annals of the past and the
present it stands alone in the revolting soli-
tude of its impenetrable obduracy. The his-
torian who will tell to posterity our future,
being their past, can recount the evil deeds of
no peer in perfidy and waste, for the little that
will be left will render impossible all competi-
tion in infamy.
Now, if the laudable object of donating
proper quantities of the public land had been
adjusted to aid public spirit, genius, or enter-
prise, or all three, in overcoming difficulties
otherwise insurmountable, in projecting and
carrying out a beneficent work, private in its
ownership, revenues, and management, but
public and national in its utility and scope,
such assistance, if within the province of the
Government at all, should have been given in
some reasonable degree commensurate with
the private object to be subserved and the
public interest to be protected. Neither was
done. The public interest was sacrificed, and
imperial fortunes lavished upon individuals.
Take, as an illustration, the grants inuring
to the Northern Pacific alone, worth now
$200,000,000 at the low average of four dol-
lars per acre—a territory larger than all
Portugal, Denmark, Belgium, and Greece;
larger than all Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Mary-
land, and Massachusetts ; in the richest por-
tion of what is called the new Northwest. It
traverses an area of country embracing some
of the richest lands upon this continent in
agricultural and mineral resources. A dis-
tinguished traveler who explored it says that
eighty per cent, of the grant is suitable for
grazing and cultivation, and that the residue,
which is chiefly mountainous, is enriched with
forests of valuable timber and with mines of
precious metals.
It is stated by Mr. Henry V. Poor, in his
valuable manual, that the lands of the Union
Pacific grant already sold have yielded to the
company an average of $4 46 per acre, and
the lauds of the Illinois Central grant over
eleven dollars per" acre. The lands of the
Northern Pacific, supposing them to yield only
an average of four dollars per acre, will pay
the entire cost of the construction and equip-
ment of the road and leave it free from debt, and
with one full moiety of the imperial grant un-
incumbered in the possession of the company.
And at $2 50 per acre the grants alone will
build and equip the entire road, and leave it
not only free from debt but with a princely
surplus in the company's treasury of over
twenty-five million dollars. All this exclusive
of the completed work itself, together with it?
incalculable accruing earnings, of the splendid
results of which some inadequate idea may be
formed by reference, in a summary way, to
the reported operations of the Central Pacific
and the Union Pacific roads.
Of the former, mainly by its local traffic alone,
the net earnings in six years were $10,000,000
over its operating expenses, and $6,000,000
over running expenses and interest on bonds.
And for the single year of 1871 alone its earn-
ings are estimated at $10,000,000. And the
earnings of the latter for the year 1871 are
