1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3071
estimated at $9,000,000, or a total for through
line from Omaha to San Francisco of $19,000,-
000, or at least $9,000,000 net above running
expenses. Why accumulate upon these cor-
porations these millions of acres, aud this
measureless treasure in excess of all the legit-
imate necessities of the work in its relations
to the public ? And if these princely estates
and regal demesnes were to be invested in in-
dividuals, why done at the expense of the
lands and possessions of a confiding and be-
trayed constituency and an innocent and now
helpless posterity? What explanation will
suffice, what plea of justification be offered,
or what mitigation of righteous judgment hoped
for?
The lands granted, the treasure bestowed
away from the people are millions, tens, hun-
dreds of millions in excess of the cost of all
the works, and form absolute gratuities,
amounting not only to present princely for-
tunes, but to fortunes the real magnitude of
which, in the near revolving years, now to
mention, would startle the ear with sounds
unfamiliar and fabulous.
Glance over the Union. Behold the brains,
hearts, and muscles of ninety-nine per cent,
of our people, unaided by grants, subsidies,
or bounties, inventing, toiling, producing, or-
ganizing, applying all forms and values of a
mighty civilization. And, in the mean time,
observe a knot of politicians furtively giving
away that which -was not theirs to give, to the
remaining one per cent, lands and treasures
richer than kingdoms and broader than em-
pires.
Lands for the corporation lord, and taxes
for the toiler! It is the old fraud over again :
the many being made the donkey for the few,
No man in his senses opposes railroads as
such; no man in his senses underrates their
value; but every fair man in his senses in-
sists that they shall share alike, and all stand
upon the dead level of other forms of in-
dusti'y—stand or fall in their inherent rela-
tion to the laws and rivalries of impartial pro-
gress, in an open field and a fair fight.
But the disguise is too thin ; every man in
his senses knows that the monstrous political
and corporation robbery under consideration
is not in or of the railroad as such, either
singly or collectively; but covered up under
the popular uniform of that mighty utilizer,
works in secret that all-devouring lust of the
monopoly by a few of that which, from the
foundation of the world, was made only for the
many. It is not the railroad, it is the ring,
the coalition, held together by the " cohesive
power of public plunder" in and out of power
which, under the frank of the railroad, steals
and absorbs aud is enriched by the public
lands and treasures. The road is the minor,
the lands the major. They build the road
with $50,000,000 of the people's lands, place
to their own private credit the remaining
$150,000,000, and then, on their own private
road, carry the people and the people's freight
at an annual tax upon the people, as in the
illustration cited, of, say, from ten to twenty
millions per annum.
Now, it would have been bad enough for the
people and good enough for the ring if the
latter had been content with their road and
its revenues and let the people alone with
their lands and treasures. The advantage
would have still been immensely on the side
of the ring. But the course pursued is mon-
strous. It will go down to posterity mem-
orable for its audacity and infamy, like the
partition of Poland ana the perfidy of Arnold.
Mr. GRIFFITH. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Rice] a portion of
my time.
civil service reform.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I had
intended on a former occasion to submit my
views upon the subject of civil service reform,.
As I was not able to obtain the floor for that
purpose at that time, I will avail myself of
this opportunity to say what I had intended to
say at that time.
There is, perhaps, no subject that occupies
in the public mind a position of more import-
ance than that connected with the civil service
of the' country. And the desire of the people
of the country, without respect to party, is to
see some method of administration devised
that will secure to the country the best ser-
vice and the most economical administration
of the affairs of the Government.
There is no question that now forces itself
upon public attention more worthy of consid-
eration than that of the reform of the civil ser-
vice. While its condition is admitted to be
deplorable by all who are not blinded by par-
tisan zeal or influenced by false views of the
purposes apd functions of civil government,
yet no satisfactory remedy for the evil has
yet been found, or if found has not been so far
tested as to command the approval and sup-
port, with any degree of nnanimity, of the
Representatives of the people. There are
difficulties inherent the in subject from its
nature and complexity; difficulties that grew
out of a long-continued custom of making
strictly partisan appointments; difficulties
growing out of the objections and opposition
of those who regard the Government patron-
age as the property of those who are clothed
with the appointing power, or of those whose
influence or official position enables them to
control that power.
That the country is suffering under the weight
of accumulated evils from the abuse of Govern-
ment patronage and is anxious for relief, is
obvious to all. The history of our civil ser-
vice is the history of incompetency, unfaith-
fulness, and corruption, notwithstanding there
are many honorable exceptions. A large na-
tional debt in addition to the current expenses
of the Government must be provided for. The
consequences are that the burdens of the peo-
ple are vastly increased and the revenues of
the country greatly augmented. This changed
condition of the country, from what it was be-
fore the late civil war, necessarily multiplied
the number of Federal officers and employes,
and as a consequence multiplied both the op-
portunities and temptations to defraud the
Government, and to use official power and
position for the purpose of improving the
private fortunes, at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, of those engaged in its service. The
revenues and machinery of the Government,
thus augmented, constitute together an engine
of vast political power.
During the period of the civil war the pub-
lic mind was so intensely occupied with that
terrible conflict, and so great was the pressure
upon all the departments of the Government
and upon the country, it should excite no sur-
prise that the civil service did not receive that
degree of care and attention demanded by the
best interest of the country. Indeed, it would
have been strange had it been otherwise. Upon
the return of peace we find the nation burdened
with this vast debt, the ordinary expenses of the
Governmentgreatly increased, the Federal pat-
ronage immensely augmented. What, under
the circumstances, were the dictates alike of
statesmanship and patriotism ? Manifestly to
devise and adopt such methods and rules in
relation to the civil service as would best
meet the wants of the country under the
enlarged burdens and duties laid upon that
branch of the public service. But it is unfor-
tunately true that in this respect abuses have
multiplied, corruption has increased, until
the perpetuation of free government itself is
endangered. Conscious of the necessity of a
reform, Congress, by the act of March 3,1871,
authorized the President to employ suitable
persons to inquire into the wants of the civil
service and to aid the President in prescribing
rules and regulations for. the admission of per-,
sons into it, and also for the conduct of per-
sons who may receive appointments in such
service.
On the 19th December, 1871, the commis-
sioners appointed by the President under the
act of Congress having made their report, the
same was submitted to Congress, accompanied
by a special message approving the system
recommended by the said commissioners, and
pledging himself to put the same in force on
and after January 1, 1872, and also recom-
mending an appropriation to continue the work
of the commission, or advisory board, for
another year.
In the discussions upon the subject of civil
service reform and the plan recommended by
the President, in both Houses of Congress, the
most detetmined opposition has been mani-
fested by the supporters of the Administration,
more especially by those who sustain the most
intimate relations to the Executive, and who
are most anxious for his reelection. They
have declared on the one hand that the civil
service had not been in a better condition in
the last twenty years, and on the other that the
proposed plan of reform was a!1h'umbug."
These declarations are made, too, in the face
of the fact that those commissioners report
after a careful consideration of the subject
that it is estimated that one fourth of the reve-
nues are lost to the Government inconsequence
of the vicious and unsatisfactory condition of
the civil service of the country, involving an
annual loss to the Treasury of a sum greater
than was required to support the Government
prior to 1860.
No system of civil service that admits of
such startling results, that bears such bitter
fruits, can justly be defended for a single mo-
ment, and no Government can safely tolerate
the continuance of such abuses. It is idle to
oppose reform upon the ground that no reform
is necessary. The attention of the country is
anxiously directed to this subject, and no dec-
laration so transparent will be accepted by the
people. Those who so believe either misap-
prehend the true ends of government or else are
unwilling to justly respond to its necessities.
I know that there are many obstacles in the
way of any real reform. The same causes, the
same influences, that introduced these abuses
are active in perpetuating them, and we can-
not reasonably expect the sincere cooperation
of those who have been unwilling to profit by
abuses in the accomplishment of a reformation.
No one I apprehend will controvert the fact
that the executive department of the Govern-
ment is clothed by the Constitution, and laws
made in pursuance thereof, with all the powers
necessary to the accomplishment of any reform
in the civil service that the welfare of the
country requires. That such reform has not
been inaugurated is owing to the fact that
other yants and other interests than those of
the Government have been permitted to con-
trol those who, by the Constitution and laws,
possess the appointing power. Thatpower, by
the Constitution, is vested in and limited to
the Executive, heads of Departments, and
courts of law. It is in my judgment unfortu-
nate that the proposed changes in the civil
service designed to establish a better system
did not originate with the executive depart-
ment of the Government rather than with Con-
gress. This fact must weaken the confidence
of the country in the success of the plan.
The legislative department of the Govern-
ment is embarassed by its lack of power under
the Constitution to enforce any system of
rules, however wisely conceived, for the regu-
lation of the appointment of persons to office,
or for determining the fitness of applicants for
the positions sought by them. Congress hav-
ing no such power, cannot vest in an advisory
board powers that belong to the executive de-
partment of the Government.
If it were legally possible to do so, the wis-
dom and sound policy of such a course is ver|
