1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
Equal Kights when this separation is unforced.
The sul'Stiluie is invariably an itif'eiior article.
Doc-; any Senator deny it? Therefore, it is
nor. liquidity. At best it.is an equivalent only ;
but no equivalent, is equality. Separation im-
plies one thing lor a white person and another
tiling for a eoloied peivon ; but. equa'if.y ij
'"In ro all have the same alike. There can be
i o sul>-i tnte for eqnadty ; nothing but, itself,
liven i[ accommodations are the same, as
notoriously they ate not, there is no liquality.
iii i'.io jiroctssi/f .-tibstitntion the vital elixir
exhali h and es(apes It. b lost and cannot be
ivco- ei'i-d ; lor Equality is found only in Equ.il-
i v. ■' Ntnight tint, itself can be its parallel
but. Senators undertake to liitd parallels in
other things.
Assuming what is most absurd to assume,
and what is contiadicted by all expeiience,
that a substitute can be an equivalent, it is so
in form only and not in leabty. Every such
attempt is an indignity to the colored race,
instinct with the spirit of Slavery, and this
decides its character. It is Slavery in its last
; ppcarance. Are you ready to prolong the
hateful tymrmy? iteligion and reason con-
demn Caste as impious and unchristian, making
republican institutions and equal laws impos-
sible ; but here is Caste not unlike that which
sepaiates the Siulra from the. Brahmin. Pray,
sir, who constitutes the white man a Brah-
min? Whence his loidly title? Down to a
lecent period in Europe the Jews were driven
to herd by themselves separate from Christians;
but this discarded baibarism is revived among
us in the ban of color. There are millions
of fellow citizens guilty of no olfen-e except
(lie dusky livery of the sun appointed by the
heavenly bather, whom you treat as others
have Healed the Jews, as the Brahmin tieats
the Sudr.t. But pray, sir, do not protend that
tins is the great Equality promised by our
fathers.
In arraigning this attempt at separation as
a Caste, 1 say nothing new. For 3 ears I have
denounced it as such, and here I followed good
authorities, as well as reason. Alexander Yon
Humboldt, speaking of the negroes in Mexico
when Slavery prevailed, called them a Caste.
A recent, politicalandjuridical writer ofFrance
uses the same term to denote not only the dis-
ci iminution in India, but that in our own coun-
try, especially referring to the exclusion of
colored children from the common schools as
among "the humiliating and brutal distinc-
tions" by which their Caste is characterized.
(Charles Comte. Traite de Legislation, Tome
IV., pp. 129, 445.) The principle of separa-
tion on the ground of hereditary inferioiity is
the distinctive essence ot Caste ; but this is the
outrage which.hits itself in our country, cry-
ing out, '• 1 am better than thou, because I am
white. Get away !"
THE REMEDY.
Thus do I reject the two excuses. But I
do not leave the cause here. 1 go further and
show how consistent is the pending measure
with acknowledged principles, illustrated by
undoubted lavv.
'The bill for Equal llights is simply supple-
mentary to the existiug Civil Rights Law,
which is one of our great statutes of peace, and
it stands on the same requirements of the Con-
stitution. If the Civil Hights Law is above
question, as cannot be doubted, then also is the
supplementary amendment, for it is only the
complement, of ilie other, and necessary to its
completion. Without the amendment the
oiiginal law is imjierfeet,. It cannot be said,
accoidiiig lo its title, that all persons are pro-
tected in tilth' civil rights, so long us the out-
1 ages I expose continue-to exist; nor is Slavery
entirely dt-ad.
No doubt the supplementary law must oper-
ate, not only in national jurisdiction, but also
in (he States, precisely as the Civil Rights Lavv.
Otherwise it will be of little value. Its sphere
must be coextensive with the Republic, mak-
ing the rights of the citizen uniform every-
where. But this can bo only by ono uniform
safeguard sustained by the nation.
An enlightened public opinion must be in-
voked. But this will not be wanting. The
count'v will rally in aid of the lavv, more
especial y stticc il is a measure of justice and
humanity. But, the law is needed now as a
help to public opinion. It is needed by the
very people whose present conduct makes it
necessaiy. Prompted l.y the law, le ining on
the lavv, thev will leeognize the equal rights
of all; nor do I desjuir of hailing a pub'ic
opinion, which shall stamp the denial 01 ihese
lights as an outrage not unlike slavery nself.
Custom and patronage will then be sought iu
obeying the lavv. People generally are little
better than actors, lor whom it was once said :
"All! i et nut censure tei m oui late our choieo,
The &t:igo but echoes b.iek the public voice;
The dmina's laws, the droma's patrons give;
For we that live to please must please to live."
In the absence of the law people please too
often by inhumanity, bat with the law touching
the lesion of duly, they will please by opposite
conduct. Thus will the law be an mMiument
of improvement, neee^uy in proportion to
existing prejudice, Because people still please
by inhumanity, therefore must there be a coun-
teracting foice. This precise exigency was
foreseen by Rousseau, temarkable as writer and
thinker, in a work which startled the world,
when he said :
" It 16 precisely because the foreo of things tends
always to destroy equality that the force of legisla-
tion should alwajs tend to maintain it."—Contrat
facial, Liv. II, chap. 11.
Never was a truer proposition ; and now let us
see the cases for its application.
PUBLIC HOTELS.
I begin with public hotels or inns, because
the rule with regard to them may be traced to
the earliest period of the common law. In the
Chronicles of llolingshed, written in ihe reign
ofQueen Elizabeth, is a chapter u Of our Inns
and Thoroughfares," where the inn, which is the
original teruifor hotel, is described as u builded
for the receiving of such travelers and stran-
gers as pass to and fro 5" and then the chron
icier, boasting of his own country as compared
with others, says u every man may use his inn
as his own bouse in England." (Chronicles,
Description of England, Book III, chap. 1(5, p.
444, London ed., 4to., 1807.) The law of Eng-
land was in conformity with this boast. The
inn was open to a every man," and this rule
has continued from that early epoch, anterior
to the settlement of our country, down to this
day. The inn is a public institution, with well-
known rights and duties. Among the latter
is the duty to receive all paying travelers de-
cent in appearance and conduct, wherein it is
distinguished from a lodging-house or board-
ing-house, which is a private concern, and not
subject to the obligations of the inn.
For this statement I might cite authorities
beginning with the infancy of the law, and not
euding even with a late decision of the Superior
Court of New York, where an inn is defined
to be 4'a public house of entertainment for all
who choose to visit itwhich differs very little
fiom the descriptive words of Holingshed.
The summary of our great jurist, Mr. J ust'ee
Story, shows the law;
"An innkeeper bound to take in all traveler#
n,xl wayfaring persons and to entertain theiu, if he
can accommodate them for a leasonablo compensa-
tion. " " : an xuukccper im-
properly refuses to receive or provide lor a guest,
hew liable to be indicted therefor.''—Story's Com-
me atari* •> on the Law of Bailment,s\ g 470.
Chancellor Kent states the rule briefly but
with lulltie<s and precision :
"An innkeeper cannot lawfully refuse to receive
guests to the extent of his rcanonahle accommoda-
tions, lior.can ho imposa unreasonable tenus upon
them.''—Kcnt'u CvuhHcntaficx, Vol. 2. p. 5'U.
This great authority says again, quoting a
decided case:
"Innkeepers arc liable to an action if tlioy reiuse
to receive a guest without just cause. The inn-
keeper is even indictable for the refusal, if lie
has room in his house and the guest behaves
properly."—Ibid., p. 596.
And Professor Parsons, in his. work on Con-
tracts, so familiar to lawyers and students,
says:
"lie cannot so refuse unless his house is full and he
is ju-tually unable to receive them. And it* on false
protonso ho refuses h<* is liable to an action."—Par-
.vous- o'j Contracts, P. 027.  
The importance of this ruin in determining
present duty will justify another statement in
the language of a popular Encyclopaedia:
" One of the incidents of an innkeeper is. that ho
is bound to open his house to all traveler#, without dis-
tinction, and has no oj/tion to ret me such refreshment,
shelter, and accommodation as he possesses, provided
the person who applies is of the description of a
traveler and able and ready to pay the customary
hire jsnd is not drunk or disorderly or tainted with
infectious disease."—Chambers's Enoyclopcedia, arti-
cle- Inn.
And the Encyclopedia adds:
"As some compensation for this compulsory hos.
jiitahtu the innkeeper is allowed ceitain privileges.* 
Thus is the innkeeper under constraint of
law, which he must obey; "bound to take in
all travelers and wayfaring persons;" u nor
can he impose unreasonable terms upon
them;1' and liable to an action and even to
an indictment for refusal. Such is the law.
With this peremptory rule opening the doors
of inns to all travelers, without distinction, to
the extent of authorizing not only an action
but an indictment for the refusal to receive a
traveler, it is plain that the pending bill is
only declaratory of existing law giving to it
the sanction of Congress.
PUBLIC CONVEYANCES.
Public conveyances, whether on land or
water, are known to the law as common car-
riers, and they, too, have obligations not unlike
thoae of inns. Common carriers are grouped
with innkeepers, especially in duty to passen-
gers. Here again Mr. Justice Story is our
authority:
4' The first most general obligation on their part is
to carry passengers with all reasonable diligence
whenever they otfer themselves and are ready to pay
for their transportation. This results from their set-
ting themselves up, like innkeepers and common car-
rier* of goods, for a common public employment, on
hire. They are no more at liberty to refuse a pas-
senger, if they have sufficient room and accommo-
dations, than an innkeeper is to refuse suitable
room and accommodations to a guest."—Story,
Bailments, \ 591.
Professor Parsons states the rule strongly :
" It is his duty to receive all passengers who offer;
to carry them tho whole route; to demand no more
than the u^ual and established compensation: to
treat all passengers alike; to behave to all with civil-
ity and propriety; to provide suitable carriages and
means of transportation." * ' * * "And
for the default of his servants or agents in any of
the above particulars, or generally m any other
points ot duty, the carrier is directly responsible as
well as for any circumstances of aggravation which
attended the xcrong—Parsons on Contracts, p 228.
The pending bill simply reenforces this rule,
which without Congress ought to be sufficient.
But since it is set at naught by an odious dis-
crimination Congress must interfere.
THEATERS AND PLACKS OF VT'RLIC AMUSEMENT.
Theaters and other places of public amuse-
ment, licensed by law, are kindred to inns or
public conveyances, though less noticed by ju-
risprudence. But, like their prototypes, they
undertake to provide for the public under sanc-
tion of law. They are public institutions,
regulated if not created by law, enjoying priv-
ileges, and in consideration thereof, assuming
duties not unlike those of the inn and the pub-
lic conveyance. From essential reason, the
rule should be the same with all. As the inn
cannot close its doors, or the public convey-
ance refuseaseattoany paying traveler, dccent
in condition, so must it. be with the theater
and other places of public amusement. Here
are institutions whoso peculiar object is the
''pursuit ofhappinesV which has been placed
among the equal lights of all. How utterly
• irrational the pretention to outrage a largo por-
tion of the community. The law can lend
itself to no such intolerable absurdity, and
this, I insist, shall be declared by Congress.
COMMON SCHOOLS.
The common school lails naturally into the
same category, Like the others, it must be
