1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33t
42d Cong....2d Sess.'
North Carolina Senator,ship—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
the person whom they had named. That being
the ease, it seems to be something of a puzzle
whether the accidental circumstance of knowl-
edge or want of knowledge was to determine
■whether the act of that majority was in itself
valid or invalid. That is the suggestion I wish
to make.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is disposed of
by this single consideration. The doctrine
upon which the cases proceed is that the elec-
tion can only be made by the majority of the
electoral body. Suppose the body to consist
of a hundred members. The proposition is,
shall A. be elected? Five say yea, and the
rest say nothing. The ninety-five who say
nothing assent that the choice of the five shall
stand as the choice of the body. And when
the law requires that a body consisting of one
hundred members shall make an election, if
five vote for A and ninety-five do not vote at
all, or, what is the same thing in legal effect,
vote for a person known by them to be dis-
qualified, the five carry the election, and the
ninety-five are deemed to acquiesce in that
choice. The ninety-five voting for a candi-
date known by them to be disqualified have,
in legal effect, done nothing; that is, they have
been silent, and the five voices are deemed to
express the will of the electoral body. The
ninety-five knew that if they did not vote, or,
what is the same thing, did vote for a candi-
date known by them to be disqualified, the
five who did vote would make an election ;
that is, they assented that the five should
make an election. But, if the niiiety-five voted
for a candidate in fact disqualified, but not by
them known to be se, then such assent cannot
be presumed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not any vote given for
Vance just as void without knowledge as with?
Mr. CARPENTER,. To one end it is;
that is, Vance is not elected in either case;
but you cannot say that the majority intend-
ed to throw away their votes, and allow the
minority to make an election, unless the major-
ity knew Yance to be disqualified. In other
words, if the majority knew Vance to be dis-
qualified, and still voted for him, they are
ieemed to have assented to an election by the
minority ; but if they did not know of such
disqualification, they did not give such assent.
I cannot make this point plainer than it is
made by the opinion of Lord Denman which
I have already read. The doctrine of the law
is that an election can only be effected by the
majority of the electoral body; that if the
majority do not vote, or, what is the same
thing, vote Cor a disqualified candidate, they
consent that the minority shall make the elec-
tion, and the election by the minority, in such
ease, is an election by the whole body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I repeattomy friend,
if the electors had voted for Vance in igno-
rance of his disqualification, their votes would
have been void as to electing Vance, but still
effectual to defeat Abbott.
Mr. CAIiPEN I'EK. My friend persists in
ignoring the principles of the cases which I
have cited. An election can only be made by
a majority of the body, but may be accom-
plished by the majority in either of two modes.
They may vote for a qualified candidate, which
makes an election, or they may refuse to vote,
or vote for a disqualified person, which is the
same thing—such vote being no vote—in which
case the minority make an election which is
deemed to be an election by the whole elec-
toral body, each member knowing that the
only way to defeat an eligible candidate is to
vote for another eligible candidate. If the
majority vote for a candidate ineligible in fact,
but not known by them to be so, their assent
that the majority shall make ue election
cannot be presumed. If the members of the
Legislature who voted for Vance did not know
of his disqualification, they cannot be pre-
sumed to have assented to the action of the
minority.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. As I understand the
interpellation of the Senator from Vermont,
it was extremely pertinent. The Senator from
Wisconsin was referring to cases, and repeat-
ing it with great emphasis and putting bis case
upon it, that there is no way to prevent the
election of the minority man except by voting
for a qualified man. Now, the case put by
the Senator from Vermont shows that not to
be true; that the minority man may not be
elected, although the majority may be dis-
qualified ; for if the voters do not know of the
disqualification, then the minority man is not
elected. So that there is a way of defeating
the minority man, although you do vote for a
disqualified man. It is only where you add
the other element to it, that the voter know-
ingly throws away his vote, that the minority
man is elected according to the English
authorities.
Mr. CARPENTER. The honorable Sena-
tors illustrate what judges have so often
said that when the court is speaking of one
thing, it is not to be presumed to be
thinking of another. We are considering a
principle of the common law. In the first
place, the law is that an election is the act
of a majority of the electoral body ; but what-
ever evinces the will of tbe majority makes
an election, and whether the majority vote for
A, or do not vote at all, and the minority vote
fjr A, it is deemed that A is elected by a
majority of the electoral body. Where the
disqualification was not known to the elector,
of course it cannot be presumed that he in-
tended to throw away his vote, or, the same
thing, not to vote, and permit the minority of
the body to make the election, if the ma-
jority vote for a person in fact disqualified,
but not known by them to be so, they are not
presumed to have assented to the election by
a minority. In other words, they have in
good faith elected another person, who being
precluded from holding the office, in conse-
quence of facts not known to the majority, the
election fails, and a new election must be
ordered.
Mr. President, with these remarks I pass
from the consideration of the case in general
to a specific reply to the views of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Thtoman.]
His opening was devoted to a discussion of
the technical distinction between authorities
and precedents. I entirely concur with hitn
upon this subject; and if he convicted me of
anything it was of an inaccurate use of lan-
guage. Whether the decisions of the judicial
Cjurts are called authorities or precedents
makes little difference; and the technical dis-
tinction which undoubtedly exists is never
respected in common speech. A lawyer in a
State court, for instance, says he wishes to
refer to the authorities, and thereupon cites
decisions in other States and in England. The
only object I bad in referring to the cases was
to show the result arrived at by the judicial
courts, to he used to guide our judgment in
this case; and whatever appellation may suit
the Senator best is entirely agreeable to me.
The Senator says that the English author-
ities are not applicable for several reasons.
The first is that the voter in the English cases
voted in his own right, and not in a represent-
ative capacity; and here I quote from his
reported speech. Speaking of the voter in
the English cases, he says :
"Hewas under no moral obligation, perhaps, to
vote; and if he saw fit to renounce his franchise for
the time being, nobody eould complain.
But that is not the case in an election of Senator;'
Not a man who voted for Vance east a vote to which
he had any individual title whatever. Not one of
thein as an individual had a right to cast a vote in
that election. The sole right that any one hud Was
his representative right; his right us a member of
the General Assembly, and the consequence is that
if you oast out his vote from the count it is not he
who is punished, but it is his constituents upon whom
the punishment falls. If you reject the votes of a ma-
jority of the Assembly of North Carolina oast for
Vanoe, it is not that majority whom you punish ; it
is the whole people of the State upon whom your
judgment falls."
The mistake in all this is here; we are
not punishing anybody; we are not visiting
penal consequences either upon tbe Legisla-
ture or the people of North Carolina. We
are as judges simply determining one ques-
tion, whether an unconstitutional vote is effec-
tual or void. It is wholly immaterial in a legal
sense whether a person is voting at the polls
in the capacity of an individual elector or
voting in some body of which he is a member,
which body is empowered to make an elec-
tion ; in either case he accomplishes nothing
unless he does something; he accomplishes
no legal result unless he does some legal thing.
No legal thing can be done, no legal right
secured, by an illegal or unconstitutional act.
If I tell my little boy that in case he puts his
hand upon the fire it will be consumed, am I
denouncing punishment upon my boy? No;
T am teaching him a law of nature—how to
avoid a certain consequence—and this, I take
it, is the sense in which the Bible says that
"the law is a schoolmaster to lead us to
Christ." I teach my boy a law of nature and
the consequence of its violation. In teaching
him this have I punished him? No. I have
informed him how he may avoid suffering.
So, when we declare what will be tbe legal
consequence if a majority of a Legislature
shall vote for a candidate known to be dis-
qualified, we are not denouncing punishment,
but informing all Legislatures in advance as
to the consequence of an unconstitutional pro-
ceeding. We merely say to them that a vote
cast in the face of the Constitution is in legal
effect 110 vote, a blank, a consent that those
who vote in conformity with the Constitution
shall make an election.
But, sir, the Senator is not only astray in
regard to general principles, but equally so
in regard to the cases. No such distinction
exists. One of the leading eases, that of
Taylor vs. The Mayor of Bath, (14 East, 599,)
was an election of common couticilmen by the
mayor and aldermen, who were voting in a
representative capacity. In the case of King
vs. Blissell, (Haywood on Elections, 533,) the
election was made, by mayor and aldermen, of
aldermen to fill vacancies. In Oldknow vs.
Wainwright, (2 Burr, 1017,) the election was
ef a town clerk by the mayor, aldermen, and
council. In Ciaridge vs. Evelyn, (5 B. and A.,
81,) the election was of a clerk by tbe com-,
missioners of a court of requests established
by an act of Parliament. Ciaridge and Crow
were candidates. Crow received eighty-seven
votes and Clatidge forty-four. The disquali-
fication of Crow being known to the electors,
tbe court decided that Ciaridge was elected.
I refer the Senate to Angell and Ames on Cor-
porations, chapter four, section six, and the
cases there cited, to show tiiatsuch adistinction
does not exist. The directors of a bank elect-
ing cashier are acting in a representative
capacity; they represent the whole body of
stockholders. And so instances might be cited
without number to show that the distinction
sought to be established by th# Senator from
Ohio has no foundation. One of the cases in
the Massachusetts Legislature was an election
by the two houses in joint convention. (See
Cushing on Contested-Election Cases, page
499.) And so in Commonwealth vs. Reed, (2
Ashmead,) it was an election of treasurer by
