1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
the j oint Committee to Inquire into the Condition of
the late Insurrectionary States ten thousand extra
copies, of which thirty-five hundred shall be for the
use of theSenate, and sixty-five hundredfortheuse
of the House of Representatives; also fifteen hun-
dred extra copies of all the testimony taken by said
committee, of which five hundred copies shall be for
the use of t.hf; Senate, and one thousand for the use
of the House of Representatives.
HOUSK BITjL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1757) to relieve from
political disabilities certain persons in the
State of Georgia was read twice by its title,
and referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maine, late soldiers in the United States
Army, asking Congress to pass an act giving
to all soldiers, sailors, and marines, and to
the heirs of those who are deceased, $8 33J
per month for the entire time served, deduct-
ing therefrom all Government bounties here-
tofore received by them ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
instructing my colleague and myself to sustain
thePresident of the United States in his Indian
policy, and to vote against any measure the
the object of which is to open up the Indian
territory to white settlements in violation of
the pledges of the Government in the treaties
of I860 and 18G7. Inasmuch as this joint
resolution is one of general and public im-
portance, and-does not relate alone to our own
State, I ask that it may be read by the Secre-
tary, and printed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution relative to the Indians.
Beit resolved by the Senate arid House of Representa-
tives of the General Assembly of Iowa, That our Sen-
ators m Congress bo iustuetod and our Representa-
tives be requested to sustain the President of the
United States in his present policy for the manage-
ment of the various Indian tribes, and to vote
against any bill or resolution the object of which is
to open the country known as the Indian territory
for the introduction ot white or citizen settlement,
or for corporate or speculative purposos, the same
being in violation of the solemn pledges of the Gov-
crnmout of the United States, as set forth in its
treaties of 1806 and 1-S07 with the Cherokee, Creek,
Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Sominolenations, whorein
the Government purchased and received m trust
from said tribes the western half of said territory,
specifically for the lernoval toand settlem en t, (.herein
of the scattered tribes of Kansas, Nebraska, and
other States, and the uncivilized tribes of the plains,
providing fully in all tho treaties with the latter
migrating tribes that they should, on taking homes
in said Indian territory, be fully protected therein
from any further encroachment.
That inasmuch as the tribes occupying said terri-
tory and thoso removing thereto can have no pro-
vision lor homes ea->t, west, north, or south of the
same, it becomes an additional duty as well as pol-
icy of tho Government faithful}' to protect them in
this their final homo. -
JAMES WILSON,
Speaker of the Iioiac oj Representatives.
II. C. BATES,
„ President oj the Senate.
Approved February 24,1872.
_ C. C. CARPENTER.
I, Ed. W ^ht, secretary of State, hereby certify
that thefoiegoing is a true and correct copy of the
original joint resolution now on tile in this office.
ED. WRIGHT,
Secretary of State.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, ot Connecticut. I present
the petition of William Haven & Co., of New
London, Connecticut, in aid of the petition
of the board of underwriters and marine in-
surance companies in relation to the United
States hydrographic office, which they say is
not furnished with sufficient means to provide
shipping with charts and other hydrographic
information required, and they ask that a suf-
ficient appropriation be made to enable that
office to discharge its proper functions effi-
ciently for the purposes of the shipping of the
country. I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented a
petition of citizens of New Haven, Connecti-
cut, dealers in tea and coffee, praying that if
the law abolishing or reducing duties on tea
and coffee shall pass, at least ninety days'
time be granted before the same shall take
effect, so that all may be prepared alike to
meet the change; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Juniata county, Pennsylvania, remon?
strating against any change in the tariff laws
abating the duties on articles successfully pro-
duced in this country, urged by the Free-Trade
League, and praying the repeal of all duties
on tea, coffee, and such other articles as can-
not be produced in the United States, and also
such an adjustment of duties as will encour-
age and defend every home industry and fos-
ter the honor and interest of the American
laborer; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Chester county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against any change in the tariff laws abating
the duties on articles successfully produced
in this country, and praying the repeal of all
duties on tea and coffee and other articles
that cannot be produced in the United States;
which was referred to the  Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present two memo-
rials of citizens of Michigan, protesting against
the passage of the so-called Chicago relief
bill, which I will read for the information of
the Senate:
To the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States:
The undersigned, citizens of the State of Michi-
gan, respectfully protest against the passage of the
so-called Chicago relief bill, now pending before
Congress, so far, at least, as it provides for a remis-
sion of duties upon lumber.
And in support of this protest, your petitioners
observe: first, that the timber-owners of Michigan
and Wisconsin, where the great bulk of home man-
ufacture is produced, have been very great losers by
the forest fires that prevailed so extensively in those
States during the past fall; that immense tracts of
pine have been devastated, to their loss of at least
$15,000,000, and that by the passage of the proposed
bill, these already heavy sufferers are to be made
the heaviest involuntary contributors toward the
rebuilding. of Chicago ; second, that duringthe pres-
ent season the lumbermen of Michigan and Wiscon-
sin havo contracted for nearly double the usual quan-
tity of logs to be converted into lumber, having been
forced to do so in consequence of the extensive fires,
to save as much of the burnt timber as possible, a.s
much of it will beworthless another year; that they
have entered into their contracts, involving the in-
vestment of many millions of dollars, upon the faith
of the protection atthe time offered by existing legis-
lation, and in anticipation of no such risk as they
are now threatened with in the competition of
foreign lumber, a contingency the happening of
which mustunavoidably subjectthem to serious loss;
third, the excessively large quantities of lumber
which will necessarily be thrown upon the market
in consequence of the reasons given, will insure to
purchasers lower prices than have been known for
several years past, and possible loss to the manufac-
turers; adding thereto lumber from Canada free
of duty, which can be produced, because of cheap
labor and supplies, at less cost than in Michigan,
will inercaso our misfortune, and benefit only the
foreign producer; fourth, that the damage which
must, by the withdrawal of present protection with-
out notice or warning, necessarily fall upon the home
lumber interests, will likewise involve and endanger
all other home interests in this State, their depend-
ence upon the torruer being of the most immediate
and vital character; fifth, that the proposed legis-
lation is unwise, partial, and unjust; that it invites
fraudulent speculation, to the serious detriment of
our greatest industries.
I move the reference of these memorials to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented three petitions
of late _ soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served in the war of the rebellion, praying
that they be granted a bounty of $8 33J per
month, deducting therefrom all bounties pre-
viously paid to them ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, asking that addi-
tional time be extended to the preemptors of
public lands in which to pay for the same;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lit? Lands,
He also presented four petitions of sailors,
soldiers, and marines who served in the war
of the rebellion, praying thatthey begranted a
bounty of $8 33^ per month, deducting there-
from all bounties previously paid to them;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, asking that addi-
tional time be extended to the preemptors of
public lands, in which to pay for the same;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. OSBORN. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Concord, Florida, who ask for a change
in a certain mail route in order that the in-
habitants may be better accommodated. I
move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is a change
iu an existing mail route that is asked for, the
petition should be referred to the Post Office
Department; but if it is to establish a new
route, then, by the Constitution, it must be
established by Congress.
Mr. OSBORN. As it is in the form of a
petition to Congress, I present it here.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES,
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 710) to refund certain duties paid by the
Winona an4 St. Peter's Railroad Cornpauy,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
My. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
petitions, reporteel adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharge!} from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to:
The petition of Andrew J. Myers, company
G, one hundred and eighteenth regiment New
York volunteers, for extension of time in which
to apply for pension;
The petition of J. H. La Bounty, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension ;
The petition of Daniel Wells, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension ;
The petition of Lucy Renell, of New York,
praying a pension for services rendered by
her son while in the Army ;
The petition of Lawrence Potter, company
B, one hundred and eighteenth' regiment New
York volunteers, for extension of the time
fixed by law in which to apply for pension ;
The petition of Joseph Detour, praying to
be allowed arrears of pension ;
Tho petition of Jane Danforth, praying to
be allowed arrears of pension ;
The petition of Elizabeth McNorton, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension ;
The petition of Gilbert Chamberlain, pray-
ing to be- allowed a pension ; and
The petition of Louis Lamore^u, praying
to be allowed a pension on account of ser-
vices rendered by his son during t]}e late war.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom were referred
aresolution of the Machinists' and Blacksmiths'
Union No. 5, of Evansville, Indiana, and a
resolution of the Machinists' and Blacksmiths'
Benevolent Association, of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, in favor of the passage of a bill to create
a commission on labor, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Lewis Wieser,
praying the erection of a bureau in the Depart-
ment of the Interior, in connection with the
Patent Office, to be known as the Bureau of
Industry, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He^ also, from the same committee, who
were instructed by a resolution of the Senate
to inquire into the expediency of an amend-
ment to the Constitution requiring an educa-
tional test for exercising tlie right of suffrage,
