1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 472) to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," passed August 18, 1856,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 709) making an
appropriation for the erection of a custom-
house and post office at Shreveport, Louisiana,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 141G)
for the relief of Albert W. Gray, reported it
adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said : I ask
the Senate to reconsider the indefinite post-
ponement of House bill No. 1410, for the re-
lief of Albert W. Gray, just reported, and to
recommit it to the Committee on Patents. It
has been once, I believe, favorably reported,
and I think the committee have labored under
a misapprehension about it, and with the con-
sent of the Senator reporting it I make that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the indefinite postponement of the
bill will be regarded as reconsidered, and the
bill itself recommitted to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (LI.
R. No. 1514) allowing respondents in crim-
inal cases in courts of the United States to
testify in their own behalf, have instructed me
to report it adversely and with a recommend-
ation that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want that bill to go on
the Calendar. I want the sense of the Senate
on that bill
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say, in reference
to that matter, that I suppose if the alleged
criminal wants to make a statement in refer-
ence to himself he can do it now; but to
allow him to testify as a witness in his own
behalf was thought by the Committee on the
Judiciary to be improper. The bill goes on
the Calendar, I suppose.
Mr. HAMLIN. ] supposed that was the
intention of the committee from the report. I
had no doubt about that. I only want to say
that in the States where that rule has been
adopted men of the highest judicial character,
I think, gave it a uniform support. It lias
been found in my State, 1 know, to meet the
approval of the judges of our highest courts
uniformly,
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Senator
will permit me to say that in my own State we
did enact a law similar to the bill which has
just been reported against, and after a trial
tor two years it was found to work so badly
that upon the recommendation both of the
judges and of the profession generally it was
repealed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am afraid they have
worse people in Connecticut, then, than we
have in Maine. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make a single
statement in connection with that bill. T have"
received letters from two district attorneys of
the United States in southern States protest-
ing against the passage of that bill, upon the
ground that it would enable a certain class of
offenders who are on trial down there to have
great advantages, and perhaps result in their
acquittal.
4 2d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 81.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make another
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill reported
adversely will go on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 106) for the relief of purchasers of
lands sold for direct taxes in the insurrec-
tionary States, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment. The bill has
once passed the Senate and also the House at
a former session, but went to the President
so late that be had not time to examine it,
and it was not therefore approved, and tbe
bill for that reason was lost. Ithas nowpassed
the House of Representatives a little different
from the form in which it passed the Senate
before. We have recommended an amend-
ment, to strike out the alteration made by the
House and to repass it in the same shape in
which it before passed the Senate. If there
be no objection, I hope it will be put oh its
passage.
The bill was read.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was in section two, lines four
and five, to strike out the words "court of
competent jurisdiction," and insert " United
States court."
Mr. JOHNSTON. That is a very important
bill, and I object to its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Objection is
made to the present consideration of the bill,
and it will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (II. It. No.
1030) to regulate elections in Washington and
Idaho Territories, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, and with a request
that it be acted on immediately.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that that bill go
over. I desire to propose an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it now. It
must therefore go on the Calendar.
Mr. NYE. 1 wish the Senator would lot it
pass.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Sena-
tor that it was agreed by the Delegate of
Washington Territory in the House that the
bill should not apply to the coming fall elec-
tion, and I desire to prepare an amendment
in accordance therewith.
Mr. NYE. Very well; I will withdraw the
report and make it to-morrow.
TAX ON CANNED FRUITS, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1760) explanatory of the
internal revenue act of June 30, 1864, as
amended by the act of July 13, 1860, in rela-
tion to sirups, jellies, mustards, sauces, and
canned and preserved fruits, vegetables, and
meats, enumerated and taxed in schedule C
of said act, and acts amendatory thereof, to
report it back with amendments. This bill
relates to a small tax about which there is a
controversy as to the construction of the pre-
vious act, and there is occasion for it? speedy
passage. It will take but a moment, and 1 hope
tbe Senate will take it up and p*ass it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It recites in the preamble that
it was the intent and meaning of the act of
July 14, 1870, to remove the tax from all the
articles named in the following paragraph in
schedule C:
'Tor and upon every can, bottle, or other single
package, containing meaN, fish, shell-fish, fruits,
vegetables, sauces, sirups, prepared mustards, jams
and jellies, contained therein, and packaged or
sealed, inadc, prepared, anil sold, or offered for sale,
or removed for consumption in the United States,
on and after the first day of Oclobcr, 18GG, when such
can, bottle, or other single package, with its con-
tents. shall not exceed two pounds in weight, the
sum of one cent. When such can, bottle, or other
single package, with its contents, shall exceed two
pounds in weight, for every additional pound or
fractional part thereof, one cent."
The bill therefore enacts that after its pas-
sage so much of schedule G as relates to
sauces, sirups, mustards, jellies, and jams,
and such other articles in the paragraph not
heretofore repealed, be repealed.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with amendments. The first amendment was
after the words " schedule C," in tho second
line of the bill, to strike out the words "a?
relates to sauces, sirups, mustards, jellies, and
jams, and such other articles in said para-
graph not heretofore repealed," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words " of the internal rev-
enue acts as imposes a tax on any can, bottle,
or other single package containing meats, fish,
shell-fish, fruits, vegetables, sirups, prepared
mustards, jams, or jellies."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
preamble to the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and thg amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read: "An act
to repeal the paragraphs of schedule C of the
internal revenue acts imposing taxes on canned
meats, fish, and certain other articles."
JOSEPH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 804) granting a pension to Joseph Mont-
gomery, have instructed me to report it favor-
ably with an amendment, and 1 ask to put it
on its passage now as a saving of time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides lor placing on tbe pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Joseph Montgomery,
late a private in company F, fifteenth regi-
ment Iowa volunteers, and for paying him a
pension from the 10th clay of July, 1805.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Pensions was to strike out the words "and
to pay him a pension from the 10th day of July,
1865.'"
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and tho amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. Tho
bill was read the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH KENYON.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by tha
same committee, to whom was referred -the
bill (H. R. No. 893) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Kenyon, who is a dependent mother,
to report it favorably with two amendments,
which I also ask to have passed at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Comui ittee ol the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 893) granting-a pen-
sion to Elizabeth Kenyon. It proposes to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Elizabeth Kenyon, mother of
John T. Kenyon, late a private in company
A, first regiment Rhode Island cavalry, and
to pay her a pension from the 28th day of
September, 1863, during her widowhood.
The amendments of the Committee on Pen-
sions were in line six, after "Elizabeth Ken-
yon," to insert theword " dependent," and to
strike out the words '' and to pay her a pension
from the 28th day of September, 1863, during
her widowhood."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed, and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
nassed.
