1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3073
fto the country and fosters or tolerates abuses
^.that should no longer be borne, it is both the
Iright and the duty of the people to change
I;the Administration.
(. ' No scheme devised by Congress can effect
BJie desired reform. The power to do this is
;rtot vested in Congress, nor can Congress
| transfer the powers given by the Constitution
I to the President to a civil service commission
%0i board of examiners.
Whether such a commission is or is not
f- maintained, the ultimate power and responsi-
bility under the Constitution rest upon the
executive department of the Government. No
plan for the regulation of the civil service can
f: succeed that confounds the functions and du-
ties of the several departments of the Gov-
ernment.
I am fully convinced that no system of civil
service that looks to the creation of a privi-
leged class from which selections alone are to
be made, or that ignores entirely the influence
of popular elections, is likely to succeed in a
republican Government like ours. Still it is
possible, and good government requires that
such influences should be subordinated to the
demands of a pure and faithful public service.
If appointments to places of trust must be
made from the members of the dominant
party, let us have the best and not the worst
class of that party. Let us have men who
have a robust conscience, impressed with a
sense of duty to the country, and not those
who make merchandise of their political opin-
ions and influence for gain, men who, when
commissioned to office, regard their commis-
sions as keys to the Treasury, and whose
activity and zeal in politics are stimulated
alone by the love of plunder.
I believe there are honest men enough in
any party in this country to fill all the offices.
And when fidelity and honesty are placed above
mere party service, and corruption and unfaith-
fulness are made odious by putting under the
ban of the Administration and of public opin-
ion, we shall then have not the worst but the
best men in the service of the Government. Itis
the privilege of the people to pass upon the con-
duct of their servants, and if they have been
unfaithful to the trust committed to them to
change by their own act their officers. This
is the chief feature that distinguishes a repub-
lic from an hereditary monarchy. While I
declare my firm conviction that no means short
of this will work any real or permanent reform,
I am at the same time willing to vote for any
measure that offers the slightest ground to hope
for any improvement. It would be a matter
of surprise if it were not too transparent to
witness on the one hand the indorsement of
the plan of reform reported by the commis-
sion appointed under the act of 1870 by the
President, accompanied with the most solemn
pledges by him to put the rules recommended
by the commission in force on the 1st day of
January last, and also recommending an ap-
propriation to continue this commission for
another year at least, and on the other the
warm and zealous opposition to this same
plan, and the proposed appropriation in aid
of it on the part of the boldest and most
devoted friends of the Administration. It is
very obvious, too, that this opposition to the
recommendation of the President on the part
of his special friends fails to excite any dis-
pleasure on his part to those friends who labor
to defeat a system of reform which he has rec-
ommended to Congress as worthy of their
support.
Besides all this, it turns out that these rules
so recommended, and which the President
promised in hia special message to put in
force, have not been in fact executed, and the
order for putting them in force about the 1st of
January last was very soon after that revoked
and the rules suspended, and the same plan
of appointment is still pursued that existed
before the rules of the civil service commis-
sion were adopted. These facts suggest to
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 193.
the mind, with irresistible force, the suspicion
that there does not exist on the- part of the
President a serious or earnest purpose to
change the mode of appointment or to inaug-
urate any real reform. In this he is justified
if it be true, as some of his political friends
upon this floor have declared, that civil service
reform "is a humbug," or, as others insist,
that the condition of that service is so satis-
factory that there is no necessity for a change.
If, as is estimated, one fourth of the rev-
enues of the country is lost to the Treasury
through the failure of the agents of the Gov-
ernment to perform the duties assigned them
by law, the country will hardly agree with
those who regard all attempts at reform as a
humbug, or who thiuk the country has no
rigbt to demand a better system and practice
than that which inflicts such laws upon the
overburdened tax-payers of the country.
The President has recently renewed his
pledge to enforce the rules recommended by
the advisory board, but such a promise, made
on the eve of a presidential election, after
more than three years of the most alarming
and reckless abuses, will not command the
confidence of the people or be accepted as
sincere.
The question of reform and of an econom-
ical administration of the Government is soon
to be submitted to the great tribunal of the
nation, the enlightened judgment of the Amer-
ican people. They must and will decide for
themselves whether they will have reform in
the civil service as well as in the entire ad-
ministration. This is the ultimate and only
effective remedy for all existing abuses in the
administration of the Government. With their
verdict I shall be content.
Mr. GRIFFITH. I now yield for a moment
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Habpek.]
CIVIL RIGHTS BILL.
Mr. HARPER. I have prepared some
remarks upon the subject of the civil rights
bill, which I ask leave to have printed in the
Globe.
No objection was made; and leave was
granted accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr. GRIFFITH then addressed the House
on the subject of the tariff. [His remarks will
appear in the Appendix.]
WAK CLAIMS.
Mr. COMINGO. Mr. Speaker, I desire,
to-day, to call the attention of the Represent-
atives of the people to some of the rights of
the latter against the Government.
Governments are said to be the most merci-
less of all creditors. It may with equal truth
be said they are the most unjust of all debtors.
They are but corporations, which are proverb-
ially soulless. The history of the past verifies
the maxim just quoted, and the experience of
many warrants the further reproach I have
added. Who does not know that Governments
always exact of their subjects the utmost
farthing? Who does not know, as well, that
when the subject becomes a claimant he is at
the mercy of his soulless debtor, and as a sup-
pliant must pray, and often pray in vain, for
that which is justly and unquestionably due
him?
I would not, I presume, be exposed to the
risk of successful contradiction were I to state
that at every session of Congress during the
last ten years, or for a longer term, meritorious
claimants, against whom even prejudice itself
could not breathe a suspicion, have stood at
the feet of Congress and have humbly and
anxiously surrounded the doors of its com-
mittee-rooms and earnestly but timidly prayed
for relief, which has been as mercilessly re-
fused or withheld, not that there was a doubt
as to the truth of the testimony in support of
their demands, nor that it could be denied
that these citizens have been wronged if not
outraged, but because the precedents might
be dangerous, or because it was not the pleas-
ure of Congressto then consider and settle the
questions involved.
This proposition cannot be successfully con-
troverted. Claimants who have for nearly ten
years been knocking at the door of Congress
urging the payment of their demands have,
during the present session, and on the same
testimony that was filed with their claims
when first presented, succeeded in part in their
efforts to secure their manifest dues; suc-
ceeded, after years of anxiety and toil, and
after incurring most extraordinary expenses,
in getting bills passed providing for the pay-
ment of a part of the value of the property
appropriated or destroyed by the Government
or its agents, but without interest for any part.
of the long period they have been compelled
to await the meager award. What would be
said or thought of the man who would if he
could thus treat his fellow-man? What words
of condemnation would be uttered against the
citizen that would not apply with equal force
to the Government? The following extract
from the pen of one of the fairest and most
fearless and spicy journalists of the day is so
forcible and appropriate that I with pleasure
incorporate it as a part of my remarks on this
subject:
" The bill to appropriate $25,000 to Dr. j. Milton
Best for his property destroyed by the Union forces
was taken up, and, after discussion, passed. The
objection to its passage, as stated by Mr. Sumnkb,
was that it might be just in itself, but its passage
would unlock the doors of the Treasury to a wholo
host of claims not so meritorious. It must have re-
quired the exertion of an amount of intellectual
vigor inconceivable to the ordinary mind for the
Senator from Massachusetts to arrive at the conclu-
sion that the payment of a just claim would estab-
lish a precedent for the payment of unjust ones.
The Bay State, as it is called, where they havo Ply-
mouth rock the natural way, and everybody's
ancestors came over in the Mayflower, did not know
what it was about when it parted, even temporarily,
with a logician of such portentous penetration. If
this doctrine could be so formulated as to be made
available as a plea in bar in tbe ease of private
debts, the Senator might make his fortune in the
courts of common pleas of Massachusetts.
"By the way, itis very apt to occur to the disin-
terested observer of capitolean phenomena, that the
payment of a claim against the United States is re-
garded in Congress rather as a thing of favor than
of obligation; in other words, that it is entirely a
matter of legislative discretion whether it is paid or
repudiated. Of course the bonded debt is different.
Here the national honor is implicated. We cannot
think of our paper in the hands of English and
Dutch millionaires without exalted feelings of re-
spect—for the millionaires. We cannot speak of
our signed and sealed obligations without going into
spasms of patriotism, wherein tho spread eagle is
brought out and flourished, and the ritual appro-
priate to the occasion recited. But when the case
comes up of a poor devil whose cow, pigs, and half
dozen sheep made sudden disappearance down the
throats of a regiment of military prestidigitators,
and whose homestead was burned over the heads
of his wife and children as a playful finale to the
entertainment, no indigent relative meets with a
more frigid reception. If he has not the means to
pay for having the legislative machinery set at
work in his behalf, he had_ better hang no hopes
upon the'justice of an American Congress.
"This may be natural in cases where the liquidation
of olaims is committed to a legislative body, but it
is not just. A nation which refuses to comply with
rules in regard to the adjustment and discharge of
its obligations like those to which it compels private
persons to conform makes proclamation of its own
injustice. Why is it that there is no"stated tribunal
to which claimants against tho Government may
apply upon terms that arc common to all? It may
be said, "it is said, that the reason why this is not
permitted is because if all the just demands were
allowed the country would be shown to be insolvent;
that the aggregate would appear too enormous tfO
admit of tho hope of its extinguishment. This may
be true, but if so, it affords no reason for the contin-
ual disgraceful, heart-breaking barbarism that is
practiced by men who profess to be wise, faithful,
and impartial representatives of the people."
These views are alike honorable to the mind,
heart, and aims of their author.
During the fearful civil war through which
our country recently passed the number of
private claims which, according to every prin-
ciple of justice, should be paid by the Govern-
ment, increased to a very great extent. For
the purpose of providing for the payment of
a part of these claims, I, on the 5t.h day of
February last, introduced tbe following bill,
