334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
Ho. of Reps,
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Holman.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
elector who votes for a person disqualified, believing
him to be qualified. The vote in such a case, though
unavailing, is not rejected from the count."
That is where they have no knowledge of
disqualification.
"The only remedy which we can see for an election
carried on through misapprehension from such well-
founded causes is to set it wholly aside and'open
the way to a new choice; but in our view of the
case there is no occasion to consider what ought to
be done upon such a state of facts."
The distinction between votes cast with
knowledge or in ignorance, of the disquali-
fications of the candidate voted for is clearly
inferable from the report in Yulee's case.
They s'iy if the Legislature vote under a mis-
apprehension the election ought to be set
aside. It was pressed strongly upon the com-
mittee that this ease fell within the equity of
that rule, because, as it wag said, the Legis-
lature hoped that Congress would remove
Vance's disabilities. But the misapprehen-
sion which the report in Yulee's ease speaks
of is a misapprehension about the existence
of the law at the time of the election. If the
Legislature of North Carolina had supposed,
being misled by a telegram, for instance, that
an act of Congress had passed removing the
disabilities of Vance, then the case would have
been like that supposed by the committee in
Yulee's case; the Legislature would have been
under a misapprehension as to what the law
was in regard to him, would have supposed
that, we had removed his disqualifications when
we had not, and that would have brought the
case within the equity of the Yulee report;
but no such thing is pretended.
The case of Thomas, of Maryland, was cited
by the honorable Senator. He was not dis-
qualified at all, so far as we know, and offered
to take the test-oath. There cannot be much
in that case, therefore.
Then the Senator referred to Bailey's case
in the House of Representatives during Mon-
roe's administration, and said:
"He was elected a member of the House from
Massachusetts. His election was contested on the
ground that he w;is not an inhabitant of Massachu-
fcetts. but an inhabitant of the Districtof Columbia.
The House decided that he was an inhabitant of the
District ot Columbia, and not of Massachusetts, and
therefore his election was void. _ Mark it, there was
a ease in which he was not eligible to election, for
unless he was an inhabitant of Massachusetts the
Constitution expresfiiv said he should not be elect-
ed ; for it says that a Representative must be an in-
habitant of the State from which he is elected at
the time ot'the election, and therefore Mr. Bailey's
ineligibility to election. Did anybody pretend in
that case that the minority man was elected t"
Certainly not. There was no ground for
any one to pretend any such thing. Even
John Quiney Adan.s, who was then Secretary
of State, and whose clerk Bailey was, testified
before the committee that he believed Bailey
was qualified; and, of course, if he believed
that, other electors might well be supposed to
believe it. The disqualification was in respect
of domicile, which is one of the most difficult
questions that can arise, always involving fact
as well as law. The House held him to be
a resident of the District of Columbia; but
John Quiney Adams, a voter in the district
from which Bailey was elected, testified that
he supposed be was still a resident of Massa-
chusetts. My friend from New York reminds
me that there was a dissenting report and
division in the House on the very question of
his residence; so that the House were not
clear upon that question.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate
longer than I intended. I have not attempted
to reply to every proposition put forth by the
Senator from Ohio, but have sought to answer
bis argument by attacking the main proposi-
tions upon which it rests. I have examined
the frame-work of his speech, and have en-
deavored to show its unsoundness.
The indications are too numerous to be
Overlooked that the Seaate -will deny Mr.
Abbott's claim. Nevertheless, I have felt that
I had a duty to perform in relation to it, and
in iny feeble way I have performed it. Now,
whatever may be the action of the Senate, I
shall have nothing with which to reproach
myself. I am as thoroughly convinced as I
ever was in regard to any legal proposition,
that Abbott is entitled to his seat, and I shall
vote accordingly, even if compelled to vote
alone.
Civil Service Reform.
REMARKS OF HON. W. S. HOLMAN,
op indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
April 18, 1872.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. E. No. 787) to preserve the independence of the
several departments of the Government—
Mr. HOLMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: The remarks I propose to
submit to the House will not be confined to
the pending bill. I am in favor of its general
features and purposes, as I am of every meas-
ure, the tendency of which will be to reform
abuses now existing in the administration of
our affairs. We cannot ignore the imperative
necessity for reform ; we cannot shut our eyes
to the painful fact that venality riots in every
Department of the Government. Govern-
ments which rest on material power may be
indifferent to the integrity of their agents; but
public virtue is the foundation of a republic,
and for this reason, and because the people
only can effectually reform abuses in their
Government, the founders of the Republic
saw the necessity for universal intelligence,
that abuses might be detected and the remedy
applied. A republic cannot long exist unless
there is purity and honesty in the conduct of
its affairs.
When the great powers of Government, de-
signed only to promote the welfare of the
whole people, are' prostituted to individual
aggrandizement, that the few may amass for-
tunes at the expense of the general industry,
when the agents of the people in the vicious
struggle for wealth and power have lost sight
of the public good, and public office is sought
as an avenue to corrupt and dishonest gain,
reform, thorough and complete, is the only
path of safety.
In the main our Government has been ex-
ceedingly fortunate. Until the present period
the wealth of the country had slowly increased.
Its wealth increasing through natural causes,
as the legitimate result of industry, had been
diffused among the whole people. The Gov-
ernment had set up no artificial agencies to
any material extent to foster enterprises and
monopolies destructive of the just equality of
a free people. With the slow development
of the wealth of the country, and the devel-
opment of its resources by individual agencies
aud untrammeled industry, the foundations of
just government had been securely laid, and
the American people could boast of a plain,
simple, and frugal Government, with venality
in office almost unknown. These past years
of our history have in the main been more
fortunate in all respects, as affecting so great a
body of people, than in any other instance in
the annals of our race.
But the events, and above all the policy of
this period, have changed the current of our
history in the development of the tendency to
employ the powers of Government for indi-
vidual aggrandizement, not only through sub-
sidies aud monopolies and class legislation,
but through the direct employment of the rev-
enues of Government. This tendency is steady
and uninterrupted. I think it is an inherent
evil in all government. In a republic it must
be vigilantly resisted ; but of late years the
policy has been, even in your legislation, to
give vitality and vigor to those causes which,
stimulating venality in public affairs, under-
mine the public virtue. Hence the presence
and power of the lobby in the.-'e Halls, So,
sir, we have reached a period in our history
when it becomes manifest that the work of
reform must be entered upon earnestly and
honestly if the flood-gates of public corrup-
tion are ever to be shut. And this requires
not only that you shall compel an honest ad-
ministration of affairs and a system by which
men shall be appointed to office because they
are competent and honest, and not for mere
partisan services, but it requires a remorseless
reduction of executive patronage and of the
revenues and expenditures of the Govern-
ment; for these enormous revenues and ex-
penditures are the hot-beds of corruption.
The Secretary of the Treasury estimates the
revenues of the present fiscal year at $365,-
198.374 60. (Secretary's report for 1871, pages
6 and 7.) This vast sum of money, nearly
equal to one half of the entire currency of the
country, is to be gathered in and disbursed
during the current year. The vastness of the
amount not only suggests, but opens up innu-
merable facilities for corrupting the officers of
the Government. It is impossible to estimate
the political power resulting from the control
of so vast a revenue. Here rests the cor-
rupting power of executive patronage—sixty
thousand employes in the civil service of the
Government depending on the President of
the United States for their tenure of office,
with over one hundred and twenty million
dollars to be expended annually in the
current disbursements of Government, inde-
pendent of the interest and payments on the
public debt, sinking fund, and pension?; with
the certainty that deficiency bills will re-
ceive at the hands of Congress ready assent: '
with an almost indefinite number of special
agents employed by the Treasury Department,
the Post Office Department, and Interior
Department, with ample salaries aud traveling
at the public expense; with a body of grpat
corporations controlling the finances of the
country and a large portion of the lands left
open for settlement, deriving their franchises
from the party in power and greatly dependent
for the tenure of those franchises on its per-
petuation in power—these are some of the
elements that gather around an Administra-
tion seeking to retain control of the Govern-
ment in a contest in which, under the Consti-
tution, the will of a free people is intended to
be expressed.
The far-reaching wisdom of the founders of
the Republic failed to anticipate the ultimate
power of executive patronage. On the 4th
day of May, 1826, a select committee of the
Senate on "executive patronage," of which
Mr. Macon, of Georgia, one of the purest
patriots of his time, Mr. Benton, of Missouri,
Mr. White, of Tennessee, and others, were
members, made their report to the Senate, in
which these passages occur:
"The patronageof theFederal Government at the
beginning was founded upon a mvenue of $2,000,000.
It is now operating upon $22,000,000: and within the
life-time of many now living must operate on
$o0,000,000.
In coming to tho conclusion that executive
patronage ought to be diminished and regulated on
tae plan proposed, the committee rest their opinion
on the ground that the exercise of great patronage
m the hands of one m:in has a constant tendency to
sully the purity ot our institutions and to endanger
the liberties of the country. This doctrine is not
new. A jealousy of power and of the influence of
patronage, which must always accompany its exer-
eise, has ever been a distinguished teature in the
American character. It displayed itself at the
period of the formation and ot the adoption of the
Federal Constitution.
"But the committee cannot imfgine that the jeal-
ous foresight of the time, great as it was, or that any
human sagacity could have foreseen and placed a
complete guard upon every possible avenue to the
