3970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
and it was only to pay sixteen cents, and they
went into the business, but under the-ruling
of the internal revenue department they had
to pay thirty-two cents, and for a violation of
that law were fined $12,000 most unjustly, for
they acted innocently, but lex ita scripta est.
This was the law written, no doubt properly
construed at the internal revenue depart-
ment, yet operating most unjustly on these
gentlemen, who did not desire to commit any
fraud.
The PRESIDING OFFCER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. CORBETT. I was inclined to favor a
uniform tax, but the statements made by the
Senatorfrom Iowa upon that point ofthe neces-
sity of stability in this tax are very important.
I know that upon the Pacific coast they are
obliged to lay in large stocks of tobacco. They
purchase very largely and they hold very large
stocks of tobacco. Now, if we are going to
change this law continually, if they have this
tobacco on hand at a high rate, and then the
tax is reduced on one'kind and put up on
another, it will be seen that it involves very
great loss to dealers in tobacco.
My experience in business is that the people
wish to know what the law is and to have it
uniform. I believe it is also the same in regard
to imports, that if you fix the law and main-
tain the law for live years the people will be
satisfied ; but if you change it this Congress,
and then change it the next Congress, it con-
stantly involves losses. Ifj'ou reduce the tax
five per cent, on an article imported, the con-
sumer does notgetvery much advantage, while
the importer disposes of his stock without any
profit to himself. He says, ''1 can pay five
per cent, less next year, and consequently I
may sell this year without a profit." There-
fore his business is lost to a great extent.
It is so with regard to tobacco. If the deal-
ers have a large amount of tobacco on hand,
and you reduce the tax to twenty cents or
twenty four cents on which they paid thirty-
two cents, of course on the amount of stock
they have on hand they must lose the differ-
ence. I hope that if there are to be changes
made, such a change will be made as will not
involve another alteration at the next session
of Congress. I think it is better to keep the
tax at the present rate until you can reduce it
to such a rate that the tax will be fixed and
stable; and for that reason it seems to me it
is hardly worth while just at this time to make
this change. I think it would be quite as well
to keep the tax where it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
words " fine-cut shorts," for the purpose of
stating one or two facts. The act now in force
in regard to tobacco was passed after the most
careful consideration, and after several years'
experience with tobacco. I will call the
attention of Senators to the present law. It
provides—
" On all chewing tobacco, fine-cut, plug, or twist;
on all tobacco twisted by hand, or reduced from leaf
into a condition to be consumed, or otherwise pre-
pared, without the use of any machine or instru-
ment, and without being pressed or sweetened; and
on all other kinds of manufactured tobacco, not
herein otherwise provided for, a tax of thirty-two
oouta per pound."
That includes the higher grades. Then there
is a second class which was intended only to
include refuse:
"On all smoking tobacco exclusively of stems, or
of leaf, with all the stems in and so sold, the leaf
not having been previously stripped, butted, or
rolled, and from which no part of the stems have
been separated by sifting, stripping, dressing, or in
any other manner, either before, during,or after the
process of manufacturing."
Then come these fatal words that have led
to this controversy, in my judgment:
"On all fine-cut shorts, the refuse of fine-cut
chewing tobacco, which has passed through a riddle
of thirty.rsix meshes to the sauare inch by proeess of
sifting; and on all refuse scraps and sweepings of
tobacco, a tax of sixteen cents per pound."
It is manifest on the face of this law that it
was the intention of Congress to tax the higher
grade of tobacco thirty-two cents, and the
lower and refuse grade, stems, at sixteen cents.
Now, the fact is that about ninety per cent,
of tobacco made as smoking tobacco is of
the kind mentioned by the Senator from Illi-
nois. It is made exclusively of stems or a
Utile leaf mixed with stems and granulated.
Specimens were produced. Plug men take out
the stem, press the leaf, and sell the stems to
the smoking men, who cut them up. It is only
worth one cent a pound in that form ; and they
sell it and it is Cut up and made into cheap
smoking tobacco. The trouble is this: that
about ten per cent, of this smoking tobacco is
made of what they call fine-cut, the very best
kind of tobacco that goes in the sixteen-cent
gradation, and there was the wrong.
The object of the law as it stands is good,
and I believe the law could be so amended as
to exclude from the second classification the
fine-cut, leaving the sixteen cents applying
only to that kind of tobacco which is made
exclusively of stems or the leaf with all the
stems in of inferior grade. It seems to me
that is what ought to be done rather than to
upset the whole system. I tell you. Senators,
if you adopt this plan of raising the tax on
this cheap smoking tobacco from sixteen to
twenty-four cents, you will have at the next
session a complaint that will make itself heard
all over the country. Under a bill to reduce
taxes you propose to increase the tax on thirty
odd millions in this cheap form of tobacco
from sixteen to twenty-four cents. You now
have a complaint from the plug men, who
think they are unfairly dealt with. Upon that
point under this law the plug men have not
been unfairly dealt with. Here are the figures
furnished by the Commissioner, who no doubt
properly thinks it would be cheaper to collect
a uniform tax. The fact is, that in 1869, the
first year this law went into operation, there
were forty-four millions of plug tobacco and
twenty millions of smoking tobacco ; that is,
sixty-nine per cent, of plug and thirty-one per
cent, of smoking. In 1870 there were sixty-
eight per cent, of plug and thirty two of
smoking. In 1871 there were sixty-eight per
cent, of plug and thirty-two of smoking. The
proportion in the first portion of this year was
a little less. This shows that the quantity of
plug tobacco in proportion to that consumed
has not diminished, is almost exactly pari
passu, only varying one per cent. ; the ratio
being now two thirds plug and one third
smoking tobacco.
I do believe that if this clause is stricken
out the Committee on Finance, or the Com-
missioner himself, may make a second grade
of tobacco so as to exclude all this high-priced
fine-cut tobacco and let the tax stand at six-
teen cents on the cheapest form of smoking
tobacco, and then I do not think the plug men
will have any cause of complaint.
Mr. BAYARD. I am sorry that the chairman
of the committee has broken from that uni-
formity which I consider the principle that
recommended itself to me and caused me to
give my support to this proposition in the
committee as it does now in the Senate.
Congress has selected the product of tobacco
as one of the leading heads of taxation from
which to obtain revenue. Under the present
law there are such complications and such
varieties of taxes that the largest opportuni-
ties are given for fraud and perjury and
deception by persons interested in the traffic.
I am sure the Commissioner will sustain me
in the statement that it requires greater vigil-
ance on the part of the officers and a greater
number of officers to be employed to prevent
these evasions of the revenue in consequence
of the present complicated state of the law.
The idea of the law is not to make a distinc-
tion based on the question of the poverty or
wealth of the consumer; the law cannot accom-
modate itself entirely to that. The value of
the articles themselves will create always an
inequality; and it seems to be quite as hard to
give an inferior and distasteful article to a man
on acconnt of his poverty as it does to increase
his tax on account of his taste. Neither
would be his by choice; and the question is,
under this law, what will give most certainly
to the Government a reasonable amount of
revenue without too much expense and with-
out the demoralizing effects of the temptation
to fraud and perjury that I think the present
law is open to.
There is simplicity in the proposition of a
uniform tax and there is certainty, both of
which are essentials in wise legislation. For
that reason I am sorry that before this exper-
iment is made and fully made, as proposed by
the House of Representatives, for it has met
their sanction, and as approved by the com-
mittee—and 1 believe a majority of.the Senate
as at present constituted would favor that—
the chairman should now begin to break in
upon that uniformity which, as I say, has in it
the element of certainty and the element also
of economy. 1 trust, therefore, that the uni-
form tax on tobacco will be maintained.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The idea of the Senator
from Ohio seems to be that the tax should be
graded by the quality of the tobacco. If that
was undertaken to be carried our, then every
package of tobacco would have to be inspected ;
you would have to have inspectors in every
town and county in the United States, and a
horde of officers far greater than we now have
in the whole internal revenue department,
because in no other way, it seeins to me, could
the law be observed except by having officers
to inspect tobacco. They would have to be
expert men who knew all about it; and when
you consider the labor, the expense, and
trouble of inspecting every particle of tobacco
that is made m the United Slates, you see at
once that the idea of making the quality of
the tobacco the basis of the lax is impracti-
cable. The only mode in which you can effect
your proper purpose is to have a uniform tax
upon tobacco.
The Senator from Michigan says that there
has been no complaint. He has perhaps heard
none; but I have here the resolutions of the
Legislature of Virginia, passed unanimously by
all parties, setting forth the condition of tilings
then existing in the State, which is the largest
tobacco-growing State in the Union, and the
State where it constitutes the greatest poriion
of the business of the people. These resolu-
tions set out the fact that the whole State of
Virginia, on account of the onerous character
of the tax and on account of the delay in set-
tling the basis upon which it was to be here-
after imposed, was suffering from that condi-
tionofthings; that the manufacturers were suf-
fering, the farmers were suffering, because they
could not sell to the manufacturers, the labor-
ers were suffering because they could not be
employed in producing tobacco, and everybody
in the whole State ol Virginia united in the
complaint, and everybody was suffering from
the condition of things that then existed.
I think that the Senator from Illinois is
very much mistaken also in some of the facts
which lie stated. I see, upon looking at the
quotations of the prices of tobacco at Evans-
vilie, Indiana, the mart of the western tobacco
he speaks of, and the quotations at Lynch-
burg, Virginia, which is the principal tobacco
market of Virginia, and at which the finest
tobacco in the State is sold, the prices are
about the same. At Evansville lugs are
quoted at $6 70 to $7 55; good planters'
leaf, seven and a half to eight dollars ; com-
mon leaf, eight to nine dollars ; medium, nine
to ten dollars; good to fine, $10 25 to $13 50.
At Lynchburg the same sort of tobacco is
quoted at about the same price: good shipping
lugs, six to six dollars and a half, less than
the lugs of the West; fine lugs, seven to seven
dollars and a half; common working lugs,
six to seven dollars ; good lugs, seven to eight
dollars; and so on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
