1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
message proji the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the following bills:
The bill (H. R. No. 1260) to provide for the
admission of photographs for exhibition free
of duty; and
The bill (H. E. No. 1529) for the relief of
Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago,
Illinois.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 570) transferring certain pow-
ers and duties to the Department of Justice,
and providing a seal therefor;
A bill (S. No. 533) for the relief of Lucas,
O'Brien, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 615) to reimburse certain
soldiers for loss of clothing by fire at Chicago;
and
A bill (S. No. 644) amending the act
approved July 27, 1868, entitled "An act
relating to pensions."
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 475) to
authorize the sale of public property at IIoul-
ton, Maine, with an amendment; in which con-
currence was reauested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills, and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
An act (S. No. 392) to set apart a certain
tract of land lying near the headwaters of the
Yellowstone river as a public park ;
An act (S. No. 423) for the relief of Julia
A. Smith;
An act (S. No. 550) to constitute Shreve-
port, in the State of Louisiana, a port of de-
livery ;
An act (H. R. No. 213) to authorize the
issuing of a certificate of registry to the brig
Michael and Anna;
An act (H. 11. No. 1074) to provide for the
survey of the harbor and river at Washing-
ton, District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1333) to amend section
thirty-five of an act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1417) for the relief of
George W. Morse.
register to uuiq isadore.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1669) authorizing an American register to
the British brig Isadore, owned by Edwin M.
Fowle, of Newton, Massachusetts, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage. I ask for
its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If there is a
report in that case, I should like to hear it.
Mr. SPENCER. There is a letterfrom the
Secretary of the Treasury. I do not think there
can be any objection to the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Let the letter be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., February 8,1872.
Sib: I have tho honor to acknowledge receipt of
your letter of the 1st instant, transmitting certain
papers asking Congress for authority to issue Amer-
ican register to the British brig Isadore, with the
request that I will furnish your committee with the
facta in my possession, together with any suggestions
as to the propriety of granting American lcgUtry to
this vessel under a new n:nne.
Xraply, thatthestatement submitted by tjie papers
in the case shows that this vessel is of American
build, but was placed under the British flag, then
under the Ilaytien, then again under the British,
which flag she still hoists. Her present owner is
Edwin M. Fowle, of Boston, an American citizen,
who has twice had her extensively repaired in this
country.
The collector of the port of Boston reports that
Mr. Fowle has in his possession and produced the
protest of the master, the survey, and the receipted
bills for repairs made. He made an affidavit, which
X herewith transmit, that the vessel as she lay in a
wrecked condition m the harbor of Charleston, m
November, 1870, did not exceed in value $1,000, while
the repairs appear to have amounted to $5,196 70.
I may further add that there does not appear to
have been any collusion with the various owners of
this vessel; and that her present owner became pos-
sessed of her and repaired her in good faith.
Had the vessel been foreign-built, and wrecked and
repaired as she was, she would be entitled to Amer-
ican registryunder the act of 23d December, 1852. I
therefore think that Congress may very properly
authorize the register asked for.
The papers are returned herewith.
Very respectfully.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. S. Shellaearokk,
Chaiiman House Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
use of senators' franks.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to read a letter which I received
this morning. It is dated Jackson, Michigan,
February 25, 1872, and is as follows:
Dear Sir : I am receiving spurious documents from
somo source with yours and Hon. O. P. Morton's
frank on the envelope. Inclosed find sample.
If you and Senator Morton are sending such docu-
ments about the country and playing into the hands
of the Democracy, it is something I least expected.
I think to the contrary, and cannot conceive from
what source they come. Please answer me at once in
regard to it.
If you have documents of the ring of true metal,
send to me, and I will distribute on good ground.
Yours, truly, JOHN F. DREW.
Hon. Z. Chandler.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Michigan asks unanimous consent to make a
statement.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the Senator will proceed. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Inclosed in this letter
I find the following document sent under the
frank of Oliver P. Morton and myself:
" The Reform Movement—A National Convention
called to meet at Cincinnati, May 1, 1872—Resolu-
tions of the Liberal Republican State Convention of
Missouri—Speech by Governor B. Gratz Brown—Let-
ter from Senator Carl Sciiurz—Indorsement by ex-
Secretary J. D. Cox, Hon. Stanley Matthews, Judge
George Hoadly, and Judge J. B. Stallo, of Ohio."
Mr. President, I only have to say that my
frank on that document was a forgery. I never
franked such a document as that, and I never
will; but I do not know that forging my
frank is any worse than the document itself.
The whole thing was conceived in fraud and
brought forth in iniquity. It was a fraud to
put the name ''Republican" upon it, and I
am not surprised they should circulate frauds
by forgery.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to be permitted to
say simply that  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks unanimous consent to make
a statement. Is there objection? The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say that my
frank upon that document, or one of that char-
acter, sent to Michigan or elsewhere, is a fraud
and a forgery, made without my knowledge and
consent.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nebraska desire to make a statement on
the subject?
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to make a personal
explanation also.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to say that I have
been treated very much as the Senator from
Michigan has. I did send ont one of his
speeches recently, and it was returned to me,
and I was asked whether I had franked such
a document as that; and if I did entertain the
sentiments of his speech, my constituent told
me never to send my frank to him again.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Do Senators
desire this subject to be referred to the Post
Office Committee? [Laughter.]
hayden's geological survey.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report back a reso-
lution to print additional copies of Hay-
den's final report of the geological survey of
Nebraska and adjacent Territories ; and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, tho resolution
was considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tho
Senate fifteen hundred copies of Hayden's final
report of geological survey of Nebraska and adja-
cent Territories.
ku klux reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. A concurrent resolution
was referred to the Committee on Printing
this morning relating to a matter that has
already been under consideration by the com-
mittee on a resolution offered in the Senate.
It is a resolution to print the report made and
the testimony taken by the Ku Klux commit-
tee. The Committee on Printing recommend
an amendment to the resolution, so as to make
it correspond with the resolution introduced-
into the Senate, and which we understand to
be the wish of the Ku Klux committee on both
sides of the Chamber. It is a pretty large
number, but it is what that committee desire.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the
United States, (the Senate concurring,) That there
be printed of the majority and minority reports of the
joint Committee to Inquire into the Condition of
the_ late Insurrectionary States ten thousand extra
copies, of which thirty-live hundred shall be for the
use of the Senate and sixty-five hundred for the use
of the House of Representatives ; also fifteen hun-
dred extra copies of all the testimony taken by said
committee, of which five hundred copies shall be for
the use of the Senate and one thousand for the use
of the House of Representatives.
The Committee on Printing proposed to
amend the resolution so as to read:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the
United States (the Senate concurring.) That there be
printed of the majority and minority report of tho
joint Committee to Inquire into the Condition of tho
late "Insurrectionary States forty thousand extra
copies, of which ten thousand shall be for the use of
the Senate and thirty thousand for the xise of the
House of Representatives; also five thousand extra
copies of all the testimony taken by said committee,
of which fifteen hundred copies shall bo for the use
of the Senate and thirty-five hundred for the use of
the House of Representatives.
The amendments were agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
bills introduced,
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to allow
me to bring up the bill which I have tried for
so many days to get before it in regard to the
education of certain Japanese youth in the
Military Academy. I hope there will be no
objection to taking it up now.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to introduce
a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will give way.
Mr. SPENCER. It will not take a second.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Alabama insists on his right to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Does the Senator insist?
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator to allow
me to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. CAMERON. I am willing to give way
for that.
Mr. COLE rose.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will certainly give way to me.
Mr. COLE. I will not object to the Sen-
ator taking up his bill if, after it is taken up, I
shall have an opportunity to introduce some
morning business.
Mr. CAMERON. Of course.
