886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
"When the centurion hoard that, he went and
told the chief captain, saving. Take heedwliat thou
doest; for this man is a Roman." * "*
* And the chief captain was nfraia, after he
knew that he was a Roman, and because he had
bound him." (The Acts, chap, xxii, verses 25,26,29.)
Will not our "chief captain," will not Sen-
ators take heed what they do, that the scourge
may not continue to fall upon a whole race,
each one of whom is an American and upcon-
demned? Is our citizenship a feebler safeguard
than that of Rome? Shall the cry, " I am ail
American citizen," he raised in vain against
outrage ?
equal eights and amnesty.
Mr. President, asking you to unite now in
an act of justice to a much-oppressed race,
being only a small installment of that heavy
debt accumulated by generations of wrong, I
am encouraged by the pending measure of
amnesty, which lias the advantage of being
recommended iu the President's annual mes-
sage. I regretted at the time, that the Presi-
dent signalized by his favor the removal of
disabilities imposed upon afew thousand rebels
who had struck at the Republic, while he said
nothing of cruel disabilities inflicted upon
millions of colored fellow-citizens, who had
been a main-stay to the national cause. But
1 took courage when I thought that the gen-
erosity proposed could not fail to quicken that
sentiment of justice which I now invoke.
Toward those who assailed the Republic iu
war I have never entertained any sentiment
of personal hostility. Never have I sought
the punishment of any one; and I rejoice to
know that our bloody rebellion closed without
the sacrifice of a single human life by the civil
power. But this has not surprised me. Early
in the war I predicted it in this Chamber.
And yet, while willing to be gentle with former
enemies, while anxious not to fail in any len-
ity or generosity, and while always watching
for the moment when all could be restored to
our common household with equality as the
prevailing law, there was with me a constant
duty, which 1 could never forget, to fellow-
citizens, white and black, who had stood by
the Republic, and especially to those large
numbers, counted by the million, still suffer-
ing under disabilities, having their origin in
no crime, but more keenly lelt than any im-
posed upon rebels. Believing that duty to
these millions is foremost, and that until they
are assured in equal rights we cannot expect
the tranquillity which all dtsire, nay, sir, we
cannot expect the blessings of Almighty God
upon our labors, I bring forward this measure
of justice to the colored nice. Such a measure
can never be out of oider or out- of season,
being of urgent necessity and unquestionable
charity.
There are strong reasons why it should be
united with amnesty, especially since the latter
is pressed. Each is the removal of disabili-
ties, and each is to operate largely in the same
region of country. Nobody sincerely favoring
generosity to rebels should hesitate in justice
to the colored race. According to the maxim
in chancery, " Whoso would have equity must
do equity." Therefore, rebels seeking am-
nesty must be just to colored fellow-citizens
seeking equal rights. Doing this equity they
may expect equity.
Another reason is controlling. Bach is a
measure of reconciliation, intended to close
the issues of the war; but these issues are not
closed unless each is adopted. Their adoption
together is better for each, and, therefore, bet-
ter for the country than any separate adoption.
Kindred in object, they should be joined to-
gether and never put asunder. Jt is wrong to
separate them. Hereafter the rebels should
remember that their restoration was associated
with the Equal Rights of all, being contained
m the same great statute.
Clearly between the two the preeminence
must be accorded to that for the Equal Rights
of all, as, among the virtue, justice is above
generosity. And this is the more evident when
it is considered, that, according to Abraham
Lincoln, the great issue of the war was Human
Equality.
in making the motion by which these two
measures are associated, I seize the first oppor-
tunity since the introduction of my bill more
than two years ago of securing for it the atten-
tion of the Senate. Beyond this is with me a
sentiment of duty. In the uncertainties of life
I would not defer for a day the discharge of
this immeasurable obligation to fellow-citizens
insulted and oppressed, nor would I postpone
that much desired harmony which can be
assured only tin ough this act of justice. The
opportuni y is of infinite value, and I dare not
neglect it. My chief regret is that 1 cannot do
more to impress it upon the Senate. I wish I
were stronger. I wish i were more able to
exhibit this commanding duty. But, I can try,
and should the attempt fail I am not without
hope that it may be made in some other form,
with increased advantage from this discussion.
1 trust that it will not fail. Earnestly, con-
fidently 1 appeal to the Senate for its votes.
Let theiecord be made at last, which shall
be the cap-stone of the reconstructed Republic.
I make this appeal for the sake of the Senate,
which will rejoice to be relieved from a paiu-
ful discussion; for the sake of fellow-citizens
whom I cannot forget; and for the sake of the
Republic now dishonored through a denial of
justice. I make it in the name of thegreat
Declaration, and also of that Equality before
the Law which is the supreme rule of conduct,
to the end especially that fellow-citizens may
be vindicated in the "pursuit of happiness,"
according to the immortal promise, and that
the angel Education may not be driven from
their doors. There is beauty in art, in litera-
ture, in science, and in every triumph of intelli-
gence, all of which I covet for my country; but
there is a higher beauty still in relieving the
poor, in elevating the downtrodden, and being
a succor to the oppressed. There is true
grandeur in an example of justice, making the
rights of all the same as our own, and beating
down prejudice, like Satan, under our feet.
Humbly do I pray that the Republic may not
lose this great prize or postpone its enjoyment.
Jir. ViUKBKS. It is not tny purpose, Mr.
President, to follow the Semtor iro.n Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] in the remarks
which he has made, because bis amendment
is not only not geimaue to the subject-matter
properly before the Senate, but is so palpably
unconstitutional that I consider it unnecessary
to make any comment upon it. He under-
takes, by this amendment, absolutely to forfeit
charters granted by the State governments,
as well as by the national Government. It is
so clearly unconstitutional in its prominent
features that I shall not now consider it, but
shall proceed to &p"ak on the subject before
t!-.e Senate, which is the bill granting relief
from political disabilities to the southern
people.
Mr. President, the causes and influences
which produced the war should not be judged
entirely by its tragedies and results ; neither
should the character of it be described as a
revolution in the ordinary sense of destroying
one Government to erect another upon its
ruins; to set aside or displace one set of rulers
to substitute others; not, of the character of
the revolution in Mexico anil other South
American republics; not such as that which
occurred in England and iu France, which cul-
minated in the dethronement and execution of
their kings. I am not to be understood as jus-
tifying or approving secession, for I mourned
over it as for lost children ; but I am endeavor-
ing to state the southern view of the charac-
ter of the conflict as a truth of history without
a gloss ; and I do this with a view of bringing
the mind to a proper consideration of the cir-
cumstances and the condition in which we are
now placed, that from this stand-point we may
the more plainly see and perform our duty to
the country, to the southern people, and to
ourselves.
It will not be denied that the South not only
believed that the Federal Government was one
of limited and specific powers, but, that the
Constitution had been violated in the refusal
by several of the States to surrender fugitives
held to service, and by the imposition by the
Government of high protecting duties on im-
portations for the benefit of sectional inter-
ests. These were some of the complaints and
allegations of that section; The people were
educated politically in that f lith, and for many
jears these subjects, and the attempts to pro-
hibit them from carrying slave property into
the Territor.es, were frequently and ardently
discussed in Congress, in their State Leghla-
tures, and in public assemblies. At one period
the doctrine of nullification had obtained such
a strong hold upon the public mind of the
South as to hold the peace of the country in a
state of vibration. It may not be altogether
unprofitable to revert to the teachers and teach-
ings of the fathers of the Constitution, and
their contemporaries and successors, upon mat-
ters of such gravity.
When the subject of the adoption of the Con-
stitution was before the conventions of the
different States, it was contended by some of
the ablest and most eloquent opposers of it
that the Confederation was sufficient for all
necessary and essential purposes; that it had
united us in our struggles for liberty, and bad
furnished men and means to conduct the war
to a glorious termination ; that patriotism and
a sense of common danger were ties strong
enough to bind the States against a common
enemy, and that they needed no other poliii-
cal organization for defense or progress ; that
Switzerland was a confederacy consisting of
dissimilar governments; that that republic had
stood in its integrity for four hundred years!,
though several of the individual republics which
composed the confederacy were democratic,
others aristocratic; and that they had, thus con-
stituted, braved the power of France and Ger-
many during that long and eventful period—
this they had done in the neighborhood of
powerful nations, headed by ambitious and
warlike monarch s; that our country, separated
by the expanse of ocean from the Old World,
with its anti-republican kingdoms and empires,
and each State possessed of republican insti-
tutions, could certainly, under such advantages,
maintain a confederacy for all useful and defens-
ive purposes. They were unwilling to make any
further surrender of political power ; and those
who did so took every precaution, as they be
lieved, to limit and specify the powers of the
Constitution, and to preserve the sovereign
and leserved rights of the Stales against all
encroachment and invasion.
It was conceded by the writers of the Fed-
eralist, and by others of eminence, that it was
to be a Government of delegated and specific
powers. The practical question afterward
arose, how were the States to be protected
against encroachments by the administrators
of that Government; each is sovereign, wit'hm
its own jurisdiction and powers. Alexander
Hamilton said in the seventy-eighth number
ot the Federalist, "There is no position which
depends on clearer principles than that every
act of a delegated authority contrary to the
tenor of the commission under which it ia
exercised is void. No legislative act, there-
fore, contrary to the Constitution can be valid.
To deny this would be to affirm that the deputy
is greater than his principal; that the servant
is above his master; that the Representatives
ot the people are superior to the people them-
selves." Mr. King, of Massachusetts, after-
ward of New York, is reported to have said
in the Convention, "It was of the nature of a
commission given by the several States for
performing acts of a general nature, which no
one State was separately competent to do."
