1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
The VICE PRESIDENT. No Senator
rising with morning business, the Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to call
up the bill authorizing the admission of Japan-
ese youth in the Military Academy, stating
that he will give way for the remainder of the
current morning business after the bill shall
be taken up. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
730) for the relief of William Hunter ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 731)
amending an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1871," and for
other purposes, approved July 15,1870; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7S2) amendatory of the act entitled "An
act to provide a government for the District
of Columbia;" which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 733) for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Francis Taylor; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
734) granting to the Utah Southern Railroad
Company a right of way through the public
lands for the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, aud ordered to be printed.
japanese at military academy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill called
up on the suggestion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] is now before
the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 454) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to admit six Japanese youths to
the West Point Military Academy.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, itwill be
quite impossible for me to say all thatl feel this
bill deserves, for two reasons. One is that I
do not wish to occupy the attention of the
Senate at any length in the present condition
of its business. Theotheris, (and it is one of
itself quite sufficient,) that I find myself con-
trolled by the courtesy which is due to the em-
bassy present in this city this morning for the
first time. Influenced by thatcourtesy, I shall
refrain from discussing more than one ques-
tion. I mean the political question, the ques-
tion how far this bill affects our own long-
settled domestic policy in regard to the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point. Even upon
that head I shall be very brief. I shall be
brief because what I have to say seems to me
so obvious that merely to state it is the best
argument. True, it is but one aspect. There
are many other aspects—aspects of a general
nature—which I might speak of. I shall
refrain from doing so out of regard to the con-
siderations already mentioned.
The bill before us is a proposition to admit
six young men, the subjects of the Japanese
empire, as military students in the West Point
Academy. The West Point Academy is one
of the oldest foundations of this Government.
It is now -nearly, if not quite, seventy years
since the act was passed for the establishment
of that Academy. The policy of the institu-
tion then was, and ever since has been, a very
obvious one. It was, and always has been, an
institution designed to educate a certain number
of the youth of this country in the art of war
in all its branches. The theory of the institu-
tion—a theory which has always been respected
until this bill came here to overthrow it—was
that the military training, the skill in war, the
moral qualities which even war requires in a
very high degree, could be best taught to our
youth by an institution of our own, estab-
lished and improved as the West Point mili-
tary school has been for now seventy years.
In short, sir, the design was to train up in
that Academy the young men of the country
for the military service of this country. Of
necessity, they were to be citizens of this
country ; of necessity, they were to be bound
to the country which gave them their high and
thorough military training and education by
the strongest fealty and allegiance. Sir, you
may impart all other arts of your civilization
to a foreign Power without injury to yourself:
bat not your art of war. They are such arts
as grow by the lending ; arts such as gain by
partnership. You may sell to other nations
even your arms of precision, your engines of
war, in which, by the admission of the nations,
you so much excel; but, sir, you cannot admit
any foreign Power into a partnership in the
military training of your youth ; of the whole
body of your officers, their discipline, their
elevation of thought, their moral forces—in a
word, their complete and rounded manhood—
without a loss of that power and prestige
which, at least until the millennium comes,
are necessary to the maintenance of this coun-
try as a great nation upon the earth.
Now, sir, why should we, in favor of any
foreign Power, break in upon the original
idea so long wisely and sacredly adhered to in
regard to the West Point Academy?
Mr. CAMERON. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator from California for a moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I have risen to ask him
to let us have a vote. If we do not pass the
bill now, the morning hour will be gone by
and there will be no opportunity. I shall have
great trouble to get it up again. I shall say
nothing on the subject, and 1 do not suppose
anybody else will. I appeal to the courtesy of
the Senator from California, unless he desires
specially to make his remarks upon this bill,
that he let us vote. If he desires specially to
speak on this bill, of course Icannot interfere.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have been able to as-
certain at this distance from the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations only this,
that he desires a vote on this bill. So far as
I am concerned, 1 shall not detain the Senate
a great while longer. I propose to say but a
few words.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the Senator's par-
don for having interrupted him. I know it
was not courteous.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator speak
a little louder? I cannot hear him.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the Senator's par-
don for having interrupted him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I grant the Senator
always pardon in advance for anything-of
that kind.
Mr. President, if this concession be made
to the Government of Japan, with what grace
can it be refused to any other of the Powers
with whom we have treaties of amity through-
out the world? If we grant it to the Japan-
ese how can we refuse it to the English, the
French. to the Prussians, to the Spaniards, or
to the Italians? We know, sir, what is the
estimate throughout Europe of the faculty of
the American soldiers for the use of arms of
precision. We know what is the standing
of our great military school at West Point.
We are proud to know that the trained officers
whom that Academy has sent forth are not
inferior to any elsewhere in the world. It
will be a most invidious thing if, after having
made to the Japanese Government the great
concession of this bill, we shall refuse it to
any other Government. What follows? This j
follows: either that we affront other friendly :
Powers, or' that the doors of our great mili
tary school are to be thrown wide open to tho
youth of the world. When that day comes,
then farewell, a long farewell, to our great
American military school.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts is now before tho
Senate, on which the Senator from Wisconsin
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
California will be allowed to conclude his
remarks.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will yield to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania for the purpose of a
vote on his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over subject to a demand for
the regular order by* any Senator. It is thus
passed over; and the Senator from California
will resume his remarks.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not abuse the
indulgence. Had I not been interrupted I
should have been through before this.
I say, sir, when you once open the door of
your Military Academy to the admission of
students, subjects of foreign Powers in Europe
and Asia, bound to this country by no fealty,
by no allegiance, not even by a sentiment of
patriotism, you have opened the door to a sys-
tem which destroys the vital element of the
West Point military school. I say so because,
after all, it is not the manhood of our officers,
it is not their skill that is of the greatest mo-
ment. It is the intangible, invisible power, the
mighty moral force that lives in the high senti-
ment of mingled honor, love, and duty which
forbids a man to be false to his allegiance, to
his couutry, that gives to the school at West
Point its very utmost value.
I know it will be urged that if there is not
danger always there is a possibility that our
relations with the great Powers of Europe may
be disturbed by menace of war. In reply to
that I remark that the very last occasion when
by any foreign Power an American merchant
ship was fired into .was by Japan and in Japan-
ese waters. It was not ten years ago. The
last time when one of our war ships engaged
in hostile conflict with any foreign Power was
with Japan. I speak of the affair of the Amer-
ican ship Pembroke in 1863, not ten years
since. Upon that occasion an American mer-
chant steamer, pursuing her peaceful way in
the waters of Japan, was, without any provo-
cation, fired into by two armed Japanese ves-
sels. Within less than a month afterward, tiiat
outrage was fitly redressed by the American
ship of war Wyoming, then fortunately in those
waters. In a brilliant engagement, in which
she destroyed the two offending Japanese ves-
sels and silenced six shore batteries, she lost
four seamen killed and eleven wounded. But
if the Government of Japan had had before
that time the advantage of having half a dozen
or half a score of her young men trained in
your West Point Military Academy, as thor-
oughly as if they were Americans, perhaps
instead of four men killed and eleven men
wounded on our war ship Wyoming in the just
punishment of a national outrage, that ship
would have been sunk, and not a soul left to
tell the tale. By the teaching and the train-
ing given to the officers of Japan in your own
Academy at West Point your honorable tri-
umph in the affair of the Wyoming would
have been converted into a bloody and ter-
rible disaster, leading of necessity to a war
with Japan.
Sir, on this subject it is not harsh to apply
to the Japanese the same rule I would apply
to the nations of Europe. We welcome here
the man-of Germany, the man of France, the
man of England, the man of Ireland, tho man
of Spain, and the man of Italy. We invite
them to become citizens of the Republic, and
to share with us in the common freedom and
welfare. Yet who would consent to receive
into West Point the subjects of any European
