THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. Jefferson in 1798 in words often adopted
sin6e, and which mast find acceptance from all
parties, 'that the several Stales composing
the United States of America are not united
upon the principles of unlimited submission
to the General Government; bat that by com-
pact under the'style and title of the Constitu-
tion of the United States and of the amend-
ments thereto, they constituted a General Gov-
ernment for special purposes, delegated to that
Government certain definite powers, reserving
each State to itself, the residuary mass of right
to their"own self-government, and ih&t whenso-
ever the General Government assumes undele-
gated powers, its acts are unauthorized, void,
and of no force.' " Not voidable by an applica-
tion to the courts or to any other tribunal, but
ipso facto void, and of no force or effect. Mr.
Jefferson understood the import and power of
the words which he used, and adopted the
strongest and most effective that his vernacular
could furnish to give point, clearness, and
effect to the idea which lie wished to convey.
In the Virginia resolutions of 1798, prepared
by him, he declared that the Federal Govern
ment " was not made the exclusive and final
judge of the extent of the powers delegated to
itself, since that, would have made its discre-
tion, and not the Constitution, the measure of
its powers, but that, as in ail other cases of
compact among parties having no common
judge, eaeh party has an equal right to judge
for itself as well of infractions as of the mode
and measure of redress." The Kentucky
resolutions of the succeeding year not ouly
reasserted the right of the States to judge of
infractions, but that nullification was the right-
ful remedy. And Mr. Madison said that where
resort can be had to no common superior, the
parties to the compact must themselves be the
rightful judges whether the bargain has been
preserved or violated.
President Jackson seems to have carried the
doctrine of the rightto judge of the Constitu-
tion further than Mr. Jefferson or Mr. Madi-
son, in their published opinions. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in his memorable
speech, to which 1 have alluded, said, "And
here ! adopt with entire assent the language ot
President Jackson, in his memorable veto, in
1882, of the Bank of the United States. To
its course was opposed the authority of the
Supreme Court, and this is his reply, 1 If the
opinion of-the Supreme Court covers the whole
ground of this act, it ought not to control the
Coordinate autliorities of this Government.
The Congress,_ the Executive, and the court,
must each for itself be guided by its own opin-
ion of the Constitution. Each public officer
who tabes an oath to support ihe Constitution
swears that he will support it as he understands
it, and not as it is understood by others. It
is as much the duty of Die House of Repre-
sentatives, of the Senate, and of the Presi-
dent, to decide upon the constitutionality of
any bill or resolution which may be presented
t.o them for passage or approval, as it is of
the supreme judges when it may be brought,
before them for judicial decision. The authoi -
ity of the Supreme Court must not, therefore,
be permitted to control rhe Congress or the
Executive, when acting in their legislative
capacities, but have only such influence as the
force of their reasoning may deserve.' " The
Senator added, that with these authoritative
words of Andrew Jackson he dismissed the
topic. Before the conclusion of the Senator's
speech he declared that he would not obey ihe
fugitive slave law. That conclusion was a
legitimate corrollary of the speech, and of
the alleged right personally to judge of the
constitutionality ot an act of Congress, and
any other conclusion would have been a non
sequitur.
_ Mr. Webster, in a speech at Capon Springs
in 1851, said, "It is written in the Constitu-
tion, 'No person held to service or labor in
One State, under the laws thereof, escaping
into another shall, in consequence of any law
or regulation therein, be discharged from such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or
labor may be due.'" He goes on to say:
" That is as much a part of the Constitution
as any other, and as equally binding and oblig-
ator)' as any other on all men, public or pri-
vate. And who denies this? None but the
abolitionists of the North." He further
stated in that speech, and in that connection,
"I have not hesitated to say, and I repeat,
that if the northern States refuse, willfully
and deliberately, to carry into effect that patt
of the Constitution which respects the restora-
tion of fugitive slaves, and Congress provide
no remedy, the South would no longer be
bound to observe the compact. A' bargain
cannot be broken on one side and still bind
the other side."
To sustain the power of the States, and in
opposition to the views taken by the advocates
of Federal power, and of a reference of all
disputed questions between the States and the
Federal Government, it was contended by the
former that there were cases in which infrac-
tions of the compact or Constitution might,
be palpably made by the General Government,
of which the Federal courts could not take
jurisdiction. For instance: suppose Congress
should, under its power of taxation, levy an
almost indefinite tax upon the people for the
purpose of distribution among works of inter-
nal improvement; or, suppose after such ex-
tensive taxation, Congress should appropriate
the money to the establishment of presses,
churches, &e., or for any other unconstitutional
object, the courts could not take jurisdiction
in such cases.
Mr. Madison, in his report of the Virginia
resolutions of 1798, said that there might be
instances of usurped power which the forms of
the Constitution might pro ve ineffectual against,
infractions, dangerous to the essential rights of
the parties to it; and in furtherargumentupon
this point, that great man said, " However
true, therefore, it may be that the judicial
department is, in all questions submitted to
it by the forms of the Constitution, to decide
in the last resort, this resort must necessarily
be deemed the last in relation to the author-
ities of the othet- departments of the Govern-
ment; not in relation to the rights of the
parties to the constitutional compact, from
which the judicial, as well us the other depart-
ments, hold their delegated trusts. On any
other hypothesis, the delegation of judicial
power would annul the authority delegating
it.; and the concurrence of this department
with the others in usurped power,-! might sub-
vert forever, and beyond the possible reach
of any rightful remedy, the very Constitution
which all were instituted to preserve."
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. _ StniXEn.] had doubtless drank deep at,
the fountains of constii.nioiial wisdom and
construction thus opened by the sages of the
conn try and the fathers of the Constituthin
before he made the memorable, speech in 18o2
to which [ hare referred. It is well known
that Messrs Calhoun, Hayne, McDuffie, and
other renowned statesmen of the South, im-
bibed and proclaimed the Madison and Jeffer-
son doctriues of 1798 and 1799; and in all
the mutations and conflicts of parties m the
South from that period, a Urge majority of the
people of that section entertained the same,
views. During periods in the history of the
country they_ were not always prominently
presented and made the subjects of comment
and controversy, as well because the course
of events did not make it neeessarv, as that
they were well understood to be the 'heory
and groundwork of a political organization
in the South upon great constitutional ques-
tions.
A'though in 1832, when a crisis existed and
had almost, culminated in civil war, and though
the distinctions of Democrats and Whigs existed
among tbem, the gieat majority of those party
divisions believed either in nullification < r se-
cession, however divided thev might have been
in opinion upon the expediency or present
proptiety of resisting the laws. They believed
in the right of one or the o'her remedy, but
many of them doubted the expediency of its
attempted exet-ei-e at that eventful period;
but their children and grandchildicu were
instructed and educated, politically, in the
principles of Government and constitutional
law which had been transmitted by the early
statesmen and fathers of the Republic.
While the country remains in tranquil-
lity and the laws are respected no one e"pr
dreamed of imputing disloyalty or a want o;
patriotism to the generous and gallant people
of the South. They furnished the great staple,
cotton, by which foreign goods to a great
extent were purchased, the balance of uade
maintained, and the country preserved from
financial embarrassment, by a drain of the
precious metals; they consumed immense
quantities and values of domestic fabrics,
and contributed laigely to the industry, com-
merce. and prosperity of the country; theu
views of the Constitution, its checks, and
guards; its powers, restraints, and prohibi-
tions; its limited character, nature, and rela-
tion to the States ; and their reserved rights
and sovereign capaci ies, never were imputed,
in any light of disparagement, in any possible
sense. Their opini 113 were honestly and
firm1 y maintained. When in 1812 war was
deel >red.against our first and only antagonist,
in defense of the interest and honor ot the
country, it was their voice which made ihe
demand, and their bone and muscle that .
were freely offered in sacrifice upon its altar.
No braver people ever stepped forth to main-
tain ihe honor of the flag, the dignity of the
Government, the rights of the sailor, or the
Union of the States against domestic treason
and foreign force and machinations. In the
Mexican war their blood and treasure were
freely given and expended, and they were
always held as a free and ready offering
whenever the country needed the one or the
other.
From the election of Mr. Adams in 1821, and
the laritndinarian views of the Constitution
then expressed, and the increased duties on im-
ports, which began to excite the jealousy and
alarm of the South, in what they deemed a
tax upon one section to advance the interest
of another, the subject of State rights, winch
had lam comparatively dormant, (except
when revived by some supposed attempt to
engage in works of internal impiovement, or
to increase duties 011 importations, was brought
into clearer notice and' activity ; the increase
of import duties, and the agitation of slavery
i'i the Territories, gave full scope to the views
and opinions of the South upon the nature,
< liaiMUer, and powers ot the Government.
The nrghty efforts of Mr Webster and other
great men who entertained different views upon
the various subjects of the tariff, finances, rev-
enue, and the Teiritories excited the public
mind and produced immense agitation and
much alarm for the safety of the Constitution
and the Union. Parties were arrayed for
years; intensity of feeling and action, ambi-
tion, patriotism, sectional feeling, interest,
and argument were aroused ai.d brought, into
active and energetic use to maintain and
obtain the administration of the Government,
jt resulted in the choice of a sectional Pres-
ident in 1860, the first ever elected as such,
and this was unfortunately succeeded by an
organized, conventional, formal secession or
atiempteJ withdrawal of eleven States from
the Union. 'ihis, as they alleged, was in
accordance with their views of constitutional
right. Not in, their view, as a measure of war
or rebellion, but, us a dissolution of the com-
pact, a withdrawal from the partnership, and
a willingness to adjust and Settle all the rights,
obligations, and responsibilities growing out
of their former relation, by mutual and satis-
