3972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,s
this theory should not lead him to put as many
different taxes upon the grades of tobacco as
there are grades of tobacco, and it is very well
known there are not two, nor five, nor ten, nor
twenty different prices for tobacco, but you
may find tobacco all the way from four cents
up to one dollar and seventy-five cents or two
dollars a pound, with perhaps five cents apart.
The logic of the two rates of tax would render
necessary twenty rates of tax.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. WRIGHT; I do not like to make the
motion I am about to make without having
the approval of the chairman of the commit-
tee, but it seems to me we have about reached
that point where it would be well to adjourn
for this evening. We have been here since
eleven o'clock, almost twelve hours altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should Jike to have a
vote on my amendment; but if the Senator
prefers to have a vote ou the motion to strike
out and insert, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I prefer to have the vote
on the Senator's amendment as he makes it
when we have it. I think that reaches the
question precisely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we might as well
go along until eleven o'clock. I should like
to get one vote to-night.
Mr. WRIGHT. This is an important ques-
tion as connected with this part of the bill,
and it seems to me we had better have a full
Senate when we take the vote, for the reason
that if we take the vote at this time it will be
only postponing it, and we shall have the same
• discussion afterward when we come into the
Senate, whereas if we have a full Senate when
the vote is taken it will be a settlement of the
question. I move an adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter has been
pretty thoroughly discussed, and if the Senate
is willing, I would propose that we go on with
the other portion of the bill, leaving this ques-
tion as we did others.
Several Senators. Let us vote on this ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator Irom Iowa moves that the Senate do now
adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. •
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Question
on the amendment;
Mr. CONKLING-. I hear the Senatorfrom
Maryland say "Question on the amendment."
I should like to ask him a question on the
amendment, which has something to do with
the amendment, but not much. Does he think
it woith while, or does he wish with a Senate
a little more than half full to get an expres-
sion on this question to bind anybody?
Sir. HAMILTON, of Maryland. In re-
sponse to the Senator from New York I will
say that we have a full Senate. I think on
looking around that we have a Senate as full
probably as it will be to-morrow, and it may
be that those gentleman who take an interest
in this question who are absent are paired off.
Ifeeldisposed to come to avoteto-night on this
question, so that we may go on with this bill.
We are to sit here but until Monday next, and
we have important measures of legislation yet
before us. I hope, therelore, the Senator from
New York will now adhere to his almost uni-
form course of keeping up the sessions in this
Chamber until we have finished our business,
and I have known the honorable Senator to do
it atvery unseasonable times, too. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKL1NG-. I should think my hon-
orable Inend was a new convert to this Uni-
term tax from the zeal he evinces to protect
it. He says he looks around and thinks we
have a very full Senate. Look here, Mr. Pres-
ident, [pointing to the empty seats ou the Re-
publican side of the Chamber.] Take either
of this row of seats here, and four, if not five,
out of six Senators on this side are absent.
We want to make progress with this bill. I
do; and if it is the sense of the Senate to
adopt this uniform tax, I do not wish to delay
one moment the expression of that determina-
tion ; but we shall gain nothing in this way.
Senators will not be satisfied with a vote taken
now in such a thin Senate as this. I propose
that we take the sense of the Senate upon these
tobacco sections upon this motion or some other
controlling m'otion to-morrow morning when
the Senate is full. If the Senator from Ohio
thinks he will gain anything now, at twenty
minutes after ten o'clock, by entering on other
portions of the bill, I will not object to that;
but certainly this subject had better lay aside
until we can have a tolerably full expression
to-morrow morning in Committee of the Whole,
and then nobody will want to renew the dis-
cussion in the Senate. But, on the other hand,
I can say to the Senator from Maryland that I
am sure nobody will be satisfied to leave it as
adjudicated by a vote in a Senate like this.
I propose, as the Senate has voted down
the motion to adjourn, that we take this ques-
tion in the morning; let this lie aside ; and
then if the Senator from Ohio thinks he can
make any progress with other matters to-night,
although I do not think he can, very well. We
came here at eleven o'clock this morning, and
it is now twenty minutes after ten. It is rather
a long day's work.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, from page 55 of the bill
until we come to the ware housing clause, there
is nothing substantially of dispute, and the bill
might as well be read to-night, and then to-
morrow morning let us take the vote in full
Senate on this tobacco question. Let us have
a full vote ou this question and end it. 1 hope
that when we have a vote on this question of
uniform tax in a full Senate, there will be no
further debate about it. I take it that is the
wish of the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the Clerk
be allowed to go on, omitting this matter,
leaving it unfinished, and proceeding with the
reading for ten or twenty pages, and get ou
with the biil in that way.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. With due
deference to honorable Senators, I think we
have a very fair Senate present, and I think
Senators are here on account of this very prop-
osition, and why not let us have a vote ?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
one word ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to hear this ques-
tion further discussed. I do not feel myself
fully instructed to vote on this question, and I
think that must be the condition of other Sen-
ators here who have not paid particular atten-
tion to the subject.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I thought
the discussion was through from the way mat-
6The* PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to save time I
suggest that we go on with undisputed mat-
ters now and come right back to this in the
morning and take a vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
being objected to, it cannot be proceeded with.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not hear any ob-
jection. Who objects to it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate. The Sen-
ator from Ohio suggests that the Senate, by
unanimous consent, pass over this portion of
the bill and pi'oceed to the reading of the
remainder of the bill. Is there objection?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—aves 21, noes 22.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. CONKLING
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 26,
nays 24 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey,
Sherman, Trumbull, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Clayton. Cooper. Fenton. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamiltonof Texas, Hill, Johnston,Kelly,
Lewis, Norwood, Ransom, Robertson. Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Vickers, and
West—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Davis of Kentucky, Davis ot West
Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,, Gilbert,
Howe, Kellogg. Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pratt,
Rice, Sehurz, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Wilson, and Wmdom—24.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at ten
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 29, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
bridges across the missouri.
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back, with
a recommendation that the same do pass,
Senate bill No. 828, authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river
opposite to or within the corporate limits of
Nebraska City, Nebraska.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections to its present consider-
ation will be in order.
The bill was read at length.
No objection being made, the bill was re-
ceived and ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER also, by unanimous consent,
reported hack from the Committee ou Com-
merce, with a recommendation that it pass,
the bill (S. No. 631) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river at
Brownsville, Nebraska.
The bill having been read, was ordered to a
third reading ; and being read the third time,
it was passed. ,
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table and passed Senate bill No. 1026 
Mr. COBURN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Is not the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] holding the floor on a motion to
suspend the rules ? *
The SPEAKER. He is; but these other
matters are proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBURN. I demand the regular order.
cancellation of bonds for tobacco.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] to suspend the rules and pass with
a substitute the bill (H. R. No. 2719) for the
cancellation of bonds for manufactured to-
bacco lost on the steamer George P. Upton
between the cities of Richmond and New York.
Mr. BECK. I have been unanimously in*
