2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 894) granting a pension to
the minor children of Frederick P. Dayton,
deeeased.
frances a. m'kinney.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Elduedge, Mr. Butler of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. Peters, as the committee of con-
ference on the part of the House upon the bill
(H. R. No. 1806) for the relief of Mrs. Frances
A. McKinney.
SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the ap-
pointment of shipping commissioners by the
judges of the several circuit courts of the Uni-
ted States, to superintend the shipping and
discharge of seamen engaged in merchant
ships belonging to the United States, and for
the further protection of seamen.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec.' 26. That in any proceeding relating to tho
wages, claims, or discharge of any seaman, carried
on before any shipping commissioner, under the
provisions of this act, such shipping commissioner
may call upon the owner, or his agent, or upon the
muster, or any mate, or any other member of the
crew, to produco any log-books, papers, or other
documents in their respective possession or power,
relating to any matter in question in such proceed-
ing, and may call before him and examine any of
such persons, being then at or near the place, on any
such matter; and every owner, agent, master, mate,
orother member of thocrow who, when called upon
by the shipping commissioner, does not produce any
such books, papers, or documents as aforesaid, if in
his possession or power, or does not appear and
give evidence, shall, unless he shows some reason-
able cause for such a default, for each offense incur
.i. penalty not exceeding S100, and, on application
being made by the shipping commissioner, shall be
further punished, in the discretion of thecourt, as in
other cases of disobedience. And the shippiug com-
missioner shall be entitled to demand and receivo
tho same feos in respect to sucli settlement as any
justice of tho peace would be entitled to demand
and receivo if the case were tried boforo liim.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend by striking
out at the conclusion of this section these
words:
And tho shipping commissioner shall be entitled
to demand and receive tho same fees in respect to
such settlement as any justice of the peace would
bo entitled to demand and receive if the case wore
tried before him.
Mr. Speaker, this and the preceding sec-
tion endow these commissioners with extraor-
dinary powers, authorizing them to sit as a
court in the determination of disputes be-
tween the ship-owner and the seaman. The
clause which I propose to strike out allows
these commissioners to collect fees for the dis-
charge of this duty. My proposition is that
the commissioner shall receive no such fees,
because he holds such a relation to these par-
ties that he can, if so disposed, get up dis-
putes ; he can create cases for the adjudication
of which he is to be feed. Now, if the com-
missioner is to be vested with this extraordin-
ary power of determining disputes or contro-
versies which have heretofore been referred to
the courts, (and I have very grave doubts
whether we have the constitutional right to
take frOm the courts the decision of these
questions, and .authorize their determination
by officers to be created as provided in this
bill,) I would take away from the commis-
sioner any inducement to create or foment
disputes; and in order to do this I would pro-
vide that he shall receive no fees for liis ser-
vices in such cases. If controversies arise
between these parties, and the commissioner is
called upon to determine them, he should do
it as the friend of both parties, in pursuance
of his duty as commissioner, and without any
pecuniary inducement to create disputes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is pro-
posed to add at the end of this bill an amend-
ment (which I understand has tho assent, of
the committee) providing that all fees provided
for in this act shall be paid into the Treasury
of the United States; thai the commissioners
shall receive fixed salaries, notdependent, upon
fees; that the expense of offices, &c., shall be
paid by appropriations from the Treasury.
That amendment, I think, will accomplish ex-
actly the object of the gentleman from New
York, which is a very proper one. Under
that amendment, the fees here provided for
would go into the Treasury to reimburse the
expenses incurred by the commissioners.
Mr. WOOD. Well, Mr. Speaker, we are
to deal with this bill as we reach it section by
section. What may occur at the conclusisn
of the bill neither the gentleman nor myself
can tell. It can do no harm to strike out as I
propose, even if we should make them salaried
officers instead of feed officers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Uni-
ted States has to pay the expenses.
Mr. WOOD. I will vote against making
them salaried officers, for that will make them
defacto officials of the United States Govern-
ment.
Mr. CONGER. I can see no special objec-
tion to .striking out the fees where it is sub-
mitted to arbitration. If he accepts arbitra-
tion without any fees that is his own busi-
ness.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
in line nineteen to strike out the word " dis-
obedience" and insert "contempt of the pro-
cess of thecourt.'' I know my triendwill not
object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sue. 27. That the following rules shall be observed
with respect to the settlement of wages, that is to
say: first, upon tho completion before a shipping
commissioner of any discharge and settlement, the
master or ownor, and each seaman, shall respect-
ively, in the presence of theshipping commissioner,
sign a mutual rolease of all claims for wages in
respect of tho past voyage or engagement, and the
shipping commissioner shall also sign and attest it,
and shall retain it in a book to be kept for that pur-
pose; secondly, such release so signed and attested
shall operate as a mutual discharge and settlement
of all demands for wages between the parties thereto
on account of wa-ges in respect of the past voyage
or engagement; thirdly, acopy of such rolease, cer-
tified under the hand and seal of such shipping
commissioner to be a true copy, shall be given by
him to any party thereto requiring the same, and
such copy shall ba receivable in evidence upon any
future question touching such claims as aforesaid,
and shall have all the eft'eot of tho original of which
it purports to be a copy; fourthly, in eases in which
disehargo and settlement before a ship ping commis-
sioner are hereby required, no payment, receipt,
settlement, or discharge otherwise made shall oper-
ate or be admitted as evidenco of the releaso orsat-
isfaction of any claim; fifthly, upon payment being
made by a master before a shipping commissioner,
tho shipping commissioner shall, if required, sign
and givo to such master a statement of the whole
amount so paid, and such statement shall, between
the master and his employer, be received as evidence
that he has made the payments therein mentioned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In line
nine, after the word "purpose," I move to
insert the following:
Provided, Both master and seaman assent to such
settlement, or the settlement has been adjusted by
the shipping commissioner.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move in lines twenty-two and
twenty-three to strike out the words ''or be
admitted." It is already provided that any
receipt .taken outside of this law shall not be
conclusive evidence; but it seems .to me it
should-be admitted for what it is worth. It is
hard to exclude it entirely from the courts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 29. That every seaman, being a foreigner,
who declares his intention of becoming a citizen of
the United States in any competent court, and shall
have served three years on board of a merchant
ship or ships of the United States subsequent to the
date of such declaration, may, on his application to
any competent court, and the production of his
certificate of discharge and good conduct during
that time, together with the certificate of his declar-
ation of intention to become a citizen, bo admitted
a citizen ot the United States ; and every seaman,
being a foreigner, shall, atler hia'declaratioti of in-
tention to become a citizen of the United States, bo
deemed a citizen of tho United States for the pur-
pose of manning and serving on board any merchant
ship of the United States, anything to tho contrary
in any previous act of Congress notwithstanding.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
And every seaman being a foreigner shall after
his declaration of intention to become a citizen of
the United States be deemed a citizen of the United
States for the purpose .of manning^ and serving on
board any merchant ship of the United States, any-
thing to the contrary in any previous act of Con-
gress notwithstanding.
It gives to any foreigner all the privileges
there may be now belonging to American citi-
zens, all of the privileges of seamen upon his
simply declaring his intention of becoming a
citizen of the United States. So far as the
giving of those privileges is concerned, he ha3
not even to serve the three years as provided
in the first part of the section. I presume the
gentleman did not see the full effect and scope
of those last lines.
Mr. CONGER. The insertion of the word
" said " in line ten will be sufficient.
Mr. HALE. That does not carry with it
the idea that ho shall have served three years.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is pro-
vided that one third shall be American sea-
men; and this is in behalf of those who declare
their intention to become citizens.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish the distinction
between foreign and American sailors broken
down simply by declaration of intent to be-
come a citizen, as it may never become opera-
tive.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. "Who
shall have so served," if inserted, will answer
the gentleman's purpose.
Mr. HALE. I do not object to that. I
will modify my motion by inserting in line
eleven, after the words "United States," the
words "who shall have served three years.''
Mr. CONGER. I do not see any objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment:
Add to section twenty-nine these words :
. But such seaman shall for all purposes of protec-
tion and American citizenship be deemed such aftor
the filing of his intention to become such citizen.
Mr. CONGER. That is the law now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
quite the law, except so far as the law has
been made by the guns of American ships.
Martin ICostza, an Austrian subject, who had
declared his intention to become an American
citizen, was found on board an American ship
in 1852. The Austrian authorities, because
he was an Hungarian, undertook to take him
from the deck of an American vessel.
_ Mr. HOAR. Had he given formal declara-
tions of his intention?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I believe
they were formal._ But Captain Ingraham,
commanding a United States ship of war, in-
terfered, and by force of his guns took posses-
sion of this man, and protected him as an
American citizen.
Now, I do not want that to be done without
warrant of law, and although Mr. Marcy vin-
dicated this proceeding in one of the ablest
State papers ever written, yet I think it would
be better that it should be part and portion of
the law for the protection of seamen that those
seamen who have declared their intention to
become citizens of the United States should
have the same standing as those actually natu-
ralized.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following section:
Sec. 31. That no seaman shall by any agreement
forfeit his lien upon the ship, or bo deprived ot cny
remedy tor the recovery of his wages to winch he
would otherwise havo been entitled; and every
stipulation in auy agreement inconsistent with any
provision of this act, and every stipulation by which
any seaman consents to abandon his right to his
wages in the case ot the loss of the ship, or to aban-
don any right which he may have or obtain in th.e
nature ol salvage, shall be wholly inoperative.
_ Mr. \"V OOD. I move to strike out that sec-
tion altogether. I think the gentleman from
Michigan will see that while it is designed to
correct'an abuse which has existed to some
