11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3077
in the'city of Washington, for the support of
the Freedmen's Bureau, and for defraying the
expenses of investigating committees and im-
peachment trials, but not one cent for the relief
' of those who were stripped of nearly all of their
earthly substance by and for the Government;
who, in consequence of the sacrifices they were
thus compelled to make have, for nearly ten
' years, been struggling with poverty, have suf-
fered from want, have had to deny themselves
and their families the necessaries of life, and
are to-day suffering from these entailed evils;
not one cent for these, but countless millions
to meet the extravagant and useless expendi-
tures of the Government and surround its
officials with the splendors of royalty and sup-
ply them with its luxuries.
This, sir, is American justice, or rather it is
in this manner justice is administered by the
American Congress to American citizens. We
may raise our most dolorous wail over the
case of Dr. Houard and others who like him
may have' been severely if not unjustly dealt
with by foreign Powers, but it is all in vain ;
it surely must fall upon the ears of all who
lightly consider the duty of the Government
to those whom it has itself so recklessly
despoiled, like "most discordant strains in
favorite songs." Ay, sir, they will, and well
they may, derisively laugh at these cheap and
easy manifestations of our patriotism and of
our regard for the rights of the American citi-
zen; and pronounce them but the hypocritical
howlings of mere demagogues, so long and so
$r as we are guilty of turning a deaf ear to
the appeals of those in our immediate pres-
ence who have an unquestionable right to our
sympathies and to the relief for which they
pray.
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen on this floor can
no longer be excused for neglecting the rights
and interests of those in whose behalf I ap-
peal, any more than they can be excused for
the neglect of any other manifest duty. The
honor of our Government and the rights of
our fellow-citizens, however humble, are sub-
jects worthy our most earnest consideration,
and interests we should feel it a privilege to
protect. Failing to protect either is a dis-
grace, failing to respect either a crime; and
■whenever any citizen finds that he is shielded
by neither, that at home or abroad he is im-
Erotected, or his rights disregarded and tri-
ed with, condemn him not if, when thus op-
pressed and degraded, he manifests his discon-
tent by acts as well as words ; upbraid him
not when he inscribes "Ichabod" on ''the
old flag," and resolves to seek happiness and
fortune in another land, or protection under
another banner. But let us silence the voice
of discontent by administering even-handed
and impartial justice, and full protection to all
to whom we owe protection, either at home or
abroad, and thus show that we desire and in-
tend to preserve our Government, and that it
is worth preserving; show that it is a privilege,
and Dot a misfortune, to be an American citi-
zen.
ALLEGED SOUTHERN OUTRAGES.
Mr. HAYS. Mr. Speaker, the bill upon
which I beg leave to make a few remarks is
the bill reported from the joint select Commit-
tee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern States
to extend the provisions of the fourth section
of the act approved April 20, 1871, and is one
that addresses itself to the patriotic common
sense of every member of this House. It is
but fair to presume that every Representa-
tive upon this floor, hail from whatever section
of our common country he may, is deeply
interested in the peace, welfare, and general
prosperity of each particular portion of these
United States, ana hence the measure now
pending, intended and designed as it is to
promote peace in the southern States, should
receive at our hands that calm, prudent, and
dignified consideration which a subject of such
momentous importance demands. If the ori-
ginal bill was not perfect in its details and just
in its penalties it should be pruned of its im-
perfections, but deeming it to be the sense of
a majority of this House that the act of the
20th of April, 1871, generally styled " the Ku
Klux bill," is as perfect as it was possible to
make it, and that an absolute necessity existed
for the passage of such an enactment, I shall
contend that to-day the necessity for the con-
tinuance of this law is urgent and pressing in
the extreme.
This is the question that now presents
itself. That a necessity did exist none can
now deny. A little over twelve months ago,
in the discussions upon this bill, we were
told by Democratic members of this House
that no such organization as Ku Klux existed
in the southern States. Southern newspapers
treated the subject with ridicule, and asked,
with brazen effrontery , that Congressmen might
visit them and thus "dispel the phantoms of
fright." It was difficult to arouse the northern
people to the true condition of affairs on our
southern borders, and nothing but bloody facts
ever did " fire the northern heart" and soul.
Congress at last sent her investigating com-
mittees to look into the condition of affairs,
and what has been the result? Their report
is before the country, and although the halt'
has not been told, such an exhibit of murder,
bloodshed, crime, and social depravity has
been made, as to cause the crimson blush
of shame to tinge the cheek of every patriot
in the land.
Sir, for many long and weary months Re-
publicans at the South suffered without a
murmur. They were williog to attribute the
actions of southern Democrats to the passions
and hates engendered by a war disastrous to
us and our property. Looking upon her dev-
ast.ed fields and ruined homes, we were will-
ing to overlook many of their petty resent-
ments in the hope that time, the great moilifier
of all events, would soften the anger of her
people. To their social ostracism and pub-
licly expressed contempt for northern men
and women, and of all affiliation with the
Republican party, no reply was made. But
when citizens of the United States, in the
peaceful pursuits of business, were dragged
from their firesides and shot and hung because
they dared to express Republican sentiments
and uphold the cause of our country, then,
and not till then, an appeal was made for help.
You gave it in the shape of this Ku Klux bill,
and what has been the result? There have
been many convictions in Alabama and the
Carolinas, and the miserable culprits are now
paying, in solitary confinement, the just pen-
alty of their own misguided conduct.
And, sir, those of us who live in these States
can plainly see the beneficial effect of these
convictions. Much good has been done, yet
much remains to be done. Doubtless it has
deterred many from, the commission of simi-
lar offenses, but the moment this act expires
the reign of blood and terror will once more
commence, and in many parts of the South
there will be no such thing as personal safety
for any man, northern or southern, white or
black, who is a Republican voter. Let me
not be understood as saying that this bill has
restored peace or quiet, for it is not true. In
many parts of the South to-day a man would
be either killed or whipped who took an active
part in politics, provided he did so in behalf
of Republicanism. But still the bill has done
much good. It has given confidence to loyal
men. They see in it a manifestation of the
overwatching care of our Government, and
are thus buoyed up for the struggle to come.
These facts are rehearsed by me with pro-
found regret. Did I consult my own personal
inclinations I should lift every vestige of even
seeming hardship from the people of the South.
I would give them amnesty for past offenses
and extend the olive branch of peace. 1 am
a southern man myself, born and reared upon
the soil of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent. Every pulsation of my
heart is southern. I love herpeople. If they
have grievances I will labor to have them
swept away. If they have foibles and faults
(and who has not) I am disposed to forget and
forgive; but, sir, while I respect all my neigh-
bors and friends I have a sworn duty, sacred
and binding, to perform upon tixe floor of this
House. I believe it to be my duty to vote for
this bill, and I shall faithfully respond to that
call of duty, although I know it will bring
down upon my head the wrath and hate of a
great portion of the Democratic press and
people in my State.
The district represented by me is largely
Republican, and a vast majority of the voters
that sent me here are colored. This bill is
intended to protect them in the exercise of
their just rights and privileges. Although I
was a native southern man, and had been iden-
tified with the Democratic party from child-
hood up, they freely and cordially gave me
their support. I told them I was willing to
"bury the dead past." I recoguized the fact
at. the close of the war that it was my duty as
ail American citizen to throw off the shackles
of sectional feeling, and henceforth to labor
to the best of my humble ability for the wel-
fare and prosperity of these United States. I
recognized the fact that human slavery was
dead and buried forever. For one, I uttered
no lamentations over its grave, for I verily be-
lieve that the final result of that great problem
will be the moral and material advancement
of every portion of the southern States. Time
will prove the truth of the assertion.
At the close of the war I saw around me
chaos and confusion. If I had consulted my
own pecuniary interests I should have left the
land that gave me birth and gone to other
climes. But the tender association of kin-
dred and friends could not be broken. With
others, I preferred to remain and endeavor to
aid in rebuilding the shattered temple of our
Union. To do this successfully, the right of
suffrage was extended to the colored man.
This was an act of justice to him and one of
safety to the country. The shackles and man-
acles of slavery had been loosened from their
limbs; they were free men, and if freedom
meant anything it meant to give them an
equal voice in the making of the laws which
were to govern them.
Recognizing this great truth, the Congress
of the United States invested them with the
rights of citizenship and the rights of suf-
frage. The Democratic party South rebelled
at this. They denounced, vilified, and abused
those of us who believed it was right and just,
and inaugurated a system of persecution and
tyranny, not only upon the colored population,
but those of us who aided or sympathized with
them, that finds no parallel even m the bioody
and despotic annals of the Old World. Their
cry was that the " negro was ignorant." Whose
fault was that pray'/ Born in poverty and
ignorance, with local laws making it a penal
offense to educate him, with none to guide or
point the better way, the black man bided his
day of deliverance. That Declaration which
reads that "all men are born free and equal"
kept ringing in the ears of the American peo-
ple. Siowly but surely the sun of liberty, first
rising in the proud old Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, kept its course, until to-day it shines
alike upon every portion of our country.
But, sir, while nominally they are free, in
many places they to-day know no such word
as freedom. Would they exercise the right
to vote? If they did, in.many places of the
South their lives would pay the forfeit of
their act. Sir, in many parts of the South
there are numbers of colored men who have
never voted at all. Some few have voted
once, and have never dared to try the exper-
iment again. The extension of freedom to
