1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3973
structed by the Committee of Ways and Means
to ask the suspension of the rales for the con-
sideration and passage of this bill with the
substitute.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think there will be
any objection to it.
The substitute reported by the committee
■was reacL It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury on the production of proof satisfac-
tory to him of the loss at sea of any manufac-
tured tobacco on board the steamer George P.
Upton, by accidental fire, without fraud, col-
lusion, or negligence on the part of the own-
ers of such manufactured tobacco while the
same was in the custody of the United States
in transit to bonded warehouses to New York
city, to cancel such bonds as may have been
given to secure the payment of the tax thereon;
but if any portion of the taxes covered by any
of the bonds should be protected by insurance,
the amount of such insurance is to be paid to
the proper officers of the United States before
the bonds of the persons entitled to the bene-
fit of such insurance shall be canceled.
Mr. BECK. Unless there is objection I
ask that the bill be put on its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not quite understand
the provision with reference to insurance.
Mr. BECK. I can explain that in a word.
If any goods should have been insured before
the bonds are canceled, the insurance money
is to be paid to the United States.
Mr. DAWES. Not the insurance on the
article, but the insurance on the tax.
Mr. BECK. That is what the bill provides.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is right.
The question being taken on the motion
to suspend thg rules and pass the bill with
the amendment, it was agreed to; two thirds
voting in favor thereof.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment a House
bill of the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of Jane
Allen Birckhead and Virginia Campbell, sole
heirs at-law of Alexander Watson, deceased.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to reports of committees of con-
ference upon bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 463) to enable the President
to appoint a Paymaster General of the Army;
An act (S. No. 1390) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Jesse D. Simpkins; and
An act (S. No. 1914) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate with the chiefs
and head-men of the Shoshone and Bannock
tribes of Indians for the relinquishment of a
portion of their reservation in Wyoming Ter-
ritory.
homesteads for soldiers and sailors.
TUe SPEAKER. When the House last had
a morning hour the Committee on Military
Affairs occupied the floor and reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1665) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburs] desires
the regular order long enough to have a vote
taken on that bill. Is there any objection?
There was no objection.
consolidation op pension acts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I ask unanimous consent of the House to
make a statement, and I want the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions as well as of the House. Yesterday
the House passed a bill which was the third
section of the bill to consolidate the pension
acts, and my attention has been called to a
provision in that bill which I did not notice on
its reading and passage. There were provis-
ions which all the House, I am sure, approve
of. In the first place the bill gave forty dol-
lars a month to persons who lost both hands
or both eyes or both feet, or for any other
equal total disability.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker-—
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me finish
my statement. In the second place it gave
thirty dollars a month to persons who had
lost one hand and one foot. In the third
place it gave twenty dollars a month to those
who lost one hand or one foot. All of these
provisions I am sure the House was glad to
have adopted. In the next place, however, it
gave thirteen dollars a month to persons who
lost the hearing of both ears ; but in connec-
tion with that, Mr. Speaker, is the following
provision:
Or any disability to a degree for which there is no
other provisio.n in this act, shall be entitled to a pen-
sion of thirteen dollars a month.
That clause necessarily raises all the pen-
sions which are now eight dollars a month to
thirteen dollars a month, an increase of sixty.
Now I desire to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions if that was his intention ?
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman has not
found out any great secret. The Senate has
asked a committee of conference. . It was in
perfect harmony with the other sections of the
general bill which was introduced and passed,
but that section was taken out of the general
bill. Although that part is objectionable,
standing alone and separate from the general
bill, at th'e time I offered it I did not observe
it, but I did observe it immediately afterward.
As there is to be a committee of conference,
there is no sort of difficulty in having the mat-
ter corrected. If the gentleman from Ohio has
not a sufficient amount of business to attend
to as chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, perhaps the Speaker of this House
might appoint him to be chairman of half a
dozen other committees, and then perhaps he
might be satisfied with the amount of business
which he would have to attend to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the impertinence which the gentleman has ex-
hibited in the remark he has just made will
not deter me from calling the attention of the
House to a clause which is either a fraud on
the House or an act of great carelessness on
the part of those who had the matter in charge.
I am not to be deterred by anybody's insolence
from calling the attention of the House to a
section which, if it became a law, either by the
gentleman's negligence or intention, would
add $15,000,000 to the pension laws in one
day.
Mr. MOORE. It is not a new discovery.
Many members discovered it soon afterward.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad of
it, but no member has mentioned it to me.
Mr. MOORE. I believe three fourths of the
members of the House knew it long before the
gentleman did.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Did the gen-
tleman intend to put it into the bill as it passed
yesterday ?
Mr. MOORE. It was in the general bill,
as I have stated to the House. The third sec-
tion was taken out of the general bill. At that
instant of offering it was not noticed by me.
When taken out of the general bill it would be
liable to a construction not intended by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and such as it
could not have in the general bill. Since then
it has been noticed and discussed as subject to
this objectionable construction.
Mr. 'GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did notknow
that.
Mr. MOORE. I am happy to inform the
gentleman there are other men who can dis-
cover these things as well as the gentleman
from Ohio, whose nose is generally in every-
body else's business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The insolence
of the gentleman is not worthy of answer. I
shall continue to do my duty without regard
to it.
homesteads for soldiers.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the bill reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Cobcrn.]
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that every private soldier and officer
who has served in the Army of the United
States during the recent rebellion for ninety
days, and who was honorably discharged, in-
cluding the troops mustered into the service
of the United States by virtue of the third
section of an act making appropriations for
completing the defenses of Washington, and
for other purposes, approved February 13,
1862, and every seaman, marine, and officer,
or other person who has served in the Navy
of the United States, or in the Marine corps,
during the rebellion, for ninety days, and who
was honorably discharged, has remained loyal
to the Government, shall be entitled to enter
and receive a certificate for a quantity of pub-
lic lands (not mineral) not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, or one quarter section,
which shall be composed of contiguous tracts,
according to legal subdivisions, including the
alternate reserved sections of public lands
along the line of any railroad or other public
work, or other lands subject to entry under the
homestead laws in the United States, wherever
public lands have been or may be granted by
acts of Congress; and that such soldier, sea-
man, marine, or officer, his heirs or assigns,
shall be entitled to a patent for said land upon
complying with the provisions of an act to
secure homesteads upon the public domain,
except as provided in this act, and such soldier,
seaman, marine, qr officer shall be allowed
twelve months after locating his homestead
within which to commence his settlement and
improvement; and provided also, that the time
which the soldier, seaman, marine, or officer
shall have served in the Army, Navy, or
Marine corps aforesaid, or if discharged on
account of wounds received or disability in-
curred in the line of duty, then the term of
enlistment shall be deducted from the time
heretofore required to perfect title; and
provided further, that any soldier, seaman,
marine, or officer, as aforesaid, may assign his
certificate of entry within twelve months from
the date thereof to any citizen of the United
States over twenty-one years of age, or person
who has declared his intention to become such,
who has not previously availed himselt' of the
benefits of the homestead or preemption laws,
and said assignee shall suroeedto all the rights
of the said soldier, seaman, marine, or officer;
and it may be lawful for such assignee to
become the purchaser of certificates to the
amount of not more than one section or six
hundred and forty acres of land, but the same
shall be contiguous and adjoining, and for the
purpose of actual settlement; but no such
assignor of a certificate of entry shall there-
after have the right to avail himself of the
benefit uf this act or the acts heretofore passed
granting homesteads to actual settlers, nor shall
such assignee have the right to acquire any
other homestead uuder said acts; provided,
however, that no patent shall issue to said
soldier, seaman, marine, or officer, or his as-
signee, who has not resided upon, improved,
and cultivated his said homestead for a period
of at least two years; and provided further,
that said soldier, seaman, marine, or officer
shall not be required to pay any Government
fee.
The second section provides that any person
entitled under the provisions of the foregoing
section to enter a homestead, who may have
heretofore entered under the homestead laws
a quantity of land less than one hundred and
sixty acres, shall be permitted to enter under
the provisions of this act so much land as
when added to the quantity previously entered
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres.
The third section provides that in case of
