1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
factory arrangement and according to the prin-
ciples of equity; that the General Government
could exist and continue its operations with-
out them, as it did before Rhode Island and
North Carolina, acting as sovereign and inde-
pendent States, consented to give their adhe-
sion to the Constitution.
This was opposed on the part of the Govern-
ment, and by those who entertained d fferent,
sentiment'? and opinions upon its characterand
duties, and the relation which existed between
the States and the Federal Constitution; they
deemed the latter indissol j.ble, and the States so
inflexibly bound, that the people even of eleven
States—two more than formed the original
Constitution—could not change their political
relations and affinities, and must stand or fall
by the power of the General Government.
Each claimed to be sovereign; each had been
trained to believe in their respective theories,
and as no Government like ours had ever ex-
isted, and history furnished no example or in-
st-ruciion by which the great question might be
solved, it was to be deteimined by the wager
of battle. Peaceful efforts were proposed,
tried, and failed; the hopes and fears of the
country were aroused, and it was hoped that a
good Providence would avert the calamity of
war. But it came, with all its terrors and all
its horrors; it has passed into history, and its
true character is to be written by an impartial |
historian, whose pen has not yet been formed.
The history of reconstruction followed. The
South made a great mistake in going into
secession; the North made a serious one by
its plan of reconstruction. Many who sup-
ported and sustained the Government through
the whole period of the war, who stopped not
to cavil at measures which they deemed ille-
gal, because of the end to be attained, hesi-
tated, faltered, and withdrew their support at
the plan of reconstruction. The feelings en-
gendered by the war caused many to sustain
those who advocated and prosecuted it for a
considerable period, and wh® chose not to
separate from them wiih whom theyhad acted
during the perils of the country, but every
mouth that followed, and every new act of
reconstruction, of disfranchisement, of disabil-
ity, of degradation of States, lost friends to the
Administration.
This was perceptible to the dispassionate
observer, and is the result of the influence
upon the public mind of the spirit and genius
of our institutions; of the history and tradi-
tions of our country; of its former greatness
and unity of feeling ; of patriotism in peace
and war; of a common ancestry; of language;
of general ideas of agreat and glorious future;
of theunion of' feeling, of purpose, and of effort
on the field of strife against a common foe, on
the mountain wave, in the sanguinary conflict ;
with a powerful adversary; and of a common
hope of a speedy return to fraternal union and
harmony. It found a lodgment m the hearts
of men, of Christians, of friends, of phiian-
t hropists. Thanks to the good and great Ruler
of the universe, that even in our fallen state
there remains that sense of chaiity, of benev-
olence, of kindness, of forgiveness, of sympa-
thy, and of friendship which neither policy nor
statecraft can eliminate or destroy I
Why, Mr. President, so rejoiced was the heart
of the nation upon the surrender of Lee. and
the return of tranquillity, that it forgot all the
tragic scenes of the war, and looked only to
the promising and delightful prospects and
fruition of peace. My candid opinion is that
if President Lincoln had lived to carry out
his programme of reconstruction, or if his suc-
cessor had been permitted to consummate what
his predecessor had begun, we should now be
a happy, a cordially united, and prosperous
people ; and the Republican party stronger,
with a more hopeful future. Every fresh at-
tempt at reconstruction has acted upon the
party lile the rebound of an overloaded gun
upon its possessor. The idea of taxing the
men of the South, and of enforcing every civil
duty upon them, while disabling them by acts
of Congress from the enjoyment of equal rights
with the most humble and obscure, is not con-
sonant with the genius of our Government nor
with the spirit and temper of our people ; in
fact, the idea is not American, it is exotic,
and cannot be incorporated into our American
system, nor made compatible with our views
of civil liberty.
The practice of calling the rebellion a Dem-
ocratic rebellion, and of charging the Demo-
crats of the North with a want of loyalty to the
Government., is ill as bad taste as it is incon-
sistent with the truth of history ; for it is known
to ail that with comparatively few exceptions
the \V bi_cs and Democrats of the South went
iulo secession and supported that cause, while
the mass or majority of them in the North sus-
tained the Government with men, money, and
arms. The fact must be patent to all wiio are
not blinded or infatuated by paity spirit that
without the aid of the Democrats of the Noith
secession would have been successful. Now
that the war has terminated successfully for
the Government, it does not become those who
supported it to taunt with disloyalty those who
gave it as effectual aid as themselves, because
they did not cooperate in subsequent legisla-
tion which they deem inconsistent with the
principles and spirit of the Constitution.
But it is alleged by some as a reason for
keeping up invidious distinc'.ions m the South
that they do not fully accept and conform to
the situation or new condition of things pro-
duced by the war and the legislation sub-
sequent 10 it. Surely, no sensible man can
expect that because the lesistanee to the Gov-
ernment was suppressed, the South exhausted,
conquered, and subdued, such a result could
change the opinions of men on constitutional
subjects. Pnysical force, bayonets, nor the
sword ever cliangod an opinion ; the mental
forces are superior to the physical; the latter
may be controlled and modified by the foimer,
but the operations of the mind and the con-
clusions of the judgment are unaffected by the
march or the conflicts of armies.
If the South had procured foreign aid, or of
itself had proved an oveimateh lor the Gov-
ernment, would that have changed the opinions
which prevailed in the North, and which Mr.
Webster enforced and sustained with his great
ability, as to the powers and faculties of the Fed-
eral Constitution? They would have remained
unchanged. The reason, the intelligence,_ of
neither parly, as to their respective theories,
were altered; but while this was so abstractly,
yet practically and in all the relations which
the southern States sustained to the Govern-
ment, as established by the result of the war,
they accepted the condition, submitted to the
practical workings of the Constitution, so far
as that they could not secede or break up the
Union, or dissolve their connection with it,
and would live peaceably and quietly under it.
Thegreat question presented, whetherStates
had a right to secede, was determined by bat-
tle and the conflict of arms; the solution was
practically made that States could not secede,
and that the Union of the States should remain
intact; the South made the issue, the North
accepted it; the verdict of arms was against
the South, and to that conclusion, settled by a
tribunal higher than the courts, and from
which there is no appeal, they submit. What
more can you expect? What more anticipate
or hope for? You have triumphed; the vie
tory is yours ; the fruits of it should be equality,
peace, harmony, prosperity. You have ad-
mitted them to representation ; have raised the
former slaves to the rights of citizenship ; the
States, by the Constitution, have equal power,
dignity, and honor. We are again one undi-
vided people. Ephiribus imum is again our
motto in form ; but how can it be in the sense
and spirit of its original, which was the pride
and boast of Washington, Adams, Jefferson,
Madison, and others, by whose wisdom and
statesmanship the charter of our liberties was
formed and preserved, if distinctions and in-
equalities are kept up? Let it not be said that
this great right should be deferred because of
some disorders in the South.
After such a long and terrible conflict, which
aroused for a time the passions and animosi-
ties of men ; after such losses, privations, and
sufferings, which a war only could produce,
would you expect a sudden transition to quiet-
ness. to order, and to law? Human passions
require time to cool, to subside; human nature
needs time with attendant auspicious circum-
stances to become conformed to other condi-
tions ; there is always an extreme or refrac-
tory element in. every community, small in
comparison to the whole, yet of sufficient
strength for a time to irritate and disturb the
body-politic ; it assumes all forms and prac-
tices all devices, despite the wishes for thegood
order and harmony of the community.
But evil exists in the North, and in every
section of the country; crimes of all grades
and flagramcy are committed. Newspapers
are freighted with their accounts, and the lov-
ers of law and tranquillity are mourning over
the depravity and disturbances which prevail;
but these should not prolong a policy, wrong
in its nature and inception, and which can only
be productive of mischief in the future, as it
has been of evil in the past. I have wondered
at. the facility and readiness with which com-
parative tranquillity and order were restored
in the South, when it is recollected that the
war, in all its attributes of horror and destruc-
tion, was brought to the homesteads of that
gallantand otiee happy people. We should also
view the subject from a southern stand point,
to be able to judge fairly and impartially.
How different the treatment of the South
has been from what the dictates of humanity
and of sound policy prescribed, and how unlike
the American character, which is marked by
magnanimity and generosity. The bill author-
izing the Presiden t to suspend the writ, of habeas
corpus whenever he shei.ll decide to do so is a
plain and palpable infraction of the Constitu-
tion, which declares that "the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended
unless when in eases of rebellion or invasion the
public safety may require it." Rebellion is
armed resistance to or an open and avowed
renunciation of the authority of the Govern-
ment. In either aspect it must be open and
avowed.
Invasion is a hostile entrance into the pos-
sessions of another, as of England by William
the Norman, or of our own country by English
troops in the days of our struggle for inde-
pendence; but so cautious were the (ram era
of the Constitution, and so strongly disposed
to protect the liberty of the citizen, that, they
superadded the requisition of the "public
safety," even incases of rebellion orinvasion;
they did not intend to invest Congress with
the power of suspension unless the peril and
life of the Government required it. It was
not any rebellion or invasion, or both, that
KtKiiuld cau e this latent and dangerous power
to spring into action, for the term " public
safety" means the safety and preservation of
the Government.
Congress alone can exercise this power
when the emergency arises; they represent the
States and the people, and their judgment on
this subject is, in theory, the judgment, of the
country. This power cannot be delegated to
another; the discretion, consideration, and
judgment of Congress cannot be transferred;
the crisis can only be judged by them, and no
one man can constitutionally exercise the wis-
dom, the prudence, the power of that body.
As well might Congress delegate the war-mak-
ing power to the President as the power to
deprive the citizen of the right to this groat
writ, so indispensable to the enjoyment " of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." _
The Supreme Court, in the case of Martin
vs. Mott., in 12 Wheaton, laid down the rulem
reference to statutes, and the reason is stronger
