2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
sarily preclude the further reading of this bill
by sections.
Mr. CONGER. Then I hope that the read-
ing of the bill will be proceeded with.
Mr. WOOD. I was under the impression
that the order of the House as read by the
Clerk at the commencement of the consider-
ation of this bill to-day, stated that at half
past four to-day the previous question should
be operative upon this bill. If so, then the
motion to recommit could not be made after
that time. I therefore make the motion now,
before it shall be cut off by the operation of
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
is now in order.
Mr. CONGER. The order of the House,
aa I understood it, was that this bill should be
made the special order for to-day at half past
one o'clock, and read and amended section
by section until half past four o'clock, when
the previous question should operate upon it,
unless previously ordered.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House,
as made on the 21st of March, was that " the
further consideration of this bill shall be post-
poned until April 4 next, (to-day,) and made
the special order for that day after onS and a
half o'clock p. m., to the exclusion of all other
orders, and that the main question shall be
considered as ordered at the hour of four and
a half o'clock p. m."
Mr. CONGER. Does not the order further
say "unless previously ordered?"
The SPEAKER. It does not. But the
order does not preclude the House from pre-
viously ordering the main question, or laying
the bill on the table, or recommitting it, or
postponing it to a day certain, or postponing
it indefinitely, or agreeing to any other motion
in regard to it that inay be parliamentary.
Mr. CONGER. The reading of the bill is
nearly completed ; I hope wc will be allowed
to go on and conclude it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It'the previous
question, as provided by the order of the
House, does not preclude the further reading
of the bill 
The SPEAKER. It would if insisted upon,
ft being now half past four o'clock the pre-
vious question is operative, and the first ques-
tion must be upon the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood,] to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ex-
press the very earnest hope that we may finish
this bill to-day. We have not been able to go
on with the consideration of any of the appro-
priation bills for two weeks past.
Mr. COX. There is no pressing necessity
for considering them to the exclusion of other
business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Senate are
now beginning to send back to us the appro-
priation bills we have already passed. I only
ask that we may sit out this bill to-night, be-
cause if it goes over it will interfere with the
business of another day. I therefore insist on
the regular order.
Mr. -ELDREDGE. Tf the gentleman will
look around the Hall of the House he will see
that there is no quorum present.
Mr. WOOD. I desire that my position in
reference to this bill shall be distinctly under-
stood. The bill, in my view, contains some
good features, while at the same time many
of its provisions are crude and badly drafted.
I propose that it shall be recommitted, so that
it may hereafter be reported again and passed
in better shape than it can be if finally acted
on now. I desire that the sense of the House
shall be tested on the motion to recommit.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to say, in reply to
the gentleman from New York, that this bill
has had the most careful consideration of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
York.
Mr. V\ OOD. They do not legislate for us.
Mr. CONGER. And it has also had the
most careful consideration of the Committee
on Commerce of the present Congress, as well
as of the same committee in the last Congress.
Mr. WOOD. We ought to consider it our-
sgi v6s.
Mr. POTTER. If this bill be recommitted
now, it cannot be passed this session. A re-
commitment will be practically the end of it.
Mr. COX. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to say that vari-
ous appropriation bills have come back from
the Senate, and that therefore there is an
urgency in regard to the disposition of this
'bill. I would like to know what appropriation
bills have come back from the Senate?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
covering more than seventy printed pages,
which has been returned with numerous amend-
ments, is now in the hands of the Committee
on Appropriations of this House, and will
speedily be reported.
Mr. COX. It is not yet reported?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, sir.
Mr. COX. Then it is not ready for the
action of the House.
Mr. CONGER. I hope that the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio] will allow this bill, which
is as important as any bill of which he can
possibly have charge, to have its hearing and
be passed to-night.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is exactly
what I desire. I am in favor of this bill, and
I wish to see it become a law. We have to-
day had debate upon it extending over two
hours, in which time the bill might have been
read through.
Mr. KING. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
now operating on this bill. The first question
to be voted on, when the motion of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. King] is disposed
of, will be that of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] to recommit the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If this bill be
now recommitted it will be the last we shall
hear of it. The Committee on Commerce
during the last Congress spent a long time on
this bill, and the same committee of this Con-
gress has also spent a great deal of time upon
it. If it be now recommitted, there will be
lio chance to reach it again this session, and
all the labor which has been bestowed upon
the measure during the last two years will
be lost.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. If it be recommit-
ted with leave to report it back at any time,
can it not come up again?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. There are so
many special orders that if the bill be now re-
committed, it is lost; it will have no chance
of being passed at this session.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The first guestion is on
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. King.] that the House adjourn.
The question being taken on agreeingto the
motion, there were—ayes 49, noes 75.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I suggest whether by general
consent we may not sit here and let this bill
be read through. We can then act more un-
derstandingly upon any motion affecting it,
including the motion of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood.]
There are some sections which have not yet
been read which clearly should be amended.
Without being amended some of us would not
vote for the bill or would vote for it reluctantly.
It will take but little time to go ou and finish
the reading of the bill.
Mr. \VOOD. It is evident, when there are
twenty sections yet remaining, and some of
the most important in the bill, it will be impos-
sible^ to read and properly consider them this
evening. If the gentleman will move to post-
pone it to this day week, I will withdraw my
proposition.
Mr. CONGER. I cannot consent to it.
Mr. TWICHELL. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion of the gentleman from New-
York to recommit the bill. Theprevious ques-
tion is now operating by order of the House,
and the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Con-
ger,] who reported the bill, is entitled to an
hour for debate.
Mr. CONGER. I have promised, suppos-
ing there would be an hour for debate, to yield
the floor to some gentlemen for the purpose
of expressing their views upon this question,
and in justice to them, if possible, I must still
insist on sustaining that right. Could not that
discussion be had after the vote on the motion
now pending?
The SPEAKER. It could not if the bill be
recommitted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to move a substitute for the bill?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
began to operate at half past four o'clock,
and it is not in order to move au amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I submit the matter to the
House to dispose of the bill as it deems best.
The question was taken on the motion to
recommit the bill; and upon a division there
were—ayes 42, noes 75 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Conger and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 77.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WOOD called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. Should the House now adjourn
will not this be the first business in order in the
morning?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
in the morning will be the question upon the
call of the gentleman from New York for the
yeas and nays on the motion to recommit.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn ; and upon adivision, there were—
ayes 50, noes 72.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the yeas
and nays on the motion to recommit the pend-
ing bill; and being taken, the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. HAY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 56, noes 76.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDREDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr, Conger and
Mr. Eldredge were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 59.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the
motion to recommit, and it was decided in
the negative—-yeas 43, nays 85, not voting
112; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Bell, Bird, Brax-
ton, Conner, Cox, Crossland, Davis, Du Bose, Duke,
Lldredge, Getz, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Har-
per, John T. Harris. Herndon. Hibbard, Hooper,
Manson, Marshall,McClelland, Melntyre, MeNeely.
Merrick, Benjamin P. Meyeis, Morgan, Hosea W.
Parker, Eh Perry, Read, Edward Y. Rice, William
11. Roberts, fehober, Slater, Swarm, Terry, Tuthill,
Whitthorne. Winchester, Wood, and Young—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry Beatty, Bevendge, Bright, George M. Brooks,
Buffinton, Burehard, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick
it. Butler, Coburn. Coghlan, Conger, Critcher,
Crocker, Dawes, De Large, Dickey, Donnan, Dun-
2 iCharles Foster, Wilder D. floater. Gar-
field, Griffith, Hale, George B. Harris, Hawley. Hay,
berry W. Hazelton, Hoar, Hulinan, Kelley, Ketch -
W' Lamport, ATaynard, McCrary, McGrow,
McJunkin, Mereur, JVIerriam. Monroe. Leonard
Myers N ex ley Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac
U Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Potter, Rainey, Ellis II.
Jioberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Sheldon,
golm A. Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens,
btevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, Sypher,
lane, JLhoinas, Dwight Townsend. Turner, Twich-
