3974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
the death of any person who would be entitled
to a homestead under the provisions of the
first section of this act, his widow, if un-
married, or in case of her death or marriage,
then his minor orphan children, shall be en-
; titled to all the benefits enumerated in this act;
provided, that if such person died during his
lerm of enlistment, ihe whole term of his en-
listment shall be deducted from the time here-
tofore required to perfect the title.
The fourth section provides that every sol-
dier, seaman, marine, and officer who served
in the Army or Navy for the said period of
ninety days, and is now inscribed on the pen-
sion-rolls of the United States, or may here-
after be inscribed on said rolls on account of
■wounds received or disabilities incurred in the
line of duty, may, in lieu of the rights, priv-
ileges, and benefits hereinbefore conferred,
enter upon by any agent or attorney, and re-
ceive a patent for one quarter section of land,
as provided in section one of this act, and
shall be entitled to all the benefits of said first
section, and liable to all the provisions there-
of, except as to the personal residence; and
that all acts and things required to bo done by
said homestead settler, by said first section,
may be done by said agent or attorney, pro-
vided that 110 such agent or attorney shall act
as such for more than one person at the same
time.
The fifth section provides that all declara-
tions and proofs required under this act and
the former acts granting homesteads to actual
settlers maybe taken before the judge or clerk
of any couit of record in the United States, or
of any State or Territory, and when duly au-
thenticated under the official seal of such court,
shall be of the same force and effect as if taken
before the register or receiver of the proper
laud office.
The sixth section provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall
have authority to make all needful rules and
regulations to carry into effect the provisions
of the act.
Mr. DUNNELL. I hope that some time
will be given for the discussion of this bill. A
more important bill has not been before this
Congress.
Air. (JOBURN. It has been discussed.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to discuss it.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask unanimous consent
that it be discussed for a short time.
The SPEAKER. The House gave unani-
mous consent to the bill being brought up in
the morning hour; that the regular order
should be so long pending as to bring the bill
before the House.
Mr. COBURN. I call for a vote.
Mr. DUNNELL. All the new States will
be most seriously affected by the passage of
the bill; and I hope the House will consent
'to a discussion of it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question
on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time. The Chair appoints as tellers
Mr. Cobub.v and Mr. Doxxeli,.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 07, Does 77.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
0RD1SR, OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I now move that the
rules be suspended, and that the bill (S. No.
1026) for the relief of the officers and crew
of the United States steamer Vicksburg be
put upon its passage.
Mr. COBUltN. I desire that the question
shaH be put on the bill on which the House
has just been voting.
'Ihe SPE vKER. What question does the
gentleman desire to have put?
Mr. COBURN. I desire to have the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Bat the House has re-
fused to second the demand for the previous
question. The Chair asked unanimous con-
sent on behalf of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that the regular
order for a morning hour should be maintained
long enough to get a vote on the bill.
Mr. COBURN. I understood thatthe morn-
ing hour began with the understanding that it
was to continue until this bill should be put
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. But the House refused
to second the demand for the previous ques-
tion. And when the House has so refused,
how can the gentleman put the bill on its pas-
sage?
Mr. COBURN. I submit to the Chair that
the question is now on the passage of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
will the House order the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time? on which, in order to
secure a vote, the gentleman demanded the
previous question, and the House refused to
second the demand.
Mr. COBURN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The rules do not allow it.
Mr. COBURN. Then I move to suspend-
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman at a later period for that pur-
pose, if he desires it. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Sutherland] has risen to move
to suspend the rules, and the Chair asked
unanimous consent that the bill reported by
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs should be considered in the morning
hour in order to give it the advantage ot'
having a majority vote instead of a two-thirds
vote.
Mr. COBURN. I understood that I had
the floor.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose?
Mr. COBURN. I understood that I had
the floor as chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, for the purpose of having
this bill put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. But how does the gentle-
man think he could maintain the floor when
it has been in order at any time during the
last ten days of the session to move to sus-
pend the rules ?
UNITED STATES STEAMER VICKSBU11G.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I now insist on my
motion that the rules be suspended, and that
the bili (S. No. 1026) for the relief of the offi-
cers and crew of the United States steamer
Vicksburg be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in conjunction with the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to draw from tbe Navy
pension fund the moiety of the proceeds of
seventy-eight bales of cotton picked up at sea
by the officers and crew of the United States
steamer Vicksburg on the 31st day of May and
1st day of June, 1864, said moiety having been
erroneously credited to said fund, and direct
the proper accounting .officers of the Treasury
to distribute and pay the same to the officers
and crew of said vessel as provided by law.
Mr. ARCHER. This bill ought not to pass.
It was considered by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and tbe committee was divided in
regard to it. At all events, it ought not to pass
now without some discussion. This is but one
case, but it will open twenty-seven other cases
that have been decided by the circuit courts of
the United States. It takes from the pension
fund a very large amount of money. I hope
the House will not pass the bill without an
opportunity being given for a full hearing in
regard to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
am here to represent twenty seven other like
cases, which 1 will insist on having put on as
amendments if this should pass. One is as
just as the other.
The question was put on Mr. Sutherland's
motion ; and (two thirds not voting in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
UTAH KAILItOAD, ETC., COMPANY.
Mr. NEGLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining to move that the
rules be suspended and thai House bill No.
1739, to incorporate the Utah Railroad Mining
and Land Company be passed with amend-
ments.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. KILLINGER. I rise to a point of
order. This is a very important bill, and there
is so much noise that we cannot hear it read.
Mr. DAWES. What is it?
Mr. KILLINGER. I am told that it is to
incorporate a great land corporation.
Mr. DAWES. I thought it was a directory.
Mr. KILLINGER. We ought at least to
hear it rGftd
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
thiit a bill may be objected to at the very
outset before it is read.
The Clerk then resumed and completed the
reading of the bill.
Mr. KILLINGER. Is it in order to object
to this bill?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules and pass it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the bill will be at
least open to amendment.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman from Indi-
ana desires to offer an amendment, and I
have 110 objection to that.
Mr. KILLINGER. 1 object to debate.
Mr. AMBLEK. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania really expect to pass this extra-
ordinary bill without debate? ,
Mr. NEGLEY. If the House will allow
me to bring up this bill to-morrow morning, I
have no objection whatever to its going over.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. No; noth-
ing of that kind can be done by consent.
This is too big a thing for that.
Mr. NEGLEY. I call for tellers on my
motion.
Tellers were not ordered, only six members
voting therefor.
The question was put upon Mr. Negi.ey's
motion; and (two thirds not voting in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
ORDER OF BUSINESS,
Mr. STOUGHTON, I am instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report
back, with an amendment, the Senate bill
which I send to the Clerk's desk, and to move
that the rules be suspended, and the bill, with
the amendment, passed.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment to offer a
resolution which will not take but a moment
or two, as I desire to leave the House.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield for that pur-
pose. *
PAY OF PAGES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be, and he is hereby, directed to pay the
pages of the House for the whole month of June out
of the contingent fund of the Houso.
This is a very deserving class of employs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to'
the gentleman that this resolution would do
no good.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The law regu-
lates the pay of these pages.
Ihe SPEAKELl. There is a law directly
against such a resolution as this.
Mr. FAUNS WOE TEL. I think the Chair
is mistaken. The law provides that we can-
not increase their pay except by an act, bufc
we may direct the Clerk to pay them for a
complete month. There is no law against that.
If we adjourn on the 3d of June this will
authorize the Clerk to pay the pages for the
whole month.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see how that can
