390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
«/ *
and the rule more imperative when the Con-
stitution gives a discretionary power to act,.
They said, "Wherever a statute gives a dis-
cretionary power to any person, to be exercised
by him upon his own opinion of certain facts,
it is a sound rule of construction that the
statute constitutes him the sole and exclusive
judge of the existence of those facts." It is
a remarkable fact that in the history of our
Government this great writ, so vital to the
Itepubl.''", was never suspended till the year
18U3, in the Presidency of Mr. Lincoln. The
country having passed through all the excite-
ments of its political organization, of nullifi-
cation, and of war, without a resort" to this
extreme and dangerous experiment, it was
left to the party now in power to make the
first inroad into the Constitution and this
great, safeguatd of popular liberty.
Mr. Jefferson was so jealous of the rights of
the citizen, and so opposed to the exercise of
arbitrary power, that he stated in his corre-
spondence he was opposed to the suspension
of this writ, in any case whatever, declaring
himself in favor of '"the eternal and unremit-
ting force of the habeas corpus laws," and
asked the question emphatically, " Why sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus in insurrections
and rebellions?" Judge Story, in his Com-
mentary on the Constitution, in writing on this
writ, says, " It is therefore justly esteemed the
great bulwark of personal liberty, since it is
the appropiiute remedy to ascertain whether
any person is rightfully in confinement or not,
and the cause of his confinement; and if no
sufficient ground of detent ion appears, the party
is entitled to his immediate discharge." He
adds, "• It would seem as the power is given to
Congress to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
ill eases of rebellion or invasion, that the right
to jud^e whether the exigency has a'isen must
exclusively belong to that body and he refers
to Chancellor Kent as entertaining the same
opinion.
In a time of profound peace, when the officers
of the Government are respected and then-
functions performed in evetv section of the
Union—nearly seven years after the war and
tlu; commencement of the work of reconstruc-
tion, when taxes are levied and paid, and the
courts sit in security, dispense justice to liti-
gants, and execute their judgments—wo tind a
portion of the South overrun by Federal sol-
diers, which thev are taxed to support; private
houscsand families invaded; thecitizendragged
away from liis wife and children, and incar-
cerated in distant prisons, without the common
piivilegeof being informed of the author atid
cause of his arrest, denied the right of habeas
corpus, which is awarded to the commonest
felon.
Such a course is subversive of all constitu-
tional Government; it is destructive of civil
liberty; strikes at the foundation of Our insti-
tutions, and sets up a dictator in the person
of the President, clothing him with absolute
power over the rights and liberties of the peo-
ple, and if unrebuked will lead to a despotism
infinitely greater than that exercised over our
colonial existence.
It was said by an eminent judge that the
writ of habeas corpus is the angel of the Con-
stitution; but it is now made the plaything of
Congress and a puppet of the President. Our
f itbers would not, dared not, desired not, to
violate the letter or the spirit of the Constitu-
tion by the suppression of the writ and the
oppression of the people. They estimated the
value of the liberty of the citizen. They knew
that without it life was intolerable and exist-
ence a burden; but our present rulers and
party in power, aided by a partisan judge,
trample upon what is saered and dear to the
American heart. But I warn them against the
smothered feelings of an outraged public, which
may not always endure aggressions upon the
Constitution and the personal rights of the
people, but will, in time, rise in their majesty,
and by constitutional means hurl them'from
power. Wrong will not always succeed or
perpetuate itself.
Mr. Webs'er, in liis great speech at Bunker
Hill. s?id, " If the true spark of civil and reli-
gious liberty be kindled, it will burn. Human
agency cannot extinguish it. Like the earth's
central fire, it may be smothered for a time ;
the ocean may overwhelm it; mountains may
press it down ; but its inherent and unconquer-
able fore? will heave both the ocean and the
land, and at some time or another, in some
place or another, the volcano will break out
and flame up to heaven."
We sometimes hear gentlemen talk of look-
ing to the South for " works meet for repent-
ance," and when they have proof of such they
will be willing to exercise the required clem-
ency 1 These terms are general, and I have
not heard any definition of them. We are
therefore left to conjecture what they mean,
and to wait for a clearer explanation of this
misty and indefinite generality when used in a
political sense. General Longstreet, who com-
manded in the armies of the South, whose mili-
tary skill and prowess won many a battle-field,
and whose name seemed to be identified with
success, did "work meet for repentance" by
accepting a lucrative office in the custom-house
at New Orleans.
Whether that was tlie rule or the exception
we have not been informed; but the work
most essential has been performed. Govern-
ments have been organized under your recon-
struction laws; Executives and Legislatures
have been elected, judges installed, and law
administered, education provided for, and sal-
utary laws in many instances enacted; indus-
try meets with its reward, labor is resuming
its wonted channels, a recuperative energy
manifests itself among the people, and the
sun of prosperity is beginning to shine as for-
merly upon the efforts and enterpiise of that
region. What more 01- better evidences of
"accepting the situation" is wanted to com-
plete the picture?
It is not to be supposed that any Senator
would expect a southerner who applies to have
disabilities removed to do so in a cringing or
supplicating manner, with loud professions of
loyalty and with humiliating promises of obe-
dience and submission. A man who would
thus act would disparage his claim, and by
truckling and affected loyalty detract from the
dignity and bearing of an American citizen.
When he comes in the spirit and manhood of
a patriot and asks a removal of the restric-
tions under which he labors, by that very act
he recognizes your authority, accepts the con-
dition, renews his loyalty and allegiance to the
altered situation, acknowledges secession to
bo a failure, and asks to be reinstated in all
Ins orginal rights and privileges, that he may
render to the Government the aid which intel-
ligence and patriotism might bring to restore
it to its original, healthful, constitutional action
and policy, that its mision and beneficent
results may be a blessing to the people.
Congress expects good governments to be
formed and well administered, and yet by its
legislation it excludes many of thebest citi-
zens of the South from holding office. It keeps
open a wound constantly irritated and calcu-
lated to produce dissatisfaction and discontent.
You expect the public mind of the South to
be composed when you apply a constant irri-
tant. There are now, perhaps, forty thousand
prevented from holding office by reason of the
fourteenth amendment. By keeping up dis-
qualifications and prohibitions you derogate
from the dignity and equality of States. You
admit them to representation, yet dwarf their
choice, limit their volition, and impair their
coordinate authority and character as States.
The distinguished William Pinckney, of
Maryland, in discussing the Missouri question
and denying the authority of Congress to im-
pose the restriction upon the introduction of
slavery into the Territories, said in emphatic
terms, '• No man can contradict me wjien I
say that 'if you have this power you may
squepze down anew-born sovereign St-ite to
the sizcof a pigmy, and then, taking it between
finger and thumb, stick it into some niche of
the Union, and stiil continue, by way of mock-
ery to call it a State in the sense of the Consti-
tution. You may waste it to a shadow and
then introduce it into the society of flesh and
blood, an object of scorn and derision. You
may sweat, and reduce it to a thing of skin and
bone, and then place the ominous skeleton
beside the ruddy and healthful members of the
Union, that it may have leisure to mourn the
lamentable difference between itself and its
companions ; to brood over its disastrous pro-
motion, and to seek in justifiable discontent
an opportunity for separation, insurrection,
and rebellion."
Patrick Henry is admitted to have been one
of the wisest and most eloquent members of
the Virginia convention which adopted the
Constitution, and of the whole country ; in true
eloquence he was unsurpassed, if equaled ; Ins
patriotism was kindled by the fires of the Revo-
lution, and burned with a bright and unsullied
luster. He thought he saw in the Constitution
of the United States, then proposed, the ele-
ments of tyranny and oppression to the States ;
warned his countrymen against, its adoption,
and in concluding one of the ablest and m ist
eloquent speeches of his life, said, "Gentle-
men may retain their opinions, but I look on
that paper as the most fatal plan that could
possibly be conceived to enslave a free people.
If such be your rage for novelty, take it, and
welcome; but you never shall have my consent.
My sentiments may appear extravagant, but I
can tellyouthatanumberot' my fellow citizens
have kiudred sentiments ; and I am anxious,
if my country should come into the hands of
tyranny, to exculpate myself from being in any
degree the cause, and to exert my faculties to
the utmost to extricate her."
Senators, shall we not wipe out every vestige
of real or seeming oppression and wrong, every
degrading distinction, every semblance of in-
vidiousness, so that the people of this whole
countiy may stand upon the broad foundation
of equal iaws and of equal rights, that thenars
and predic ions of fhe great Henry may not be
verified in our experience, and that the pen of
the historian may write of us in after years
that we were the freest, happiest people that
ever lived under the benign influence of the
equality and dignity of States composing a
Union of the whole?
Macaulay, in his History of England, said
that according to the purest idea of constitu-
tional royally the prince reigns and does not
govern. As our form of governmtiit is supe-
rior to others, should it not be the aim and
object of legislators so to conduct, ilu: affairs
of State, to fashion and mold our laws, to
lighten the burdens and multiply the advan-
tages, that the General Government may be
felt and known only in its salutary influenc, s
and operations, and thus secure the admiration
and confidence of the people of the country?
The justice and policy of removing the legal
and political disabilities of southern citizens
is so apparent, and they uuitein urging it upon
Congiess with such a degree- of foice, that it
seems more than strange to an impartial ob-
server that it should be postponed'tor a single
day. Afier the adoption of the fil'teenthamend-
ment, which placed the ballot in the hands of
eight hundred thousand negroes, made citizens
of the United States and eligible to office, it
becime a moral and political necessity to put
the white population of the South upon the
same basis of equality. The idea of giving
to former slaves political privileges denied to
their masters, and making them in that respect
superior to the latter, was a species of moral
torture and injustice that finds no parallel m
history, and which shocks our sensibility and
sense of justice.
It is well known that during the war the col-
ored population of the Sotjtk adhered to thy
