3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
them is a farce and a fraud unless they are
protected in the exercise of all its privileges.
Many southern people seem to affect a pecu-
liar dislike for the colored man just now. I
entertain no such false prejudice against them.
Year after year did they work and toil for our
people. The sweat of their brows built our
palatial residences, educated our children,
and kept us from want. In the hour of peril
and need, when the din of battle was heard
from one end of my State to the other, when
without their aid I should have been helpless,
they sustained me and mine, and to-day I
feel that I owe them rather a debt of gratitude
than personal hate and revenge. It is this
feeling that in part makes me advocate this
bill to-day. It is for their benefit and the ben-
efit of the entire country. Do gentlemen upon
this floor desire to have a full and fair expres-
sion of the voters in the South in the coming
elections? If they do, this bill is a necessity
and must be passed. Sir, look at my State.
With a clear and undisputed majority of at
least ten thousand Republican votes, what do
we behold? A Democratic Governor, Dem-
ocratic State officers, and a Democratic house
of representatives in the General Assembly
of the State. How was this result obtained ?
By a system of fraud, Ku Klux intimidation
and murder that stands unparalleled in the
history of our country.
Mr. SLOSS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HAYS. Certainly.
Mr. SLOSS. You state that, the Demo-
cratic party carried the State by intimidation
and fraud. I wish to ask if during that eiec
tion United States troops were not scattered
all over the State, and the polls supervised
by United States forces ?
Mr. HAYS. Not in my district at all.
There was not a soldier at a precinct in the
district 1 represent that 1 heard of during that
election.
Mr.^ SLOSS. Another question. Is not
that district at least eighteen thousand negro
majority?
Sir. HAYS. I expect it is about sixteen
thousand.
Mr. SLOSS. Were not the county officers
all Republicans ?
Mr. HAYS. They were not; they were
Democrats.
_ Mr. SLOSS. How could that be with
sixteen thousand majority negroes?
Mr. HAYS. Becausc the Democrats drove
away the Republican officers' and took the
offices themselves. Colored men are all
Republicans ; it is natural that they should
be; Democratic money can never buy
them.; but fail to extend the operations
of this bill, and Ku Klux pistols and mid-
night scourgings will do the work that gold
could not. All that we desire in Alabama is
a full and fair election. Let us have that, and
I pledge you my sacred word that instead of
having three Republican Congressmen upon
the floor of this House, we shall have at least
five. Instead of being ruled over by a Demo-
cratic Governor, placed over us by frauds
worse than Tammany ever dared commit, we
shall have a Republican ruler, and in the com-
ing presidential struggle Ulysses S. Grant,
recognized as hp is as the great leader of the
Republican hosts, will triumphantly carry the
I know, Mr. Speaker, that the denials of Ku
Jiluxism in the South have now died away,
iven a distinguished ex-Senator of the United
States, and a Democrat., who acted as counsel
for a number of them in South Carolina, ad-
mitted the fact of such organizations. Rut
they seek to palliate the existence of these
murdering bands by crying out that the people
of the South have been robbed and plundered
by the Republican party. If this be true, why
does not the "reign of law" supposed to exist
'~'"i hold of and punish them?
A distinguished Senator in a recent speech
at Cooper Institute, New York, desirous of
framing some excuse for his defection to the
j party which he has so long and so faithfully
served, among other things says :
"The debt of Alabama was less than six million
dollars in 1860. and at the present time its contin-
gent and absolute debt is near forty million dollars."
It is indeed a passing wonder that such a
Senator should have made such a statement.
Certainly he did not derive his information
from authentic sources, for the mistake (?) is
absolutely wonderful and stupendous. From
the auditor's report of the financial condition
of the State of Alabama we learn that in 1860
the debt of Alabama was just $3,445,000.
Provisional Governor Patton's Democratic
administration increased this debt $1,500,000.
This was prior to reconstruction. The ad-
ministration of William H. Smith increased
the debt $500,000; ergo, to-day the "abso-
lute indebtedness" of Alabama is precisely
$5,445,000, no more nor less.
Now, as to the " contiugentdebt," the nature
of which is well understood by every business
man in the country, "contingent debts" in
well-regulated business transactions rarely
become "absolute." Before "reconstruc-
tion," during the reign of an Andrew Johnson
Governor and an Andrew Johnson General
Assembly, not five of whom have ever been
identified with the Republican parry, a law
was enacted providing that the State should
indorse railroad bonds at the rate of $16,000
a mile. As yet it is impossible to say what
the liability of the State on account of such
railroads may he, because but, few of them are
finished; but conceding that every projected
railroad should quality itself to receive this
State indorsement—a thing, by the way, per-
fectly impossible—then the total contingent
liability of the State would be but a fraction over
nineteen million dollars; not half the amount
stated by the Cooper Institute speaker as the
absolute and contingent debt of my State to-
day. But be the amount in the future large or
small, reconstruction under Republicanism is
not responsible for the amount. Our debt is
large and all good men deplore it, but sore-
head Republicans must look to some other
quarter than Alabama for justification of their
desertion of Republicanism. Just here let
me remark that I do not pretend to vindicate
the conduct of all men who have affiliated
with the Republican party in my State, for
perfection belongs neither to party nor to
church in this land of ®urs. If Republicans
have been guilty of the wrongdoings or crimes
alleged against them, why, in the name of
Heaven, are they not, punished? Democrats
rule the State of Alabama to day, and there
is no stumbling-block in the way. If they
were so disposed, Republican judges arid Re-
publican juries can do nothing, for they are
numbered "among the things that were."
Sir, the truth is that Democrats have plun-
dered the State far more than Republicans.
Under Republican rule Alabama bonds sold
at par and above; under Democratic rule
Wall street laughs at an Alabama bond, and
it is a drug in the market. Under Repub-
lican rule Alabama State money, issued by
Democrats in lieu of United States currency,
was kept at par; under the rule of Demo-
cratic Governor R. B Lindsay these notes,
even m Montgomery, the capital of the State,
are not received, only in a few stores in pay-
ment for goods, and then at a discount of
twenty-five or thirty per cent. Again, our
Democratic Governor has added a new plume
to his wreath of extravagance. He has abso-
lutely bought a railroad, over three hundred
miles in length, at a ruinously enormous sum,
and now proposes to run that vast machine
tor the benefit of the pure and immaculate
Democracy. So much for the comparison
between Republican rule and Democratic mis-
rule in my State.
Mr. SLOSS. The gentleman says the Gov-
ernor purchased the railroad. Was it not to
secure the indebtedness of that road to the
State, and in order to save the State from
bankruptcy ?
Mr. HAYS. I understand that there were
others ready to bid for the road and relieve
the State of it entirely.
Mr. SLOSS. That is not so.
Mr. HAYS. That is my understanding.
Mr. SLOSS. The Governor has no desire
to run the road.
Mr. HAYS. I understand that there are
gentlemen here who are willing to take that
road from the State, and the Governor does
not want them to do so.
And now in conclusion, sir, let. me add that
although the Republican party South has been
oftentimes and repeatedly assailed, they area
class of men as pure and patriotic as the con-
stituency of any member on this floor. A vast
majority of them, it is true, are colored men*
but, sir, while the God above us made their
skins dark he made their hearts as true to the
best interests of this Government and country
as the best of us. Other portions of our party
have been dubbed by fire-eating and Ku Klux
Democrats as "carpet-baggers" and "s<al-
awags." Who are they? "Carpet-baggers"
are the men who responded to the call of their
country in the hour of the nation's peril and
marched forth to battle in her defense. After
discharging the duties of their position with
credit to themselves and honor to their coun-
try, they saw fit to settle upon southern so*J
and for this " grave offense " many of them
fill a "carpet-bagger's grave"—a term that
will go down to posterity in song and story
side by side with that of "soldier's grave."
Who are the " scalawags?" I am called one.
They are native-born southern men who have
dared to peril their lives and their fortunes
in upholding the banner of our country. In
my State they are an honorable class, many of
them members of old-time southern families,
whose names none ever dared to cast reproach
upon until they leagued themselves with the
friends of the Government against its enemies.
It, has been charged that southern men be-
came Republicans for " spoils and for office."
What is the truth? Sir, in Alabama, oat of
fifteen thousand southern white Republicans,
many of whom stumped the State for General
Grant, and have spent their time and money
for the Republican party, not a dozen hold
office. They have suffered the jibes and in-
sults of their neighbors; they have met like
heroes the midnight assaults and cowardly
altacks of their quondam friends; but ill the
midst, of all this peril, without price and with
out reward, they have stood firm and true to
their country's cause. I am proud of soutb-
ern-born Republicans, and they deserve the
gratitude of the nation. Such are the men
who are Republicans in my State. They are
the men for whom I plead to-day, and say to
this Congress, give them but an equal chance
for life, and they will protect themselves.
Lloquent and learned appeals that touch tha
tenderest chords of every American heart are
made for one claiming to be an American citi-
zen, who lies in a Spanish dungeon ; but, sir,
look and listen on our southern border, and
you hear the agonizing cries of free-boru
American citizens for help and protection.
They are your old associates, many of them •
heroes of many a hard-fought field ; they are
the friends of the flag of our country who be-
seech you to hear their prayers. In the com-
ing struggle, with a free and fair vote, Ala-
bama will be redeemed and take her place in
the Republican galaxy side by side with the
mothers of the East and the daughters of the
REVENUE REFORM.
Mr. BIRD addressed the House on the sub
ject of revenue reform. [His remarks wiP
be published in the Appendix.]
