1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
cause of theirmasters, supportedtheirfamilies,
and by their labor and efforts in raising cotton
and other products sustained to a great extent
ihe confederacy. The aid and comlort which
they gave to that government were voliuuaiy
and effectual; they remained faithful to their
owners, and theie is no doubt if their services
had not been required in the field they would
have been cheerfully rendered in the camp.
When in the last struggles of that government,
and when its fate was too plainly sealed, the
efforts to organize them into military corps wore
entirely successful. The attempt, therefore,
to distinguish between them and the whites,
on the ground of the loyalty of theoneand the
disloyalty of the other, is simply preposterous ;
if loyal atall, if they understood what it meant,
they were loyal to the South ; the cause of the
master was their cause, and his success their
subject of rejoicing. If it had not been so,
insurrection and rapine, with all their untold
consequences, would have occurred.
To those who never held slaves the relation
cannot be fully appreciated. There was a
bond of union, of regaid and fiiendly inter-
est, an attachment which brought the slave
into a closer connection with his owner and
his family; the children of each grew up
together, and the mutual acts of kindness and
attention, the care and protection of the slave,
in health and sickness, and their constant
proximity, produced a reciprocal feeling of
confidence. Next to the interest which the
master entertained for his family, he felt for
his slave; this was not of a sordid character,
but that which grew out of the kindlier feel-
ings of the heart. 1 speak of its general char-
acter, and from my knowledgcof itsexistence
and realities. The relation itself made the
slave loyal to his master and his cause. If
you could submit to-morrow to the decision
of the negroes of the South the question of
general amnesty, without qualification, and
abstain from any interference with their con-
sideration of the subject, they would not hes-
itate to decide it tavorably. Why should
Congress now delay to do what becomes its
justice, honor, and magnanimity?
The objection preferred by some that it would
not be safe to do so is unworthy of a great
and powerful people. No sensible man can
affect to believe that the granting of amnesty
to the comparatively lew now laboring under
legal disabilities could by possibility endanger
the Government or injuriously affect the coun-
try. They all enjoy the right of suffrage ; the
right to hold office cannot injure any one; the
people who have the ballot should have the
right to select the persons to be voted for ; by
abridging that right, you impair the freedom
and the piivilege of the ballot. Universal
suffrage exists but in name when you restrict
its exercise to objects within circumscribed
limits; you preserve the theory, while you
suppress to that extent the enjoyment.
If you would submit the same question to
the Federal soldiers who served in the war, or
to that portion of them who were engaged in
battle, you would have a similar favorable
expression. There is a magnanimity about
the soldier, a generosity that belongs to the
chivalry of his calling and the nobleness of
his nature.
Generally, the objeciion comes from those
who were distant from the scenes of danger,
or who participated only in civil affairs during
the unhappy strife. These are the last to relin-
quish their prepossessions or prejudices, and
who brood longest over by-gone scenes. This
may be in accordance in many cases with some
peculiar condition of mental or moral consti-
tution ; but it is surely not in consonance with
the kindlier and nobler feelings of the heart,
which lead to liberal and humane results.
If you wish to conquer the prejudices of
the South you can do it by kiudness and gen-
erosity. If you desire to obliterate the mem-
ory of ths past you can do it best by making
pleasant and happy the prospects of the future.
If you wish to restore harmony in feeling, in
counsel, in cooperation, in efforts to build up
the fortunes and prosperity of the country—to
make us again a united and happy people—you
can do it by the benign and gentler means
and influences of confidence and amity. The
esteem and friendship of others can never be
secured by keeping alive unpleasant memories
and a constant reminder of former differences.
But remove all traces of them, and associa-
tions and reflections will spring up to tfheer
and brighten the prospect. If there is any-
thing which a public man should surrender, it
is animosity and prejudice. If, as an individ-
ual, he should suffer them to linger in a sickly
existence, as a statesman he should speedily
sacrifice them ; remembering that he does not
represent those feelings in the community, nor
any part of it, but that he is the representative
rather of the generous and nobler attributes
of the nation—of peace, conciliation, dignity,
and honor. He best represents the national
will and the national heart when he reflects
the sentiments of a genuine and lofty magnan-
imity.
It has been said that the sublimest word in
our language is duty, and the most important,
responsibility; that the man who has con-
quered a nation is not gre.it until he has con-
quered himself, for true greatness is moral
greatness and nobility of spirit; and that he
who cannot forgive others breaks the bridge
over which he himself must pass Let us rise
to the moral grandeur of duty and respons-
ibility, achieve a victory over our prejudices,
over our memories of the past—our resent-
ments, and spirit of retaliation—rise to the
dignity and honor of our .station, and to the
exalted standard of pure and generous patriot-
ism, forgetting ourselves aud all our conflicts
and differences in the love we bear to our fel-
lows, equal in all the elements of true manhood
to ourselves. It was said by an eminent his-
torian that the true end of politics is to make
life easy and a people happy. Let us verify in
our history to day this adage of a wise man,
and leave no blot upon the history of our times
by maintaining distinctions among equals.
You boast of having struck the manacles
from the hands of the sla\es, while you place
them upon the mind, the volition, the freedom
of the whites. Let us act up to the wisdom
of statesmen, and while you proclaim the lib-
erty of bondmen, pronounce t he emancipation
of our race; withdraw your military from
southern soil and restore tranquil! uy and order.
Suffer not the fleeting and unxvoi thy influences
of party to weigh down the mighty balances of
human rights, the immunities of the citizen
and the demands of the nation; but in view
of the humiliations, sufferings, and destruction
of the past, looking with the prescience and
hope of the patriot to the stupendous greatness
and glories of a happy future, rise to the true
character of our position, and restore to our
people and the States equality, justice, confi-
dence, and constitutional rule, the secure and
solid foundations of free republican institutions!
Can there be anything m the history of gov-
ernments and of men higher, nobler, sub-
limer than a great, people, by their Represent-
atives and Senators, obliterating all traces of
proscription and bringing back into a common
fellowship, into full communion and brother-
hood, those who are "botie of our bone and
flesh of our flesh," who speak our language,
worship the same God, and seek to serve the
same country? Send, therefore, the white-
winged messenger of peace, reconciliation, and
hope to those who will contribute to our
growth, unity, and prosperity.
executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After ten minutes spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopeued and (at
four o'clock and nineteen minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 15, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. I. S. Prime, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of States and territorial
Legislatures maybe presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
thirteen minutes after twelve o'clock.
testimony of respondents.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
899) allowing respondents in criminal eases itj
courts of the United States to testify in their
own behalf; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the bill be
read at length.
The bill was read. It provides that in the
trial of all indictments, complaints, and other
proceedings in anv court of the United States
which may be held in any State or Territory,
against persons charged with the commission
of crimes or offenses, the person so charged
shall, at his own request, and not otherwise, be
deemed a competent witness, the credit of his
testimony being left solely to the jury under
the instruction of the court; but the omission
of any respondent to testify shall not be taken
as any inference or evidence of his guilt.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be primed.
The motion was agreed to.
elijah k. murium..
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 900)
for the relief ol Elijah li. Merrill; which was
read a first, and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
■tames murl'iiy.
Mr. FRYE also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
901 j for the relief of James Murphy; which
was read a first, and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, aud ordered
to be printed.
custom-house, bath, maine.
Mr. FR YE also introduced a bi 11 (H. R. No.
90'2) for the repair, heating, and furnishing the
United States custom-house and post office at
Bath, Maine : which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Public
Building and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
george a. stevens.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 903)
for the relief of George A. Stevens, of the
United States Navy ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ciiahles l>. s. WARBWELL.
Mr. IIIBBAllD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
904) for the relief of Charles P. S. Wardwell;
which was read a first and second time, andf
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on Patents.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BUTLlill, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 905) to remove the legal and
