1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3975
be done, because the contingent fund of the
House is bound up by a specific act, and can-
not be disposed ofany other way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois that his resolu-
tion had better be withheld until the Clerk of
the House has seen it, as it is a matter of con-
struction.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I showed the reso-
lution to the Clerk, and he agreed with me
that he would have authority to make this
payment if the resolution were adopted.
The SPEAKER. ]f that is the case, the
Chair will entertain the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, This resolution,
or a similar one, was brought to me some days
ago.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was notthis one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, a similar
one. I examined the matter, and was satisfied
that we not only could not increase the pay of
the pages without a law of both Houses, but
also that the contingent fund of the House, as
suggested by the gentleman from Massachu
setts, is tied up by law to its own specific uses,
and that we cannot pay the salaries of any
persons in the employ of the House out of it
except by an act of both Houses. If the gen-
tleman wants this done, let him put it in that
shape.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is not a matter
of salary.
The question was taken upon Mr. Faens
worth's resolution; and it was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
employes of the house.
Mr. HOLMAN. After consultation with
the Doorkeeper of the House and with the
economical and cautious chairman of the Com-
mittee on Accounts. [Mr. Buffinton,] I ask
leave to submit a resolution in behalf of five
emplojfe of the House whose names are not
on the pay-roll. They have been actually
employed in our cloak-rooms and elsewhere,
and 1 do not think there can be any objection
to the resolution.
The lesoluiion was read, as follows:
Resolved, That tbe Clerk be. and is hf reby, directed
to piiy trom the contingent fund to William Henry
Hall, Jeremiah Smith, ArthurWells, John Douglass,
and WiltiaiUrtTonescoiDpensation as laborers tor the
time tbey Jiave served, and shall serve, during the
present session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no difficulty
about that at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course not; that is
exactly right.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. II. UNDEltUILL.
The SPEAKER. The House sent a mes-
sage to the Senate for the return of House hill
No. 2050, for the relief of J. II. Undeihill,
because it was enrolled J. H. Underbill, in-
stead of J. F. Underbill. The bill has been
returned, and if there be no objection the en-
rolling clerk will be directed to enrol! it cor-
rectly.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
frederick pech.
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Agriculture, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 2941) for the relief of Frederick
Pech ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a thud time.
The preamble of the bill states that Pro-
fessor Pech presented to the United States a
large botanical collection of rare and valuable
specimens of plants, collected in the western
States and Territories, which was accepted by
joint resolution of Congress, approved May
26, 1866; that the said Professor Pech by
affliction has been reduced to a state of pecun-
iary destitution, being himself an inmate of
the almshouse, while his wife is suffering the
pains of an incurable cancer. The bill there-
fore directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Frederick Pech the sum of $500.
Mr. DONNAN. The House will recollect
that this action of the Committee on Agricul-
ture is in pursuance of a resolution introduced
by myself some time since. I do not propose
to take up the time of the House in discussing
the matter, and I will simply call attention to
an article in one of the daily papers of this
city.
The article referred to is as follows :
" Professor Frederick Pech.—There is one family
in this national city of ours, a very worthy little
family, yet on whom the hand of adversity and
affliction hath fa'len with a crushing severity,
whose gratitude will go out into the fullness ol their
hearts for the generous action of Mr. Donnan and
his fellow-members in the House of Representa-
tives on the 24th instant,as the following item from
the proceedings of that day will explain :
"'Mr. Doxnan, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following preamble and resolution; which were
read, considered, and adopted:
"' Whereas it is represented that Mr. Frederick
Pech, formerly a clerk in the Bureau of Agriculture,
made to the Agricultural Department a large
donation from his .own collection of specimens for
botanical relerence, which was aocepted by a special
act of Congress; and whereas it is further repre-
sented that he was several years since discharged
from his pot-ition ill that Department, and is now
indigent and an invalid in one of the hospitals in
this city : Therefore,
" 'Resolved, Tha t the Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire into the facts of the case, and
if in their judgment the circumstances warrant it
to report to this House a bill granting said Pech
reasonable compensation for his services and liber-
ality, and that the committee bo authorized to report
at any time.'
"This initiatory action is a very timely step in the
direction of a most truly worthy object, and we trust
that its lull consummation may bespeedily reached.
Our attention has been heretofore called to the
merits ot this case, and in common with a number
of our citizens who have become acquainted with all
the ciicumstances, we have looked anxiously to see
something done by our Government byway of re-
ward'jig Professor Pech for his early and almost
invaluable contribution to theDepartment of Agri-
culture, and thereby render that pecuniary relief
of which the now painfully stricken and destitute
family stand so keenly in need.
"With a thorough education and a mind intently
inclined to scientific research,Professor Pech had
devoted some sixteen or eighteen of the best years
of his life to the collection, careful examination,
a-nd preservation of the rare and least understood
products of the vast kingdom of plants. He was
well known to have possessed the most extensive
and valuable herbarium of any private devotee in
this country. The ravages of our great rebellion,
on account of his loyalty, drove hun and his wife
and child, despoiled of means and property, from
their home in a southwestern State to Washington,
where, after some difficulty as a stranger and a very
unassuming gentleman, Professor Pech finally se-
cured an under clerkship in the Agricultural De-
partment, and while there, noticing the great lack
in that Department of just such a botanical collec-
tion as he himself possessed, and not receiving any
commensurate offer lor the same, he generously
tendered thein to the Department—Congress at the
time accepting the same by special act. It may
be here stated that the present entomologist of said
Department sold bis collection of bugs to the Gov-
ernment for the snug sum of $10,000 cash, and no
questions asked.
"But Prolessor Pech, after remaining about three
years in his clerkship, was discharged by Commis-
sioner Capron. From that time (18B8) up to within a
year and a half since, by the effoi ts of his loving and
faithful wile and the little boy, the professorwas en-
abled to pursue athishumble home his researches in
the world of plants, and to prepare very copious
manuscript notes on all of his most valuable exam-
inations and discoveries; such notes as he had hoped
some day to secure the publication of in a volume,
Irom the results of which he might perhaps reap sup-
port in his decline of life. But the long years of too
close study, night writing, and his microscopic in-
vestigations, gradually impaired his eye-sight, until
about twelve months ago Professor Pech became
entirely deprived of his sight, and is nowan inmate
of the Providence hospital, in this city, hopelessly
blind. Ad 1 to this great affliction the fact that his
devoted wife, who lost her right eye from an acci-
dent when young, has now nearly lost the entire left
eye with its sight, from a terrible cancer, which
started a few years ago on her left temple, and we
have a case which should touch the coldest heart.
"To their brave little boy Freddy, then, can these
sadly and wofully afflicted parents look for support;
and if this is not a case which demands tha generous
sympathy and prompt attention of Congress, as well
in the spirit of humanity as in the discharge of an
act of justice toward one who has enriched the Gov-
ernment, then we are incapable of judging of our
own impulses, much less to judge of those of others
to whom we make this appeal.
"Let there be a good, liberal appropriation made,
and made without grudging or delay, for the relief
of Professor Pech and his family, and the act will be
approved both here and in heaven."
Mr. DONNAN. I think the sum of $500
is too small. Those acquainted with the sub-
ject state that as an article of commerce
merely these specimens are to-day worth that
sum. I think there should be a reasonable
compensation given to this man, and I there-
fore move to amend the bill hy striking out
"$500" and inserting "$2,000."
Mr. DICKEY. Make it $1,000.
Mr. DONNAN. I prefer my amendment.
Mr. HAYS. I will allow the amendment
to be offered and voted upon, but I cftnnot
accept it, because the committee instructed mo
to report what is in the bill.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Doxnan, and upon a
division there were—ayes 64, noes 66; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hays and
Mr. Holmak were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 76, noes 65.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN said.: I would suggest that
the amendment be made SI,000, andlpresume
then there will be no difficulty about the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. DONNAN. I am satisfied it is right
as it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I must call the yeas
and nays on the proposition to make the sum
$2,000.
Mr. SARGENT. Makeit $1,000, and there
will be no necessity for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I object to $1,000. I
am satisfied that $500 is as much as these weeds
are worih.
Mr. DONNAN. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to make it $1,000.
Mr. HAYS. I will not objectto that amend
ment.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out from
the preamble the words ''being himself an
inmate of the almshouse, while bis wife is suf-
fering the pains of an incurable cancer."
That may be correct, but I think we had
better not put it in this biil.
Mr. HAYS. I have no objection.
The amendment of Mr. Maynard to the pre-
amble was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 110, noes 22.
Before the result of the vote wasannounced,
Mr. ELDREDG-E called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were sixteen in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of th 
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill w^s accordingly ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was read the third time, and
Mr. HAYS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I mov 
to suspend the rules in order to take from the
Speaker's table and pass at this time Senate
bill No. 58, to prescribe the time for hold-
ing the election for electors of President and
Vice President in the State of Louisiana.
This bill merely makes the day of election ia
