1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
ell, Tyner, Upson, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
"Wells. Willard. and Williams of Indiana—85.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Barnum, Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Austin
Blair, James G.Blair, Boles, James Brooks, Buck-
ley, Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, William
T. Clark. Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Cotton,
Crebs, Creely. Darrall, I)ox, Duell, Elliott, Ely,
Farnsworth. Farwell, Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry
D. Foster, .Fryc, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, Hal-
sey, Hambleton, Hanks, Harmer, Havens, Hays,
John W. Hazelton, Hereford, Hill, Houghton, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Kerr, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, McCormick,
McHenry. McKee, MeKinney, Mitchell. Moore,
Jlorey, Morphis, Niblack, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters, Piatt. Poland, Porter, Price, Prindle, Ran-
dall, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers,
Roosevelt. Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shellabarger,
Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, Worthington 0. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer Thomas J. Speer, Storm, St. John,
Sutherland, Washington Townsend, "Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman. Walls,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of New
York. Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—112.
So the motion to recommit the bill was not
to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SLOCUM said: I am paired on this
question with my colleague, Mr. Brooks, who,
if present, would vote in the affirmative, and I
would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to recommit the
bill; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the House now
adjourn.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Porter, one of
his secretaries, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed bills of the House
of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 135) to authorize the
President to appoint George Plunkett a pay-
master in the Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 166) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize protection to be
given to citizens of the United Stales who may
discover deposits of guano," approved August
10, 1856 ;
An act (H. R. No. 1049) to establish a port
of entry and delivery at the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania;
An act (H. R. No. 2043) authorizing an
American register to the Dutch bark Alice
Tarlton;
An act (H. R. No. 2047) to provide for the
extending and transfer of two small parcels
of land in the city of St. Louis, Missouri; and
An act (H. R. No. 2114) granting a pension
to Margaret Nyce.
The motion of Mr. Conger was agreed to ;
and accordingly (at five o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
un -ler the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Mrs.
MariaL. Craven, widow of Commander Craven,
for increase of pension.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Mrs.
Sidney A. Harrison, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, widow of Thomas Harrison, who served
as major in the war of 1812, praying that the
pension granted to her husband may be paid
to herself.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Jane Dykes, of Tennessee, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Robert
B. Vance, of Buncombe county, North Car-
olina, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. MeJUNKIN : The petition of Mrs.
Rhoda Lowry, of Freeport, Pennsylvania,
the dependent mother of W. G. Lowry and
Alexander Lowry, late soldiers in the Union
Army, and who died in the military service of
the United States, praying the passage of an
act increasing her pension.
Also, the petition of H. W. Grant, W. D.
Lowtlxer, John Turner, and 47 others^-citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the passage of an
act increasing thepension of Rhoda Lowry.
By Mr. MOORE : The petition of Naticy A.
Lawrence, of Danville, Illinois, asking a pen-
sion as the widow of George Lawrence, late
of company D, twenty-seventh regiment Mis-
souri volunteers.
By Mr. W. R. ROBERTS: The memorial of
C. A. Allen and 36 others, in favor of free lead.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of Hon.
E. H. Moore and 154 others, citizens of
Athens, Ohio, praying the passage of House
bill No. 1738, a bill allowing totally and par-
tially disabled soldiers and seamen increased
pensions.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petitions of Rev.
Aldace Walker and 41 others, of Wallitigford,
Vermont, and of H. M. Pierce and 29 others,
of Montpelier, V ermont, praying the passage
of House bill No. 1738.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 5, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2189) to relieve certain
persons therein named from their political
disabilities, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
reuben b. hatch.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following letter, which was read:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C„ April 3, i872.
Sir : By a resolution of the Senate, adopted on the'
28ih of March last, the Secretary of the Treasury
was " directed to transmit to the Senate the papers,
or official copies of the same, relating to the final
settlement ot the account of Reuben B. Hatch, lato
quartermaster in the United States volunteer ser-
vice during the late rebellion, for the purpose of
having them examined before and in presence of
some proper committee, with a view of ascertaining
the value of the services performed by the agent in
settling up the accounts.''
In obedience to the resolution, I transmit the ori-
ginal papers in the case referred to, numbering in
all twenty-nine hundred and fifty-nine. It may be
proper for me to mention that the attorney repre-
senting the estate of Mr. Hatch asked me to allow
two experts to examine the papers for the purpose of
obtaining from them an opinion as to the value of
the services performed by an attorney employed by
Mr. Hatch to settle his accounts at the Department.
This request was declined by me; but upon a further
presentation of the easel proposed to select, or allow
the attorney of Mr. Hatch's estate to select, two
clerks or officers of the Department who should be
directed to examine the papers for the purpose of
forming an opinion of the value of the services.of
Mr. Hatch's former agent, with the understanding
that their testimony might be used if required. This
proposition appears to have been declined.
It has been the practice of the Department for a
long time to deny to persons not connected with the
Government, access to records and papers, especially
to those containing information on which claims
against the Government might be based. There ai e
peculiar reasons why this practice should not be ob-
served in regard to papers m the office of the Third
Auditor.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Mr. LOGAN. I asked that these papers be
sent here for the reason stated in the Secre-
tary's letter. I do not recollect, however, the
exact proposition which he states to have been
made. There was a proposition to have them
examined by attorneys, and I will state the
object of that. The attorneys of Quiney, Illi-
nois, asked that they be permitted to have (wo
attorneys in the District of Columbia exam-
ine the papers and ascertain the value of the
services of the claim agent who is prosecuting
a suit against the widow of R. B. Hatch for
$5,000 for settling this claim. They thought-
this sum exorbitant, and I asked that this
examination be allowed to be made, but it
was refused unless the examination could be
made by clerks of the Department, and they
made witnesses. I did not think it was proper
for the Secretary of the Treasury to select
witnesses for anybody. Hence, I introduced
a resolution, when the Department refused to
allow the papers to be examined before the
Auditor in this way, calling for the papers for
the purpose of having them referred to a com-
mittee here that they might be examined. I
now ask that this communication, with the
papers, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with instructions that they permit
two attorneys, not claim agents, but two attor-
neys, or whatever number may be suggested,
to examine them in the presence of one of
the committee, or in such other way as they
may decide upon, so that these attorneys can
form an opinion as to the value of the services.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator that if the papers were
in the office of the Secretary to be examined
in his presence, or that of one of his assistants,
the object would be accomplished.
Mr'. LOGAN. Very well; I have no objec-
tion to that suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that will meet
the Senator's views as well, that order will be
made.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly; my only object
was to secure an examination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers are
quite voluminous. They will be kept in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, to be
returned, after examination, to the Treasury
Department.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
british LWIIT DUES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a message from the President of the
United States, in response to a resolution
offered by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Corbett,] which is very brief, and will be
reported in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
To the Senate of the United States:
In answer to the resolution of the. Senate of the
18th of January last, relating to British light-house
dues, I transmit herewith a report from the Sec-
retary of State, and the documents which accom-
panied it. u. S. GRANT.
Washington, April 2,1872.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, the message
and accompanying papers were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
professor s. f. b. jiorsb.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Be it resolved, &e., That the Federal Congress has
heard with profound regret of the demise of Pro-
fessor S. F. B. Morse. His fame is not merely na-
tional or American, but world-wide. His distin-
guished and varied abilities have contributed more
than those of any other intellect of our generation
to the development and progress of the practical
arts. His invention of the electro-magnetic tele-
graph, which was at first received with incredulity
by the people, and with the meager favor,, if not
distrust of Congress, has during his life attained an
eminence which, so long as human thought is dis-
seminated by the lightning, will form an ever-grow-
ing tri'bute and enduring monument to his tarnc.
While his name will bo forever associated with those
of Guttenberg, Watt, Fulton,and others, whomade
science usefui, benign, and emhzinj?, his purity qi
private life, his loftiness of scientific aim. and his>
resolute faith in truth, render it eminently proper
that the Representatives of thepeople and.thei feen-
ators of the States should solemnly te&tify to his
worth and greatness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate, and the question arising
under the parliamentary law is on concurrence.
*Mr. SUMNER. I think the resolution haa
better lie over for a day and be printed.
The vice PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the resolution^be
printed, and lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
