1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
when the s'ales of arms were going on, protest
against them and try to have them stopped ? '
Well, sir, I did endeavor to have them stopped.
I did endeavor, to the best of my ability, to
induce the War Department to discontinue
the sales, and finally I succeeded. I hold in
my hand a letter from the Secretary of War,
announcing to me that those sales had been
stopped, and I have very good authority for
saying that they were stopped in consequence
of my urgency.
Mr. SUMNER. Will you read that letter ?
Mr. SCHUHZ. It is as follows:
Dear Senatob: Orders were given yesterday
dii ecting the discontinuance of sales of ordnance.
Youra, truly, WILLIAM W. BELKNAP.
January 24,1871.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that in the autograph
of the Secretary?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
The point I was going to make is this: I
have proven that I did endeavor to stop those
Bales. I have proven also that the sales,
according to this letter, -were stopped. If the
Secretary of War had not only the right, but
it was his duty to sell to any bidder able to
pay, even to French agents, then certainly he
violated the law by stopping those sales as long
as he haa~;n opportunity to sell; and the only
justification that could possibly be attempted
would be this: that after the 24th of January,
when this letter was written to me, there ap-
pear sales of several hundred pieces of artil-
lery, some of which may have been arranged
before this letter was written, but some of
which in alt probability were made and con-
cluded afterward. At any rate, several hun-
dred pieces of artillery appear in the report
of the Secretary of War as having been sold
after this promise had been given that the
sales of arms should be stopped. According
to the Senator from Wisconsin, the continu-
ance of the sales was not only proper, but
their discontinuance would have been crim-
inal. How does that view of the case please
you? Then what remains of the whole argu-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin? Let me
repeat, in the language which has been current
here, not a shred; it is pulverized to atoms.
, There is only one other point I desire to
touch in a few words. The Senator from
Wisconsin says if we discover that a breaeh
of neutrality has been committed, how shall
we in the future stand before the nations
of the world ? Will not that be an incitement
to the German Government to set up claims
against us, and if we do not willihgly pay those
claims will they not have a rightful cause of
war against us, and what wili be the situation
of the Senator from Massachusetts and myself
then? Sir, is not this a perfectly absurd sup-
position ? Do you think—and here I feel
oompelled to repeat the remarks which I made
day before yesterday—do you think that after
not having remonstrated at the time, after
having shown a determination to ignore this
matter on its part, the German Government
would, after the Senate of the United States
has ordered an investigation of this case, not
with a view of giving a basis for claims to
Germany, but for the purpose of setting itself
right in its own conscience and before the
nations of the world, then come and say, "We
take advantage of your own conscientious act,
and we now set tip a claim against you?"
Would any generous, any decent Government
think a single moment of doing so?
Let me put before you once more the sup-
position with which I illustrated my argument
a few days ago. Suppose during our civil war
we had made no remonstrance "against the
letting out of rebel cruisers from British ports;
suppose after the war some member of Par-
liament had moved an investigation for the
purpose of discovering whether any wrong had
been committed, and of punishing the_wrong-
doers, do you not think that every wise and
generous man in the United States would have
spurned the idea of taking advantage of such a
step to set up a claim against England then?
I ask again, would not the country resound
with the highest praise of old England for
that generous and just act, spontaneously per-
formed? Would we not join hands in wanner
friendship than ever before, the British nation
having, without compulsion, of her own mo-
tion, shown so noble a disposition to be just?
What, then, becomes of this part of the Sen-
ator's argument? A shred.
The Senator from Wisconsin used these
words: "What is setup as a precedent here
may come to plague us hereafter." Exactly
sir; what we set up as a precedent here
may come to plague us hereafter. Let jme
say, if the case remains as it now stands, with
the information that' already is before the
world, the precedent, for all practical pur-
poses, is set up, and the precedent in that
form will come to plague us. Is it, then, not
our duty to break the point of that precedent
by showing that if any wrong was committed,
the people of the United States, as represented
in their sovereign capacity by Congress, em-
phatically disapprove of it; that if any wrong
was committed, the people are ready to resent
it against their own servants? That is the way
to destroy the pernicious effect of that prece-
dent, and that is the duty of a true patriot. The
Senator from Wisconsin cannot frighten me by
exclaiming, "My country, right or wrong."
In one sense I say so too. My country; and
my country is the great American Republic.
My country, right or wrong; -if right, to be
kept right; and if wrong, to be set right.
[Manifestations of applause in the galleries.]
Mr. CORBETT addressed the Senate in
remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Schurz.]
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HILL. May I ask that the amendment
be read ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clekk. The amendment is to
add to the resolution the following words :
Also, whether breech-loading muskets, or other
muskets capable of being transformed into breech-
loaders,have not been sold by the War Department
in such large numbers as seriously to impair the
defensive capacity of the country in case of war.
Mr. MORTON. I hope there will be no
opposition to that amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no opposition
to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed there was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered, and the order can
only be revoked by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection. The call for the
yeas and nays is withdrawn, and the question
is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. I now offer my substitute,
and I call for the reading of it again that the
Senate may understand the purport of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is probable, from evidence adduced
before the Senate in debate upon tho resolution
offered on the 12th day of February in relation to
the sale of arms, that Messrs. Remington & Sons did
agree with the irenck officials that they would bay
arms direct from the Government of the United
States and that they would charge them only a com-
mission for tho purchase of tho same; and whereas it
appears from evidence that they did purchase from
the Government fifty thousand Springfield muskets,
cieaned and repaired, on the 28th of September, 18(0,
at five dollars each; and whereas toward the middle
of October, 1870, it appears from tho evidence adduced
that Messrs. Remington & Sons were discovered to be
the agents of the French Government; and whereas
the Secretary of War refused to recoive their bids
thereafter for any arms whatever, but did from other
merchants at much higher prices; and whereas it
has been since the close of the war the desire of this
Government to dispose of its useless and undesirable
arms and to replace them with the latest improved
and most efficiont weapons; and whereas the Secre-
tary of War has by such sales placed in the Treasury
about thirteen million dollars, thereby reducing the
burdens of the people to that extent; and whereas
this money is fully accounted for; and whereas (here
is no evidence to show that the Secretary of War
knowingly sold arms to either of tho belligerent
Powers, France or Prussia, but directly to the con-
trary; and whereas no offioial com plaints have been
laid before this Government by France respecting
any transactions had by it, if any, with any agents,
if any it may have had within the United States:
Therefore, _ . . a .
Be it resolved. That it is inexpedient and detri-
mental to the best interests of tbis Government to
waste farther time upon this subject.
And be it further resolved, Alter lull, open, and fair
discussion of this matter for days and weeks, the
War Department has been fully vindicated.
Mr. CONKLING. That resolution and pre-
amble I judge as coming from the regard the
Senator from Oregon has for justice and for
truth. It is eminently just and eminently true ;
and if we were engaged in a proceeding aimed
merely at justice and truth, it seems to me no
amendment could be more appropriate. We
are, however, in the midst of a very different
proceeding, in the midst of a proceeding in
which advantages are sought, having, as I hum-
bly conceive, nothing in the world to do with
either truth or justice. It would be veiy diffi-
cult for me to vote against the Senator's prop-
osition, because it asserts in behalf of the Sec-
retary of War what in truth exists, as I believe,
and no more than he is entitled to as the judg-
ment of this body. If, however, it. be adopted,
it takes the place of the pending resolution,
and therefore supersedes and avoids the in-
vestigation ; and I ask my honorable fiiend from
Oregon, notwithstanding the justice of his
proposition, to withdraw it; not to require us
on the one hand to displace the pending prop-
osition, or on the other, by a vote against his
resolution, to seem to deny its truth. I ask
him to withdraw it and let us vote upon the
proposition tendered to us, which is to explore,
even to the uttermost, all the charges, insin-
uations, and imputations wherewithal this
apparently harmless transaction has been
wrapped. Now, if my honorable friend will
withdraw his proposition and let us vote
upon the resolution, I submit to him. that
better than in any other way we shall reach
practical results.
Mr. CORBETT. I have examined thp evi-
dence adduced by the very parties who intro-
duced the original resolution, for which I offer
this as a substitute, and with all the care I am
capable of I believe the preamble and resolu-
tion that I offer to the Senate to-day contain
the truth of the matter. I do not, however,
desire to place the Senate in a false position,
in a position in which it may seem that we are
afraid to allow this matter to be investigated
to the fullest extent: and for that reason only
I will not insist upon a vote on this resolution
of mine, because I believe no one can vote
truthfully against it if the yeas and nays are
called. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon withdraws his amendment,
and the question recurs on the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
amended, as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of Kovon be ap-
pointed to investigate all salesof ordnance stores
made by the Government of the United States dur-
ing tho fiscal yoar ending tho 30th of J uno. A, D.
1871, to ascertain tho persons to whom such sales
were made, the circumstances under which tpey
were made, the sums respectively paid by said pur-
chasers to the Uniteu States, and the disposition
made of the proceeds of said sales: and that said
committee also inquire and report whether any
member of tile Senate or any other American citi-
zen is, or has been, in communication orcoHusion
with tho Government or authorities of -France.. or
with any agent or officer thereof, in reference to the
said matters: and also whethorbreech-loadmS mus-
