1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
kets, or other muskets capable of being transformed
into breech-loaders, have not been sold by the War
Department in such large numbers as seriously to
impair the defensive capacity of the country in ease
of war; and that the commiUco hare power to send
for persons and papers; and that the investigation
be conducted in public.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a little change in
the phraseology that I would suggest, to which
no one, I suppose, will object. In the third
line from the conclusion, the resolution as it
now is reads "communication or collusion
with the Government or authorities of France,
or with any agent or officer thereof." I should
prefer to make it general, to strike out the
word "BVauce," and insert "any foreign
Power."
Mr. CONKLING. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa proposes to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the word "France" and
inserting "any foreign Power."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not pro-
pose to offer an amendment, bnt I call the
attention of the mover of the resolution to
one point. It is the policy and theory of our
Governm&nt that all matters affecting our for-
eign relations, whicb the Senate take part in,
are conducted in secret session. I submit to
the mover of the resolution whether it would
not be better, as this is a matter affecting our
relations or transactions with foreign Powers,
to leave it discretionary with the committee
whether it should be with open doors or not.
I do not propose to offer any such amend-
ment, but I submit it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am obliged to my friend
for the suggestion, and he will excuse mo if
I borrow language of his own when I say that
the point he raises is the preciso fork where
the Senator and myself part. There is no
question of foreign relations under discussion.
The question is purely domestic, with regard
to our own officials. It is, have they done
what they ought to do, or have they failed
to do what they ought to do? It is a question
of misfeasance, involving our conduct on a
past occasion toward a foreign Power; much
more than that, involving the purity of this
Government. There is the fork where we
part. The Senator and others in this debate
have reminded us continually that we are mak-
ing a case for Prussia. Sir, that is all a mis-
take ; it is a hallucination. If it had not been
repeated so often, I should have imagined it
was an accident, because I cannot understand
how Senators can so constantly repeat such an
idea, when from the beginning ray honorable
friend from Missouri and myself have insisted
that this was a question of the good name of
our Republic, which we desired to save from
sedndal; it is no question of foreign relations.
Who fears Prussia? Who is anxious about
Bismarck? Sir, there is something I do fear:
it is to have my country in the wrong. There
is something that I am anxious about: it is
that my country shall be always right. As I
say, there is the fork; the Senator goes one
way, and treats this as simply a question of
foreign relations. I treat it as a domestic
question, anxious for purity in our own Gov-
ernment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if this is
not a question of foreign relations, it is noth-
ing. So far as any corruption on the part of
any officer of the United States is concerned,
that has been abandoned for days in this dis-
cission. With all the feeling and desire to
complicate the President, he has been fully
acquitted for more than two weeks in this dis-
cussion. The Secretary of War is acquitted,
acquitted by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schukz] expressly and repeatedly, and all
that is left of this thing is whether in selling
these arms we violated our neutrality with
Prussia by selling them knowingly or care-
lessly or indifferently to French agents.
The Senator from Missouri said a few min-
utes ago that all the efforts made by the
Senator from Wisconsin would not avail, that
the public mind was awakening to corrup-
tion and would pursue it. I want to tell
that Senator that the charge of corruption will
not avail. The charge of corruption has no
more connection with that which is now before
the Senate than a question of the tariff, and it
will not avail that Senator or the Senator from
Massachusetts to raise the howl of corruption.
It is a question of foreign relations.
And now I am going to suppose for the sake
of the argument that this examination lias
been had, (he committee make the report, and
they find that the chief of ordnance has
knowingly sold arms to a French agent, or
has sold them without sufficient care, without
sufficient circumspcction to know that he was
.not selling to a French agent; in other words,
I will suppose for the sake of the argument
that the chief of ordnance has been found
guilty in this particular, and now I want to
know what is to come of it; I want to know
what is to be the result. You may break the
chief of ordnance of his office. Do you want
to do that? I think this is not aimed at the
chief of ordnance. I think there is no feeling
against him. I do not believe anybody on
this floor thinks lie is a dishonest man or that
h« was conniving with France. But suppose
we find that he has done what lie ought not
to have done, I ask you what comes of the
report? The committee is a]ipointed, the
Senator from .Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
is chairman, and he brings in a report show-
ing that one of the officers of our Government
has violated the neutrality of this Government
between Prussia and France. What have we
done? We have simply made out a case for
Prussia. That is all.
Now I come to the speech of the Senator
from Massachusetts made on the Alabama
question two years ago, and what was his
argument? That if Great Britain connived
through her officers, through the commander
of the port, or the admiralty, or any officer, at
the escape of the Alabama and the other cruis-
ers, or if her officers permitted the Alabama by
their carelessness to escape, the argument of
the Senator from Massachusetts was that the
Government of Great Britain was liable, not
only for all the direct damages committed by
those cruisers, but for all the indirect damages
and the prolongation of the war. That was
his argument. I have it here, and I may have
a portion of it read.
Now, if the Senate shall find that our Gov-
ernment has been guilty, it will simply have
made out for Prussia that ease which he tried
to make out for our Government against Eng-
land. _ The Prussian Government can then
take his report and come to our Government
and say, '• Here yon have sold two, three, or
four hundred thousand stand of arms to France
in violation of the law of nations; the result
of that was to prolong the war, prolong the
siege of Paris, to cost ua three or four or five
hundred million dollars more than it would
have cost to have finished the conquest of
France; now, according to your showing and
the claim you have recently made in what is
called the American case against England,
you are responsible to us for the damages
resulting from the prolongation of the war;
the committee of yonr own Senate has estab-
lished the fact that these arms were sold in
violation of your neutrality. Now, what con-
sequences have resulted from that breach of
neutrality? You furnished the French three
hundred thousand stand of arms; you pro-
tracted the siege of Paris, and you protracted
the struggle in the French provinces; yon
have cost us many thousand lives; you have
cost us many hundred millions of dollars; and
therefore we require you to pay these damages
just a's you are requiring England to pay you
consequential damages for the prolongation
of your civil war in consequence of the Ala-
bama and other cruisers."
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana will allow me to suggest that he does
not do full justice to the case as stated by the
Senator from Massachusetts. In addition to
all the elements he has put into it, the Senator
from Massachusetts gave it this controlling
element: that France at the time—I may not
quote his exact language—was a prostrate and
unarmed belligerent, so that, according to the
Senator from Massachusetts, more than pro-
longing the war, wo actually put a prostrate
foe upon her foot; we set up France when
France had nothing to stand upon 1
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if the ver-
dict of that committee should be that our Gov-
ernment is guilty, the case is made out against
us in favor of the Prussian Government; wo
have furnished the evidence by a report of a
committee of this body. Now, I want to say
to the Senator from Missouri, to use his own
language employed a few minutes ago, that the
cry of corruption will be of no avail to relieve
himself from, the responsibility of this position ;
and I say to the Senator from Massachusetts
that if he shall succeed in his effort of finding
that our Government is guilty, he will simply
have made out a case against his Government
in favor of a foreign Government.
Mr. SUMNE'R. Oh, no.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; there is no es-
cape from it. That is all there is of it, and if
he shall find our Government guilty, he sub-
jects us, according to his own argument in
the Alabama case, to enormous damages
amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars.
Whether that is patriotic on his part, or on the
part of the Senator from Missouri, I will not
now argue; I leave that to the common sense
of this nation.
Now, I shall vote for this resolution, and
why ? I shall vote for it because I know as
well as I know anything that has not trans-
pired in my own presence that this whole
inquiry is a sham and a pretense, without any
foundation in the world, intended for mere
political effect. I may say that I know it will
result in the vindication of my Government.
Therefore, I vote for this resolution. I vote
for it to squelch the scandal that has been put
abroad for political purposes. I vote for it
for the purpose of placing this Government
right before the American people. But if I
thought there was reason to believe that through
the chief of ordnancc or any other officer our
Government had violated its neutrality, I would
not vote for this resolution. Why ? Because
there is no moral or patriotic obligation rest-
ing upon me to go forward as a Senator and
make out a cause of action against my own
country.
If a cause of action shall be made out by
another Government against my country that
is another question ; but I hold that there is
no moral or patriotic obligation resting upon
me as a Senator to go forward and make out
a cause of action against my own country in
favor of a foreign Government. The son that
should voluntarily go before a grand jury to
give evidence against 'his own father, or his
own mother, might perhaps think he was doing
right; but the common sense and the human-
ity of the whole world would not sustain him.
The Roman judge who gave judgment against
his own son, and directed him to be led to
execution, was applauded as a miracle of jus-
tice ; but the whole world regarded him as a
monster. He ought to have left that to some-
body else, to some other tribunal, when his
own son's life was at stake.
_ But in this case, if there was reason to be-
lieve that tbe chief of ordnance or the Sec-
retary of War, or any subordinate officer, had
done those acts that would subject us to dam-
ages at the hands of a foreign Government, I
do not concede that it would be my duty at
this time as a Senator to go forward and hunt
up the evidence, put testimony into the hands
of that Government to enable them to come
and demand at our hands millions of dollars.
Therefore I vote for this resolution because,
