B080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Grant desires to conform our Government to
that of the German empire, in his message of
December 4, 1871, he makes the following
recommendation:
"Especially do I recommend favorable consider-
ation of the plan for uniting the telegraphic system
of the United States with the postal system."
Already have we about thirty thousand post
offices and postmasters, the appointees of the
President, nnd his subordinates. We already
have about fifty-three thousand United States
officers of "high and low degree,f! and if we
add to that thirty thousand more telegraphic
operators we will have a grand army of eighty-
three thousand officeholders, appoiutees of the
President and his subordinates. Give him
these additional officers and the power over
all the telegraphic dispatches of the country
and what little liberty and freedom is left to
the people will, by one fell swoop, be taken
from them forever. What power is it that he
will not ask the people to surrender? But for
a moment let us return to the question as to
what has gone with all these thousands of
millions of money. The people have been
robbed, plundered, as no other people in the
world.
In a message sent to the Senate and House
of Representatives by President Grant, De-
cember 19, 1871, he tells us that he has con-
vened "a commission of eminent gentlemen
to devise rules and regulations for the purpose
of "reforming the civil service." That com-
mission, on December 18, 1871, in their re-
port make use of the following language:
"But it is calculatcd by those who have made a
careful study of all the facts that one fourth of the
revenues of the United States are annually lost in
the collection."
This is not the language or charge of a
Democrat, but of Grant's own appointees,
this "commission of eminent gentlemen."
One fourth of all the revenues lost! That is
about one hundred million dollars per year;
and yet this party asks you to retain it in
power.
Again, if you will turn back to the Daily
Globe of January 30, 1872, you will see what
another honored member of this Republican
party says. 1 refer to the distinguished mem-
ber from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] He uses the
following language:
"Those gentlemen who have charge of our pen-
sion-rolls tell us than this bill, it it shall become a
law, will add &32,50U,000 to our expenses. The Sec-
retary of the Interior says, and the Commissioner
of Pensions concurs with him, that one fourth of ail
the pensions un our rolls to-day aie, in his judg-
ment, deliberate and outrageous frauds. Now, one
fourth, or at least one eighth of this $32,500,000 will
go to sharpors and rascals, to tho claim agents ot
tho country, who are not soldiers, and who have no
right to this gratuity from the Government."
Then I ask you the question, and I pro-
pound it to the millions of voters throughout
the United States, was not the eloquent Re-
publican Senator, Caul Scjhuuz, justified by the
facts when on December 15, 1871, he rose from
his seat in the Senate of the United States,
and said—
"X believe there is corruption, deep, and domning
and festering, all through this Administration?"
We have seen by the report of the Secretary
of War that he has sold property of the United
States and received for the suine $107,959,-
416 62, and at another time $8,280,093 13,
making in the aggregate $110,239,509 75 in
excess of appropriations. This he has done
in direct violation of the express provision of
the Constitution, which says in section nine ;
^ " No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but
inconsequence of appropriations made by law, and
a regular statement and account of the receipts and
expenditures of all public money shall be published
from time to time."
Now, mark the language—
, "No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but
in consequence e'f apropriations. "
Again, marli.the language, the admission of
the Secretary of War through the acting Quar-
termaster General, on page 4 of his report:
"Making the total amount received by this
department since June 30, 1865, in excess of its
appropriations, $107,959,416 62. "
What right has he thus to violate the Con-
stitution which he has sworn to support? I
refer to this for the purpose of drawing the
attention of the House and the people to this
shameless disregard of law and constitutional
obligations. And this same disregard of law
and of the Constitution pervades the whole
Administration ; the Constitution and the law
are stricken down and the rights of the people
disregarded. We have no longer a legal and
constitutional Government, but one above law,
a personal Government, which is the chief
and crowning attribute of imperialism.
But let us proceed a step further in our
examination of the query as to what has be-
come of the vast sums of which the people
have been robbed.
Onthe 13th of December, 1870, upon motion
of Mr. Winchester, the following resolution
was adopted by this House :
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House a
statement of the balance" due from collectors of
internal revenue who are not now in office, and
the total amounts of the balanoesso due as they ap-
Sear on the books of the accounting officers of his
epartment on the 30th day of June, 1870; thathe
further inform this House what amount of said
balances have been paid. and. in detail, by whom,
since the 2d day of May, 1870; the names of the col-
lectors who have been sued on their bonds since
their removal from office, with the cause of removal
in each case; by what President said collectors
were appointed, and by what President they were
removed.''
In answer thereto, in Executive Document
No. 140, dated February 18, 1871, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury says that there is due
from collectors of internal revenue $20,700,-
983 33 ! Ill that report we have the names of
the defaulters, the amounts due from each
opposite their names, the date of appointment
and. by whom appointed. Time will not allow
me to go over them in detail. Let one suffice
to show the utter recklessness and disregard
of the interests of the people. On page 6
we see that one, J. P. Bailey, is a defaulter for
$602,769 53; appointed by President Lincoln.
Again, on page 7, we see that this same
man, J. F. Bailey, is again a defaulter for
§592,763 07, and appointed by President
Grant; and under the head of "remarks,"
opposite his name, the following ; " absconded
March 15,1870." What a commentary! Here
is a man, first appointed by Lincoln, become
a defaulter lor $002,769 53, afterward reap-
pointed by Grant, and again becomes a de-
faulter for $592,763 07, making in the aggre-
gate a defalcation of $1,195,532 60 by one
mau. Talk to the people about civil service
reform after such an exhibition 1 The civil
service reform the people need and demand is
a change of Administration, and that they will
have. In the better days of the Government
this exhibition alone would have been suffi-
cient to hurl from power a President who would
reappoint a man when he was already a de-
faulter largely over half a million dollars.
But now, in these degenerate days, we scarcely
open a morning paper without seeing an ac-
count of some officeholder who has robbed the
people. But the picture is too revolting to
pursue it further.
Again, allow me to ask you the question,
was not Senator Schurz right when he said:
" I believe there is corruption, deep and damning
and festering, all through this administration?"
Do you not believe it? And will you
not take some steps immediately to remedy
the evil? If you do_ not, the people in the
power of their sovereignty will. A Vesuvius
is muttering, rumbling, boiling beneath our feet,
heated by the internal fires of long pent-up rage
and indignation of an outraged people, and
soon the molten lava will cover beneath it the
authors of these outrages, teaching a fearful
lesson to those who come after them.
Let us look for a moment as to the condi-
tion of our southern brethren,
On December 18, 1865, General Grant,
having been appointed by President Johnson
to visit the southern Slates and report upon
their condition, among other things in that
report used the following language:
" I am satisfied that tho mass of thinking men of
the South accept the Dresent situation of affairs in
good faith. The questions which have heretofore
divided the sentiment of the people of the two sec-
tions—slavery and State rights, or the right of a
State to secede from theUnion—they regard as hav-
ing been settled forever by the highest tribunal
(arms) that man can resort to. I was pleased to
learn from the leading men whom I met that they
not only accepted the decision arrived at as final,
but, now that the smoke ot battle has cleared away
and time has been given for reflection, that this
decision has been a fortunate one for the whole
country, they receiving like benefits from it with
those who opposed them in the field and in coun-
Cll." *.*•!it
"There is such universal acquiescence in the
authority of the Genera! Government throughout
the portions of country visited by me, that the mere
presence of a military force, without regard to num-
bers, is sufficient to maintain order. The good of
the country and economy require that the force
kept in the interior, where there are many freed-
men, (elsewhere in the southern States than at forts
upon the sea-coast no force is necessary,) should all
be white troops. The reasons for this are obvious
without mentioning many of them. Tho presence
of black troops, lately slaves, demoralizes labor,
both by their advice and by furnishing in their
camps a resort for the fieedmen for long distances
around. Wttite troops generally excite no oppo-
sition, and therefore a small number of them can
maintain order in a given district."
"My observations lead me to the conclusion that
the citizens of the southern States are anxious to
return to self-government within the Union as soon
as possible; that while reconstructing they want
and reauire protection from the Government; that
they arein earnest in wishing to do what they think
is required by the Government, not humiliating to
them as citizens, and that if such a course were
pointed out they would pursue it in good faith."
It is to be regretted that there cannot be a greater
commingling-, at this time, between the citizens of
the two sections,and particularly those intrusted with
the law-making power.
" I did not give the operations of the Freedmen's
Bureau that attention I would have done if more
time had been at my disposal. Conversations on the
subject, ho.vever, with officers connected with the
bureau, lead me to thmlc that, in some of the States,
its affairs have not been conducted with good judg-
ment or economy, and that the belief, widely spread
auxong tho fieedmen of the southern States, that
the lands of their former owners will, at least in
part be divided among them, has come from the
agents of this bureau."
Since the above report was madeto the then
President, seven long, dreary, bloody years
have passed away ; the southern people have
been kept in worse than Egyptian bondage.
He who found the southern people ihusfriendly
disposed to the Government, and had accepted
the situation in good faith, and had, to repeat
Geueral Grant's own language, given u uni-
versal acquiescence in the authority of the
General Government," has been made Presi-
dent, and the Republican party, both in na-
tional and State affairs, has had the absolute
control of the Government. "What a change!
Now a considerable portion of them are under
martial law, whole counties almost depopulated
of the whites, and one or more of those States
will soon be made a Liberia. No people in
the world have suffered as much as they
have. The Republican party has had com-
plete control, Republican Governors, Repub-
lican judges, both United States and State;
Republican Legislatures, Republican United
States marshals and United States troops,
both white and black. What is the result?
In the minority report of the joint select com-
mittee appointed by Congress, made February
19, 1872, on pages 485, 436, we find the fol-
lowing exhibit as to finances of eleven of these
States both before and since the war:
Alabama.
Debts and liabilities, July 1, 1861  $5,939,654 87
Debts and liabilities, July 1, 1868..  7,904,396 92
Present indebtedness, actual and con-
tingent.including railroad aid bonds, 38,381,96 / 37
Arkansas.
Debt and liabilities in 1861, not exceed- „
ing  4,036,952 87
Debt and liabilities, actual and contin-
gent, including railroad and levee „ ..
bonds, now  19,761,765 62
Florida.
Debt in 1860  221,000 00
Debt in 1868. June 8 ;  528,856 95
Debt now, including railroad bonds .
issued and authorized    15,763,447 54
