1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
39ft
may be in a minority, and an arrangement
made witli him will not be sufficient.
continuing an appropriation.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the bill which I send to
the desk, to prevent an appropriation therein
mentioned from lapsing because of delay in
the adjustment, be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and re-
quires the Secretary of War to carry oat the
award of the Department made in pursuance of
a resolution of Congress approved June 1, 1860,
in favor of the heirs and legal representatives
of George Fisher, deceased, for military sup-
plies for United States troops during the war
with the Creek Indians. It provides that the
appropriation contained in the first section
of the original act passed for the relief of the
claimants, approved April 12,1848, shall not be
allowed to lapse in consequence of the delay
in the adjustment, but the same is thereby re-
enacted and made available, any law, resolu-
tion, rule, or regulation of any Executive De-
partment in conflict therewith to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. We do not understand the facts of this
case. I make the point of order that the bill
.makes a reappropriation of money.
The SPEAKER. On a motion to suspend
the rules the point of order would not lie.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes 64, noes 27.
The SPEAKER. Is farther count insisted
on?
Mr. HOLMAN. Before dispensing with
further count I would like to know how much
money this appropriates ? It is an old affiair,
dating back to 1848. Nobody seems to know
anything about it. No explanation is given
of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me a single word, I will
say that this is a case which was brought to my
attention by Hon. John P. Hale, who had
charge of it when he was in Congress. It is a
case of a meritorious claim which in 1860
passed both Houses and lapsed from not being
taken up by the owner in consequence of his
death during the war. The appropriation
lapsed while the war was going on, and this is
merely to reappropriate it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why was the money not
paid if it was appropriated in 1860?
Mr. BUTLE t4, of Massachusetts. Because
it was not called for at the Treasury at the
time; and during the war it could not be
called for.
Mr. HOLMAN. How much is it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In answer
to that question I refer the gentleman to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. It is about twenty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. We ought certainly to have
some further information.
Mr. ARCHER. In 1868 Mr. Stevens re-
ported this bill from the Committee on Appro-
priations. I hold in my hand the Globe con-
taining the report of what then took place,
showing that the bill had passed the House
three times siuce 1860, but had not become a
law, by failing to pass the Senate. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] objected,
but the House passed the bill at that time.
Mr. HAZELT ON, of Wisconsin. Has the
claim ever been examined by the Committee
of Claims?
Mr. ARCHER. It was examined by the
Committee on Appropriations, when Mr. Ste-
vens was chairman of that committee, and the
bill was reported by him on the 4th June, 1868.
It then passed the House, and since then has
been twice again before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does any committee re-
port the bill at this time ?
Mr. ARCHER. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Might not the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Archer] himself give us
some idea of the character of this claim ? It
was before the Committee on Appropriations
while I was a member of that committee.
Perhaps the gentleman can refresh our recol
lections as to the nature of this claim and how
it originated.
Mr. ARCHER. It originated during the
Indian war in Florida, in the destruction of
property, partly by the Indians and partly by
United States troops.
Mr. DAWES. There was an appropriation
to settle tbis claim at one time, and this is a
revival of the appropriation to pay for some-
thing that was not paid for at the time. I
wish the gentleman would explain it, for the
circumstances of the claim have passed out of
my mind.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Archer were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. With a proper explanation
of this matter, such as the gentleman from
Maryland perhaps could make in a regular
report, the House might deem it proper to pass
this bill, but the gentleman himself does not
seem to be informed of the nature of this claim
except that it grew out of the Creek war. We
have appropriated more money in this Congress
to pay claims for Indian depredations in Flor-
ida than have been appropriated in the last
ten years.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 54.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
mrs. martha tilliston.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2944) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. MarthaTilliston, widow of George
W. Tilliston ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
decoration day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire what
has become of the motion to adjourn over ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought an
understanding had been arrived at between
the gentleman from Ohio and the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means and the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Our sugges-
tion was that no action should betaken on the
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to bring the
matter more fully before the House, I offer the
following resolution :
Resolved, That when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet at twelve o'eloek m. to-morrow,
and that no business shall be transacted during the
session to-morrow, except such as may have been
presented heretofore by the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
not press that resolution. Let us. come to-
gether here at eleven o'clock to-morrow and
do what business is required of us, and then
we can adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am willing to modify
my resolution so as to fix the hour of meeting
at eleven o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. We can, when we have com-
pleted the necessary business, either adjourn
or take a recess until evening, just as we
please. The gentleman will observe that if we
adopt this resolution there will be no quorum
here to-morrow, and we shall not be able to act
upon the tariff bill if it passes the Senate to-
night either by referring it or non-concurring
in the amendments of the Senate, as we shall
lose the whole day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no sort of objec-
tion to any arrangement that will prevent busi-
ness being done by two-third votes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There may be
a committee of conference upon the tariff bill,
and it may want to meet to-morrow evening.
Mr. DAWES. I have no desire to ask gen-
tlemen to sit here to-morrow excepting for an
hour or so in the morning. It does Seem to
me that if we adopt this resolution there may
not be a quorum here, and we may not be
able to act upon the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. An adjournment until half
past seven o'clock to-morrow evening will
answer all purposes.
Mr. DAWES. We may want to have a
conference committee at work on the tariff
bill during the day to-morrow. Is there any
objection in anybody's mind to coming here
and spending an hour to-morrow morning in
session ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suggest to the gentle-
man that we make the hour of meeting as early
as ten o'clock, or even nine o'clock, so that
gentlemen who may desire to attend the deco-
ration ceremonies may not be prevented from
so doing.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will modify my reso-
lution so as to make the hour of meeting at ten
o'clock instead of twelve.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
move that when the House adjourns it be to
meet at ten o'clock to-morrow, and will leave
the matter there.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry, and it is where this
new-born zeal for our dead soldiers comes
from upon the other side of the House?
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Campbell fought
on our side.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why ad-
journ over? Why not go on with our business?
What do you want of a night session ? I was
here all night last week at a night session and
some of you were not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will modify my reso-
lution so as to make the hour of meeting ten
o'clock, and the session of to-morrow one hour
in length.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] would not press that
proposition. Let us come here and go on with
our business. If we can get the bills I have re-
ferred to sentrto committees of conference, so
that they can be at work upon them, the rest
of the House may enjoy decoration day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We had
better go on with our regular business.
Mr. LYNCH. Does not this resolution
limiting the character of business to be con-
sidered to-morrow and the length of the ses-
sion require unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. Or a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I modify my resolution
by making the hour of meeting to-morrow ten
o'clock instead of twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as modi-
fied, will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That when the House adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet at ten o'clock a. in. to-morrow, and
that no business shall be transacted during the ses-
sion of to-morrow except such as may hare been
presented heretofore by the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. That will require a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. DAWES. That resolution, if adopted,
will insure that there will be no quorum here
to-morrow, and we will in that way lose the
whole.day. Now, if the gentleman will with-
draw his resolution we can come here to-
morrow and attend to such business as may
be before us, and then adjourn in time for the
decoration services.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rules and adopting the resolution submitted
by Mr. Campbell; and it was not agreed to,
two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
what that is ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My motion to
