1872.
TBfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as I said before, I know as well as I know
anything that has not happened in my pres-
ence, that there is no foundation for this in-
quiry ; and I expect by means of the report—
1 do not care who is on the committee—to
squelch these political scandals that have been
sown broadcast throughout the United States;
and, without calling motives into question, I
say to the Senator that he has placed himself
before this country in the ungrateful attitude
of invoking an investigation as to whether
neutral rights have been broken, which can
have no other effect, no other result, if it
should turn out to be true, than to give to a
foreign Government a cause of action against
his own.
The Senator from Missouri felt the force
and responsibility of his position a few min-
utes ago, when he met the point by asking,
"Does anybody suppose that even if this com-
mittee should so report at this time, the Ger-
man Government would take advantage of
it?" "Why," said he, " they would not take
advantage of it." In other words, our only
security in that case would be the magnanim-
ity of a foreign Government that finds out for
the first time, by the report of a committee
of this lin,dy that neutrality has been violated
towards it." '
I say that if the result of the investigations
of this committee should satisfy the Prussian
Government that our Government has been
guilty of a breach of neutrality, there is no
reason to believe that they would forbear to
prosecute their just claims. The fact that
they did not know it before would not make
any difference. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] asked me very properly, should the
German Government be more forbearing and
more magnanimous than our own Senators—
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
ator from Missouri ?
I am prepared to vote for this resolution. I
am prepared to go to the country upon this
whole proceeding. I shall have the under-
standing which the whole country will have,
and there can be no escape from it. The flow-
ers of rhetoric, eloquence, volubility—all will
not prevent the country from understanding
that, if there be any foundation for this pro-
ceeding at all beyond that of making mere
political capital, it is to give a foreign Gov-
ernment a cause of action against our own;
and whether that will be regarded with favor,
whether it will be regarded as patriotic, I leave
to the judgment of mankind.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I made a suggestion to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I would have moved an amend-
ment to carry out the suggestion, but I thought
if that motion was made we should be told
that we wanted to do things in the dark. It
was eminently proper that the resolution should
have that form; but I had no intention of pro-
voking anew the debate on this question.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that I
entirely misconceive this subject, that it is no
question of our foreign relations. Why, what
is the whole preamble? Does not the Sen-
ator tell the country that our good name is
compromised, that our honoris compromised?
Do not both the Senators say that the sale of
these arms seriously imperiled our friendly
relations with Prussia? Do not the Senators
both read international law here on this sub-
ject, and then tell us that it is a question with
which international law has nothing to do, that
it is a question as to the integrity of officers of
this Government; and when that question was
pushed upon the Senators in debate they with-
drew their charges against them.
Now, lot us know on .which horn of this
dilemma the Senators stand. Is it a ques-
tion merely to inquire into the conduct of our
officials; or is it a question, as the Senators
have over and over again asserted, of inter-
national law affecting our relations with for-
eign countries? I can tell the Senators, with
all respect, that the people of this country will
make them take ground before this matter is
closed finally with them, and will know whether
they undertake to make a case against our
country, and I believe the verdict will be
against them. ,
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the resolution, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. After the resolution is
adopted, will it then be in order to say any-
thing upon the preamble?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope I may have that
privilege.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to understand
that; otherwise I will say now what I have to
say about the preamble.
Mr. SUMNER. I would like to be in-
dulged.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether,
after the yeas and nays are called, anyone can
interject a speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pre-
amble will be open to debate after the resolu-
tion has been adopted, if it shall be adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr, President, I am in
favor of the fullest investigation of this sub-
ject, and I am opposed to making any altera-
tion in the resolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, because I believe the
Administration will derive benefit from the
fullest investigation. Iwas myself some years
ago the subject of very unjust examination and
investigation by a committee at the head of
which was a gentleman from Massachusetts.
When our great struggle for existence began,
when armed treason assailed the flag of the
Union, I felt that the war which thus began
would be a serious and prolonged contest;
that it would last long years; that it would
require large expenditures on the part of this
Government; and I believed that it would
require an immense amount of arms and am-
munition; that it would require money and
fortitude and courage and resolution to go
through with it; but I believed frotp the begin-
ning that God was on our side, and that in the
end we should surely win.
When I came into charge of the Depart-
ment of War I found only about one hundred
and sixty thousand muskets. I sent agents
all over the world to buy muskets of any
caliber and of any quality fit for use so that
they might come into the hands of our sol-
diers for the purpo.se of sustaining the cause
of the country. For this I was censured;
but I trusted to time, and time has vindicated
mo. I filled the arsenals with arms; and
after the struggle of the rebels against the
Government, while the country had enough
during the war, it turned out afterward that
we had an abundance left. It was then the
interest of the country to sell the surplus arms,
and Congress very properly ordered it to be
done. General Grant, however, had nothing
to do with all this.
Now, the President of the United States is
supposed to have done wrong. Let me just
put this proposition before the country: can
any man who came out of this war as General
Grant did have had reason to do anything
wrong? Look at the circumstances that sur-
rounded him. Until he was found, I am sorry
to say, our war seemed to be a failure. In
1863 he finished the campaign on the Missis-
sippi by the taking of Vicksburg, and subse-
quently he closed the war only though his own
judgment and skill. I remeniber how frequently
here, and especially how often the Senator from
Massachusetts talked to me about the wonder-
ful skill of that man whom Providence seemed
to have brought here for our own good. He
had no political aspirations. I remember my-
self going to him one day and saying, "The
country will make you President." He said
tome: "I would not be President; I have
now the highest honor which any man has ever
reached; 1 am commander of the Army of the
United States, with a rank above that of Gren-
eral Washington ; and shall I give that up and
take an office which cannot last more than
eight years, and most likely will not last more
th^ti four?" .
But, sir, he took the Presidency at the
earpest solicitation of gentlemen in this body
and all over the country. He has never been
my special friend. I do not think he has ever
made three appointments at my request, and
I have asked him to make at least three hun-
dred.. I have no idea that because a gentleman
comes into the Senate he is bound to abandon
all his old friends and turn his back upon them
when they may be applicants for position under"
the Government. About the only pleasure,
and certainly the only profit I have ever had
from being in the Senate, was that once in a
while I could take up some lonely creature and
be instrumental in putting him or her into a
place where he or she would be independent
of the world for the time being. Why should
I not have the privilege of doing that? When
I have a notion that somebody ought to have
a particular place under the Government in
Pennsylvania, I will recommend him or he>
for that place. One of my friends suggests
to me that for making this remark I shall be
chajged with "hanging on to the skirts of
power." Sir, I do not think "power" has
ever made me support it improperly.
.Now, sir, I want the Senator from Massar
chusetts to have his committee. I think the
strict rules of propriety would deprive him of
going on the committee, because I do not
believe an accuser can be of the jury, and I
do not think any man who brings an indict-
ment against a poor devil is even allowed to
be made a grand juror to decide whether he
ought.to be tried or not. But our rules here
are larger; they give more freedom than is
allowed in the courts of justice ; and therefore
I am willing the Senator should be on the
committee.
I did not really, Mr. President, intend to
say a word on this subject; but having risen I
have said certainly more than I meant to say
when I rose. I rose simply to say that I think
we ought not to decide this question to-night.
The Senator from Indiana this morning gave
notice that he hoped we would do so ; but my
impression is that the longer you talk about
this matter, the weaker will be the gentlemen
who have proposed this investigation, and the
stronger will be the Administration in conse-
quence of their opposition.
Why should I prefer General Grant? He
has never done me any honor. I have helped
him, but he has never helped me. He is Pres-
ident of the United States, however, and I
believe he has done his duty faithfully. I
believe he is as honest a man as there is in the
world. I believe he is a very much abler man
than his enemies give him credit for. If I
live, as I hope God will allow me to live, for
ten or twelve years after this, I should not be
surprised if I were to find those gentlemen
who are now assailing him admitting that
they had made a great mistake in it. Some of
the gentlemen who are now opposing Grant
opposed Lincoln; but after awhile they began
to see that Lincoln was a very wise man. He,
it was said, had no policy; but if a Senator
said an unkind word of him, he was very likely
to invite him to his house and ask him to take
tea with him the same night after the Senator
had opposed him. Grant, however, has a
good deal of my own spirit. If a man sriiites
him iii the face, he smites back, and that I
hold to be the better policy. No public man
in my belief ever made anything by succumb-
ing to his enemies, and I do not believe any
man in the world ever has made or ever will
make anything.by deserting his friends.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
longer. I support General Grant because the
people of Pennsylvania believe that he made
great sacrifices in giving up his high office,
