2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
committee, to whom was referred the bill (H.
ft. No. 1206) granting a pension to Timothy
Paigd, father of W. W. Paige, who was cap-
tain in company M, tenth regiment New York
State volunteers, have directed me to report
adversely. A pension was granted to the son
of the late W. W. Paige, which he drew until
he was sixteen years of age, and now the father
comes in and asks that a pension be granted
to him. The committee instruct me to report
adversely.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The same
committee, to whom was referred the petition
of Edward Briganski, praying to be restored to
the pension-roll, have had the same under con-
sideration and find that the party was employed
as a policeman in the city of New Orleans dur-
ing the rebellion, and they therefore instruct
me to report adversely.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
assignments of business.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask that the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia be allowed
to have Tuesday of the week after next set
apart for the transaction of business from that
committee. There are a great many bills
which I have been unable to get up in the
morning hour: but they ought to be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire asks that Tuesday week
be assigned for the consideration of bills from
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
subject, of course, to the unfinished business
of the previous evening. Is there objection?
Mr. CARPENTER. I was not in yester-
day; but I understand the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary to have obtained
some day early in the week for the business
of that committee.
The'VICE PRESIDENT. Monday week.
This proposition is for Tuesday week. If there
be no objection the order will be made. It is
made.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad have three or four bills which
are of importance, none of them land grants,
but to enable work that is in process of con-
struction to go on unembarrassed. It seems
to be necessary legislation, and none of it in-
volving land grants, but matters that I feel
very much disinclined to call up in the morn-
ing hour. 1 want any matters that affect cor-
porations to be fairly considered. The com-
mittee this morning authorized me to request
the Senate to set apart some day. I presume
it will not take a whole day. 1 do not believe
in passing bills by crowding them in the morn-
ing hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What day does
the Senator desire?
Mr. STEWART. I would name Friday week,
this day two weeks.
Mr. COLE. That may interfere with the
appropriation bills, and tliey have made some
progress. If we get through with them hy
that time we shall have time for something
else ; but I doubt whether they will be through
at that time. 1 give notice that J shall insist
on the consideration of appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to this proposition? During tbe
absence of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations one day was assigned for busi-
ness of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, of which probably, he is not advised.
It is subject, of course, however, to a vote
of the Se'nate. The Senator from Nevada now
asks that Friday week be assigned, subject, of
course, to the unfinished business of the pre-
vious evening, to the consideration of reports
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Is there any objection ? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. THURMAN. Some days ago, on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] the report of the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections in the case of the North
Carolina Senatorship was set for a particular
day. It so happened that on that day I was
compelled to be in the Supreme Court, and
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
was compelled to leave the Senate on account
of sickness in his family ; and for those rea-
sons the hearing of the matter was postponed
with the understanding, as it was stated, as I
saw iti the Globe, that some day should be
arranged between the Senator from Wisconsin
and myself when we would ask the Senate to
consider that report. We now propose to call
it up next Wednesday. That day was desig-
nated by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] to call up the bill in regard to
French spoliations, but he thinks that bill will
not occupy much of the time of the Senate
on that day; and if it should be likely to do
so, I hope he will have no objection to our
moving to postpone the farther consideration
of that bill until this question, which is a ques-
tion of high privilege, and ought to have been
disposed of long ago, shall be disposed of. I
therefore wish to give notice, if agreeable to
the other members of the committee, that on
Wednesday next we shall ask the Senate to
take up that report.
Mr. CAMERON. As I stated the other day,
I have given way for several months in relation
to the French spoliation bill, which I think is
one of the most important that could be acted
upon by this body. Last Tuesday, by the in-
dulgence of the Senate, I was to hs; ve addressed
the Senate on that bill; but I happened, com-
ing from Pennsylvania the night before, to get
a severe cold in my throat which prevented me
from speaking, and therefore I did not bring
up the bill on that day. I then stated to the
Senate that I should ask them to give me next
Wednesday. I think we shall not occupy more
than two hours on that day. I shall speak but
thirty minutes. My remarks will be condensed.
My triend, the Senator from Maryland, will
make a much more extended speech than I
shall. My desire is to get the bill before the
Senate and before the country on that day, so
that it may attract throughout the country the
attention which I think it deserves. I shall
move, if tbe Senate will allow me, directly after
the morning business has been disposed of on
that day, to bring up that bill. I do not think
it will occupy more than two hours.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I shall ask the Sen-
ate on next Thursday to take up the case of
the North Carolina Senatorship.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has given notice in regard
to the French spoliation bill for Wednesday
of next week, the two previous days having
already been assigned to two committees.
The Senate some time since, by unanimous
consent, agreed that the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] who represents the majority of
the Committee on Privileges and Elections
upon the North Carolina ease, should have
the right at one o'clock on a da.y fixed to move
to call up that case against all other business ;
that he should be recognized and take the
floor and move to take it up; and that priv-
ilege was continued until such time as the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin and the Senator from
Ohio might suggest. Therefore, the Senator
from Ohio now giving notice, on Thursday
next, at one o'clock, the Chair will recognize
the Senator from Illinois or any Senator rep-
resenting the majority of the committee 
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To take the
sense of the Senate to call up the North Car-
olina case against whatever business may then
be pending.
Mr. STEWART. I believe the morning
business is now over.
Mr. CAMERON. My motion has not yet
been disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
disposed of because the Senator only gave
notice, hut if tlie Senator desires to make the
bill a special order, the Chair will submit the
question to the Senate. The Senator from
Pennsylvania states that he desires to submit
a motion to the Senate, which now requires
unanimous consent, that the French spoliation
bill shall be made the special order of the day
for Wednesday next.
Mr. COLE. I must object to any special
order being made. I am willing that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania or any other Senator
shall give notice of his purpose to move to
call up a bill on a certain day, but I cannot
consent to anything being made a special
order until we get through with some of the
appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the bill itself
is not now before the Senate, the Senator from
Pennsylvania cannot make the motion, objec-
tion being made: but it will go over until
to morrow 
Mr. CAMERON. I will content myself
with having given the notice, and I will trust
to the indulgence and courtesy of the Senate
to take up the bill on that day.
bills introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 930) authorizing the extension of the rail-
way of the Metropolitan Railroad Company in
the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its tide, referred to the Committee on the
Distiictof Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 931) authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Arkansas river at Little
Rook, Arkansas; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
932) to remove the political disabilities of W.
R. Miles, of Yazoo county, Mississippi; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 933) in reference to the carrying of freight
and passengers on the Union Pacific railroad
and us branches; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
pki.nting of testimony.
Mr. CASSERLY. On reading the Globe
this morning, I observe that yesterday in the
morning hour a resolution was referred to the
Printing Committee, and soon after reported
back from the committee and adopted by the
Senate, which concurred in the amendment of
the House of Representatives largely reducing
the number of copies of the report of the Senate
Committee of Investigation, to be printed with
the testimony taken before the committee in re-
gard to alleged abuses in the New York custom-
house. The amendment of tb ; House reduces
the number of copies with the testimony from
ten thousand, as proposed by the Committee
of Investigation and adopted by the Senate, to
two thousand, of which the Senate is to have
five hundred. I wish to state, though I was in
the Senate during nearly all the morning hour,
and when the House amendment was reporteu
back and passed. I was not aware of the pro-
ceeding; though I am quite sure the fact that
I was present escapedthe notice of my two col-
leagues on the Printing Committee, otherwise
as a member of the committee I would havo
been notified. I state this as the reason why
I am justified now in a double interest as a
member of the Printing Committee and also
of the Committee of Investigation in moving
to reconsider the vote of yesterday. My wish
is to have the resolution reconsidered, and then
