8978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
suspend the rules and proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard several
gentlemen make that motion, but no one that
he recognized by name as entitled to the floor
to make a motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moved to go
to business on the Speaker's table ; and I moved
that the rules be suspended so as to go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize either of the gentlemen for that purpose.
japanese indemnity sdnd.
Mr. BANKS. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House re-
committed to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs House bill No. 2798, to release the
Government of Japan from the payment of
the balance of the indemnity fund remaining
unpaid, amounting to $375,000, under the
convention of October 22, 1864.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United Slates to absolve and
release the Government of the empire of
Japan from the payment of the balance,
amounting to $375,000, of the indemnity due
to the United States under the convention
between the United States, Great Britain,
France, and Holland, of the one part, and
Japan of the other, signed at Yokohama on
the 22d of October, 1864, and from the pay-
ment of any interest which may be due on
said balance; and provides that it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of State to com-
municate officially to the Government of
Japan information of the action of the Pres-
ident under and by virtue of the authority
hereby given.
Mr. BANKS. This bill is unanimously
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. It has been thoroughly considered;
it is recommended by the Government of the
United States; it was fully considered at an
evening session of last week. There was no
objection made to it; a quorum was present;
bat at the request of the honorable gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] it was recommit-
ted and a motion to reconsider entered, with
the understanding that no motion should be
made to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. I hope there will be no objection to
the passage of this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague [Mr. Banks] yield to me for a few
minutes?
Mr. BANKS. For what purpose?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To oppose
this bill.
Mr. BANKS. If the House chooses to go
into a debate upon this bill I will not object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 do not
think we should give up $500,000 without a
word of argument or debate upon it.
Mr. ELDKEDGE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] yield to me for an
inquiry?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not know but gen-
tlemen on this side of the House understand
the equities of this matter. But as I heard
the bill read it struck me as a sort of supple-
mental treaty, with which we have nothing to
do. Ought there not to be another treaty?
It seems to me that now-a-days it is getting to
be very fashionable to modify treaties. Is not
this in effect a modification of a treaty under
which we got an advantage of the Japanese as
we got advantage of England under the late
treaty which has lately been modified ? Is this
case like that? If so, what have we to do with
jt? Why does not the treaty-making power,
if it has the advantage, make the amende hon-
orable and pay this money back by a treaty
negotiated in the regular form? I do not un-
derstand what the House of Representatives
has to do with this question, and I would like
to hear from the gentleman on that point.
Mr. BANKS. This is a matter of ordinary
legislation entirely. It does not concern any
money paid to the Government; it relates to
unpaid installments under the treaty named in
the bill. The Japanese Government is unable
to pay these installments ; it has asked time ;
and our Government, in consideration of all
the circumstances, recommends that Japan
should be released from the payment of those
installments now unpaid. There is now in the
Treasury $705,000, or probably $750,000,
which has been paid by the Japanese Govern-
ment under this treaty. Mr. Seward, late Sec-
retary of State, has declared, in documents
which are before the House, that this amount
has been received absolutely without any equiv-
alent; it was received under a treaty enforced
against Japan by four Powers, of which the
United States was one. All the expenses that
have been incurred by the United States Gov-
ernment during this whole period do not cover
forty thousand dollars.
This bill refers only to the unpaid installments
which the Government of Japan is unable at
this time to pay. In consideration of the fact
that Japan has opened all the ports of that
empire to our commerce, that she is inviting
friendly relations with us, and is studying our
institutions with a view of establishing similar
ones, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, em-
bracing gentlemen representing the Democratic
as well as the Republican side of the House,
have agreed, after very full and careful consid-
eration, extending over many weeks, that we
should release the Japanese Government from
the payment of these unpaid installments.
I will now yield to my colleague [Mr. But-
ler, of Massachusetts] live minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House in remarks which will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. BANKS. I yield three or four minutes
to my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Willard]
Mr. WILLARD. The question which has
been presented here in regard to the crew
of the Wyoming or any claim they may
have for prize-money, is really not involved
at all in the bill before the House. As has
been stated by the chairman of the commit-
tee, there are more than seven hundred thou-
sand dollars now in the possession of our Gov-
ernment which have been received from the
Japanese Government. This' is much more
than sufficient to cover any possible claim on
behalf of the crew of the Wyoming. AH that
is asked for on account of the Wyoming is
$160,000, and it cannot in any event I believe
exceed that amount.
The whole of the question presented to the
House may be very briefly stated. Our Gov-
ernment, by uniting with the allied Powers in
opening certain ports in Japan, became sharer
in a large indemnity fund which was agreed
to be paid by the Japanese Government. The
cost to our Government of that expedition
cannot be put, in any event, at more than
$15,000. That will cover all the expenses of
ammunition and all other charges as far as we
are concerned. The amount stipulated to be
paid by the Japanese Government to the treaty
Powers was $3,000,000. The amount coming
to us was $750,000. We have received one
half of that sum, which, with interest, amounts
now to more than $700,000. The remaining
installments of the indemnity, amounting to
$375,000, have not been paid. From time to
time extensions have been granted to the
Japanese Government at their request, in re-
spect to these upaid installments, and in con-
sideration of that extension they have.remitted
certain duties. The time fixed by the last
extension expires in June, and unless some
action is taken by our Government the remain-
ing installments will then be exacted.
It is proposed that we remit the balance oF
these installments. In other words, we say to
the Japanese Government, especially in view
of the closer relations we are sustaining to
them, in view of the fact of their ports being
thrown open to our commerce, in view of the
fact that we have received $700,000, when the
expedition cost only $15,000 at the outside—
we say to the Japanese Government, in view
of all these facts, we will remit the balance of
what the chairman of the committee very
properly the other evening called " blood
money we will remit the balance of this in-
demnity which you agreed to pay, and for which
we gave no consideration whatsoever; and
especially will we remit it when now your ports
are open to our commerce, and the two Gov-
ernments are exchanging friendly greetings
and looking forward to close and mutually
beneficial commercial relations.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Does the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] say that
$15,000 will cover the cost of an expedition
in which four of our men were killed and a
good many wounded?
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Starkweather] is entirely mis-
taken in regard to that. The treaty which
was made was made in consideration of another
and entirely different expedition, conducted
by the allied Powers, and on that expedition,
out of which this treaty grew, the United
States Government did not lose a vessel or a
man. The whole estimate by the Secretary
of the Navy of what it cost us was $15,000 ;
and, as I have stated, there are now $700,000
in the hands of the Government which can be
applied to indemnify any parties suffering
injury, or to give prize-money to ihe officers
and crew of the Wyoming, or to meet any
other claim which can be properly made.
But since that money has been in the hands
of the United States Government no claim of
any magnitude has been made except for the
steamer Wyoming, and that is only $160,000.
Now, in view of these facts, and in view of
the further fact that we are now cultivating
friendly relations with the Government of
Japan, I tbiuk this request is a very proper
one—call it an act of generosity, if you please—
that we shall remit the balance of this indem-
nity, which ought not to have been required
by us in the beginning, and which we are now
bound to remit by every consideration of equity
and of the fair dealing which should be main-
tained between friendly Powers.
I ask leave to append to my remarks the
following extracts from the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, accompanying
this bill:
" The rebels against the liberal policy of the Jap-
anese Government seized the torts, and some of the
principal naval posts, and made war upon all for-
eign vessels. The American frigate Wyoming and
the merchant ship Pembroke were fired upon in
1863. In 1864, Choshu, Prince of Ungate, who ruled
the provinces ofSuwo and Nagato, having absolute
possession of the Japanese fortifications which com-
manded the straits of Siuaonoseki, and having with
him the person of the mikado, or spiritual ruler,
refused to recegnize the validity of the treaties
concluded by the tycoon with foreign Powers, arid
closed by force this chief passage to the principal
inland sea of the empire.
"In this controversy the tycoon desired atfirst to
conciliate the anti-f"reign party, and was disposed
to yield to their demands; but he was relieved Irom
that necessity by the support which the treaty Pow-
ers gave to his Government. At his request the
lorees of the United States, Great Britain. Prance,
and the Netherlands in Japanese waters jointly de-
termined to open the straits by force. The cam-
paign opened on the 4th of September, 1864, and
lasted five days. The fleets destroyed the batteries
commanding the stiaits, blew up the magazines,
threw shot and shell into the sea, canied away sev-
enty cannon, and obtained an unconditional sur-
render from Prince Choshu, who agreed to pay the
expenses of the expedition.
"Tlie treaties were ratified bytho mikado,as they
had been before by the tycoon, thus uniting the
two elements of power existing in the Government
ot Japan, and the liberal foreign policy of the
tycoon was firmly established. Ttie Government of
the tycoon, preferring to assume the expenses of
the expedition which Choshu had agreed to pay,
entered into the convention of October 22, 1864,
stipulating to pay the four Powers $3,000,000, ' this
sum to include all claims of whatever nature for
post aggressions on the part of Nngato, whether
indemnity, ransom for Simonoseki, or expenses
entailed by the operations of the allied squadrons.'
The whole sum was to be paid quarterly in install-
ments of $500,000 each.
