1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
presented by a Senator on the floor, as in the
present case the Senator from Massachusetts
presented a preamble and a resolution follow-
ing the preamble. After the resolution was
amended the Senator from Massachusetts de-
sired to withdraw the preamble. The Chair
ruled then that he could not withdraw it, as
the resolution itself had been amended, and
the resolution, as referred to on page 239 of
Jefferson's Manual, was so connected with the
preamble that when the resolution itself was
pending the preamble had to be reserved for
action till after the resolution was acted upon.
It could not be withdrawn, nor could it be
modified except by the consent of the Senate.
That consent was declined in that case, and
therefore it was not acted upon.
The Senator from Vermont states that the
preamble is part of the resolution, as the
Chair understands the point of order, and that
therefore laying the preamble on the table
carries the resolution with it. That would
be correct if the resolution were pending.
Unquestionably whatever is attached to the
proposition which is pending, if that prop-
osition is laid upon the table, goes with it.
Take the case of an amendment to any bill
except an appropriation bill by the revised
rules; if the amendment is laid on the table,
it carries the bill with it, because it is attached
to the bill and the bill itself is pending.
But, in the opinion of the Chair, that rule
does not hold where the resolution itself has
been agreed to by the direct vote of the Sen-
ate after consideration, amendment, and a
vote of the Senate upon it.
The Chair will put a case that may perhaps
satiffy some Senators who have doubts upon
this subject. Suppose instead of this pream-
ble and resolution there has been three res-
olutions connected together introduced, the
first resolution censuring the Secretary of the
Treasury, the second resolution censuring the
Secretary ot War, the third resolution cen-
suiing the chief of ordnance. The Chair
alludes to this not that the resolution is ex-
actly assimilated to that case, but because
these three officers have been alluded to in
the debate. Any Senator would have a right
to demand a division ; he could have the ques-
tion taken separately on each resolution, be-
cause here would be three distinct proposi-
tions. Suppose the first resolution is agreed
to ; the second resolution comes up, and after
debate some Senator moves to lay it upon the
table, and that motion prevails. Does that
carry to_ the table a resolution upon a differ-
ent subject, connected originally with it by
the mover, but having already passed from
the consideration of the Senate, open by the
rules to a motion for reconsideration by any
one voting in the majority moving to recon-
sider, except where that is closed by the action
of the Senate? Certainly the Chair thinks it
does not.
The Chair now comes to the rule itself. He
thinks he is confirmed in his view by the pre-
cise language of the twelfth rule. The twelfth
rule of the Senate reads:
" If the question in debateeontain several points,
any Senator may have the same divided."
This is a resolution with a preamble. It
certainly contained these two distinct points.
A division was demanded, and a division was
had. The rule is that "if the question iti
debate contain several points," it may be
divided, and this question has been divided.
The eleventh rule states:
"When a question is under debate
Precisely the same words except the word
" under " instead of " in" —
"no motion shall be received but to adjourn; to
proceed to the consideration of executive business:
to lay on the table," &c.
This question was " under debate." It was
"divided," as the resolution could standby
itself without any preamble whatever. The
preamble was not necessary, in a parliament-
ary sense, to it. The resolution might have
been so amended that this preamble would
have had to be totally changed, and have had
to be an affirmation of the acts that are com-
plained of in it. It might be so a mended that
no preamble would be needed by anybody in
the Senate or desired by the mover himself.
Therefore, although originally connected as
offered, the preamble and resolution were
divisibly connected; that is, they stood sepa-
rately, and the resolution by itself, without
regard to the preamble, has been decided, the
question in debate having been divided. The
Chair therefore thinks he can no more refuse
to entertain a motion to lay the preamble on
the table than he could refuse to entertain a
motion to adjourn, which is provided for by
the eleventh rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Now that they have been
separated and the resolution has been adopted,
is not the preamble in the power of the mover ?
May I not now withdraw it? The yeas and
nays not having been ordered, I ask leave to
withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The pending question is
the question of order; and from the ruling of
the Chair I appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question
must first be decided. The Senator from Ver-
mont appeals from the decision of the Chair.
The_ question is, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I of course
have a very great respect for the opinion of the
Chair ; but it appears to me that the decision
is so fatal to the proper progress of business
in this body that I ought to appeal from it, at
least for the purpose of discussion.
If the Chair was right the other day, as I
have no doubt he was, in deciding that this
preamble was a part of the resolution, then
it appears to me that adopting the body of
the resolution (because they are separated in
the course of parliamentary procedure) is only
adopting a-part of the resolution ; for if the
resolution is composed of a preamble and
body as the Chait has already decided, then
the adoption of one part and not of the other
does not dispose of the resolution as a whole.
It leaves still a part of it, which may char-
acterize the meaning of that which we have
already agreed to, pending before the Senate.
The Chair has suggested that this is just
like three separate resolutions proposed by a
member censuring the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Treasury, and so on. If the
resolutions are separate, then they are not
connected ; but if it is one resolution in three
branches, censuring first the Secretary of the
Treasury, and next the Secretary of War, and
then the Secretary of State, and we vote as we
may by a division of the question first upon
the first branch of the resolution and agree to
that, there still remains the other part of the
resolution containing two other branches upon
which we have not voted and which we have
not disposed of; and therefore it would not
do to say in a case of that kind that we had
passed any resolution until we had disposed
of the two remaining parts of the proposition
which was before the Senate.
Every proposition before the Senate is an
entirety, although, according to the principles
ot our rules and of parliamentary law, that
entirety may be divided into sections in order
that the will of the body may be taken upon
each section separately. But having taken
the will of the body upon one branch of the
proposition does not necessarily imply that
the will of the body as to the other branch is
exercised at all, but the contrary. So that if
this preamble be, as the authorities ail are,
and as the Chair has hitherto decided, a part
of this resolution, adopting the resolution does
not reject the preamble so that the preamble
is disposed of; it does not separate the resolu-
tion from the preamble if the preamble was a
part of it, because if it did separate it, then it
would be equivalent to a rejection, and there
would be no question before the Senate at this
moment. ■
Now, of course all this is in the will of the
Senate. I do not care how the question of
order is decided except to have it right; but
inasmuch as we have debated this preamble
for weeks, and have debated really nothing
else than the charges and assertions it contains,
I think it a very poor return for the amount
of labor which we have bestowed and the con-
sideration which we have devoted to this subject
that we are after all to turn our backs upon the
whole subject of conteufion theSenatehas had
and not decide it all. I think it would be a
reflection upon the people who are implicated
by the charges in that preamble that we should
not say yes or no to the charges which it con-
tains. But that is foreign to the precise ques-
tion of order that is raised. I only speak of
that as my apology for, in order to settle this
question, appealing from the decision of the
Chair, in order that the sense of the Senate
may be taken upon it,
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
Massachusetts proceeds, I should like to ask
the Senator from Vermont whether now is the
time to make the point of order. Undoubt-
edly the Senate can put anything upon the
table. The Senator from Vermont insists that
the effect of laying the preamble upon the
table is to carry the resolution there too. We
have not reached the point when such a ques-
tion of order can be made by him. I do not
agree with him; but I submit to him whether
he has not been discussing a point of order
that he cannot now make. There is no doubt
about the power of the Senate to lay this pre-
amble on the table. Whether that carries the
resolution with it is another question. I have
no doubt the Chair is right; but the Senator
cannot raise the point until the question comes
up as to what effect the laying of the preamble
upon the table lias on the resolution itself*. I
submit he is premature in his point of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I begin by inquiring what
the judgment of the Chair is on my proposi-
tion ?
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The judgment
of the Chair is that points of order and espe-
cially appeals must first be settled before any-
thing else can be decided by the Chair. There
cannot be two different and debatable appeals
pending at once; that is to say, the Chair now
having announced his decision, it having been
asked, as to what the effect of this motion will
be, the Senator from Vermont appeals from
that decision; and if the Chair should now
rule upou the application of the Senator from
Massachusetts there might be an appeal upon
that, and ceitainly it would be very inconven-
ient. to the Senate, if not to the Chair, to have
two or three appeals pending at once and
debatable at race, neither one of them being
decided. The parliamentary law is that a point
of order and an appeal must first be settled.
Mr. SUMNER. I bow habitually to the
decisions of the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
one moment to suggest to the Chair that there
can be 110 appeal now? It was a mere parlia-
mentary inquiry, I think, as they say in the
other House, of the Chair. Until the vote
has been taken on the motion to lay on the
table and then the question is raised, what was
the effect of that? there can be no appeal. We
are only asking the Chair, as usual, how to
vote, by inquiring what the effect of the vote
.will be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
remind the Senator from Ohio that the Sena-
tor from Vermont appeals from the decision
of the Chair on two grounds: first, that the pre-
amble cannot be laid on the table; and,second,
that if laid on the table it canies the resolu-
tion with it, which are a little inconsistent, but
the Chair luled on both and overiuled both.
The Chair does not understand the Senator
from Vermont to insist on the first point, but
