1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3979
One million and a half of dollars have been paid
under thisconvention, and $1,500.000remain unpaid.
The Japanese Government asked to have the pay-
ment of the balance deferred until 1872, because of
its utter inability to meet the demands made upon
it pursuant to the convention, its obligations to the
allied Governments being, however, fully recog-
nized." ********
"In a letter dated January 8,1863, addressed to
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
the Secretnry of State (Mr. Seward)made this state-
ment: 'That pursuant to the stipulations of the
treaty with Japan of the 22d of October, 1864, to
-which the United States was a party, this Govern-
ment has received from tbe Japanese Government,
■without substantial equivalent, as its share of the
indemnity stipulated to be paid by that treaty, the
Bum of $600,000 in gold. This amount has been in-
vested in United States registered bonds, and awaits
such disposition as Congress may direct.'
" The aggregate claims for all injuries to Ameri-
can citizens and property in Japan wns stated by
the American minister, in December, 1863, at $30,000.
Demands were made tor $32,000, exclusive ot the
diinnge done to the Pembroke, which was fixed by
the Japanese Government at $10,000. (Pages 463 and
475, Diplomatic Correspondence 1864-65, part 3.) So
that the whole amount of damages claimed by the
United Sfatcs would not exceed £12,000 up to De-
cember, 1863.
"The naval forceof theUnited States on the coast
of Japan in September, 1864, was the Jamestown,
with two hundred and eighteen men and twenty-
one guns, and a chartered steamer, Ta-Kiang, with
forty men and three guns. The Jamestown was as-
feigned in the defense of the port of Yokohama, and
the Ta-Kiang formed part of the expedition to Simo-
noseki. The French naval force consisted of the
Semir.imis, Dupleix, and Tancred, with sixty-four
guns and .eight hundred and fifty men. The Eng-
lish fleet numbered ten war vessels, with one hun-
dred and sixiy-lour guns and two thousand eight
hundred and fitty men, including marines and
engineers. The Netherlands had tour war vessels,
with fifty-six guns and nine hundred and fifty men.
" It appears from this history that the indemnity
fund was intended to satisfy ' all claims, of whatever
nature, for past aggressions on the part of Nagato,
whether indemnity, ransom of Simonoseki, or ex-
penses entailed by the operations of the allied squad-
rons.' The Government of the United States has
already received a sum which, with the interest
thereon, amounts to more than seven hundred thou-
sand doilais. All tile c'aiuis for injuries sustained
by this Government in consequence of the opera-
tions ot Nagato do not amount to $40,000. The
expenses incurred by the Government ot the United
States by the participation of the chartered steamer
Ta-Kiang m the operations against Simononseki
in 1864 cost the Government only a few thousand
dollais."
Mr. AMBLER. I ask the chairman of the
committee to -yield to me a few moments.
Mr. BANKS. Before doing so I will call
the previous question on reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was recommitted.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman havean
hour after the seconding of tbe previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. BANKS. I report the bill from my
committee, and presume I am entitled to an
hour after the seconding of the previous ques-
tion.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 61. noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Baxks and Mr.
Sargext.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. BANKS. I yield now a few moments
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes ]
Mr. DAWES. I hope the bill will pass.
I do not see on what ground we can propose
to collect this money. It was a voluntary
service of our vessels which cost us about
fifteen thousand dollars. We went in with
tbe allied Powers where we were under no
obligation to go whatever. The allied Powers
got Japan under, and in order to be relieved
from them she offered $3,000,000, which the
allied Powers accepted and divided it into
four parts and gave us one fourth of it. They
gave us an equal part for what cost us $15,000.
We have already received $700,000, and my
colleague wants to get the balance out of them.
Now, I want to tell you an account of the
way this fund is used that was given me by
our minister to Japan. We passed a law here
daring the last Congress to pay $30,000 out
of this fuad to indemnify a mau for damages
which, he had received to a vessel of his in
Japan by being fired upon, as he made us
believe. Our minister to Japan gave me an
account of that affair. Before the vessel was
fired upon the owner had offered for three
months to sell it in open market for $5,000
and could not find a purchaser. He went
into an illicit trade up one of their rivers and
they fired shot-guns upon his vessel and fright-
ened him away, and the authorities chased
him in order to arrest his vessel and punish
him for his illicit trade, but he got away from
them and came here and said he was damaged
by a few shot-guns to the amount of $30,000,
and we passed a law giving him that amount
out of this fund.
The minister also told me of another claim
which a man made on the Japanese Govern-
ment and presented to him. He examined it,
and it was of such a character that he said he
could not recommend the Government of
Japan to pay it. The man came to him next
day and said that he did not care to have him
press it further, for he would come to the
United States and get it paid out of the Jap-
anese fund, and that is the way the fund will
be disposed of if we keep it; men will come
here with claims from that far-off country,
colorable claims, swollen by all imaginary
testimony, taken at a distance of eight thou-
sand miles, and we will never know but that
they are just claims until after the claimants
have got the mouey.
Here are some two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars; it is proposed, because Japan, in
order to be relieved from the pressure of the
allied Powers, (into whose business we went by
invitation, at a cost of but $15,000, and have
received $700,000,) agreed to pay this money,
that we shall hold them to pay the balance of
$250,000, and whenever anybody comes here
with a grievance, just or unjust, against Japan,
we will order them to be paid and quarter it
upon this fund. That is all there is of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot. The floor belongs
to my colleague, [Mr. Banks.] We have no
right to this money. There is no justice in
our taking it, no equity whatever. It would
be unconscionable that we should hold it if it
were in our Treasury, and the idea of exact-
ing it from a nation, while we are undertaking
to cultivate commercial relations with that
nation, and with the possibilities which Japan
has in reference to our commerce and our trade,
is very idle and very foolish.
Mr. BANKS. I yield three minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague allow me to ask my other colleague
[Mr. Dawes] a question?
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am going to vote for
the bill reported by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, although I am not in the habit, as
most members of the House know, of voting
for such bills generally.
I have been acquainted with this fund which
we are getting from the Japanese ever since
I have been in Congress, or ever since we have
had any such fund. It has been nothing but
a carcass to attract the eagles. Whatever we
have now is a subject of contention among
various claimants; I do not mean the claim-
ants described by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] but every kind of
clai mailt that coeies to Congress.
During tbe last session of Congress I took
some interest, with my colleague who sits
in front of me [Mr. Townsend] and with
the whole Committee on Appropriations, to
get this fund covered into the Treasury, the
six or seven hundred thousand dollars which
we then had. The Secretary of State reported
to us the amount, and a bill was drawn and
reported unanimously from the Committee on
Appropriations, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] at that time being chair-
man of the committee. But the House, by
some kind of legerdemain or rule, or by its
deliberate judgment, I have forgotten which,
rejected that bill. The Secretary of State then
came here and asked us to apply the fund to
build a State Department building, for which
we were called upon to make an appropriation,
and the House rejected that proposition. The
gentleman from Massachusetts from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Bakes] asked
that we might use this fund to establish a col-
lege in China or Japan.
Mr. BANKS. No; we have not asked that
yet.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, that propositioc
was made in some way and rejected.
Mr. BANKS. Not by us.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Naval-
Affairs—and I happened to have the honor to
be upon that committee—came in and asked
that about one third of this fund should be
used to pay the officers and crew of the Kear-
sarge ; but that proposition was amended, and
passed in another form. We now have a bill
pending to take about one third of this fund
and pay the officers and crew of the United
States steamer Wyoming. So that the eagles
from all quarters are gathered around this car-
cass. Now, I do not want to see any more of
them. If we cannot agree to make some good
use of the fund which we now have, why
should we take anymore from these poor peo-
ple to add to it, to be the subject of corruption
and quarreling among ourselves?
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say one word
upon this subject in reply to my colleague,
[Mr. Butler.] The claim to which he refers
does not touch this question at all. Whatever
claim thai is, it is against money which is in
the Treasury or under the control of the Gov-
ernment. In the first place, I say to him that
the claim which be presents does not coine
under this treaty at all. This is for compen-
sation to Americans for losses sustained by
them ; the claim he presents is on account
of losses sustained by the Japanese. We will
make no opposition to liis claim, but it is not
to be considered in this connection in any way
whatever. When it comes before the House
it will then be properly considered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg the
gentleman's pardon; I have no claim on account
of Japanese.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman appears here
on behalf of the claimants.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What
claimants? I am here for no claimants.
Mr. BANKS. We never had any good
claim against the Japanese for this fund, be-
cause it was a claim against the rebels of the
Japanese. It was precisely what a claim
against the Government of the United States
for injuries done during the rebellion by the
southern armies would have been. The Gov-
ernment of the United States could not have
been held responsible for that, nor could the
Government of Japan be held responsible for
the injuries done to us by the rebels there.
But, with a wisdom which we did not possess,
or a folly which we did not possess, the Jap-
anese Government assumed the debt incurred
by the rebels, and they have paid $750,000 of
it, which we now have in the Treasury.
Now, there is an amount unpaid, and which
they are unable to pay, and in regard to which
they appeal for clemency. We owe this clem-
ency to them. They are our wards; we brought
them into the family of nations, and we ought
not to press them at this moment in tjie man-
ner which appears to be the disposition of
gentlemen on this side of the House. My
honorable colleague has said that they are
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I said
half savages.
Mr. BANKS. Half savages, then. Sir, no
nation on the face of the earth has given such
evidence of progress and civilization as havs
