3084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6
children of the soldiers of the regular Army
of the United States; -which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
harriet mattis.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2668) granting a pension to Mrs. Harriet Mattis,
■widow of Isaac Mattis, a private in the one
hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania volun-
teers ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
extension 01' patents.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2669) to authorize the exten-
sion of patents in certain cases; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
moneys due the state of georgia.
Mr. PRICE presented the memorial of his
Excellency Thomas M. Smith, Governor of
the State of Georgia, praying for the payment
of money due by the Government of the United
States to the State of Georgia for the use of
the Western and Atlantic railroad, the prop-
erty of the State of Georgia, by the authorities
of the United States since the war; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRICE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2670) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the State of Georgia the
sum of $300,000, or such sum as may be found
due said State for the use of the Western and
Atlantic, railroad by the authorities of the
United States since the war; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be piinted.
removal 01' political disabilities.
Mr. PRICE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2671) to remove the political disabilities
of' certain persons therein named ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
thomas bukke.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 2672) for the relief of Thomas
Burke, of Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
sale op lands at vincennes, indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced abill (H. R. No.
2673) authorizing the sale of certain lands at
Vmcennes, Indiana; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
eights of citizens in tiie several statls
Mr. ELY introduced abill (H. R. No. 2674)
to amend an act entitled "An act to enforce
the rights of citizens of the United States in
the several States of this Union, and for other
purposes, approved May 31, 1870;" which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
h. r. l0tt.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
26/5) for the removal of political disabilities
of _H. R. Lott, of Carroll parish, Louisiana ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
dr. theodore a. tellkahpf.
Mr. SHANKS, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2676) for the relief of
Dr. Theodore A. 1 ellkampf; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
w. e. hoke and company.
Mr. SLOSS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2677) for the relief of
W. E. Hoke & Co., of Athens, Limestone
county, Alabama; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered, to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. SLOSS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced abill (H. R. No. 2678) to remove
the legal and political disabilities of Robert
M. Patton, of Lauderdale county, Alabama ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2679) to relieve cer-
tain persons therein named from the disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
a. g. tebault.
Mr. PLATT also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2680) for the
relief of A. G. Tebault, of Princess Anne
county, Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
norfolk navl'-yard.
Mr. PLATT also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2681) to regulate
the pay of mechanics, laborers, and artisans
at the Norfolk navy-yard ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
storm signals.
Mr. PLATT also, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the General
Assembly of Virginia, asking the establish-
ment of storm signals at Cape Hatteras and
other points on the coast of Virginia and
North Carolina; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
establishment of post routes.
Mr. FARNSYV ORTII. T ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table the
post route bill, with Senate amendments, for
the purpose of asking the House to concur in
the same.
The SPEAKER. The annual post route
bill comes back from the Senate with divers
amendments, merely establishing other post
routes. There is no new legislation. 'The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farksworth]
asks that the bill be taken from the Speaker's
table, and that the Senate amendments be
concurred in.
_ There was no objection; and the bill (H. R.
No. 1666) to establish certain post routes,
with Senate amendments, was taken from the
speaker's table, and the amendments of the
Senate were concurred in.
the tariff.
Mr. DAWFS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in the consideration in Committee
of the Whole of House bill No. 2322, being a bill to
reduce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, whenever the several
subjects of iron, steel, copper, wool and woolens
and manufactures of cotton, shall be reached so'
much of the said bill as relates to such subjects, re-
spectively, shall be considered as one paragraph so
far thatan amendment in the natureof a substitute
for each of the said subjects shall be in order.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a moment. If gentlemen will turn
to the tariff bill they will see that it is printed
in paragraphs, and it is the same with refer-
ence to steel, copper, wool and woolens, and
manufactures of cotton.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
wish to interfere with the discussion of this
subject, but if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is permitted to go on, I reserve the right
also to speak on the subject of his resolution.
The SPEAKER. This all proceeds by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. I only want a single minute
for explanation. I do not wish to discuss the
merits of anything. I was about to say that
as the bill is printed in paragraphs, it would
not be in order to offer a substitute to anything
but, a single paragraph, which is only a single
branch of a particular subject.
Now. I state very frankly to the House that
I am desirous of offering a substitute for a
whole subject, and that is the subject of wool
and woolens, and also for the paragraphs em-
bracing the subject of iron ana the subject of
steel. The proposition I propose provides, for
that end, that it shall be in order to offer a
substitute for any particular subject. Pending
that subject, every other amendment that is
ever in order would be in order, and have to
be considered before the substitute itself is
acted upon. The substitute would also be
amendable. My resolution does not curtail
the right of any member to offer amendments
to the bill. It only authorizes the offering of
a substitute for any particular subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask my colleague if it would not be as well
to extend this rule to other separate subjects,
hemp and its manufactures, for instance?
Mr. DAWES. All the rest of the subjects
but these are in one paragraph.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the effect of this proposition will be that the
House may, if it chooses, by a majority em-
brace the different manufactures of iron, cot-
ton, wool, and other articles in one paragraph,
so as to make it harmonious. It does not cut
off any amendment to the text of the bill.
Mr. COX. I have objected to this propo-
sition, and if there is any good reason pre-
sented for its adoption I will withdraw that
objection; but I do not understand that we
shall save any time by it. The gentleman
must know, being a member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that in regard to the
matter of iron there is just as much diversity
of opinion in relation to the duties upon every
kind of iron, and to the different branches of
the iron trade, as there is between cotton and
iron itself, and what we want is to pursue the
old method and have full debate upon iron,
woolen, and cotton. If we do not do that,
the result will be that when we have disposed
of the iron clauses, or the woolen clauses,
gentlemen, by log-rolling, will be able to
make a certain compromise which will be sat-
isfactory to nobody. That is my objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see that anybody
with any views be may have touching any par-
ticular item of this bill will be curtailed in
presenting them to the House, and ifhe has a
majority with him, in retaining his views in the
bill or in putting them in it. My idea is that
I think that in reference to the general sub-
ject of reduction the different rates of reduc-
tion, ten, fifteen, or more per cent, should be
made, and the only purpose in the world of
this resolution is to make that idea in order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I am sorry that the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means did not think of this
at an earlier period ; but the practical effect
of his movement is to so place the bill which,
in my judgment, does not half enough reduce
the tariff, and provides for an enormous sur-
Elus of revenue, as to enable him when we
ave run the whole circuit of iron or wool to
make a lumping motion to reduce them all
twenty cents per annum. If two thirds be
satisfied with that sort of reduction, of course
there will be a two-third vote to suspend the
rules, and if not, as I trust there will not be,
there will be no such motion.
Mr. BURCHARD. This _ resolution does,
not interfere with the consideration of the
bill by paragraphs; it simply proposes to
give the right to offer a substitute for all the
