3 U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Kellogg.
42d Goxg....2dSess.
he constantly increasing. The monthly state-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury just
laid upon our tables for May 1, 1872, shows
ihe reduction of the debt last month to be
$12,588,088 62, or at the rate of $150,000,000
a yeac. This Administration is er,tilled to
the thanks and the confidence of the country
for its,admirable management of the finances,
and for its rapid reduction of the debt, lthas
proved the ability of the country to pay off the
debt, and established its credit as upon, a rock
at home and abroad. The work of redaction
should go on, but with,much less rapidity.
And we have cosne to this pass, that the
Departments and the President, and every-
body having anything to do with the manage-
ment of the finances.of this country, all rec-
ommend a reduction of taxation. The Pres-
ident said in his message of December last:
" I recommend that ail tax as from internal sources
be abolished except those collected from spirituous,
vinous, and malt liquors, tobacco in its various
forms, and from stamps."
I believe we can make a larger reduction
than that, and that some of the stamp duties,
at least the smaller ones, ean now be repealed.
It was a wise recommendation, one that should
have been acted upon by Congress before this
lime. There are internal, revenue taxes that
will necessitate keeping up a force of assess-,
ors, collectors, and tax-gatherers all over the
land j and if these taxes had been abolished
three months ag we could have saved from
one to three million dollars iu the appropria-
tion bills we have already passed. t It has cost
from six to eight million dollars annually to
collect, our internal revenue taxes. For the
year ending June 30, 1870, it cost between
seven and eight million dollars; last year it
cost over six millions to collect our internal
revenue taxes; and we have appropriated
already for the year ending June 30, 1873,
nearly .five million dollars for that purpose:
and' it will cost all that if we keep up the
present system. If we repeal it here and now,
with the exceptions named by the President,
we can save a large portion of this sum to the
public Treasury.
I know there has been a large reduction of
taxation, but not so large a reduction as
there aught to have been of internal revenue
taxes, it is now seven years since the close
of the war. At the close of the war, or in
the year following the war, I believe the
largest amount of revenue was collected ever
collected in any one year, and that was
$310,000,000. Last year we collected about
cue hundred and forty-four millions Irom all
sources, or nearly one half as much as we col-
lected \vi th theheaviest taxes upon our mauufac-
tur<-s that we ever had during or since the war.
Connecticut that year next after the war
paid over niue million five hundred thousand
dollars of taxes, more than the States of
Indiana, Iowa, and Wisconsin combined ; and
duriug the last year Connecticut has paid less
than one and a half millions, showing the
great reduction of taxation already. Yet she
did not pay all those immense war taxes
upon her manufactures; the consumers paid
them, just as the consumer of whisky from
Illinois or Kentucky pays the tax on that
article. Yet the gentleman from Illinois,
[Xlr. McNejjly,] a day or two ago, and also
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
have charged upon this floor that their States
paid more than their share of the taxes,
because the whisky is made there. Now, I
say that unless they drink more in proportion
than the ppople of other States they pay no
juoie tax than others do. I apprehend that
none of us will claim that our States are
sntirely exempt from that sort of taxation.
I taid that we have not reduced taxes as
rapidly as we should have done. There was
a system of internal revenue taxation at the
close of the war of 1812, and in the year after
the war I belieye $10,000,000 was raised by,
internal and direct taxes. I read from the last
report of the Secretary of the Treasury tables
that will be found on page 14, by which
it appears that in five years from the close
of, that war they reduced those taxes from
$10,000,000 to less than $100,000, or less than
qne per cent, of the amount that tiiey collected
in the year after the close of the war.
A;iid still we are collecting almost half as
much from our internal revenue system as we
did during the highest taxation of the war.
I say we ought to have reduced our internal
taxation faster. We ought to have followed
the President's recommendation sooner. We
ought to have wiped out the income tax long
ago. I have fought against this lax, as my
friends all know, from the beginning of
last Congress, when it ought to have been
suffered to expire. I have opposed it in sea-
son and out of season, whenever I could, see
a chance for its repeal, and I cannot well re-
frain from givinsr it a parting kick now, since
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has
championed the continuance of this tax. He
says that he has "changed front" upon this
income tax. 1 know he has, aud to him we
are indebted for the conttnuauce of this tax
another year. The tax of this year would have
been repealed if he had not "changed front"
and voted for its continuance in the corcmittee.
We.failed by his vote to repeal it. Now, what
is the continuance of this tax worth to the
Treasury ? It takes nearly a year to collect it.
It cannot be fi\Uy collected ki two months, or
four months, or six months. As the records of
the Treasury Department show, the collection
of the income tax runs through nearly the re-
mainder of the year. In order to collect this
tax you must keep up, for nearly a year to
come, your army of collectors and deputy col-
lectors. Aud I say that the collection of this
ta£ will cost the Government two or three
millions more for a year to come than it would
if we had repealed the tax three months ago.
What reason does the gentleman from Ken-
tucky give for the continuance of this tax? I
call the attention of the House to the reason
he has given; and I 4m sorry he is not in his
seat—be was there a momeut ago. What
reason does he give for the reenactment of this
tix? ".Why," says he, "three States pay two
thirds of it: Massachusetts, New York, and
Pennsylvania pay aboot twelve million dollars
out of the $18,000,000." Here is his language:
"Outof the $18,000,000 of revenue collected,last
year from incomes—
Massachusetts paid $1,011,80S 92
New York paid  7,182.918 60
Pennsylvania paid  2,8«7,017 11
or about two-thirds of the whole."
And he might have added that Connecticut
with her four Representatives pays more than
Kentucky with her nine. Is that a reason
for continuing the tax? Is that broad and
generous statesmanship in legislating for the
taxation of the people of this country?
But the gentleman did not go far enough
with his figures; I will give him some more
from a table furnished from the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau. Up to the close of the last fiscal
year, June 30, 1871, out of the tax of two and
a half per cent, payable in May previous, there
had been collected in nine States and Territo-
ries not a dollar; iu six more there had been
collected an average of less than twenty-five
hundred dollars each ; in four more, less than
thirty, thousand dollars in all; in four more
States only $50,655 58 was collected ; in five
more $125,340, making in twenty-eight States
and Territories $219,417 of income tax col-
lected up to that lime. I say that instead of
the income tax being continued, there ought
to be an amendment to this bill repealing it
now, and suspending its collection, thus getting
rid, as far as wc ean, of the existing army of
internal revenue officers. It is true that much
less than one half the tax bad been collected,
but it was payable in the May previous ; and
this-proves my assertiwn that the collection of
this; tax makes It necessary to k'-ep in the
large force of internal revenue officers for the
remainder of the year.
What have you gained by the continuance
of the income tax since 1870, when it ought to
have terminated? You have kept it in exist-
ence, so that it has been declared to be uncon-
stitutional so far as regards the salaries of cer-
tain judicial and other officers ; and they are
now coming to the Treasury and drawing back
all they had ever paid the Government during
all the previous years of the existence of this
tax.
I have a word or two more to say in regard
to the expense of collecting all the internal
revenue taxes. The distinguished gentleman
from- Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] both mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means,
have asserted that it costs more to collect our
customs or tariff duties than it does to collect
the iuternal revenue taxes. I deny the state-
ment ; it is not a fact. 1 have taken from the
Fifth Auditor's report a statement of the
amount of taxes collected, with the expense
of assessing and collecting these taxes.
In Arizona lastyear the expense of assessing
and collecting was a little over nine thousand
dollars, while the whole amount of collec-
tion was $10,891 21, It cost iu the Territory of
Arizona last year about ninety per cent, of the
amount collected to maintain your collecting
officers. In Dakota the whole amount collected
was $7,911, while the expense of collecting
was over fifty-six hundred dollars, or seventy
per cent. In New Mexico the whole collec-
tion was $25,816 65, and the cost of assessing
and collection $20,563 31, or eighty per cent.
But I will take the States. I will take three
New England States, and let us see whether
this is a cheap system, in the State of Ver-
mont the whole amount collected was $339,657,
while the expense of collecting was $37,292,
or about eleven per cent. In the State of New
Hampshire the expense of assessment and col-
lection was over seven per cent, of the amount
collected. In the State of Maine it was about
nine per cent. In the State of Tennessee—and
lam sorry that my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] who stands up to the mark with
reference to some parts of this internal revenue
system does not do so witti reference to the
income tax—the whole amount collected was
$1,415,714, and the, expense of assessment
and collection $198,697, something over four-
teen per cent.
Mr. - FINKELNBURG-. Do I understand
that the gentleman's remarks apply to the
income tax alone ?
Mr. KKLLOGG. No, sir ; I take all inter-
nal revenue taxes. In the State of North
Carolina the expense of collection was twelve
per cent, of the amount collected. In the
State of Georgia it was nearly fourteen per
cent., including in each case the expense of
o QCAQflm Afif
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Now, I ask the
gentleman from Connecticut whether 
Mr. KELLOGG. I have not time to be
interrupted.
Now. Mr. Chairman, a system which keeps
up an army of officeholders all over the
country, Territories as well as States, where
they are getting from twelve to ninety per cent,
of the whole collection, is one that ought to be
abolished as soon as we can. And these are
no tables of my own; they are taken from
ibe Fifth Auditor's report, contained in the
last repot t of the. Secretary of the Treasury.
A Member. What about cotton?
Mr. KiilLLOGG., "We will se8 about cotton
