£1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8085
, subjects relating to iron, to steel, to wool and
woolens by themselves; to allow such a sub-
f,'- stitute to be pending, so that if upon consider-
ation of those portions of the bill relating to
? this subject by paragraphs the House prefers
i'jto have a general reduction in lieu of the
^•'detailed specific reduction it can so vote. I
; see no objection to it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I suggest to
r,jny colleague on the committee that if by our
5' action in Committee of the Whole we dissat-
- isfy any interest, say, for instance, chains or
screws, that interest will unite with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts in securing a redue-
- tion of ten per cent.
Mr. DAWES. I want to correct one state-
ment which has been made by my colleague
• on the committee, [Mr. Brooks, of New
" York,] who stated that he was sorry I had not
thought of this before. That statement of his
•arises only from a lack of memory; that is
all; for my friend from New York would
not have made the statement if his memory
had served him aright. I do not desire to
= infringe upon the right of any gentleman.
: Gentlemen will say that this proposition re-
quires a two-thirds vote to pass the House,
.but if there be a majority in favor of any such
proposition the very first motion made when
we go into Committee of the Whoie would
effect this very result.
The rule requires that the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole should recognize me
first, and I would have but to make a motion
which, if a majority are in favor of it, would
bring about exactly this result. I do not
desire any such motion as that to be made.
I do not want to make it myself, nor do I
desire anybody else to make it—that is, a
"motion to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill; but I do desire that it shall be in order
for me to submit this motion, and if the
majority want it they can take it; if not they
can vote it down. That is all there is in this
report.
Now, if two thirds of the House are not in
favor of making it in order for me to offer this
proposition in committee, no other way will be
left me to-morrow when we again resume the
consideration of the tariff bill in Committee of
the Whole but to move to strike out the enact-
ing clause, and thereby make it in order,
which can be done by a majority vote.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say, in answer to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Dawes, ] that if it is any part
of his policy to treat this bill as he suggested
just before he took his seat, we may as well
understand it nowas at any other time. That
issue may as well come at first, as in broken
doses throughout the discussion upon this gen-
eral bill. It the gentleman wants to turn his
back upon his own bill, and by his own un-
friendly motiou to kill that bill, we may just
as well come to it now as hereafter.
Now, all I want in reference to this bill is
that it shall receive at the hands of this House
fair, reasonable, and usual consideration, in
the ordinary way, under the rules of this
House, in Committee of the Whole. I think
that is right; 1 think that any other mode of
disposing of it would be wrong, unjust to the
committee and unjust to the country.
Now, if the Speaker will indulge me, I want
to make an inquiry of the Chair. I desire to
ask what effect this order will have, if made,
on the right of members of this House, in the
course of the consideration of this bill as it
now stands in Committee of the Whole, to
move amendments to these respective para-
graphs?
The SPEAKER. The question is a proper
one; but before answering it the Chair will
direct the Clerk to again read the resolution
proposed by the gentleman from Massachus-
etts, [Mr. Dawes. J
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That in the consideration in Committee
of tho Whole of House bill No. 2322, being a bill to
reduce duties oil imports and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, whenever the several
subjects of iron, steel, copper, wool and woolens, and
manufactures of cotton, shall be reached, so much
°l ^ l. as relates to such subjects, respectively,
shall be considered as one paragraph, so that an
amendment m the nature of a substitute for each of
the said subjects shall be in order.
__The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerb] is quite well aware that a
substitute is the last thing voted upon; that
all amendments to the original text are in
order before the substitute can be voted upon.
Under the construction which the Chair would
give to this resolution, if adopted, (which con-
struction he presumes would be the same as
that which would be given by the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole,) all amend-
ments to the original text would be in order
before the Committee of the Whole could be
brought to a vote upon a substitute.
Mr. KERR. And those amendments could
be respectively discussed as fully with this
order pending as if it were not pending ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; under the five-
minutes rule.
Mr. KERR. One question more. I desire
now to inquire why it is not precisely as regular
and proper for the gentleman from Masssachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] or any other gentleman
who may see fit to take that course, when these
respective paragraphs may be reached, to
move as a substitute for each such amend-
ment as he may see proper?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hardly
regard that as a parliamentary question. The
question first proposed by the gentleman was
a proper parliamentary question; for this res-
olution, if adopted, would be in the nature of
a rule of the House, which it would be the
duty of the Chair to construe. The other is
rather a question of expediency between the
members of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Would this res-
olution, if adopted, suspend the reading of the
bill by paragraphs for amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would not. Under the
strict enforcement of the proposed rule, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, when the first
paragraph had been read, could move a sub-
titute for the paragraphs embracing that entire
subject; but until that subject had been gone
through with, paragraph by paragraph under
the five-minutes rule, the Committee of the
Whole could not be brought to a vote upon
the substitute.
Mr. BANKS. This proposed rule is differ-
ent from any that has ever been adopted in
the consideration of the tariff, and 1 do not
see that there is any necessity for it whatever.
More than that, we cannot see what its exact
effect would be. These different subjects—
iron, wool, cotton, &c.—embrace a great
variety of different items; and it is not neces-
sary, nor do I think it wise, for us to connect
them all in one single and decisive vote, affirm-
ative or negative. I trust the House will in
the consideration of this bill adhere to the
usage which has heretofore been followed in
reference to other bills of the same character.
Mr. DAWES. We do not propose to re-
quire the House to vote upon the question as
a whole, but only to permit this form of prop-
osition to be in order so that a majority, if
they choose, may adopt it.
Mr. BANKS. We do not want it to be in
order, because we do not want to vote in that
way.
Mr. DAWES. I want it to be in order,
because 1 do want to vote in that way.
Mr. BANKS. I do not see why we should
depart in this case from the ordinary rule.
Mr. COX. I wish to make a parliamentary
inquiiy. This bill contains, for instance, some
seven pages of items with reference to iron.
Now, after we have gone through those seven
pages, and have undeitaken by amendments
to perfect them—after we have made a dozen
or twenty or more amendments, could not the
gentleman from Massachusetts, under this rule,
come in with a substitute proposing to sweep
away all we had done?
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. COX. And would that substitute be
amendable ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. Then we would not save any
time. We only facilitate the bringing in of 4
log-rolling substitute, such a proposition as
has been the very vice of our tariff legislation.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It would simply open
the way for an attempt to make one subject
carry through another.
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts ought to withdraw the proposi-
tion. Certainly two thirds of the House will
not support it.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say one word in
reply to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who has
spoken of my turning upon my bill with un-
friendly motions. I would like to have him
explain to the House whether in any motion
or remark which I have made or suggested in
this House, I have departed from the clear
understanding which was had in the com-
mittee.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
whether my colleague upon the committee
desires me to betray the secrets of the com-
mittee-room. I hope he does not; I have no
desire to do so. But I want to say to him
and to the House that I have no desire to
deceive any one.
Mr. DAWES. Nor have I.
Mr. KERR. But I do not want to go into
that question now, and therefore I prefer not
to answer the inquiry. I will simply say, in
response to it, that in my judgment it would
not be consistent with anything that transpired
in the committee room for the gentleman from
Massachusetts, pending the consideration of
this bill in Committee of the Whole, to move
under any circumstances to strike out the
enacting clause and to substitute any bill of his
own in lieu of our bill. That I think is a fair
answer to my colleague's question, an answer
which I think covers the whole ground.
Mr. DAWES. I understand it would not
only be consistent with everything that trans-
pired in committee but exactly in conformity
with the understanding, in totidem verbis, for
me to avail myself ol any motion under the
rules to offer a substitute for any particular
subject-matter contained in the bill.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to say that- the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has power enough already, more power than
any other member of the House ; and I do
not see why we should by a blind vote give
him. additional power which does not appear
to be necessary and the effect of which we do
not comprehend.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I submit the
proposition to the House, and I shall ask a
vote of the House on it. The course the com-
mittee will take after that will depend on the
vote. 1 do not desire to discuss it any more ;
I only desire of the House the privilege of
offering- a substitute for each of the paragraphs
as they come up.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
54, noe3 65.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 65, nays 121, not voting
64; as follows:
YSAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Bingham,
George il. Brooks, Buffinton, Burchanl, Benjamin
F. Butler. Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Dawes, Don-
nan, DuelJ, Fnrnsworth, Fmkelnburg, Charles Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, iiavens, Hawley,
Hoar, Houper, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport. Lan-
sing, Maynard, McCrary, Merriam. Mom-no, Moore,
Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck. Pendleton,
Perce, Peters, Poland, Prindle, itniney. Ellis H.
Roberts. Itoifers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scotield, Shanks,
Sheldon. John A. Smith. Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, Starkweather, Stoughton, Strong, Turner,
Xwicliell, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, WaUace,
Wheeler, and Willard—63.
