1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3981
The SPEAKER. This is part of the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. DICKEY. The reason why the com-
mittee makes no report is that there was a
decided expression of opinion agairftt this
appropriation now before the House, and when
the conferees on thepartofthe Senate insisted
on their amendment, we were bound to come
back here for farther instructions. I stated
that the Senate conferees insisted on their
amendment, and I was giving some of the
reasons why tbey so insisted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that the views
of the Senate conferees are not a legitimate
argument in this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana now raises a different point. The appro-
priation is legitimately within the limits of
debate, but not the views stated by the Senate
conferees in regard to it.
Mr. DICKEY. I thought it was usual to
state the views of the Senate conferees on
a question of difference, so that the House
might precisely understand the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman must confine himself to stating the
views of the House conferees.
Mr. DICKEY. I was about to state that
the Senate committee presented no new views
on this subject except this: General Blair,
one of the conferees on the part of the
Senate 
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought that the Chair
had ruled that a statement of the views of the
Senate conferees was not a legitimate argu-
ment.
Mr. DICKEY. I am stating the views
which the Senate conferees urged upon us.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that that is within the bounds of legitimate de-
bate, any further than is stated in the report.
The conferees make their report; and what is
in the report may be debated.
Mr. DICKEY. My colleagues on this com-
mittee are very decided in their objections to
the propriety of this appropriation and in per-
fect unison with the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] on that subject. There was no
disposition on their part to yield. For my
own part I confess that my disposition was, in
a military matter, to yield to the views of the
General-in-Chief of the Army, the Secretary
of War, General Sheridan and General Pope.
My colleagues, however, sharing the views of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
showed no disposition to yield.
Mr. HALE, after speaking a few minntes,
obtained leave to print a speech which will be
found in the Appendix.
Mr. DICKEY. I move the previous ques-
tion upon agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference, and when that has been
disposed of, one of my colleagues on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will move that the
House recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate in relation to Port
Leavenworth.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
fort lk.wen worth.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate in relation to Fort
Leavenworth. I took no part in the debate on
this question the other day, and I want to call the
attention of the House briefly to whatseems to
me a strong reason why we ought to recede
from our disagreement to the Senate amend-
ment. Ever since the days of Mr. Floyd's
Secretaryship as the Secretary of War, there
has been a persistent effort to get rid of the
Fort Leavenworth reservation, a reservation
of six thousand acres of land most valuable to
the United States. Secretary Floyd undertook
to sell it, and it was being sold at an under-
valuation, at a small per cent, of its value,
when a patriotic officer of the Army who hap-
pened to have sufficient means, overbid all
others and stopped the sale, and the property
was saved to the Government of the United
States. Not less than six times since I have
been in Congress an attempt has been made
by petitions or by bill or by an amendment to
a bill to sell the Fort Leavenworth reservation.
Now, there is one reason for continuing that
reservation as a depot of supplies and troops
that I believe was not given here in the debate,
and it is this: when you go two hundred and
fifty miles west of Fort Leavenworth you come
upon a region where they cannot grow grain
until you reach the eastern line of California.
You cannot, therefore, buy supplies beyond two
hundred and fifty miles west of Fort Leaven-
worth, and the plains out in that western ter-
ritory are so cold in the winter that it has been
found almost impossible to subsist our troops,
and especially our cavalry horses, during the
winter. The officers of the Army from the
Geueral-iu Chief down to the commanders of
divisions and districts there say it is most ex-
pensive and most unwise to attempt to keep
our troops, and especially our cavalry, actually
out in the field during the winter. The prop-
osition of the War Department is to bring the
cavalry in and house them for the winter at
Fort Leavenworth, to keep their supplies there,
and there maintain them during the winter,
and in the summer to send them out on the
plains to live in tents and without building any
permanent quarters, to protect the frontier
and keep the Indians at bay. And when the
winter comes the cold weather keeps the In-
dians housed also and shut up in their valleys.
This is now the policy of the War Department.
General Meigs, with whom I consulted this
morning, informs me that to transport rations
and forage from Fort Leavenworth westward
eostsfrom$l 25 to $1 75 per hundred pounds
for pach hundred miles they are so transported.
And as the average distance is probably seven
or eight hundred miles over which these sup-
plies must be transported, gentlemen will see
at once how immense must be the cost of
transportation, and a large part of it mtfst be
done in wagons and over the most difficult
roads. It costs eighty-two cents per bushel to
transport corn oue hundred miles over the
territory west of Fort Leavenworth. Now, for
these reasons, and considering the fact that
each horse consumes three hundred pounds
of corn per month during the winter, it be-
comes a matter of economy to make this
appropriation.
Our department commanders and officers of
the Army say that our wisest and most eco-
nomical course is to bring the troops and
horses back to Fort Leavenworth and keep
them there during the winter season. The
Department has stopped constructing per-
manent winter quarters and barracks at the
various posts out on the far frontiers. They no
longer build permanent winter quarters in that
country, only such light buildings as will
answer for the summer, trusting to this general
depot for supplying winter quarters. This
view seems to me to be ■ perfectly just and
reasonable. I think it is in the line of true
economy, f am snre if the House understands
it as it strikes my mind, they will agree with
me and recede from our disagreement to the
Senate amendment, and let Fort Leavenworth
be provided with these permanent quarters
sufficient to accommodate during the winter
the troops and cavalry horses of the service
upon the plains, and then follow it up rigidly
by building no permanent winter quarters at
far distant points.
I call attention, as a part of my remarks, to
a striking passage from a report by General
Pope, in which he sets forth very clearly and
strongly the grounds on which this proposition
is maintained:
" Tha military reservation of Fort Leavenworth
is one of the most valuable and most useful pos-
sessed by tile Government. It embraces about six
thousand acres of good land, a large part of which is
occupied by barracks, store-houses, buildings for
department headquarters, and for farming pur-
poses. It lies on the Missouri river, at a point
where steamers can reaeh It for eigh t or nine months
of the year, is connected by railroad with all points
northeast and south, and from it the Kansas Pacific
railroad extends westward to the Rocky mountains.
For years to come it must be the most suitable place
for the headquarters of a department embracing
the whole region of country as far west as the east-
ern line of California, and as farsouth as the north-
ern boundary of Texas. It is altogether the most
convenient and suitable place for depots of supplies
for troops serving throughout that great region, and
as a depot at which to recruit animals intended for
public use, temporarily disabled by service in the
field. Forage and provisions of nearly every kind
needed for the army are to be had there at the least
cost; and it is now used, and I presume will con-
tinue to be used on a constantly increasing scale for
wintering cavalry employed during the summer in
the field north of the Arkansas river. To part with
any part of the reservation would be to give up by
far the cheapest and best possession for the military
service of the Government to be had in all this
country. So far from selling any part of it, it would
clearly be for the interest of the Government to
appropriate every year, for some years to come, a
considerable sum oi money to enlarge and increase
the accommodations for troops and the storage of
military supplies.
" The post ought to hold ten companies of cavalry ;
that is, there are barracks and quarters for that
force, with its officers, but two of the buildfffgs
erected for barracks are now used for department
and post offices, and the quarters for officers belong-
ing to the troops which should occupy them are now
occupied by officers belonging to the department
staff. The removal of headquarters to this place,
before any suitable buildings were provided, and
without any arrangement for providing them, has
rendered this occupation of unsuitable buildings
for department purposes necessary, but I hope and
earnestly urge that a suitable amount be applied
(say §300,000) to put up as soon as possible suitable
offices for department headquarters, and quarters
for officers attached to department headquarters
and the depots. When this is done, which ought to
be done without delay, all the unsuitable buildings
and quarters now used could be surrendered to
troops, which could be wintered here, and could
perform their duties on the plains in the summer,
at far less expense, and with equal efficiency as
now. I recommend, therefore, in view of at! the
public interests involved and to be promoted there-
by, that a special appropriation of the amount
above named be asked from Congress at its coming
session to build suitable offices and officers' quarters
for the headquarters department of the Missouri,
such appropriation to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, and upon plans and
estimates approved by him."
If any gentleman desires to make any further
remarks upon this proposition, I will yield for
a few minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say a few words.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Cobcjmj,] the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COBURN. I have no disposition at
all to antagonize the Commander-in-Chief or
other officers of the Army in relation to this
matter. But, as I said before when discus-
sing this matter, it is so purely one of common
sense, and not a mere military matter, that tho
most ordinary business man can calculate about
it as well as any officer of the Army.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
has argued this matter, and it has been dis-
cussed all along as if it involved the construc-
tion of buildings, quarters, and stables foi
all the cavalry force of the United States.
Why, sir, what is the practical poult of this
question? I want right here and now to have
members turn their attention for one moment
to what is the practical point in this question.
Does it involve the stationing at Fort Leaven-
worth of all the cavalry of the Army, and
is it contemplated to construct buildings and
quarters for all that cavalry for the six regi-
ments? Nothing of the sort. What is the
proposition? It is in fact to build quarters
for only two more companies. Now, all this
expense is for what ? To build quarters that
will accommodate two companies of cavalry.
We have quarters there suffieient to accom-
modate ten companies already. And this ex-
penditure is not intended for any such pur-
pose, but to build palatial quarters for officers
at headquarters and other officers, who occupy
more room bow than they ought to.
