1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
mendation as they may deem expedient; that said
committee be authorized for that purpose r,o omplov
a' clerk and stenographer, to send for persons and
papers, to take testimony under oath, to hold their
sessions in this city or elsewhere, as they may deem
necessary, the expenses ot said committee to be paid
out of the contingent fund of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to supend the rules
and pass the resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
90, noes 46.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 144, nayso8, not voting
37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Archer, Averill,
Barber, Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Bingham, Austin
Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buflinton, Buroh •
ard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Wil-
liam T. Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Comtngo, Conger,
Conner, Cotton, Cox, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Don-
nan. Dueli, Bunnell, Barnes, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Finkclnburg.CharlesPoster, WilderG. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Getz, Goodrich, OriCLitli, Haldeman, Hale,
Halsey, Iiancock, Hank'?, Harper. George E. Harris,
Havens, llawley, Hay, Gerry W.Hazleton, John W.
Hazl^ton.Hoar.Holmnn, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley,
Kellogg, Keteham, Killinger, Kinseila, Lamport,
Lansing, Leach, Lowe. Lynch, Manson, Marshall,
Mavriard, McCieiland,McCrary,McGrew,McJunkin,
McKee, Mercur, Merriam,Merrick, Monroe, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Poland, Porter, Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, Edward Y. Kico, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, William 11. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scoficld, Seeley. Sessions*
Shanks, Shellabaiger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, J ohn A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton,
Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Sypher, Washington
Townseiul, Turner, Tuthill, Tyner, Upson,Vaughan,
Voorhees, Wakeman. Waiden, Waldron. Wallace,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M, Wilson, and .John T. Wilson—144.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Car-
roll, Crebs, Catcher.Crossland, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Forker, Garrett, Golladay,
Hambleton, Handlev, John T. Harris. Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Kerr, King, Lamison, Lewis, Mc-
Cormiek, McHenry, Melntyre, McNeely, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblaek. Ilosea W. Parker, Pot-
ter, Price. Read, John M. Rice, Sherwood, Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, Swann. Terry, Van Trump, Waddell,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williamsof New York,
Winchester, and Wood—58.
NOT VOTiNG — Messrs. Adams, Banks, Bell,
Beveridge. Bigb>, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Creely, De Laigc, Edwards,
Elliott. Henry I). Fosicr, Harmer, Hays, Il\ll, Ken-
dall, MoKinney, Mitchell. Moore, Morey, Morphis,
Leonard MyeiN Aaron F. Peiry, Eli Perry, Piatt,
Robinson, Sheldon. Shohor, Snapp, St. John. Tafte,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Twicholl, Walls, and
Young—37.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion adopted.
DUTIES ON RICE.
Mr. SEELEY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the remonstrance of Dan 'Palmare's Sons
against the repeal or reduction ot dujies on
rice ; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and oidered to be printed,
and also ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The paper is as follows :
New York, January, 1872.
To the Honorable the, Senate and House of Represent-
ative* oj the United States in Congress assembled:
As your honorable body will, in consideration of the
tariff of duties, have presented memorials praying
for the repeal or re luetion, and also for the reten-
tion of existing duties on rice, we, in favor of the
latter (hold off) policy, desire to setbefore you briefly
and yot fully the culture as it was in the past; the
causes prostrating it.; the difficulties attending its
resuscitation, on which account the present duties
are asked to bo maintained for a few years; the ad-
vances made since the close of the war; the conse-
quences attending repeal or reduction ; the advantage
given by retention ot the duties.
The lands constituting the rice-growing region, and
which produce the largest quantity and finest quality
of grain, were originally swamps, redeemed from
the streams that intersected and overflowed them
by heavy embankments. These low lands are espe-
cially adapted for the culture of rice on account of
the liberal supply of water which is required for the
purpose of flooding during the various stages of
growth. Thus a large area of territory, worthless m
original value and unavailablefor the culture of any
ether product, is made of practical use and benefit.
Previous to the war the yield was abouo two
hundred thousand casks, (net weight, six hundred
pounds each,) the quantity "increasing steadily,
yielding wealth to the section and of value to the
whole country, furnishing a food different in char-
acter, more nutritious, andoftcn cheaper than flour.
The growth was not only equal to the demands of
the United States, butcach year yielded large sur-
plus for export abroad, to Europe, West Indies, and
South America; thusexac ingcontributions toward
our national wealth.
In quality it ranked far above the products of
other rice-growing countries, the grain*large and of
peculiar tenacity, susceptible of such high polish
that after milling its appearance was pearly and
transparent. As a proof of its high grade, we note
thatat the World's Fair, London, 1851, m competi-
tion and contrast with that produced in other coun-
tries, it was pronounced " the finest in the world.1'
At this time its cost was so chcap as to enable it to
compete with foreign kinds, and, shutting such out,
to supply in full the trade in this country.
This interest, so strong in the yeais preceding the
war, is now impaired, and the product so materially
lessened as to demand explanation why, while many
of the products of the South have very nearly, if not j
fully, held their own, as is shown by the corapari- j
son? of present annual growths with periods before
the war, this one has not; the production last year
being only about one thiid former average crop. By
investigation it will be found that of all products of
the South which are now equal (or nearly so) to their
former proportions, the cultivation was in the main
in the interior, far removed from military opera-
tions, and the evils which accompany such to indus-
trial interests, or tha-t tho excessive high prices inci-
dent to war times stimulated the growth. We might
cite as an example cotton, the annual production
of which now excecds that of years previous to the
war. The general growth was as above staled; the
Sea Island was also in a measure kept up by parties
following either army in occupation. The stimulus
of war priccs, the great value that could be com-
pressed into small space, rendered cultivation prac-
ticable and exceedingly remunerative. Thus the
lands wero under cultivation, and, as it might be
termed, the original capital kept intact.
The rise interest has, on the contrary, suffered to
the fullest extent all the disastrous and damaging
efleets that could result from war; situated along
the coast, the active military operations m that quar-
ter causing demoralization of labor and an almost
entire abandonment of culture. To forma correct
idea of the effects of neglect, we recall attention to
the lands on which tho product is raided most suc-
cessfully, and which, to keep m repair, requires con-
stant watchfulness and labor. In the absence ot
these, destruction speedily ensued, the natural ele-
ments regained their ascendency, the land, for the
most part, relapsed inlo its normal condition of a
worthless marsh overgrown with weeds, embank-
ments broken down by freshets and rapid currents,
the surface of the land was overflowed by every tide,
canal and drains filled up, trunks destroyed, and the
fertilo swamp became a barren waste.
At the close of tho war the interest seemed so seri-
ously impaired, that, by many, it wa3 deemed im-
practicable to attempt its revival; but on consid-
eration of the fact that the lands (as previously
stated) were especially adapted to the cultivation of
rico, and stimulated by tho existing duties on for-
eign, reconstruction was resolved on. TheoondiUon
of the section at this time was truly discouraging:
the planter with impoverished purse; the planta-
tions almost worthless marshes; the buildings and
equipments destroyed; the labor unsettled. _
The labor question wastmoof the most vexing, the
abandonment of the culture in the rice region caus-
ing the best hands, those independent in character/
and steady in habit, to seek for a livelihood other
channels of employment. With the resumption of
culture the difficulty of obtaiMng labor was great.
The principal class of those that had at first to be
employed were lazy and shiftless. Elevated into a
new sphere, that of freedom, where self-action is tho
requisite, unlike their fellows, as above alluded to,
thuy misapprehended thesituation, and were willing
dependents on the bounty which the Government
provided, only seeking labor as tree support was de-
nied. Contracts made on their pai t were broken as
simple fancy dictated. Such rendered an attempt at
cultivation extremely hazardous, as theshghtcstpre-
text would often cause a whole force to leave a plant-
ation at a time when tho crops were at a precarious
point in culture, requiring the most careful attention.
The question of labor, however, is happily solving
itself. As a class, those that wero worst, appreciat-
ing the fact that freedom brings with its blessings
cares and responsibilities, are returning to then-
accustomed habits and occupations, yielding for the
remuneration given honest, steady work. In this
particular the luture is assured, as with increasing
product will come better pecuniary ability on part
of tho producer to command all requisite labor. ^
Thcplantations are beingfast reclaimed (practical
advance set forth hcreinalU-r.) each year more terri-
tory being subdued. The great expense attendant
ou such ib nearly equal to that of redeeming per-
fectly wild lands. Not only does each year bring
forth its increase in quantity, but also marked ad-
vances are being made in quality, the better grade
having already reached the highest standard made
before tho war,far ahead of any grown mother parts
The pecuniary condition of the planter is also
improved, not so materially m personal as in real
estate, the accumulations being yearly expended, as
the rule, in further reclaiming the unproductive
WTheSpractical advances made since the war are
shown by the result of the growth of the three rice-
growing States of Georgia, North Carolina, and
South Carolina, as milled at Savannah, Charleston,
and Georgetown:
Cnsh-i.
18G6      :12,500
1867   ,...24,337
1868....*.   30,795
186 9 .• 60.146
187 0 67,735
The crop of this year not being milled, no accurate
statement sau be given. The milled product, as
above given, by comparison shows the rapid advance
made in the cultivation, and presents the best plea
that could be invoked in favor of a continuance of
the past policy toward it for a few years longer.
By retention of duties a twofold object is effected.
Laid during the war for the purpose of revenue to
the Government* by reason of our domestic culture
being still limited, and unable to supply full de-
mand, they still yield a large fund to the Treasury.
As an evidence of their non-interference with the
consumption, we state that the United States absorbs
all of the domestic product, and more foreign than
was retained of the domestic previous to the war.
Second, the stimulus and aid afforded to tho culture
in this country will soon reestablish it in all its
original dimension. Tho many per cent, increase
witbm the past live years, taken as a basis, allow
tho fair deduction to be made that, barring unpre-
cedented disasters in gales and floods, five years
hence will see the annual product exceeding that
grown before the war.
By repeal or reduction now a great industrial in-
terest of the country will be blotted out, Its present
difficulties rondcring it incapableof caringfor itself,
and the feitilc region become a barren waste; the
vast amount of money and labor spent, during the
last five years to reclaim the land and reestablish the
culture, gone for nought; tho producer, led by tho
liberal policy heretofore exhibited toward weak or
impaired industries to expend each year his surplus
iu subduing larger area for cultivation, reduced to
poverty; the laborer in the product diiven from
the section and field in whicb hy experience ho
can work to the best advantage, into other chaunels
where will be found those better adapted, thus com-
pelling him to serve at a discount or possibly become
a helpless dependent to be supported at the public
exponse.
Inclosing we beg to submit a summary of the ques-
tion, i. e :
Its past demonstrated capacity to supply home
and leave large surplus for foreign inarkeK
Its ruin was not tho result of natural cauaos, but
those incident to disastrous war.
its reconstruction has been thus far extraordinary,
considering disadvantageous surroun'dmgs.
It complete reestahlishnient, as a great national
product is assured if the liberal policy of the'past be
continued a few years longer.
Trusting a favorable consideration, respectfully,
DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
AMNESTY.
Mr. ACKER. I ask unanimous consent, to
introduce a bill to remove legal and political
disabilities and to grant general'amuesty.
The SPEAKER. What docs the gentleman
propose?
Mr. ACKER. I propose to put the bill upon
its passage, and I ask that it be read. If neces-
sary, I shall move to suspend the rules.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the President of tfcpe United States in his
late annual message, thinks "it may woll be con-
sidered whether it is not now time that the disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment should
be removed:" and whereas in a republic of freemen
perfect equality of rights ought to exist between the
citizens thereof to the end that peace and good will
xnnv prevail throughout its borders: Therolore,
Be it enacted hp the Senate and House of Representa-
tives oj the United States of Amcrica in Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of cach House concurring therein.)
That from and after the passage of this act, alllegal
and political disabilities imposed by any articlc or
section of the Constitution of the United States, or
its laws, tho same be. and are hereby, removed, aaid
a general amnesty is hereby granted to any and all
political offendersin any section of the United btates
who shall obey the Constitution of the United States,
and the laws passed in pursuance therewith.
Mr. ACKER. T move to suspend the rules
and pass tho bill.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to vote for that
bill, but I would suggest 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, is this
debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to debate it,
but I desire to say  - *
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. The gentleman does not
want to debate it, but to interject something.
Mr. DAWES. I want .to call attention to
the phraseology of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] objects to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to a hi'l
