1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
Which is the only place where this rule states
that an appeal shall be decided without debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask of the Chair if under
that rule, as the Chair has read it, the Chair
decides that the merits of the question are
open to discussion upon an appeal?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
cides that Senators have always been so jeal-
ous of their own rights when presided over by
a person not elected by them, but elected by
the people to preside over them, that they
have never yet, within his knowledge, con-
sented to make a rule or usage which allowed
their Presiding Officer to rule out their lan-
guage as not relevant to the question that was
pending. Senators must judge for themselves
as to the pertinency of their remarks to the
case in hand.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the history of the
Senate, from the day of its organization until
now, will furnish no precedent where the merits
of a case have been discussed upon an appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
correct the recollection of the Senator from
Maine. On an appeal from a decision by the
President tempore, the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] at this very session,
that the Senator from Massachusetts had tht:
right to move his supplementary civil rights
bill as an amendment to the amnesty bill, that
appeal was-debated for two days. The Vice
President was absent when the decision was
made by the then Presiding Officer of the
Senate elected by the Senate, but he read that
debate afterward, and he found that full five
sixths, if not nine tenths of it, related to the
meiits of the question, and not to the particu-
lar parliamentary point involved in the appeal.
Mr. IIAMLIN. The Chair will pardon me.
That was upon a question debatable ; this is
not. This is a motion not debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This appeal is debatable.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask a
question. I am seeking for information under
these rules. Suppose a question has been
under debate until six o'clock in the evening,
and some one gets the floor and moves to ad-
journ. I get up and raise the point of order
t hat a motion to adjourn is not in order at that
time. The Chair rules that it is, and I appeal
from the decision of the Chair. Can we then
continue to discuss the merits on the appeal?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly pot.
The Senator from Wisconsin, who has presided
often at the request of the Chair, and so ac-
ceptably to the Senate, knows very well that
that has been ruled over and over again. The
Presiding Officer refuses to entertain an appeal
when a motion to adjourn is made because the
majority of a body must always have the right
to terminate its session when they please, and
that has been so frequently decided that no
Presiding Officer would think of entertaining
an appeal, except with the expectation of
receiving a vote of censure the next day for
entertaining it, pending a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Shall I proceed?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the lloor.
Mr. SUMNER. When interrupted I was
about observing that there was one other
verbal amendment to be made, and that was
to strike outtheword "known"—"theknown
attorney of Messrs. Remington & Sons," and
insert that he was " in fact the neighbor and
attorney of Messrs. Remington & Sons," so
that the clause would not say that the fact
appeared from the previous communications.
With those two emendations I present the
preamble as substantially unimpeached in all
particulars.
The first clause sets forth the recent cable
telegram of the resolution adopted by the arms
committee of the French National Assem-
bly, copied from the daily papers of Febru-
ary 10. Its authenticity has not been called
in question. This shows that the French
National Assembly is now, or has recently
been, engaged in considering the sale of arms
by our Government to their own agents, and
it further shows that American officials are
suspected.
The second clause sets forth a telegram from
Squire, in which he says, " We have the strong-
est influences working for ua." Has any one
denied that the telegram exists? I have an
authentic copy of it. No one can deny it ;
and I put it to the Senate'and to the American
people whether that alone does not justify
inquiry. How can it be otherwise? Hero
is a direct statement that the " strongest
influences" are working for them.
The next clause sets forth a letter from Mr.
Remington, dated at New York, December
13, 1870, in which he declares again and again
his relations with the Government of the Uni-
ted States. No one has called in question the
authenticity of that letter, and indeed it is
referred to by the Secretary of War in his com-
munication.
Then you have the communication of the
Secretary of War. Then in the next clause
the allegation that the United States Govern-
ment sold to one Thomas Ilichardson, in fact
the neighbor and attorney of Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons, when the bids of the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were
the agents of the French Government. Does
anyone doubt that fact? If there is any Senator
who can call it in question I will give way that
he may do so. [Here Mr. Sumxer paused.]
It cannot be called in question. Richard-
son was in fact the neighbor and attorney of
Remington.
Then comes the clause setting forth thatcom-
parison of the accounts rendered by the French
Government for moneys expended by its agents
in the purchase of arms from the United States
and the accounts rendered by the Government
of the United States for moneys received in
the same transaction show a large difference,
which seeing to have given rise to the suspi-
cion abroad that United States officials have
taken an undue part therein. Is not that sub-
stantially correct? Has it not been shown
on this floor? Is there not such discrepancy
between the accounts of France and of the
United States, and has it not given rise to
suspicion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make one more
attempt 
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not be very long.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio rises to a question of order. He
will state it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to know whether
it is in order for the Senator from Massachu-
setts to proceed to discuss the merits of this
resolution. I make the question to the Vice
President, and do not leave it to him to make
the question of order. I make the point that
debate is not in order upon the appeal that
has been taken. Let us understand whether
a motion to lay on the table is debatable?
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
must be decided without debate, and the Chair
must decide it.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 desire to say 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have a decision
on the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to make
a remark. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator from
Massachusetts will be allowed to speak just
what he pleases and just as long as he pleases,
and then that we shall have the right to reply
to him. I trust there will be no interruption
of his remarks. I want the fullest investiga-
tion here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio makes the point of order that the Senator
from Massachusetts is not debating the merits
of the appeal, but is debating the preamble,
and the Chair decides that by the usage of the
Senate he cannot restrain a Senator in remarks
which are, in the opinion of the Senator him-
self, pertinent to the issue before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I thank the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then a motion to lay on
the table is not in order hereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not take the sense
of the Senate upon it?
Mr. SUMNER. I was observing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that it will
relieve him very much from embarrassment
if he will take the sense of the Senate on this
subject. If they decide otherwise, the Chair
will be perfectly willing to adhere to the strict
rule of the Senate and confine every Senator
to the pending question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take an appeal
from the decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will understand, if the Senate reverses the
decision, that debate is to be confined strictly
to the motion before the body.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
must be decided without debate.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to appeal to my
colleague not to have such a question as that
decided without debate. I can show precedent
after precedent, one where I mad'e the ques-
tion myself, and where the Senate by its vote
sustained the ruling of the Chair that the Chair
cannot stop a Senator on the ground that his
remarks are irrelevant to the question. That
is a question that ought to be debated, if we
are to have such a point as that made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio appeals, as the Chair understands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the decision is
wrong, and I will take an appeal. I am not
inclined to say a word about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators, you
have heard the decision of the Chair. He
has stated it with sufficient clearness, so that
every Senator understands the usage which
compels him to make this decision. From
this decision the Senator from Ohio appeals,
and the question is, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us have the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have it distinctly
understood what we are to vote upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated it twice, he thinks, with distinctness.
Mr. THURMAN. The Chair decides that
because 
Mr. OONKLING. Is this debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I call the Senator
from Ohio to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York calls the Senator from Ohio to
order.
Mr. THURMAN. I have a right to know
the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question again, if no Senator objects,
lie does not desire to detain the Senate by
restating it. The Chair decides that by the
usage of the Senate, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts being entitled to the floor on an
appeal, the Chair cannot restrain him by his
own opinions as to the pertinency of his
remarks to the question before the Senate ;
that by the usage of the Senate the Senator
himself is to be the judge of their relevancy
to the question. An appeal is taken from
that decision. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Shehmax,] stating that he believes it to be a
wrong decision, appeals, and the Chair will
state that if the decision is reversed, he will
with great pleasure execute what will then be
the declared will of the Senate. rJ he ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chairstand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am paired
with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. BijAIk.]
