3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6
NATS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Bentty, Beck, Bell. Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair,
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks. Buckley, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Freeman
Clarke, Coiningo, Conner. Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Creely,
Crilclier, Crocker, Crossland. .Davis, Box, Duke,
Bunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Farwell,
Wilder D. Foster. Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Halde-
man, Halsey, Hancock, Handles', Hanks. Harper,
.John T. Harris, llaj, Hays, Gerry W. Hazclton,
John W. Hazelton, Hereford. Herndon, Hibbard,
Holman, Houghton, Kelley, Kerr, Killinger King,
Lamison, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, Mc-
Grew, McTIenry, Mclrtyre, McJunkm, McKinney,
McNeeW, Mcrcur. Merrick. Benjamin P. Meyers,
Morgan, Morpbis, Leonard Myers. Negley, Niblack,
Packard, Packer, tlosea W. Parker, Plan, Price,
Head, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice. WiKiarn R.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sessions,
Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, Snapp, Xliomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stowell,
St. John, Suiherland, Swann, Terry, Washington
Townsend, Tuthill. Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Yoorhees, Walls, Whiteley. Whitthorne, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Barry,
Beveridge, Bigby, Jaine? G. Blair, Boles, Carroll,
William T. Clark. Cobb, Barrall. DeLarge, Dickey,
DuBose, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Ham-
bleton, flarmer. George E. Harris, Hill, Kendall,
Kinsella, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Mc-
Kee, Mitchell, Morey, Aaron F. Perry. Eli Perry,
Porter, Potter, Randall. Ritchie. Rusk, Shella-
barger, Shober, Shoemakei. R. Milton Speci, Sto-
vens, Stevenson, Storm. Sypher. Ta£fe, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Waddell. Waldron. Warren,
Wells, and Williams of New York—54.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the rales were not suspended.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT FALL RIVER.
Mr. TYNER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of reporting from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds and
passing a bill (II. K. No. 2682) authorizing
the construction of a public building at Pall
River, in the State of Massachusetts.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase at private sale, or by condemnation in
pursuance of the statute of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, a lot of ground in the city of Fall
River, Massachusetts, suitable for a site for a
public building in said city for the accom-
modation of a post office, custom-house, and
other offices of the United States, and to erect
a building thereon at a cost not, exceeding,
including the cost of the ground, the sum
of $200,000; the plans for said building to
be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Postmaster General; provided that no
money which may hereafter be appropiiat.ed
for this purpose, shall be used or expended
until a valid title to the ground shall be vested
in the United States, and until the State of
Massachusetts shall cede its jurisdiction over
said site, and shall also duly release and re-
linquish to the United States the right to tax
or in any way assess said site, or t.he property
of the United States lhat may be thereon dur-
ing the time that the United States shall be or
remain the owner thereof.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
97, noes 10.
The SPEAKER. No further count being
demanded, the rules are suspended and the
bill passed.
ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2683) to grant addi tional com-
pensation to the marshal of the district of
South Carolina, for a period of four months
and ten days ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read. It provides that so much
of the third section of the act of Congress
entitled '' An act to regulate the fees and costs
to be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and for other purposes," as limits the
personal compensation of marshals, over and
above the necessary expenses of his office, and
necessary clerk hire included, to a maximum
sum per annum, shall be suspended and made
inoperative so far as the compensation of the
marshal of the district of South Carolina, and
his deputies, for the period from September
21, 1872, to February 1, 1872, is limited and
established thereby. And the bill authorizes
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department to allow to the said marshal and
his deputies for the said period the gross amount
of fees and costs taxable by law, notwithstand-
ing such allowance would make the whole com-
pensation received more than such maximum.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION HARRIS VS. ROGERS.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I desire
to report from the Committee of Elections a
resolution for present consideration. I pre-
sume there will be no objection to it.
The Clerk read as follows :
J. H. Harris, contestant, vs. S. H. Rogers, con-
testee, fourth congressional district, North Carolina:
Resolved, That the above-named contestant, J. H.
Harris, be paid $1,500 out of the contingent tund of
the House, in payment of his disbursements and
expenses in the above-entitled case.
The resolution was agreed to.
two per cent. claim of ohio, etc.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to ask that the
committee be permitted to report after the
morning hour on Tuesday or Wednesday of
next week, on the two per cent, claim of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, which has been referred
to the committee for consideration ; the report
to be disposed of on the same day on which it
is made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will not
agree to anything that will interfere with the
consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the
rules be suspended to allow the Committee
on the Judiciary to make this report after the
morning hour of Tuesday of next week ; the
report to be considered on that day only.
The question being taken, the rules were
suspended, (two thirds voting in favor thereof,)
and the order was made.
BUSINESS OP MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to make a request
with regard to the business of the Committee
on Military Affairs. We have a number of
bills which we are ready to report, and which
cannot be disposed of in the morning hours
that will be allowed to us. I ask that there
be sessions of the House on Tuesday night
and W ednesday night of this week to receive
reports from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FAliNS WORTH. f object.
Mr. COBURN. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the order 1 have indi-
cated be made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire to say that
I would not object to allowing the morning
hour to run until the committee shall have
made its reports. But when we meet here
each day as early as eleven o'clock, I do
object to evening sessions besides.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate.
Mr. NEGLtfiY. I move that reports of
the Committee on Commerce be included in
the business to be considered on the evenings
named.
The SPEAKER. A motion fco suspend the
rules is not amendable.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
95, noes 27. So the rules were suspended,
(two thirds having voted in favor thereof,)
and the order was made.
committee on education and labor.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent
that there be a session of the House on Fri-
day evening of next week, for the purpose
of receiving reports from the Committee on
Education and Labor.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that instead of fixing
a night so far in advance,_ ihe gentleman will
select some evening of this week.
Mr. PERCE. I modify the proposition so
as to assign Friday evening of this, instead of
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry. Would it be
in order to move that gentlemen who vote for
an evening session shall be compelled to
attend ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
point made by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] is a very good one, considering
what occurred when an evening session of the
House was assigned to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the order I have indicated
be made.
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman what
business the committee have to report?
Mr. PERCE. We have several reports to
make in regard to agricultural colleges, and
we have various other bills to report which I
cannot enumerate now.
The question was put on Mr. Perce's motion;
and there were—ayes 70, noes 57.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
business of the committee of claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I am instructed
by the Committee of Claims to ask the House
to assign some time at which it will hear the
business before the committee, and 1 suggest
that Saturday, the 18th day of May, after the
morning hour, be set apart for that business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that as the House meets at"
eleven o'clock, he had better fix the time at
half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why uot
take the whole day, being Saturday?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Then I will ask
that Saturday, the 18th day of May, be devoted
to hearing reports from the Committee of
Claims.
There was no objection ; and the order was
made.
public building at port huron.
Mr. PLATT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
ask that the rules be suspended, and the bill
(H. R. No. 2) making an appropriation for a
public building to be used for a custom-house,
post office, and bonded warehouse at Port
Huron, in the State of Michigan, be passed.
The bill was read. It provides that there
be erected a Government building at Port
Huron, Michigan, under the supervision and
upon plans and specifications to be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and which
shall insure its construction for the sum of
$200,000, provided that the State of Michigan
shall cede to the United States jurisdiction
over the ground to be occupied by said build-
ing, and release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way ass sss
said site or the property of the United States
that may be thereon during the time that the
United Stales shall be or remain the owners
thereof.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
67, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the permission of
the House to make a brief statement.
Mr. COX. I object, unless we can debate
the measure.
Mr. PLATT. I ask that three minutes be
allowed me to explain this bill.
Mr. KERR. 1 object.
No quorum having voted, tellers were or-
dered ; and Mr. Platt and Mr. FarnswortH
were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 84, noes 38.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the yea«
and nays.
