398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
granting general amnesty, but I want to oa.ll
attention to some of the phraseology.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman has no
objection to a genera,! amnesty bill, will he not
prove that by voting for this'?
Mr. DAWES. For what?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. For the proposition
now before the House. One vote for the bill
would be better than four speeches in favor of
amnesty.
Mr. DAWES. I am ready to vote for general
amnesty; but I do not suppose you want 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill ; and being put there
were—ayes 78, noes 59.
Mr. KELLOGG. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ACKER. 1 wish co amend the phrase-
ology of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to,
and no amendment can be made.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. COX. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] objecting, debate or amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman's bill
is a little broader than he desires himself, when
it uses the please " disahi.ities imposed by
any article or section of the Constitution.''
The SPEAKER. It is simply the duty of
the Chair to enforce the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I think there will be
unanimous consent to change the phraseology
ill the manner suggested by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes. ]
Mr. DICKEY. I object-
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask that the bill be
reported again.
The bill was again read.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill, on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were —
yeas 100, nays 03, not voting 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Barry, Bock, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin
Btair, Braxton. Bright, James Brooks, Buckley,
Caldwell, Carroll, Comingo, Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher. Crossland, Davis, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose,
Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Sarnswortli. Farwell, Fink-
ebibure, Forker, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett,
Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, ilambieton,
Hancock, Hundley,llanks. Harper, George E. Har-
ris, John T. Harris, Hay. Hereford. Herndon, Hib-
bard. Ilolman, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis. Manson, Marshall. McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McHenry, Melntyre, MoKee, McNeoly,
Merrick, Benjamin P. Meyers, Mitchell, Morey,
Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Potter, Price,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William 11. Roberts, Roosevelt, Sheldon,
hees, Waddell, Warren, Wells, whitthornc. Wil-
liams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, AvcrUl, Barber,
Beatty, Bingham, Geor«e Al. Brooks, Buffinfou,
Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, William
r. Clarke, Ooburri, Conger, Cotton, Dawes, Dickey,
Duell, Dunnell.liames, Charles Foster,Frye.Garfield,
Hale, Hulsev, Havens, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazleton,
John W . Huzleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
Kelley, Ketcham, KilKnger, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Mn.ynard, MeCrury, McGrew, Mc-
Junkin, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C,
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Poland, Porter,
Ramey, Ellis 1£. Roberts. Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield,
beeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
H. isoardrnan Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Strong, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner. Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wal-
t*3' alls. Wheeler, Willard, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son— 93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Beveridge, Bigby,
James G. Blair, Benjamin P. Butler, Carhpbell,
Ireeman Clarke, Coob. Coghlan, Creelv. Darrall,
De Large, Edwards Elliott, Henry D.Foster, Good-
rich .farmer. Hays, Kellogg, Kendall, McKmney,
1^rco' A:y°n F- Porry, Eli Perry,
1 Jatt, Prmdie, Rooinson.. Rogers, Sargent, Shober,
Worthington C. Smith, Snnpp, Stowell, gt. John,
bypher.ihvight j owiisend.Whiteley.and Young—Iu.
So, two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
Mr. DA WES. I now offer the following !
amnesty bill, and move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the bill be passed.
The Clerk read as follows :
A bill to remove political disabilities.
lie if, enacted, <lv.. That from sind after the passage
of this act all pohtie.i! disabilities incurred under
and by virtue of the thirdsection of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution be, and the same
are hereby, removed.
Mr. HAND ALL. Let us make that unani-
mous.
Mr. COX. We do not want any yeas and
nays on that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to have substituted for that of my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] the bill I introduced this morn-
ing, which covers the same thing.
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. BUi'LER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to have my bill read for information.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reading of the substitute for information?
Mr. COX. Yes, I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no,
yon do not.
Mr. COX. Yes, I do. I want a general,
Christian amnesty.
Mr. BIT TLEli, of Massachusetts. Well, this
is that and a little more. This covers legal as
we'll as political disabilities.
Mr. ELDKlDGE. The bill of the gentle-
man's colleague [Mr. Dawes] is a first-rate
one—the best thing he ever did in his life.
Mr. COX. The biil of the other gentleman
from Massachusetts makes exceptions, I am
sure.
_ The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order on
either side.
.Mr. COX. I am aware of that. I have
objected to debate myself.
The quesiion was put on Mr. Dawes's motion
to suspend the rules; and there were—ayes 137,
noes 48.
Mr. KILLINGER called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 131, nays 70, not voting 38; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barry, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Bird,
Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Caldwell, Carroll,
William T. Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo. Conner,Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Orossland, Darrall, Davis, Dawes,
Donnan, Dox, Du Bose, Duke. Edwards, Eldridge,
Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell. Finklenburg, Forker,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Garrett,
Getz, Golladay. II aide man, Hale. Halsey. Hamble-
ton, Hancock, Hundley, Hanks. Harper, George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Herndon,
Ilibbard, 1IU1, Holman, Houghton, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcham, King, Kinsella, Lamison. Leach, Lewis,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, MeCormick, Mc-
Henry, Melntyre, MeKee, McNeely, Merrick, Ben-
jamin i. Meyers, Mitohell, Morey, Morgan, Negley,
Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Pot-
ter, Price, Randall, Read, Edwards. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William It. Roberts, Rogers, Roose-
velt, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoemaker. Slater, Slo-
cum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, R.MiltonSpeer,
Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Suth-
erland, Swann. Terry, Thomas, Turner, Tuthill,
lwichell. Van Trump, Vaughan. Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Wakemnn, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Wil-
liams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber,Bcatty, Bingham,
Buffinton, Bureliard, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Coburn. Conger, Cotton, Duell, Dunnell,
Lames, Frye, Goodrich, Ilawley, Gerry W. Hazle-
ton, John W. Hazleton, Hooper, Kelley. Killinger,
Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, Slc-
Grew, MeJuukin, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Leon-
ard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Pendleton, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley. Sessions, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, II. Boaidman Smith, John A. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton,
Strong, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Tyner, Upson,
walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M, Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barnum,
Bigby, James G.Blair, Campbell, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Creely, De Large, Dickey, Elliott, Ilenry D.
Foster, Griffith, Harmer, Havens, Hays,Hoar, Ken-
dal], Lansing, McKmney, Moore, Morphis, Isaac
C. Parker, Peice, Auron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland,
Robinson, Sargent, Scofield. Shober. Stowell, St.
John, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Whiteley, and
Young—38.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM TI1K 8KNATB.
A messagefrom the Senate, by Mr. Syiirsox,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 44!)) au-
thorizing the issue of clothing to oortaiu enlisted
men of company B, fourteenth regiment of
infantry, iu which he was directed to a-k the
concurrence of the House.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HALE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of putting upon its passage a
bill for the removal of legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the third stiit'on of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The bill was read.
The first section provides forthe removal of
all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, on the persons therein mentioned,
because of their having engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the United States,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof ;
provided the act shall not apply to or in any
way affect or remove the disabilities of any per-
son included in either of the following classes,
namely: First. Members of the Congress of
the Union who withdrew therefrom to aid the
rebellion. Second. Officers of the Army or
the Navy of the United States who, being
above the age of twenty-one years, left said
Army or Navy and aided the rebellion.
The second section providesthat before any
person shall be entitled to the benefit of th s
act, he shall, within the district where he re-
tides, before a cletk of some court ot the Un -
ted States or a United States commissioner,
take and subscribe an oath or affirmation to
support the Constitution of the United Sta'es,
and to bear true faith ami allegiance to the
same, which oath or affirmation shall be for-
warded by said officer to the Secretary ofState
of the United States, who shall cause a list of
all persons complying with the provisions of
this act to be laid before Congress at the open-
ing of each session thereof; and the officer
before whom such oath or affirmation is made
shall give to the person taking it a certificate
of the fact under such forms and regulations
as the Secretary of State shall prescribe.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rales arid passing the bill; and upon a division
there were—ayes one hundred and sixty-three.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. BURCHARD called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. If there is no objection I will
say that this is precisely the same bill that was
passed 
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
The question was then taken by yeas and
nays ; and there were—yeas 171, nays 31, not
voting 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer. Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Barnum, Barry, Beck, Bell, Bev-
eridce, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, GeorgeM. Brooks, James
Brooks,Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Car-
roll, William T. Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Conner,
Cotton. Crebs. Critcher. Crossland, Darrall. Davis.
Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke,
Lames, Edwards, Eldridge, Ely, Farwell, Fiiikeln-
burg, Forker, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith. Halde-
man, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, flancock, Handley,
llanks, Harper, George E.IIarris, John 1'. Hams.
Hawley, Hay. Gerry W. Hazleton, John W.Hazleton.
Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Holman, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, King,
Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lewis, Lynch,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland. McCormiek, Mo-
Grew, McHenry, Mclntyre, Mclvee, MeNeely, Mer-
riam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Muti-
?P,e'Tflo,re5,> Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblack, Hosea
W. Parker,Isaac C.Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Aaion
5' , S*,' l'0'and, Potter, Price, Prindle, Randall,
Ilead.Edward.Y. Rice, John M. Rice,Ritchie, Ellis
II. Roberts, William R. Roberts. Roosevelt. Sawyer,
Scolield. Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarprer, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, II. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Worthing ton C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder. R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Strong, Suther-
