2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
an amendment which reads " November 12."
I have been informed that the date of the order
was November 14. I ask that that change be
made in an amendment already adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The change
■will be made unless there is objection.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the amendment of
my colleague be laid aside informally until it
can be looked into.
Mr. CALDWELL. Let it be laid aside
temporarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done if there be no objection.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the amend-
ment submitted some days since and printed,
to strike out from line seventeen hundred and
nine to seventeen hundred and twenty-five,
inclusive, and to insert what I send to the
Chair. I have modified the amendment, in
accordance with suggestions of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] to apply it to
Indians with whom there are no treaty stip-
ulations, that there may be twenty per cent,
of the money appropriated in this bill for
Indians with whom there are no treaty stip-
ulations for the purchase of cattle as they
may eleet. There is no objection to it now,
I believe.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I give notice of an
amendment that I intend to offer to this bill.
I ask that it be printed and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
It was so ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon to be an amendment to an amend-
ment already agreed to. That being the case,
it is out of order.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe the amendment
was withdrawn, or was proposed and not
adopted. Now I offer it in a modified form.
Mr. COLE. My recollection is that it was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itwasagreed
to on the 1st of April. The amendment of
the Senator from Oregon is, therefore, out of
order.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer an amendment on page
8; line one hundred and seventy-nine, to insert:
For the payment of William II. Moore & Co., on ac-
count of depredations committed by the Cheyenne
Indians in May, 1869. $46,120.
'I will state 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order,
Mr. President; and that is, that this is plainly
and distinctly a private claim, and I think,
from recollecting the name, that it has been
ruled out at former sessions as a private claim.
I think I remember the name of Moore. As
stated in the amendment, it is plainly to pro-
vide for the payment of a private claim, which
the rule expressly says shall not go into an
appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAIR. This amount has been al-
lowed by the Secretary of the Interior, and an
appropriation asked for the payment of it by
the Secretary of the Interior uuder the Indian
intercourse act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not make the
least difference on the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order raised by the Senator from Vermont
is in relation to the rule, which the Chair will
read :
"And no amendment shall be received whose
object is to provide for a private claim, unless it be
to carry out the provisions of an existing law, or
a treaty stipulation."
Mr. BLAIR. This is to carry out an exist-
ing law, because under the intercourse act
these depredations are to be paid for and
charged against .the annuities of the Indians.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the honorable
Senator from Missouri would point out to us
the statute which he says covers this ease, so
that it makes it our duty to appropriate this
money under the rule.
Mr. BLAIR. There is a general statute,
the Indian intercourse act 
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I ask my friend to
point it out to us, so that we can see it and
read it.
Mr. BLAIR. I have not the statute with
ine. It is a familiar one to Senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not familiar to me.
Mr. BLAIR. It is the Indian intercourse
act, protecting all licensed persons trading in
the Indian country, and requiring the Indians
with whom the Government has treaties, if
they commit depredations, to pay them ; that
is, the amount of the depredation is charged
to the tribe, to be deducted from their annui-
ties. It was under this law that the Secretary
of the Interior allowed this claim, and he
sends to the House of Representatives the
following certificate:
Department of the Interior,
Washington. D. C., January 26,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith the
papers in the claim of W. H. Moore & Co., for dep-
redations committed upon their property in 1869 by
Cheyenne Indians.
The claim has been allowed by this Department,
but there being no funds at my disposal applicable
to its payment. I recommend the subject to the
favorable consideration of Congress, with a view to
an appropriation for that purpose.
Very respectfully,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blainf,,
Speaker of (he Souse of Jtepresentatives.
This allowance of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior was made under this law. There is no
other law or authority for making such an
allowance. I am certain that the Chair will
sustain the position I have taken that this
having been allowed by the head of a Depart-
ment, and recommended to Congress for an
appropriation, the point of order must be
overruled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the ab-
sence of the statute, as the Senator's attention
has been called to it, and the statute is not
submitted, the Chair will suggest that the
Senator from Missouri temporarily withdraw
his amendment, and have the statute read to
the Senate, when the question will be clear.
The Chair will be compelled to sustain the
point of order in the absence of the statute.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I am in order in
offering an amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer this amendment:
after line fourteen hundred and ninety-nine to
insert:
For the proportion of twelve persons of $1,000,000,
placed to the credit of said Indians on the books of
the Treasury, as per fourth article of the treaty
November 1,1837, whole number of the tribe being
fifteen hundred and thirty-one persons, 87,838 04.
For the proportion of twelve persons of $85,000,
placed to the credit of said Indians on the books ot
the Treasury, as per fourth article treaty October 13,
1846, whole number fifteen hundred and thirty-one.
?666 24.
I'or the proportion of twelve persons of $200,000,
placed to the credit of said Indians on the books of
the Treasury, being the amount, in part, taken from
their tribal funds to pay the expenses of their re-
moval irom Minnesota, provided for in public act
onehundred and eighty-seven, approved July 15,1870,
iTA°ie„„number fift^n hundred and thirty-one,
$1,567 68.
The foregoing amounts for said twelve persons are
appropriated from the sums respectively named,
standing to the credit of the Wmnebagoes on the
books of the Treasury, and shall be deducted there-
irom: 1 roviaed, That the money heretofore appro-
priated by the act of March 3, 1871, for the throe
children of Sophia Foyles shall be paid to the father
ot said children.
I have here a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior in explanation of this
matter. The case is entirely proved by it. I
ask that the communication whichlsend to the
desk be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department oj? the Interior,
Washington, D. a, March 19,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a report from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
dated the 18th instant, inclosing an estimate of an
appropriation for $10,071 84, required to pay twelve
"Winnebago Indians, who have becopie citizens of
the United States, under the provisions of the ninth
and tenth sections of the act of Congress approved
July 15,1870. (See Statutes-at-Large, vol. 16, page
361.) , , „
The Commissioner gives atlength the facts con-
cerning the subject, and the same is respectfully
submitted for the favorable consideration of Con-
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO,
Secretary of the Interior.
Hon. James Q. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior.
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. Cm March 18,1872.
Sir: I have tlie honor to invite your attention to
the ninth and tenth sections of the act making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30,1871, and for other pur-
poses. (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 16, page 361.)
The ninth section provides "that the Secretary
of the Interior be, and hereby is, directed to cause
to be investigated and to determine the claims of
certain Indians of the Winnebago tribe, now law-
fully residing in the State of Minnesota; to issue
patents without the right of alienation to those of
them whom he shall find entitled thereto for the
lands heretofore allotted to them in severalty, or
which may have been designated by them for allot-
ment under the provisions of the treaty ratified
March 16,1861, or of an act entitled 'An act for the
removal of the Winnebago Indians, and for the sale
of their reservation in Minnesota for their benefit,'
approved February 21,1863/' &c.
The tenth section provides "that if at any time
hereafter any of the said Indians shall desire to be-
come citizens of the United States, they shall make
application to the judge of the district court of the
United States for the district of Minnesota, and in
open court make the same proof and take the same
oath of allegiance as is provided by law for the
naturalization of aliens, and shall also make proof -
to the satisfaction of said court, that they are suffi-
ciently intelligent and prudent to control their
affairs and interests- that they have adopted the
habits of civilized life, and have, for at least five
years previous thereto, been able to support them-
selves and families; whereupon they shall be de-
clared by said court to be citizens of the United
States," &c.
Under these provisions one hundred and fifty-four
persons,residing in the State ot Minnesota, havebeen
naturalized, and have complied with the require-
ments of the sections as above cited, of whom one
hundred and fifty-three were paid in full their pro-
portionate share of the tribal funds during the year
1871.
At the timo the estimate was made to Congress,
January 4,1871, it was presumed that not less than
one hundred and sixty persons would avail them-
selves of the opportunity of becoming citizens, and
the appropriation was asked and was made on that
basis. Of this sum appropriated, there remains on
the books of this office unexpended $5,875 24, being
seven unpaid shares
From the seven shares thus remaining there
should, under the decision of the Department, Au-
gust 21,1871, be deducted three shares, amounting
to $2,517 96, on account of the three minor children
of Sophia Foyles, a Winnebago woman who died
after declaring her desire to become naturalized,
but before naturalization papers were issued. Spe-
cial authority will, however, have to be obtained for
the payment of the same to the father of said chil-
dren, u white man,) and .a clause conferring such
authority has been added to the draft of the
inclosed bill.
In January last the district court of the United
States for the district of Minnesota naturalized
sixteen additional members of the tribe who had
complied with the provisions of sections nine and
ten of the act approved July 15,1870.
Out of the sum heretofore appropriated, that has
not been expended, there will, as above explained,
be four full shares that can be applied toward mak-
ing payment to the sixteen now entitled to their
several shares of the tribal funds, leaving thus but
twelve shares for which an appropriation is required.
There will be required to be appropriated for the
twelve persons the following sums:
For amount placed to the credit of said Indian*
on the books of the Treasury, as per fourth artielc
treaty November 1, 1837, cash value of twelve
• shares §7,838 01
For amount placed to the credit of said
Indians on the books of the Treasury,
as per fourth article treaty October 13,
1846, cash value of twelve shares  666 23
For this amount, placed to the credit of said
Indians, for the purpose of refunding the
amount taken from their tribaj iunds to
pay the expenses of their removal from
Minnesota, cash value    1,567 6:1
Total amount due twelve persons $10,071 84
which will have to be appropriated by Congress
before a settlement can be made as contemplated by
the ninth and tenth sections of the act approved
July 15,1871. < ^ .
I inclose herewith an estimate of appropriations
required to pay said twelve Winnebagoes their share
of said annuities, and respectfully request that the
