34a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Kellogg.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the constitutional Convention in the first Con-
gress, and yet the first bill they passed upon
the subject of the tariff, and I think the sec-
ond bill they passed of any nature, in 1789,
has this in the preamble:
" Whereas it is necessary for the support of the
Government for the discharge of the debts of the
United States, and the encouragement and protection
of Manufactures that duties be laid/5 &c.
The words "and the encouragement and
protection of manufactures" are specially in-
cluded in the preamble; and they who framed
this law were men who aided in forming the
Constitution, and it would be necessarily sup-
posed that they ought to understand it almost as
well as Robert J. Walker, and even as much as
my distinguished friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerb.] Itwassaidof Alexander Hamilton, by
a far greater man than any one of the statesmen
now living, that "he smote the rock of the
national resources, and streams of abundant
reveuue gushed forthand the rod with which
be smote the rock was a protective tariff.
At the close of the war of 1812, Congress
reduced the internal revenue taxes, as I have
before stated. How did they make up for it?
By duties on imports. They did not reduce
them as we have done. They were fighting
New England then, just as the gentleman from
Kentucky claims that he is now fighting New
England; for New England then was not
largely engaged in manufactures, but was
largely engaged in commerce ; and the South
and West put on an increased tariff of duties.
New England adapted herself to that policy,
and her industry and her euergy have made
her what she is to-day.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] said that the Secretary of the Treasury
slates that $206,000,000 of customs cost for
collection the past year $9,012,199. I do not
suppose that the geutleman made such a mis-
statement intentionally, but if he will turn
to the second page of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury he will find that instead
of the amount being nine million and odd dol-
lars it was $6,560,672 61 that was the cost of
collecting the customs, the past year, being
lliree and eleven hundredths per cent.
Mr. BECK. You forget to add the cost of
rpvpii i) f t^ts
Mr. KELLOGG. So in the collection of
the internal revenue there isan Internal Reve-
nue Commissioner and three deputies and a
considerable part of the Treasury Department
and other large expenses not included in the
cost of the internal revenue collection. I am
surprised at the persistent statement of the
gentleman that the cost of collecting the cus-
toms is greater than the cost of collecting the
internal revenue.
Mr. BECK. Allow me one minute In the
live-minute debates I will prove it to be true.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will meet you there.
The gentleman from Indiana made the same
statement, but did not venture to give any
figures ; and the figures given by the gentlemen
from Kentucky cannot be found in the report.
Mr. BURCHARD. Imadethe samestate-
ment and sustained it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Connecticut declines to yield, and gentlemen
must refrain from interrupting him.
Mr. KELLOGG. I listened with great in-
terest to the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, and I have read his speech carefully
siuco, and 1 hope he will not interrupt me.
I wish I had more time lo reply to some points
in his speech than I have now left. If he had
studied his favorite theory less, and studied
more the practical working of our tariff sys-
tems the last forty years, I think his speech
would have been a very different one.
I will not talk about his theories. Your
free-trade theories are good for college pro-
fessors and for students to discuss and make
fine arguments upon ; but they are good for
nothing in the practical business of life. You
may make a very beautiful free trade theory,
and prove by it that free trade shall extend
all over the world; but when you come to the
working of it, I say you must build up every
industry you can within the limits of your own
broad land in order to make your people pros
perous. Such are the lessons that have been
taught us thus far, if we are not willfully blind
to them, in our rise and progress as a nation.
But I will set up against these free-trade
theories facts, that every person on this floor
must recognize, as to the effect of low tariffs
and high tariffs during our history. I hope
the gentleman will listen to me while I lay
down my proposition ; and though I may not
be able to yield to him now, he can answer
me hereafter if he is able. I lay down the
proposition that the most prosperous periods
in the history of this country have been dur-
ing the high-tariff systems, and the most dis-
astrous times of bankruptcy have been during
the existence of low tariffs.
Take the period of 1837. Men on this floor
can remember the number of years that it took
for our people to recover from the disasters of
bankruptcy that then swept over the land.
That wis a period of low tariffs. It was the
tariff of 1842 that revived business And I
would call attention once more to some state-
ments that the gentleman from Kentucky made
in his speech. He says that the high protect-
ive tariff of 1842 did more than all else to
drive the Whigs from power in 1844. If I re-
member, thegentleman has said on,this floor,
as the successor of Henry Clay, that'lie believed
in Henry Clay and in his ideas in his early
years. Now, let me say to him that Pennsyl-
vania was carried in 1844 with the high flaunt-
ing banner of " Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of
1842." And every member from the State of
Pennsylvania, on both sides of the House,
who is old enough to remember it, will bear
me witness that such was the fact. It was not
the tariff of 1842, but the false colors in the
political contest that were borne aloft by his
opponents in Pennsylvania that defeated
Henry Clay and the Whigs in 1844.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Btjrch
ard] alluded to the four years from 1857 to
1861, just before the war, as a season of pros-
perity. Does not my friend remember* that
property was lower, that wages were lower,
that thpre was more universal bankruptcy and
ruin at that time than at any other period
since 1837? My friend knows that, right in his
own section of country oats could then be
bought for seven cents per bushel, corn for ten
cents, and wheat for forty cents per bushel,
and purchasers could not be found even at
that price. Two or three of my friends, who
are eminent lawyers in my district, emigrated
to the West about that time, and after a short;
time came back. They did not fancy prac
ticing law where they could get nothing for
their services except a load of corn that they
could not sell for ten cents a bushel. And
iu the years from 1857 to 1860 there was stag-
nation in business in the East, as well as in the
West, Manufacturers had to advance money
to their workmen during the winter of 1857
for coal and flour, for they had no work to
give them. At that time the failure of a sin-
gle concern, the Ohio Life and Trust Com-
pany, carried down nearly every bank in the
city of New York and almost every strong
house in the country, and months and years
of bankruptcy and disaster followed, as we
all know, until the war gave us business of
another kind to do. And though disaster and
bankruptcy almost always follows a period of
war, the business of the couniry has prospered
so well under (he high tariff made necessary
oy our late war, that not even the destruction
of a hundred millions or more of property by
fire could creatc more than a ripple upon the
surface of the business of the country.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] at-
tacks New England and Pennsylvania espe-
cially. He couples us together, and says that
our manufacturers are rich men, and ought to
pay this income tax, &c. Sir, New England
has been used to such things, and she can take
care of herself; but she, as well as the rest of
the country, wants some stability in legislation.
Give her the raw materials free, and she will
manufacture goods for the world. But you
must raise your revenue somewhere. My friend
from Illinois says "amen." If you want to
give up your tariff altogether, then come to
direct taxation, and lake the Constitution for
yotir rule to apportion taxes among the several
States according to representation. We are
perfectly ready to strike hands with you oa
that ground if direct taxation is preferable.
We in Connecticut with but four Representa-
tives will be willing to divide taxes with Illi-
nois and her twenty Representatives upon that
rule. But we all know that is impracticable.
But still we should have the one system or
the other; and I say the true system for us to
come to, and that, too, as speedily as possi-
ble, is the collection of all our revenue from
imports. A distinguished Senator from Illi-
nois—I speak of what is so often said in regard
to the manu facturers of New England—recen t ly
bewailed the fact that we had to pay such a
duty" on axes, along with other articles. Duty
on axes! Why, sir, there has not been an
ax imported into this country for years.
About forty years ago a man in my colleague's
district built a little shop and commenced the
manufacture of axes; and that little shop has
grown into acres of manufacturing buildings,
and one of the most flourishing villages in the
Siate; and the Collins ax rings in all the
forests of this continent, as well as in those of
Europe and Australia. The worst trouble
they have had for years, until the late treaties
protecting trade-marks, was to protect their
manufactures from counterfeits of their trade-
mark by foreigners upon inferior articles.
Nobody ever thinks of using an imported
ax in this country. A little later than the
period when the manufacture of axes began
there, a neighbor of mine now living, and
one of the most estimable men in my State,
brought from England the first skilled la-
borers to engage in the brass manufacture
in this couniry. That industry received its
first strong impulse, and leaped into vigorous
activity, under the protection of the tariff of
1842. If any of my friends on either side of
the House—and I will be glad to see any of
the-m—will visit me at my home, I will show
them in two hoursmore cunning workmanship
in brass than ever king Hiram or Solomon
saw in all the days of their lives. I will show
them machines that they cannot watch in op-
eration five minutes without being ready to
swear that they know just what they are doing;
as with fingers of iron, and nerves and mus-
cles of steel that never grow weary, they per-
form their rapid work with an exactness that
 o human hand can equal. And while inven-
tions have saved labor, wages have increased,
and all classes have shared in the general
prosperity ; and there are scores of places
that have grown up in like manner all over our
State and our country under the beneficial
protection of our tariff system.
Let the reductions in the tariff be first made
by putting upon the free list such articles as
we do not produce, and reducing the duty
upon raw materials that we are obliged to im-
port, and that enter into the cost of our man-
ufactures. The President has well said in his
message this session:
"There are many articles not produced athome,
but which enter largely into general consumption
through a«,ieles which aie manufactured at home,
such as medicines compounded, &c., from which
