1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3087
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—•
;yeas 98, nays 73, not voting 09 ; as follows :
> - YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Banks. Barber, Beveridge,
- Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, George
"M. Brooks, Buckley, Baffin ton, Burdett, Benjamin
/P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, William T. (JIark,
* Coburn.Coghlan,Conger, Crocker, Duell, Duke, Dun-
 ell, Eames, Elliott, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Golladay, Goodrich,
Hale, Halsey, Harper, Havens, Hawley, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. liazelton, lloar, Hooper, Kel-
]ey. Kellogg, Kendal), Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe,
McCormiek, MeGrew, JlcJunkin, Mercur, Moore,
Morphis. Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Eli Perry, Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Rainey.
Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, H. Board-
man Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tivichell,
Tyner, Vaughau, Wakeman, Wallace, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, JeremiahM. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bird, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Free-
man Clarke, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Critcher, Cross-
land, Davis, Donnan, Dox, Bldredge, Farusworth,
Garrett, Getz, Griffith, Haldeman, ilandley. Hanks,
John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, ilolman.
Kerr, Killinger, Lamison, Marshall, McClelland,
McCrary, McIIenry, Melntyre, McNeely, Merriam,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack,
Hosea W. Parker, Price, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Rob-
inson, Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, John A. Smith,
Thomas J. Speer, Terry, Tnthill, Voorhees, Walden,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnum, Barry,
James G. Blair, Carroll, Cobb, Comingo, Crebs,
Creely, Darrall, Dawes, De Large. Dickey, Da
Bose, Ely, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, fiam-
bleton, Hancock, Harmer, George B. Han is. Hays.
Herndon, Hill. Houghton, King, Kinsella, Lansing,
Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Maynard, MeKee,
MeKinney, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Aaron F.
Perry, Peters, Porter, Potter, Randall, Rusk, Sco-
field, Seeley, Shellabarger, Shober, Shoemaker,
Snyder, R. Milton Speer, riPrague, Starkweather,
Stevens, Storm, Stowell, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Upson, Van Trump, Waddeli,
Waldron, Walls, Warren, Wells, and Williams of
New Yorks—69.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rales were not suspended.
alleged qokstion of privilege.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman willstateit.
Mr. WOOD. In the beginning of tliis_ses-
sion I had the honor to be appointed by the
Chair a member of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of this House. I have attended
every meeting of that committee, and have
endeavored to discharge my duty diligently,
impartially, and faithfully. So far as I know,
I believe the committee have discharged their
duty faithfully, correctly, and diligently. From
its composition, as well as from the nature of
the duties that are devolved upon it by the
House, it is a non-partisan committee, in which
no questions of a party or political character
have as yet ever arisen to disturb its proceed-
ings and deliberations.
On Friday last there was a meeting of that
committee called to convene at ihe State De-
partment at ten o'clock upon Saturday morn-
ing. That meeting was called by the President
of the United States, by notes sent to the Re-
publican members of the committee, signed by
General Babcock, his Secretary. I and my
Democratic colleagues on that committee were
excluded from its consultations and deiibera
tions. We are bound to assume that the object
of that exclusion was a discrimination against
us, an invasion of our rights as members of
that committee, and of this House. I have
risen, therefore, to protest against this inva-
sion, and to call the attention of the House
and of the country to the fact of this most
extraordinary procedure on the part of the
Executive of the nation in thus debarring the
Representatives of the people from their rights
as members of this House, and of one of its
standing committees.
The SPEAKER. What is the question of
privilege presented by the gentleman.
Mr. WOOD. The question of privilege I
present to the House is that by our exclusion
from this meeting of the committee our rights
have been invaded as members of the House,
as well as members of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. The suggestion presented by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
does not present a question of privilege ; and
if it were proposed as such I should be obliged
to ask the judgment of the House upon the
reception of it as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say that
he sees nothing in the remarks of the gentle-
man from New York to present a question of
privilege, unless it be held that the President
of the United States has no right to consult, in
a private way, any member of the House whom
he may choose to invite to an interview.
Mr. BANKS. In my judgment the gentle-
man from New York [Sir. Wood] is mistaken
in regard to the fact m his statement. I do
not understand that there has been any ses-
sion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs at
the State Department, or anywhere else ex-
cept in its own proper committee-room, the
one assigned to it by the use of the House;
and so far as I know there has been no meet-
ing of that committee called by the President
of the United States, or by General Babcock,
or by any one else.
Mr. WOOD. Will the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] permit
me to ask him whether he, with the other Re-
publican members of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, did not receive notes on Friday
last from General Babcock to meet at the
State Department on Saturday last?
Mr. BANKS. I can say  
Mr. WOOD. I ask a question to which I
want an answer.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, you will have a decided
answer. I was myself invited to meet the
Secretary of State at the State Department.
Mr. WOOD. By General Babcock; and
that you met the President there, and that it
was a meeting from which we were excluded?
Mr. BANKS. There has been no meeting
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs anywhere
except in its own committee-room.
Mr. MORGAN. Were not your Republican
colleagues present at that meeting?
Mr. BANKS. That question they can an-
swer for themselves.
Mr. BINGHAM. Irise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
state it.
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is that
it is not in order in this way to inquire into the
action of the President of the United States.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New Y'ork [Mr. Wood] desires a ruling, the
Chair will say that he sees nothing in this mat-
ter involving any question of the privileges of
the House.
Mr. WOOD. I have stated the facts, and
the country must determine.
The SPEAKER. If the President of the
United States chooses to invite any one to meet
him at any place, the Chair sees nothing to
prevent his doing so, so far as the rights and
privileges of this House are concerned.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman trom New
York [Mr. Wood] has not correctly stated the
facts. There was no such meeting of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs as he stated.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object to any further
debate on this subject.
debt of washington city.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to
move to suspend the rules to take from the
Speaker's table and pass the bill (S. No. 973)
to fund certain liabilities of the city of Wash-
ington existing June 1, 1871, and to limit the
debt of and taxation in the District of Co-
lumbia. The House passed some weeks ago
a bill for this veiy purpose of funding the old
debt of the city of Washington. The Senate,
instead of passing our bill, have passed a Sen-
ate bill very similar. They have limited the
amount somewhat; that is the only change
they have made in the bill, except putting on
an additional section repealing one of the four
million loan acts, to which repeal nobody ob-
jects. 1 do not think it will be necessary to
read the bill at length, unless some gentleman
specially desires it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to inquire of
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Poland]
whether this bill proposes to fund the precise
amount of indebtedness that was agreed upon
by the House in the bill we passed ?
Mr. POLAND. The bill which passed the
House did not fix a limit as to the amount.
The Senate have limited the amount.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the bill be read.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to inquire still
further whether this bill does not cover a por-
tion of the debt of the city of Washington
which was not covered by our bill ? I was
looking at this bill just now, when the Clerk
called for it in consequence of the motion of
the gentleman from Vermont, and in it I
discovered a reference to a deficiency in a
trust-fund of some one or two huudred thou-
sand dollars. I had not time to read the pro-
vision through or to ascertain precisely what it
meant.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the bill be read.
Mr. POLAND. The amount of the old debt
is about two million dollars. The Senate, by
their bill, have limited the amount of bonds
to be issued to §1,150,000, which will create a
necessity for raising the money by taxation to
pay the balance; but the city authorities pre-
fer that, rather than to have the bill changed.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is one other thing
I discovered in my hasty and incomplete read-
ing of the bill: that it proposes a limitation
upon the taxing power of the District govern-
ment. It provides that the taxation shall not
exceed two per cent, annually. I wish to
know whether that is a general provision, or
whether it relates to this particular bill only.
I suppose it to be a limitation upon the general
power of taxation by the city government.
Mr. POLAND. Itisso; butthe city author-
ities are willing that that provision shall remain.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The present rate of
taxation, as I understand, is one and seven
tenths per cent., instead of two per cent., as
now proposed.
Mr. POLAND. The city authorities state
that their annual taxation will not exceed one
and seveu tenths per cent. Some other people
claim that it will be very much more. The
Senate has fixed a limit of two per cent., and
the city authorities are willing that the limita-
tion shall stand.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the bill
be read.
The bill was read.
The first section authorizes the commis-
sioners of the sinking fund of the District of
Columbia, duly appointed under the laws of
the District, to fund the liabilities of the city
of Washington, consisting of the floating debts
and trust funds found to be due on the 1st of
June, 1871, not exceeding $1,150,000, by the
auditing commission appointed to ascertain the
amount of those liabilities, and reported by the
commission to the Legislative Assembly under
date of November 8,1871, and January 3, 1872;
and for that purpose the commissioners are
directed to issue registered or coupon bonds of
the District of Columbia, in denominations of
fifty dollars, or any muliiple of that sum, not
to exceed the amount of those liabilities, bear-
ing interest not to exceed six per cent, per
annum, payable semi-annually in gold, and
having a period to run not more than thirty
years nor less than fifteen years. The comrnis-
sioneis are authorized to negotiate the sale of
the bunds at their discretion, at a rate of dis-
count not to exceed three per cent, upon their
par value, and with the proceeds thereof to pay
the liabilities of the city of Washington; and the
