1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
not say that Mr. Cobden was unpatriotic, and
the Senator himself lias acquitted him of it by
saying that when he made that speech he made
it for the purpose of arresting the proceedings
of the British Government. I say that was
patriotism ; and I do not wish the Senator to
represent me as saying otherwise.
Mr. SUMNER. I make my effort now to
arrest a bad precedent that may be of infinite
mischief to this Republic.
Mr. CARPENTER. Oh, yea.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says "oh,
yes." I will not retort upon him that he is
unfair ; but let him do justice to the position
of those with whom he differs. My friend from
Missouri and myself have from the beginning
argued that one of the dangerous features of
this case was that it would establish a precedent
which might be used hereafter against our-
selves ; ay, 'sir, that it would establish a pre-
cedent that might be used against us in our
pending relations with England. I wish to
rescue my country from any such peril. Will
not the Senator help me ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me a single question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator, then,
must believe that there is nothing in this pre-
amble, and that an investigation will acquit our
Government; otherwise he is not trying to res-
cue his Government, but to plunge it into
conviction.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish, if there are offend-
ers, to punish them of our own accord.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me one word
further. If there is an offender, the offender
is the Congress of the United States. The
Secretary of War but literally executed and
carried out a law of Congress, and that is the
act of the Government. It is preposterous to
say that we could turn round and convict the
chief of ordnance or any subordinate officer
for executing an act of Congress, and acquit
ourselves of a breach of neutral duty.
Mr. SUMNER. So the Senator says. The
Senator will not understand the case. He will
not be fair to us. He requires us to be fair
to him. I hope I may never be otherwise to
him ; but I hope the Senator will for one mo-
ment give us a little fairness. Sir, we wish to
establish puiity in this Government, when
there is a well-founded suspicion that there
have been transactions in or about the Ord-
nance Bureau which necessitate inquiry. The
Senator would not have us make the inquiry
because it is unpatriotic, and then argues that
the offender is Congress, under whose law the
Secretary of War and the chief of ordnance
acted. But the Senator will not see that
there are two questions: first, were our neutral
duties observed at the War Department ;
and secondly, was there a misfeasance of
officials there?
Again we declare our desire to cut off a pre-
cedent that may be dangerous to ourselves—
perhaps even in the pending questions with
England hereafter. "Will the Senator have the
indulgence simply to recognize the case as we
state it? Wishing therefore to arrest what we
think may be wrong, wishing to save our coun-
try from all possibility of peril from an obnox-
ious precedent, we make this motion, and in
making it we place ourselves humbly but pre-
cisely side by side with the English patriot.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Suppose Mr. Cobden were
now alive, and should in the House of Com-
mons move the appointment of a committee
upon a preamble like this, charging that the
British Government had been guilty of violat-
ing neutrality in allowing the escape of the
Alabama, and asking an investigation for the
purpose of establishing the facts that would
subject Great Britain to the damages we claim
from her, I ask if even John Bright would not
rise up in his place and denounce him as un-
patriotic, if he did not call him by even a
harder name than that?
Mr. SUMNER. I give an easy answer 'to
that. John Bright would do no such thiug.
Mr, MORTON. I think he would.
Mr, _ SUMNER. The Senator thinks he
would. The Senator does not know him, and
does not know his history. You shall have
his testimony in a minute. But I still ask you
not to forget Richard Cobden. Remember the
date of his speech, 1864, and how positively
he set forth a case against his own country;
and now the Senator from Indiana asks me
what would be the judgment if Richard Cob-
den were now alive and he should introduce
into the British Parliament a resolution set-
ting forth the misconduct of his own country?
It would be just like Richard Cobden if he
were alive to do it, because he was always
a votary of truth. He never accepted this
philosophy of the dark lantern being preached
on this floor, that there is something that
we must hide. Sir, I am against the dark
lantern. I am for sun-light and day, as
was Richard Cobden. That speech which I
hold in my hand, and on which our country
now leans for support, was one of the most
patriotic utterances ever made in a parlia-
mentary body. It carries you back to another
generation, when Pox and Burke in the British
Parliament openly espoused the cause of our
fathers, proclaiming openly that their country
was wrong. Washington at the head of his
troops, and Franklin sitting in the Congress
or in diplomacy at Paris, were elevated and
encouraged by the eloquent words of those
British statesmen ; but according to what I
hear now, they were unpatriotic, even to the
extent of making a case against their country.
It is wrong to say that they were doing any
such thing. They were making a case for
justice, for humanity, for God Almighty.
The Senator alludes to John Bright. Listen
now to him. In one of his eloquent speeches
made February 3, 1863, he said :
" I regret more than I have words to express this
painful fact, that of all the countnesin Europe, this
country is the only one which has men in it who are
willing to tako active steps in favor of this intended
slave government. We supply the ships; wesupply
the arms; tlio munitions of war; we give aid and
comfort to this foulest of all crimes. Englishmen
only do it. I believe I have not seen a single state-
ment in the newspapers that any French, Belgian,
Dutch, or Russian ship has been engaged or seized
while attempting to violate the blockade and to
carry arms to the South."
These are the emphatic words. " English-
men only do it."
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. John Bright has been in
Parliament from the time he made that speech,
when he tried to arrest what was going on and
prevent a case from being made up against his
country, until the present hour, but he has
never felt that as an Englishman, as a friend
of his country, after the war was over, he
should move for the appointment of a com-
mittee to make out a case against his own
country ; and if he had done it, I ask the Sen-
ator if he supposes the people of Manchester
would ever send him back to the House of
Commons?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator ought to be
fair. I sometimes think, and I have more'
than once told him that I consider there is no
debater oil this floor who is fairer ; but he is
very unfair now. Make out a case against his
country! That is not the way of stating it.
Make out a case for his country ; make out a
case by which to save his country from a
wrong position.
Mr. CARPENTER. Make out a case to
pay damages.
Mr. SUMNER. Make out a case for his
country, I insist; for every man pleading to
place his country right before any tribunal is
pleading for his country.
But the Senator does not know the history
of John Bright. Here is another speech of
his, made when ? On the 13th of March, 1865,
in the House of Commons, long after these
cruisers were out, long after the policy of the
English Government toward us had been
adopted, long after the famous proclamation
which figured so much in those days, long
afrer the United States Government had made
remonstrances against the course of England,
and what does he say ? After describing the
issue of the proclamation, he proceeds to ar-
raign his own country, so that his words are
sopied into the American case as authority on
our side:
" But no precaution whatever was taken. It was
done with unfriendly haste, and had this effect: that
it gave comlort and courage to the conspiracy at
Montgomery and Richmond, and caused great grief
and irritation among that portion of the people of
America most strongly desirous of maintaining ami-
cable and friendly relations between their country
and England."
There you have his distinct allegation in
open Parliament, that the proclamation was
issued with unfriendly haste, which is one of
the very allegations on which we stand before
the tribunal at Geneva. That is stronger than
anything that has been said by us in this de-
bate. The Senator will have it that we are
making a case for another country. I do not
like to repeat that we are making a case only
to save our country from scandal.
It is melancholy to see the insensibility of
certain Senators on that subject. Is it from
indifference to the reform of the civil service ?
Is it that this great voice of reform now echo-
ing through the country is not welcome to
certain Senators? Why is it that an honest
effort to bring about purity in our Govern-
ment, and to save it from an offensive scan-
dal, is thus treated oil this floor?
Why does the Senator from Indiana set him-
self so constantly against it and seek to show
that while we are serving our country with
honest patriotism we are working for the for-
eigner ? The whole pretension is too ridicu-
lous—I wish to be parliamentary—it is too
ridiculous to be treated with respect. Who
does not know that Germany knows all that
we know ? Who does not know that Germany
would look upon the present proceeding, if
instituted, as a new homage to those princi-
ples by which our country would be elevated?
Sir, the German nation are not insensible to
character. They recognize the grace and the
virtue of honesty; and if they should see our
Government now seriously exerting itself to
rescue our good name from all possibility of
reproach, to save our Government from all
possibility of future embarrassment by a bad
precedent, can any one doubt that we should
have from them new honor? Sir, I covet that
honor for my country. But it would be a
strength as well as an honor.
Now, sir, having explained and vindicated
the preamble, I surrender it entirely to the
judgment of the Senate. Mv object is accom-
plished in the passage of the resolution of
inquiry, and the Senate is perfectly free to
dispose of the preamble as it thinks best. I
am willing that it should lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not debate the question of order, but he sim-
ply desires to read to the Senate the authority
of the Senate itself. On the 27th day of De-
cember, 1837, Mr. Calhoun submitted several
resolutions on the subject of slavery and ques-
tions cognate to it. Subsequently, six of
those resolutions were agreed to, and on the
12th of January, 1838, the seventh being under
consideration, a motion was made by Mr.
Preston " that the said resolution lie on the
table, which was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 35, nays 9." The motion was entertained,
and that resolution, after the others had been
agreed to, was laid on the table. They were
treated as one proposition, but divided by a
vote of the Senate, being a motion divisible in
its character.
Mr, EDMUNDS. 1 do not wish to occupy
