1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
same be laid before Congress for the action of that
body.
Vers7 respectfully, your obedient servant,
F. A. WALKER, Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Estimate of funds required to pay twelve Winnebago
Indians who have become citizens of the United
States under the ninth and tenth sections of the act
of Congress approved July 15,1870.
For the proportion of twelve persons, of $1,000,000
placed to the credit of said Indians on the books
of the Treasury, as per fourth article treaty No-
vember 1,1837; whole number of the tribe being
fifteen hundred and thirty-one persons... $7,838 01
For the proportion of twelve persons, of
$85,000 placed to the credit of said In-
dians on the books of the Treasury, as
per fourth article treaty October 13,1816;
whole number of the tribe being fifteen
hundred and thirty-one persons  666 23
For the proportion of twelve persons, of
$200,000 placed to the credit of said
Indians on the books of the Treasury,
being the amount in part taken from their
tribal funds to pay the expenses of their
removal from Minnesota, provided for in
public act No. 187, approved July 15,
1870  1,567 60
$10,071 84
And be it further provided, That the sum of
$2,517 96, heretofore appropriated, be paid to Aaron
L. Foyles, (a white man,) the father of the three
children of Sophia Foyles, a Winnebago Indian,
who died after declaring her intention of becoming
a citizen, and before her naturalization papers were
issued by the United States court.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate will perceive
that this is upon the recommendation of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, fortified by
the subsequent favorable report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. I imagine there is no
occasion to say more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I perceive that the
House of Represenatives, to whom this com-
munication was addressed, has not seen fit to
put these items in the bill; but of course that
is no argument against the proposition. The
ninth and tenth sections of the appropriation
bill of 1870 do provide, as is recited here,
that when these Indians do thus and so they
may become citizens and may have lands in
severalty, and that that shall not debar them
of their right to have their proportion of the
Indian trust funds, which the Secretary shall
ascertain and pay to them. These two sec-
tions therefore execute themselves, and there
is no need of any special legislation on the
subject, because the statute declares that when
the events occur out of which the separate
right of these Indians to take their share of
the funds shall arise, then the Secretary of the
Interior having these trust funds in charge
shall allot their share to them in severalty. If
my friend is right about tiie facts, it does not
therefore need any such long appropriation
amendment as this is to accomplish his pur-
pose. If he should merely offer an amend-
ment which would simply say " to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to execute the pro-
visions of the ninth and tenth sections of the
act of 1870," so that no person will acquire
by force of this bill a title to the specific
money, but it shall be still left in the charge
of the Secretary as an act of public adminis-
tration to ascertain and pay to these people
such money as they may be entitled to under
these two sections, I should not see any objec-
tion to it.
I move to amend the amendment, provided
the amendment is in order, (and I suppose the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions knows whether it is or not,) by striking it
all out, and inserting other matter so as to
make it read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry
into effect the ninth and tenth sections of the act ot
July 15, 1870, "making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment," &c„ in the manner therein provided, $10,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course, I am not par-
ticular how it is done. If the Senator from
Vermont prefers his own manner of dotting
his i's and crossing his t's, 1 shall not object;
but the amount is $10,071 84, if he is particu-
lar about the sum recommended by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. Substantially,
what the Senator suggests as an amendment
has been reported by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, who was acting on the estimates
before him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not particular about
having things my own way or dotting my i's
and crossing my t's, as the Senator from Min-
nesota says; but I am particular, if I am not
offensive in being so, in undertaking to protect
the money of the people and of these Indians
against improper dispositions. If in that re-
spect I incur the displeasure of my honorable
friend, (as I am sure I do not,) I am very
sorry. The difference between the amend-
ment which he proposes and the one which I
propose as a substitute for it I stated before,
and I will state it again for his benefit. In
the form that he proposes it certain specific
persons are declared to be entitled positively
to specific sums of money, and if they have
sold them out to any attorney or anybody
else, there is no help for it; the Secretary
of the Treasury has got to pay the money.
On the other hand, if the object be, as I
know it is on the part of my honorable friend,
merely to provide the means, if any further
means are necessary, as it is not, to enable
the Secretary of the Interior to execute these
two sections which have been referred to,
then let us say so, and that gives him and
the accounting officers of the Treasury the
same control over this public money to see
that it is justly administered that they have
over all the other appropriations. I think
thai is a pretty wide difference in respect to
the proper method of administering public
affairs. That is all I have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Theamendment, as amended, was agreed fo.
Mr. CALDWELL. I now call up my
amendment which was laid over informally.
The amendment was read as follows:
For fulfilling treaty obligations of the United
States with Wyandott Indians, as provided in the
thirteenth article of the treaty concluded February
23,1867, the following amounts ascertained to be due
by the board of commissioners appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior, as per their report dated
March 2, 1869, namely: money heretofore appro-
priated in fulfillment of treaty stipulations, but
transferred to the surplus fund. $3,844 69; taxes
unjustly collected by the territorial government
of Kansas in 1859 and 1860 to be refunded, $14,582 62;
to enable the Wyandotts to establish themselves in
their new home in the Indian territory, $5,000; in
all, $23,427 31, to be paid under the direction of the
President ot the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the honorable
Senator had modified the second item of
$14,000 to make it $11,000, according to the
treaty.
Mr. CALDWELL. I understood the Sen-
ator to make a motion of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I madethatsuggestion,and
I thought my friend accepted it. If not, I move
to strikeout " $14,000" and insert " $11,000."
My motion is to strike out the excess which
covers allowance of interest, because the Gov-
ernment of the United States does not pay
interest in its dealings with its own citizens,
and it should not, therefore, in its dealings with
these people, and to refund the principal pro-
vided for by treaty.
Mr. CALDWELL. I understand the Sen-
ator now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all my present
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas accept the modification?
Mr. CALDWELL. The principal amount
is $11,708 50.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I move to strike
out the first item of $3,844 69, which I ad-
dressed myself to a little while ago. I am
satisfied, on looking at the report upon which
these items are base$, that this $3,844 is
made up of old omissions under a former
treaty by the United States to provide quite
as much steel for a blacksmith or quite as
many goods for annuity as it was said they
ought; but does it appear on the books of the
Treasury that there was so much money left
that had not been spent for this purpose that
under the old treaty we agreed we would
spend? The parties meet together, settle all
their affairs, enter into a new business treaty
which plainly condones and wipes out any old
claim which these Indians may have had in
that little driblet that was left over of unde-
livered goods. I believe my friend from
Kansas is satisfied that this view is correct.
Mr. CALDWELL. I stated to the Senator
from Vermont that I would agree to modify
the amendment as he suggests, not admitting,
however, that the amount has ever been paid
! to the Indians. He states himself that the
amount has never been paid, and he thinks it
ought not to be paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say whether
the amount- had ever been paid or not. I say,
assuming for the purpose of this argument that
it was not paid, it was plainly waived and
merged in the new treaty.
Mr. CALDWELL. I accept the modifica-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL. I have another amend-
ment :
For this amount, $20,000, to assist the Peoria, Kas-
kaskia, Wea, and Piankeshaw Indians to establish
themselves in their now homo, (the said amount to
be taken from the invested funds of said confeder-
ated tribes,) in accordance with the stipulations
contained in the twenty-tourth article of the treaty
with these Indians and other tribes of Indians of
February 23,1867, (Statutes, vol. 15, page 159,) $20,000.
This appropriation is recommended by the
Department, and has been considered by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and I have been
instructed to report the amendment.
By the treaty of 18G7 it is provided that
there be paid to these Indians per capita on
the 1st day of July, 1868, the sum of $30,000,
to assist them in establishing themselves upon
their new homes ; and at any time thereafter,
upon application from the chiefs of .these
tribes, when in their opinion an additional sum
may be necessary to assist in improving their
new homes, the appropriation shall be made
from their invested funds. The chiefs have
made the application in accordance with the
terms of the treaty ; it has been approved by
the local Indian agent and by the general
superintendentof Indian affairs. This amend-
ment simply takes $20,000 from the large in-
vested fund of these tribes for the purpose of
assisting them in building houses and fences,
and otherwise improving their farms.
There are only about two hundred of these
Indians in the Indian territory, and they are
making great progress in civilization, and they
are doing a great deal toward getting improved
farms, and it was thought wise that this ap-
propriation should be made; that is, that they
should be permitted to take from their invested
funds the amount of $20,000 and apply it ia
this way. The whole subject has been fully
considered by the Department, and I will send
up to the desk to be read some letters in regard
to it.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection
to it. ...
Mr. CALDWELL. If there is any objec-
tion to the appropriation let the report which
I send up be read ; but if there is not, I do not
wish it to be read.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Let it be read.
Mr. COLE. I think the amendment has
not been referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and they have had no opportunity to
examine it.
