2192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. CALDWELL. It has been recom-
mended by the Department, and I have been
directed by the Committee on Indian Affairs
to offer it.
Mr. COLE. It calls for an appropriation,
and I must raise the point of order upon it,
that it may be examined in connection with
trontioci
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. I believe I have the floor, and
if I have, I should like to proceed.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the point of
order settled before the Senator goes on. He
cannot debato the amendment until that ques-
tion is settled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California raises the point of order that
the provision of the rule requiring an amend-
ment to be referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations one day beforehand has not been
complied with. If that be so, the Chair will
sustain the point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. There is something to be
said upon that point. In the first place, this
amendment does not require to be submitted
to the Committee on Appropriations at all, for
it makes no appropriation. It only takes the
Indians' money, which is already their money,
and tells the Department how it shall be used.
Secondly, tho amendment is recommended
by the head of a Department, and on that
account does not need to go to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. All amendments asking for
new appropriations, or making appropriations
of money, mustgoto the Committee on Appro-
priations, and if I understood the reading
of this amendment, it appropriates $20,000
out of funds in the Treasury now to a band of
Indians in the southern part of Kansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will read the rule:
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
th*y are offered:, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation bills
shall be referred to the said committee."
The Chair understands that this amendment
has not been so referred.
. Mr. POMEROY. The point I make is that
it has been recommended by the head of a
Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kansas raises the point that it is not
an appropriation. That is a question of fact.
Mr. POMEROY. It is an appropriation in
one sense. It enables the Secretary of the
Interior to take this much of the money of
these Indians which is invested and pay it to
them this year over and above their regular
interest. That is what it does; but being
recommended by the head of a Department,
and coming directly from a Department, it
does not need to be sent to the Committee on
Appropriations at all.
Mr. COLE. There is no doubt that it is a
new item of appropriation ooming directly
within the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. The rule says that all
amendments recommended by committees
must, one day before being otfered, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations;
but if the amendment comes straight from
the Department, it does not need to go to the
committee one day beforehand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Kansas that this
proposition is a new item of appropriation, as
the Chair understands. That is the point
raised by the Senator from California. If it is
a new item of appropriation, the rule clearly
requires that it shall be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. Not if it does not come
from a committee. AH appropriations rec-
ommended by a committee must go to the
Commit tee on Appropriations. If this amend-
ment had come simply from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, they should, under the rule,
one day before offering it in the Senate, refer
it to the Committee on Appropriations. But
if it comes directly from the Department it
does not need to be referred one day before-
hand, or if it is to carry out an existing law
or treaty it does'not need to be referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Caldwell] stated in presenting tho
amendment that he reported it and was in-
structed to report it from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, a standing committee of the
Senate. Therefore, as it is an amendment
from a committee, and as it proposes to make
a new item of appropriation, the Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senator
from California.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to state in my
own vindication that I inquired of older Sen-
ators whether it was necessary to refer the
amendment to the_ Committee on Appropria-
tions, and they said they thought not under
the ruk. The amendment is recommended
by the Committee on Indian Affairs and by
the head of the Department.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I rise to a question of
order. The Chair has already decided that
the amendment is out of order, and therefore
debate upon it is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order raised by the Senator from South
Carolina is well taken.
Mr. POMEROY. This is of no conse-
quence except as a precedent. I want to
read the rule, and let us see what we are
doing. This rule is an amendment to the
general rule of the Senate, and was adopted
two years ago. Formerly it had been cus-
tomary in this body for the Committee on
Finance, before we had a Committee on
Appropriations, to take charge of the appro-
priation biils; and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance complained that commit-
tees moved amendments on apjiropriation
bills of which he had no notice; that when
an appropriation bill was before the Senate
the other committees would move amend-
ments of which the Committee on Finance
had no notice, so that they could not success-
fully controvert them and had no knowledge
on the subject. Hence we amended the thir-
tieth rule by adding this language :
" AU amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
now items of appropriations, shall, one day before
they are offered, be roferred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
That was to give the Committee on Appro-
priations one day's notice of all amendments
to be offered from other committees. That is
all there is in that. Then the last clause is:
"And all general appropriation bills shall be
roferred to the said committee."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Senator
mean to say that the rule justifies an individ-
ual Senator in moving an amendment without
referring it to that committee?
Mr. POMEROY. Not unless it comes regu-
larly from the head ofa Department. If it comes
from the head of a Department, or if it is to
carry out a treaty, or it it is to carry out a pro-
vision of the law, we can do it, as you will see
from the language of the rule:
"No amendment proposing additional appropri-
ation shall be received to any general appropriation
bill unless it be made to carry out the provisions
of some existing law "—
Any Senator may move an amendment of
that sort—
" or some act or resolution previously passed by
the Senate during that session
Any Senator can movg an amendment of
that sort—
"or moved by direction of a standing or select
committee of the Senate"—
Now comes the clause covering this case—
"or in pursuance of an estimate from the head of
some of the Departments."
Any Senator can move ail amendment of
that sort.
" And no amendment shall be received whose
object is to provide for a private claim, unless it be
to carry out the provisions of an existing law or a
treaty stipulation."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, if my
honorable friend has observed it, the uniform
rule has been this, and it is not only the spirit
of the rule, but it is the letter of the rule
also: an amendment cannot be moved at all
unless it falls within a certain condition of
things. It must be in pursuance of a. treaty,
or an obligation of law, a recommendation of
the Department, or of a standing committee,
and in neither case shall that be done unless
notice thereof has been given to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, this is not intended to be an
appropriation out of the Treasury proper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are not dis-
cussing that question at all. Iam simplyreply-
ing to the honorable Senator from Kansas, who
says it is not necessary that notice should be
given unless the proposition comes from a
standing committee.
Mr. HARLAN. On the point of order I have
nothing to say, but I hope it will be waived.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not raise
the point of order. I simply say that my hon-
orable friend from Kansas is clearly wrong in
the interpretation he gives to the rule, and the
Chair is clearly right.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair agrees with
me on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaii
will remind the Senator from Kansas that he
stated that his colleague was instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to present the
amendment. Therefore it is a report from a
committee, and it comes clearly within the rule
requiring one day's notice to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. On that state of facts I do
not dispute the decision of the Chair. If the
Committee on Indian Affairs report this amend-
ment, then it should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations; but while that is
true or may be true—I do not know whether
it is or not—the amendment does come directly
from the Department, and therefore it would
be in order if the Committee on Indian Affairs
never reported it at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not rule oil that point.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course the Chair did
not, because if he did, he would have sus-
tained me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise no ques-
tion about it.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with the ruling
of the Chair so far as amendments-reported
from committees are concerned.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire that the Senate
may understand distinctly what this amend-
ment is. The language of the amendment i-s
as follows:
J?or this amount to assist tho Peoria, Kaskaskia,
Wea, and Piankeshaw Indians to establish them-
selves in their new homes, (the said amount to bo
taken from, the invested fund of said confederated
tribes.) in accordanco with the stipulations con-
tained in the twenty-fourth article of the treaty
with these and other tribes of Indians of B'ebruary
23,1867, $20,000.
This money is not in the Treasury. It has
been invested in bonds, and this is not directly
an appropriation.
Mr. POMEROY. Now I move this amend-
ment as one recommended by the head of a
Department in the language which has been
read by the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas now moves this amendment
as coming from the head of a Department.
The Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let tho amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
For this amount to assist the Peoria, Kaskaskia,
