1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2193
Wea, and Piankeshaw Indiana to establish them-
selves in their new homes, (the said amount to be
token from the invested fund of said confederated
tribes.) in accordance with the stipulations con-
tained in tlie twenty-fourth article of the treaty
with these and other tribes of Indians of February
23,1867, $20,000. ^
Mr. THURMAN. Is that amendment
moved by the Indian Committee?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; I move it.
Mr. THURMAN. How comes it here,
then ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that it is recommended by tlie
head of a Department.
Mr. POMEROY. I move it as recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Interior, and
as coming from him.
Mr. THURMAN. Has it ever been before
the Indian Committee?
Mr. POMEllOY. It has.
Mr. THURMAN. Why did not that com-
mittee offer it?
Mr. POMEROY. Because they neglected
to give one day's notice to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. CORBETT. It was agreed upon by the
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee agreed
to it, but technically under the rule, not hav-
ing given one day's notice to the Committee
on Appropriations, it was not in order; and so
I move it now under another provision of the
rule.
Mr. THURMAN. When is the committee
bound to give notice?
Mr. POMEROY. Underthe ruleallamend-
ments from committees shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and the Committee on
Indian Affairs neglected to refer this amend-
ment one day beforehand.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to ask
the honorable Senator whether he puts the
heads of Departments above the committees
of the Senate in this matter or any other? I
ask if it, is not as necessary that they should
give notice of propositions of amendments as
well as committees? Is there not the same
propriety and the same necessity that they
should do it as that committees of the Senate
should give one day's notice ?
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to discuss
the propriety of the rale. I have stated the
rule, and the Chair has sustained the amend-
ment. I do not discuss whether the rule is
right or wrong.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The rule does not say
that they shall have that power at all. They
are not mentioned iu the rule. The rule pre-
sumes that all propositions of amendment on
appropriation bills come front committees.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know the state
of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. COLE. We are appropriating money
to pay interest to these Indians, the Kaskas-
kias, Weas, Peorias, and Piankeshaws, from
year to year. Certainly there is a provision
of that kind in this bill. On page 69 of the
bill I read as follows :
For payment of interest on certain abstracted
and non-paying State stocks belonging to various
Indian tribes, and held in trust by the Secretary ot
the Interior, for the fiscal year ending June30,1872.
Then comes these Indians whose names I
have mentioned, and one item is:
For interest on the Kaskaskias, Weas, Peorias,
and Piankeshaws' school fund, $1,449.
I do not know what particular form this
indebtedness is in.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, perhaps the letters of the Sec-
retary of the Interior and of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, which I have here, will throw
light on those points.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know whether
this is their school fund that we are now tak-
ing and paying over to them to be used lor
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 138.
permanent improvements upon their reserva-
tions or lands. I should like to know what
sort of a fund it is.
Mr. HARLAN. These letters may throw
some light on that subject.
Mr. COLE. Certainly we do not want to
appropriate to pay them the interest on cer-
tain non-paying State stocks and then appro-
priate the principal of those stocks for per-
manent improvements, and least of all do we
wish to do that if it is in the form of a school
fund to aid in their education. I suppose
these are old State stocks; stocks perhaps of
the rebel States lhat have ceased to bear inter-
est, and the United States now, with unheard-
of generosity, is paying the interest from year
to year on these old State stocks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. There seems to be a mis-
apprehension about it, and I therefore ask to
have the letter of the Secretary and the Com-
missioner read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letters :
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. 0., March 7,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith aoopy
of a report from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
dated the 5th instant, together with the accom-
panying papers, including on estimate ot $20,000,
required to aid the Senecas, Mixed Senecas, Sliaw-
nees, and Quapaws, and the confederated bands of
Peorias, Kaskaskias. <tc., in carrying on their indus-
trial pursuits in the Indian territory ; this amount
to be taken from their invested fund and paid to
them in accordance with treaty stipulations, (bee
Slututes-at-Laige, vol. 15. p. 519.)
The Commissioner states fully the reasons why
this appropriation is requested, and the accom-
panying papers give evidence ot' the industry ot the
Indians referred to, 1 therefore respectfully recom-
mend that the matter receive the favorable consid-
eration of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO,
Secretary of the Interior,
Hon. James G. Blainb,
Speaker Uouee of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian A*,i<,airs1
Washington, D. C„ March 5,1872.
Sir: The twenty-fourth article of the treaty of
February 23,1867, with the Senecas, Mixed Senecas
and Shawnees, Quapaws, Confederated Peorias,
Kaskaskias, Weas, and Piankeshaws, Ofetawas ot
Blanchard's l^ork and Roche de Boeuf, and certain
Wyandotts, (Statute, vol. 15, page 519,) m its relation
to the interests of the Peorias, Kaskaskiaa, Weas,
and Piankeshaws, provides that there shall be taken
from the invested funds of these Indians, and paid
to tnem, per capita, on the 1st of July, 18o8, the sum
of $30,000, to assist them in establishing themselves
upon their new homes; and that at any time there-
after, when the chiefs shall represent to thesatisfac-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior that an addi-
tional sum is necessary, such sum may also be taken
from the invested fund of the tribe. . ,
I now have the honor to present copies, in dupli-
cate, of a petition from the chiefs ox the tribe con-
cerned in this matter, asking that, in accordance
with the above p-ovisions ot the treaty, the addi-
tional sum of $20,000 be appropriated, to enable their
people further to improve and enlarge their tarms,
and surround themselves generally with the condi-
tions of civilized life. .
I also inclose copies of letters from Superintendent
Hoagand AgcntGibson on the same subject, recom-
mending that the prayer of the petitioners be favor-
ably considered. . . ,
These Indians, numbering about, two hundred
persons, were removed from Kansas m 1808 to t&eir
present homes in the Indian territory, and have
smcc been actively engaged in building houses, pro-
viding schools for their children, opening farms, ana
otherwise preparing tor their lature comfort and
prosperity, so far as the means at their disposal
would permit. To carry on this work they now ask
that the sum of $20,000 be taken from their invested
fund and paid to them in accordance with treaty stip-
ulations; and I am not aware of any reason why
their petition should not be complied with.
I inclose herewith an estimate for the amount re-
quired, and respectfully ask that the same be laid
before Congress, with the request that an appropria-
tion be made in accordance therewith.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
F. A. WAliKiili,
Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
from Iowa, referring to the provision m this
twenty-fourth article of the treaty of 1867,
which declares—
"That there shall be taken from the said investod
fund"—
Referring to an invested fund mentioned in
an earlier part of the article—
"and paid to the said tribe, per capita, on the let
of July, 1868, the sum of $30,000 to assist them in
establishing themselves upon their new homos; and
at any time thereafter, when the chiefs shall repre-
sent to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior that an additional sum is necessary, such sum
may be takon from their invested fund; And pro-
vided also, That the said invested fund shall besub-
ject to such division and diminution as may be found
necessary in order to pay those who may become cit-
izens, their share of the funds of the tribo"—
I wish to ask my friend from Iowa whether
this sum of $30,000 has been paid to assist
them already?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it has. I think ifc
is named iu the letter of the Secretary of the
interior as having been paid heretofore, and
he communicates to Congress a petition of
the Indians requesting an additional amount of
$20,000 in pursuance of the provisions of
that section of the treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
anieudment read again, so a3 to be sure that
it conforms to this provision.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Blair, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Clayton, Corbelt, Cragin, Ferry of'Michigan, Freling-
1 uysen, Harian, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of
taine, Puineroy, Pratt, liuuisey, Stevenson, Stewart,
Suuiner* Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull, We.^t, Win-
dom, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Alcorn, Cole. Davis of West Vir-
ginia, EdmumU, Feiry ot Connecticut, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, liobertson, Saulsbury, Sciiurz,
and Vickertj—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames Anthony. Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Oonkliug, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Fenton, Flanagan, Goldtbwaite, Hamlin, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pool, Itice, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Spiague, Stockton, and Wilson—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAIILAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted as an additional section:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to expend for the removal of
the Winnebago Indians in Wisconsin from their
present homes in that State to the Winnebago res-
ervation in Nebraska, or to such other location as
may be selected for them, and for their subsistence
during such ronioval and at their new homes, the
sum of $3(5,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, appropriated by the act of July 15,18/0, for
the removal ot stray bands of Pottawattomies and
Winnebagoes from Wisconsin to the tribes to which
they respectively belong."
This is not an original appropriation of
money; it was appropriated last year, and is
now at the disposal of the Department. But
the Governor of Wisconsin had an interview
with the Secretary of the Interior, and com-
municated to him the fact, which I think
the Secretary had learned from some other
source, that there was a difficulty in relocating
these Indians at the points named in the law
of last year, and it is believed they can be lo-
cated satisfactorily at some other points. This
amendment merely changes the phraseology
of the law, to enable the Department to locate
them at the point named in the law of last
year or elsewhere at a satisfactory point.
Mr. COLE. But it is a new appropriation,
most assuredly, the way it reads.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be read again, and
the Senator will perceive that it is not a new
appropriation.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment. _
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will perceive
that it recites the fact that this money was
appropriated last year, and it is to enable the
Department to locate them elsewhere it it
should be unable to locate them at the points
named last year. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not appropriated
for this purpose, and this is therefore a new
appropriation.
Mr. HARLAN. It was appropriated to
remove stray bands of Pottawatomie and
Winnebago Indians. The phraseology may
be a little different.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should thtnk it was.
