1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3985
paired with my colleague, Mr. Acker, who,
if here, would vote l'ay," while I should
vote "no."
Mr. CROCKER. I am paired with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Sherwood.
If he were present he would vote in the affirm-
ative, and f should vote in the negative.
Mr. DICKEY. I am paired with my col-
league, Mr. Randall, upon all party ques-
tions; and this question has assumed that
shape. 1 ask to be excused from voting upon
this vote and during all the rest of this filibus-
tering.
Mr. BURDETT. I am paired with the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Williams. As
this matter is taking a party turn, I therefore
refrain from voting.
Mr. McJUNIilN. I am paired with my
colleague, Mr. McClelland. If he were pres-
ent he would vote "ay," while I should vote
" no."
Mr. McKEB. As this is really political
filibustering, I desire to state that I am paired
with the gentleman from New York, Mr. W.
It. Roberts, who, if here,"would vote "ay,"
while I should vote " no."
Mr. STEVENSON. I have been requested
by the gentleman from New York, Mr. Cox,
to state that he is confined to his room by
eerious illness, supposed to be pleuro-pneu-
monia.
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague, Mr.
Robixson, is detained from his seat to-day by
sickness
Mr. HIBBARD. My colleague, Mr. Par-
ker, is absent from his seat to-day on accouut
of indisposition.
Mr. BIRD. I have been requested by the
gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. Davis, to
announce that on all questions of this kind he
is paired with the gentleman from Georgia,
Mr. Speer. The gentleman from West Vir-
ginia, if here, would vote "ay," while the
gentleman from Georgia would vote "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference merely.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
I ask unanimous consent for the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] to make a state-
ment to the House.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. DICKEY. I will not. I do not care
about hearing either the gentleman from New
York or the gentleman from Massachusetts
make speeches.
Mr. WOOD. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that when I want consent
to make a speech I will ask it for myself. I
do not desire the gentleman to ask unanimous
consent for me.
Mr. BUTLBIl, of Massachusetts. I only
made the request in accordance with my
promise.
Mr DICKEY. That is the reason I ob-
jected, because I knew the gentleman had
promised.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] that when the House adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. DICKEY. Pending that, 1 move that
the House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order.
The question was taken on Mr. Wood's
amendment; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 9, nays 104, not voting 127; as
follows:
YEAS—Jlessrs. Ambler, Caldwell, Criteher, Eld-
red go, Morphis, Packard, JJdward Y. Rice, Stevens,
and Whitthnrnc—9.
KA'yS—-Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks. ISarry,
Boatty. Beveridse, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Buckley, Buffinton, Jiurehard, Benjamin F. Butler,
Koderiok R. Butler. Cobb, Cobufn, Coghlan, Conger,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 250.
Cotton, Darrall. Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Bunnell,
Barnes, Elliott, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder
1). Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, Ha.lsey,
Harmer, George E.Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W.
Hazeiton, John W. Hazeiton, Hill, Hoar, Kelley,
Kellogg, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Cormick, McCrary, MeGrew, Mereur, Merriain,
Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Packer,
Palmer, Is&ac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis II.
Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Taffe, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, TwicheH, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls,
Whiteley, Wiliard, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Young—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer,
Arthur, Barber, Barnum, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird,
James G. Blair, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Brooks,
Burdett, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Comingo, Con-
ner, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Crocker. Crossiand, Davis,
De Large, Dickey, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Ely,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Gidding, Golladay, Griffith, Halde-
inan, Hainbleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Har-
per, John T. Harris, Havens, Hays, Hereford,
Ilerndon, Hibbard, Ilolman, Hooper, Houghton,
Kendall, Kerr. Ketcham, Killinger, King, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McCleiland, McIIenry, Mclntyre, MeJunkin, Mc-
Kee, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers. Mitchell, Morgan, Negley, Niblack, Orr,
Ho^ea W. Parker, Eii Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Potter, Price, Randall, Read, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers,
Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sessions, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Snapp, R.
Milton Speer, Starkweather. Storm, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Terry, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Warren, Wells. Wheeler, Williams of New
York, Winchester, and Wood—127.
So the motion to adjourn until Friday next
was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. CROCKER stated that he was paired
with Mr. Sherwood, who would vote in the
affirmative, while he would vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. BARRY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Vaughan, who would vote in the affirm-
ative, while he would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
ninth census
Mr. HAZELTON", of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a resolution
lor the publication of the compendium of the
ninth census, for the purpose of having it
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no quorum
voting.
supervision of elections.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motiou to adjourn ; on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The Clerk proceeded with the calling of the
roll.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rose before the Clerk
commenced to call the roll for the purpose of
moving that there be a call of the Mouse.
The SPEAKER. When less than a quorum
is piesent no motion can be entertained except
a motion to adjourn or a motion that there be
a call of the House, and consequently a motion
to adjourn would take precedence. The gen-
tleman is therefore out of order, and the Clerk
will proceed with the call of the roll.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be entertained.
The gentleman is entirely and clearly out of
order in attempting to interrupt a roll-call.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rose before ihe Chair
made that decision, and I wish it to be dis-
tinctly understood.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 83, not
voting 55; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Banks, Barnum, Beck. Bell, <Beyendge,
Bigirs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Biair, Braxton,
Bright, Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Car-
roll, Comitieo, Connor, Crobs. Criteher, Crossiand,
Dawes, Dickey, Dox, Da Bose, Duke, Eldredgo.
Ely, Farnsworth. Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D
Foster, Garrett, (biddings, GoMaday. Hale, Hamble-
ton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T.
Harris, Hay, Herndon, Hibbard, Holraan, Kelley,
Kellogg. Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Lewis,
Lynch, .Manson, Marshall. McHenry, Mclntyre,Mc-
Neely, Merrick, Morgan, Morphis, Negley, Niblack,
Aaron P. Perry. Peter3, Potter, Price, Read, Edward
Y. Bice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Sion H. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sargent. Shober, Shoemaker, Slater,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
R.Milton Speer, Thomas J.Speer, Stevens, Strong,
Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Waddell, Warren, Wells,
Whitelev, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Wiu-
chester.Wood, and Young—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham,
Buckley, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Darrall,
Donnan, Duell, Eames, Elliott, Farwell. Charles Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich,
Harmer, George E.Harris, Hawley, Gerry W.IIazel-
ton, John W. Hazeiton, Hill, Hoar. Ketcbam, Lam-
port, Lowe. Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, Mereur,
Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Poland, Prindle, Rainey,Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer. Seofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Sheliabarger, H. Boardman Smith-. Snyder,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Turner. Twieheli, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Walls, Wiliard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, B/irber, Barry,
Boies, Burdett, Clarke, Coghlan, Cox,Creely,Crock-
er, Davis, De Large, Bunnell, Getz, Griffith, Halde-
rnan, Halsey", Haven's, Hays," Hereford. Hooper,
Houghton. Killinger, Kinseila, Lansing, Leach. Mc-
Clelland, McCormick, MeJunkin, McKee, McKin-
ney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Hoeea W. Par-
ker, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Randall, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Seeley, Sherwood,
Sloss, Snapp, Starkweather, Storm, Sutherland,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Tuthill,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Wheeler, and Williams of New
York—55.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to. *
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SLOSS. I am paired with my colleague,
Mr. Hays. If he were here he would vote
li no," and I would vote "ay."
Pending the announcement of the vote on
the motion to adjourn,
leave to print.
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky, byunanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to have printed in the
Globe remarks on the civil rights bill. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on the bill to increase the pensions
of certain persons. [See Appendix.]
Mr. ELLIOTT, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on the financial condition of South
Carolina. [See Appendix.]
Mr. COBUliN asked unanimous consent
to have printed in the Globe remarks on the
Ku Kiux bill.
Mr. POLAND. I object to leave being
given to any gentleman to print remarks on
that bill.
Mr. STOWELL. by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on the financial condition of Vir-
ginia. [See Appendix.]
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. HAZELTON, of New
Jersey, by unanimous consent, leave was given
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of William Pierpont.
On motion of Mr. McCRARY, by unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House papers in the cases
of CarlEpping and 0. B. Phillips.
On motion of Mr. WHITTHORNE, by
unanimous consent, leave was given to with-
draw from the files of the House the papers in
the case of J. C. Hill, of Virginia.
On motion of Mr. McGRE W, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case
of John Spangler.
leave of absence.
Byunanimous consent,
Mr. LEACH obtained leave of absence
until the end of the session.
Mr. GRIFFITH obtained leave of absence
mitil the end of the session.
Mr. PERCE, I demand the regular oider.
