1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
from Massachusetts for sagacity and ability
than to suppose that he does not see the scope
and tenor and object of this debate. I have
coming to me from a)l parts of this country
newspapers from almost every State in the
Union, and how do they regard it? How
do the people of the country regard it? As
a political debate involving the question^ of
the nomination of President of the United
States.
The only thing upon which this debate could
hang ia the preamble. This resolution, which
was the pending proposition, would have been
passed at once without the preamble. That
contains various allegations. And now I have
examined to some extent the records of the
Senate ; I have examined to some extent the
records of the proceedings of the other House,
and I have been able to find no parallel to
such a proceeding as this in the history of
this country nor in the Parliament of Great
Britain, where a committee of investigation
sought for by any member of a political body
was ushered in by a preamble or resolution
affirming the truth of the very things to be
investigated. I have participated more or
less in such investigations, and I believe they
are useful agcncies, but always they have been
instituted on the motion of some Senator,
stating that he has reason to believe that such
an officer has violated his public duty, or that
such a transaction has occurred which is not
in accordance with law, and either asking
information from the Executive Departments
as to the truth or falsehood of these allega-
tions, or elae offering a resolution instituting
inquiry, by a committee, into the truth of the
alleged facts. But here the affirmation of the
facts themselves is placed in the front of the
whole investigation ; and that has created all
the trouble.
I wish now to see this proceeding come to an
end. 1 expect to see the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, himself the chief accuser, the chief
arraigner, who has held this Senate for throe
weeks in debate, and lias done it to-night in
violation of the rules of order, the foreman of
the grand jury of inquest into the conduct of
the officers of the Government. Let it he so.
I, for one, will not shield any officer of this
Government from this inquiry. Let, it go on ;
but let him not think that the people of this
country arc deceived as to the object or pur-
pose of this inquiry; they all know what it
involves.
After the resolution had been passed, after
everything that anybody expected to pass had
been voted for by an almost unanimous vole
of this body, when nothing was left except this
red flag flaunted in our faces, a proposition
that 1 believe not three members of the Senate
would vote for, or more than three after the
debate that has occurred, the oldest member of
this body—1 believe not the oldest in con-
secutive service, but the one who has been
here longest and who has occupied the chair
of Vice President of the United States—in
order to put an end to this discussion, made
the only non-debatable motion recognized by
our rules, the motion to lay on the table—
which is a motion of rejection—for the very
purpose of putting an end to this debate. After
that, it still goes on and on, like the man with
the cork leg spoken of in the song, who never
could stop, or like the Wandering Jew who,
for eighteen hundred and forty years, has been
wandering over the face of the earth. This
debate cannot be stopped ; there is no power
to stop it; a motion to adjourn will not stop
it; no power under heaven can stop it.
In the mean time the business of this coun-
try must wait; all your twenty thousand rebels
in the South whom some Senators are so anx-
ious to pardon must wait; the interests of the
country must wait; the House of Represent-
atives must wait; your appropriation bills
must wait, and there is 110 end to this discus-
sion. Sir, under the rule as now established
I can arrest on any bill the action of this body
for forty days ; and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, the oldest member of this body in
consecutive service, is the agent by which this
disorder is brought about. You have one rule
here passed to bring an end to discussion by
which, when a Senator or a committee pro-
poses an amendment to an appropriation bill,
a motion may be made to lay that amendment
on the table, and the vote must be taken with-
out debate; but any Senator according to this
new device may raise a point of order upon
laying the amendment on the table, may rise
to debate that point of order, and in doing it
may debate the amendment itself, the bill
itself, and all the world at large. So there is
no end to discussion.
I miglit go on here and read the ten com-
mandments, the Lord's prayer, the Koran, all
the documents that have been produced from
France, and there is nobody who can stop me
till I am tired. There is no way to put an end
to it. With due deference, while it may be
the fault of the rules, it seems to me there is
a great deal of fault in the logic of the proceed-
ing. I have regarded them from the very be-
ginning as a mere political movement. I have
been ready to vote for it, anxious to vote for
it, determined not to be driven into saying
anything about it, and now the Senator from
Massachusetts will not let us have a vote 011
the preamble itself.
Mr. SUMNER. I am anxious to have a
vote; I have been for half an hour. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. SHERMAN. How modest my friend
is, how reasonable he is after speaking him-
self——
Mr. SUMNER. I was ready for a vote
weeks ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. After speaking in this
matter for four or five or six or seven or eight
times—I do not know how often; after intro-
ducing it, starting off in an elaborate speech
of hours and hours 
Mr. CONKLING. Seven columns in the
Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Globe is so ponder-
ous that you can hardly count it. And now,
when he has reached the point that his reso-
lution is adopted and only the preamble is
left, he desires lo withdraw it himself; he
desires to take it out of the way, and taking
the red flag out of the arena, to fold it up and
bring it in perhaps to-morrow or the next day
on some other proposition. Now, when I
insist upon having a vote 011 this preamble to
see how many members of the Senate will
condemn these officers of the Government in
advance of the investigation, he still goes on;
the rules of the Senate do not stop him ; there
is no end to this debate.
Mr. President, if 1 desired to punish the
Senate a little after having been silent so long,
I am in good condition to read a great variety
of documents. I might go on under your
rule from this time until to-morrow morning
and compel you to adjourn, and continue this
debate one week longer. Three weeks of this
session have passed away; this ^3 nearly the
last day of the third week of this debate.
What has come of it. Did not everybody
know in advance the vote that would be had?
What interest has been subserved? Has
General Grant been affected? Has anything
touched his honor or his character, his honesty
or his capacity ? No fair-minded man can say
that. Has anything affectcd the character of
the Secretary of War? My honorable friend
from Missouri relieves him from all fault or
blame or fraud. Has anything reflected ujjon
the Secretary of the Treasury, the custodian
of the money of the people? There is some-
thing said about discrepancy of accounts, but
110 man accuses him of wrong. Who has been
arraigned ? A subordinate officer for the sale
of your ordnance. Is that the game we have
been aiming at for three long weeks? I must
confess that this whole investigation, this whole
debate, this whole proceeding, exsept as a
political arraignment to affect the popular
mind as to the nomination of the President,
has been without cause and without fruit.
Let me say that you, sir, and these Senators
and the members of the House of Represent-
atives are the only people in the United States
that have no right to say who shall be the
next President. It is constitutionally declared
that we cannot be electors of President and
Vice President. The popular opinion has
always pointed to congressional interference
in a presidential nomination with hate and
obloquy. Since the nomination of Crawford
in 1824, congressional caucuses for presiden-
tial nominations have ceased to exist.
We have been debating as to whether Grant
shall be nominated. We have no power to
decide the question, or even to vote upon it.
That is a question for the people to decide;
and there is, I say to Senators, in the minds
of the plain, homely people scattered on the
farms and in the shops, and among the mer-
chants and business men of this great country
of ours, a feeling that we have been attending
to their business and not ours. Our business
is to pass laws; theirs is to make Presidents;
and when we spend three weeks of the time of
the Senate in order to control the nomination
of a President, we take from the people money
which they expend for other purposes and for
other uses.
Sir, I hope from this time until the end of
the session we shall have no more President-
making, we shall have no more political debate
except that which arises in the ordinary course
of the disposition of public measures; that
we may go on and discharge our duty, and I
for one promise you that unless driven to it
by some such condition as we are now in, I
will not participate in it directly or indirectly.
Now, if there is any way for the Senate to get
out of the hobble and bring about a vote, I
trust some one will point it out, and that we
shall close this matter this evening.
Mr. CARPENTER. I inquire if it is in
order to move to lay this appeal on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr, CARPENTER. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read from Cashing's Manual:
" When an appeal from the decision of the Pre-
siding Officer is laid on the table, the decision of
the Presiding Offioer stands as the decision of the
House."
Mr. HILL. The motion is not debatable, I
believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
question is on the motion to lay the appeal on
the table.
The _ motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—-ayes 32, noes 7.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appeal is
laid on the table. The question now recurs
on the motion to lay the preamble on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion is not debat-
able; but I repeat the question which I inter-
posed some time ago, as to whether I can with-
draw the preamble?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont demands the yeas and nays
upon the question of laying the preamble on
the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that motion of mine complied with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is before
the Senate; but the Senator from Massachu-
setts has risen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a debatable
question.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to debate
it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not yet heard whether the Senator from
