3986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
The vote on the motion to adjourn was then
announced as above recorded.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petitions of citizens
of Alleghany City, requesting that Hester Yost,
daughter of Peter Yost, be put on the pension-
list.
Also, the petition of Martin Feel, of Schuyl-
kill county, Pennsylvania, to obtain a pen-
sion.
By Mr. STORM: The memorial of William
A. Brodhead and Dr. P. M. Bush, and 59
others, citizens of Monroe county, Pennsyl-
vania, protesting against any change in the
Constitution of the United States so as to
allow a person of foreign birth to be made
President of the United States, and that such
change is not demanded by the people.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 29, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with, in order that
we may have a little more time for the morn-
ing business.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. As soon
as there is a quorum present I will not ob-
ject.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from
Maryland objects, of course that takes me
off my feet.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
until a quorum is present; as soon as a quo-
rum is present I will withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not understand the Senator to object.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It may be
that I shall have no objection if I hear the bill
read which the Senator desires to take up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland withdraws the objection and
the reading of the Journal is dispensed with.
iieiks op alexander watson.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to take up a
bill that has passed the Senate once, has
passed the House, and has been reported by
every committee to which it was ever referred
favorably. In my absence the other day the
bill was referred to the Committee on Claims.
1 have no doubt it was done in ignorance of
the fact that there is a printed report of that
committee here in favor of this identical bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that he sug-
gested when he presented the bill that it was
a private bill, ana that the Senator from Ohio
desired to have it passed, but the Senator was
not in the Chamber at the moment, and some
Senator said " Let it be referred." The Chair
did not know that it was accompanied by a
report, or he would have presented that to
the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I now move to discharge
the Committee on Claims from the further
consideration of the bill, and that it be put on
its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be done
by unanimous consent. If there be no objec-
tion, the Committee on Claims will be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I will state that this bill
has been reported upon favorably three times
in the Senate, once by Mr. Silas Wright, again
by Judge Butler, of South Carolina, and then
a report was made from the Committee ou
Claims by Mr. Wiiley, and it passed the Sen-
ate unanimously after its merits were fully
explained at the last Congress. It has now
passed the House without objection, I believe,
and there is an elaborate report of the com-
mittee of the House in its favor. I hope the
bill will be passed at once. Justice has been
delayed too long in this case.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (EL R. No. 400) for the relief of
Jane Allen Birckhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, sole heirs-at-law of Alexander Watson,
deceased. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Jane Allen Birckhead and
Virginia Campbell, daughters and sole heirs-
at-law of Alexander Watson, deceased, the
sum of $30,000 for property lost, captured, or
destroyed in Florida during the Indian hos-
tilities commencing in 1835.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
order op business.
Mr. POOL. I ask to take up House bill
No. 2192, of which I gave notice yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. Subject to the morning
business?
Mr. POOL. I should be glad to put it on
its passage at once, if there be no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know anything
about it, but 1 object.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 desire t,o ask the consent
of the Senate this morning to take up the bill
for the incorporation of the centennial com-
mission. They are now sitting and desire that
the Senate should act on the subject. If they
are not to be incorporated let us know it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to everything
ant.il the morning business is concluded.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rose for the purpose of
asking a like favor fiora the Senate; but as I
understand the Senator from Illinois proposes
to object to everything I "will waive it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object until the morn-
ing business is over.
Mr. KELLOGG. As soon as the morning
business is concluded, I give notice that I
shall move to take up House bill No. 351.
house bills kefekkud.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 1298) for the relief of the
estate of Eli Moore—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1625) to amend an act
entitled "An act supplementary to an act en-
titled 'An act to allow the United States to
prosecute appeals and writs of error without
giving security,' and lor other purposes," ap-
proved July 27, 1868—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2475) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867, and the several acts
amendatory thereof—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2937) making a transfer
of a pension appropriation from one fund to
another—t.o the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 2940) to establish cer-
tain post roads—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 1370) for the relief of
the heirs of William A. Graham—to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
The bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising and
amending the laws relative to the mints, assay
offices, and coinage of the United States—to
the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 2939) to remove the
political disabilities of the persons therein
named—to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
petitions and memorials,
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Catherine Knight, widow of Simeon Knight,
deceased, praying a settlement of the accounts
of his for extra services rendered by him ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of W. S. Cox and others, asking com-
pensation for services rendered and expenses
incurred in the execution of the eighth section
of the act entitled '• An act making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861," in relation to the enlargement of the
Capitol grounds; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. COLE. I present a memorial signed
by citizens of the prosperous town of Visalia,
California, setting forth that they have suffered
great inconvenience and positive damage by
the construction of a railroad authorized to be
constructed by the United States Government,
some six or seven miles from their town, the
expectation being all the while that it would
approach and pass through their town, and
asking for further "action of Congress on the
subject. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ask
the special attention of that committee to it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Joseph P. Caldwell, M. D., of West Virginia,
praying remuneration from the Government
for certain losses sustained by him by reason
of material alterations being made by the
Postmaster General in contracts which had
been made between them, for the transporta-
tion of the mail of the United States in the
State of Virginia, and for damages which he
sustained by ihe Post Office Department not
paying at maturity, according to agreement,
certain drafts which he had made upon the
Department for services rendered ; which was
referred to ihe Commiltee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
contingent expenses committee.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate have
leave to sit during tho rocess of Congress.
kbpokts of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No, 1513) authorizing the Secretary of
War to expend certain moneys forthe purpose
of sinking an artesian well on the Fort D. A.
Russell military reservation, in Wyoming Ter-
ritory, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2860) for the
relief of W. A. Howard, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 649) for the relief of Simeon
Savage, reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1153) to amend an actrelatingto soldiers' and
sailors' homesteads, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it
back without amendment and recommend its
passage, and I ask for its present considera-
tion. I wish to make a statement to the Sen-
ate. We passed a bill at this session providing
for soldiers' and sailors' homesteads, but the
Department, when they came to administer
upon it,, found an error. We used the word
"entry" where we should have used the woid
" filing." The law, as we passed it, allowed
a soldier to enter by an agent, and we ought
to have said that he had the right to file a
declaratory statement by an agent. The De-
partment have corrected that and sent this bill
down here, and the committee have considered
it and desire it to be put on its passage. It is
to correct an error in the first act. I ask for
its present, consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
