1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
tbe treaties ; I am not in favor of any violation
of the national failh ; but when no question of
national faith is involved in the case, when it
is simply a litile handful of men who have
shrunk to their present numbers, and who have
become fewer and fewer with every revolving
year, I say it is not well for the United States
to keep up th.ir tribal status, and by removing
them from this place to that, from Dan to
Beersheba, and maintaining them at public
expense eveiy year, thus to prolong a misera-
ble existence in that way. The best way is to
let them sink down into a part of the common
mass of the community, and then let them take
care of themselves as other people do.
Now, it is proposed to begin this business
with these few hundred Indians because they
are unpleasant customers. There are a great
many unpleasant customers in this country.
Tnere are some very unpleasant neighbors
everywhere. Every man has them, and he
-woii'd like very well to send them to Nebraska,
if Nebraska were willing to take them, and
if Nebraska is not, to send them west of
Nebraska; but. prettysoon there will be some
body west of Nebraska who will not be wiling
to have ihem there. What I olijt-etto is this:
the moment you begin this removal with them,
taking them under the charge of the Govern-
ment* taking them under the guardianship of
the Govei n ineni, i emoving Lheui now at an
expense of $30,000 or more to some place in
the West, alter awhile you must do the same
thing again, and in the mean time you must
support them. 1 say if they have shrunk iu
liumbeis until they are but three, four, or five
hundied, or something of that kind, and 1
d ire say tln-y will he lound to be much less,
let them sink into the mass of the population,
and let ihem take care of themselves.
Mr. HOWE. If the question were of letting
these fragmentary liibes sink into the mass
of the people ot Wisconsin, I am inclined to
think that could be done without an act of
Congress; but if tiie question be of elevating
them to a similitude with the mass of tbe
people of that State, 1 am atraid an act of
Congiess is not quite adequate to that purpose.
Mi. Piesident, there are m Wisconsin, as I
have satd. a number—just how many hundreds
1 do not know—of Indians. I do not under-
stand that they belong to one tribe, but to
several diHereut tubes. That is my recollec-
tion of the statement made belbie the Senate
last year. They are there. They have no
land ; they have no property ; they have no
means oi suppoit; they have no faculty for
earning a support. Give them the richest
lands of Wisconsin to-day, in fee, and they
would starve as readily upon those lands as
they would starve if placed upon a rock.
Mr. THURMAN. Then 1 beg to interrupt
the Senator to ask him what becomes of this
much-vaunted Indian policy which has lately
been inaugurated and about which all the reli-
gious papers of the country are singing hosan-
nas to tbe Almigiiiy and to Grant/
Mr. 110WE. 1 have two things to say in
reply to ttie Senator fiom Ohio; lirst, 1 have
not to-day vaunted, and 1 do not remember
when 1 did vaunt this new Indian policy; and
secondly, that "the much-vaunted Indian pol-
icy'1 ought not to be condemned because it
lias not civiiized and Cluiotiariized these wan-
dering Indians upon whom it has never been
tried.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the space of two
years, too.
Mr. liOWE. And in the space of two years,
as tile Senator from Vermont suggests : but it
has not been tried upon them at, all. There
are a great many people in ihe United States,
and in i he worlu a great many moi e, who have
not been very highly cultivated by this new
policy, simply because it lias not been tried
upon them. That is one sufficient reason.
There may be the other one that 1 suppose
the Senator tninks might be urged, that the
policy is inadequate. I believe with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, when cultivation .and educa-
tion shall have proceeded so far with any red
man or black man that he is able to earn his
own living, you had better give him a spot of
God's earth and let him go to woik and earn
it. But because that may be safely tried with
the more cultivated and more educated Indians,
it does not follow that it can be tried on every
one. Good land is of no value to any one
unless he knows what to do with it; tools are
of no use to any one unless he knows how to
use them; and these wandering Indians, who
have been as remote as possible from all culti-
vation, are the last men in the world with whom
it ought to be tried. The question is, whether
you will leave them wandering paupers in the
State of Wisconsin, or whether you will insist
upon this appropriation which you made a year
a«o to take them out of the limits of Wiscon-
sin, and take them to some place where this
'■new and much-vaunted policy," or some
other and better policy, can be tried upon
them.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I did not
intend to make a speech against the Indian
policy, although I think there is a great deal
of humbug about it. I think, instead of being
a new thing, it has beentiied again and again,
and, wiih ihe excep.ion of the Cherokees and
Creeks, it lias very j;euera!ly proved a failure.
But the Senator from Wisconsin said, give
these Indians the richest spot of laud in the
country and it would be rf no use to them ;
and that induced me to ask him, if that is the
Case, where is tbe benefit of this much-vaunted
new Indian policy, as it is called ? Now, he
says in regard to that, these Indians are pecu-
liar; they are a very wild set of Indians ; and
al'hough this new Indian policy might be very
good in regard to some Indians who are intel-
ligent and cultivated to a degree, yet it will
not do at all with regard to these wild Indians.
And yet what is the fact? Why, this new
Indian policy is to be pursued toward the
Apaches. What a cultivated, mild, gentle-
mannered set theya'el What a fine set of
intelligent and half-civilized people those
Apaches are, and the Arapahoes, and the rest
ot those Indians down there, to whom this
Indian policy is to be applied, who go upon
your reservations and live on your rations all
winter, and then spend the summer in killing
white people and running off their stock!
Mr. President, I say if your policy of making
Indians individual landholders, of destroying
their tribal relations, of reducing them to in-
dividual proprietors, each dependent upon his
own labor for his subsistence, as white men
are, can be successfully begun on the Indian
reservations according to this much vaunted
Indian policy, it can be carried on ten times
as well among the white people of the Sen-
ator's own State ; for notwithstanding the^e
are disagreeable neighbors, as the Senator
says, 1 think there is enough charity, there is
enough benevolence, there is enough Christian-
ity iu the State of Wisconsin among the white
people of that State to make them lend a help-
ing hand to these poor red men who are strug-
gling for an existence. If they can be taught
the arts of peace, if they can be made agricul-
turists, if they can be made mechanics, if they
can be made self-supporting men, civilized
men, living by the arts of civilized life, there
is no better school for them than among the
intelligent, the humane, the benevolent, the
enlightened people of the Senator's own State.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot forbear to return
my thanks to the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio
for the very high, and I think deserved com-
pliment he has seen fit to pay to the humanity
and the Christianity of the people of Wisconsin.
He omitted to mention one attribute which
characterizes, and 1 think somewhat distin-
guishes that. people: they are a modest people;
they do not make any particular pretensions
to these characteristics of humanity and Chris-
tianity, but they are very much averse to pre-
tending to more of these qualities than are in
the United States altogether. If it should
turn out that there was not humanity and
Christianity enough iu the United States to
nrurse these wanJeriug tribes of Indians into
some sort of civilization, we should hate to
attect it ourselves. We should be afraW of
bringing a blush ou the United States, or upon
the other residents of the United Slates.
Mr. President, it is a simple question
whether these people shall be left a charge on
the humanity of Wisconsin, or shall be a
charge on the humanity of the Umte.d States.
It will cost money to manifest that humanity.
If you say the money must come out of Wis-
consin, it will no doubt have to come; but
that that would be a just decision I think the
Senator from Ohio will not iusist.
I shall not go into any discussion of this
Indian policy. If the Senator from Ohio,
however, will insist that it is a new policy, to
wit, to make the Indians owners in severalty
of their lands, I have to say to biin it is not
by any manner of means a new policy. That
was tried long ago. There is to-day within
the State of Wisconsin one whole tribe ot In-
dians, that is to say, those who were Indians,
who are enjoying the privileges of citizens of
the United States, who have their farms and
occupy them and cultivate them in severally.
I allude now to the fragment of Brotherton
Indians. Twice the county in which they
live has been represented in the Legislature by
Brotherton Indians. I myself have Held court
where a Brotherton Imiian was the she.iif,
and a pretty good sheriff,too; and prettygool
representatives and very good citizens ih'-y
make. So the policy is not a new one, and it
cannot be said upon any experience we have
yet had that it has failed. But it is impossi-
ble to bring it to bear upon any such people
as we are now speaking of. They have no
homes; they have no common feeling; they
have had no instruction; there is no way of
getting at them. Tou must bring them to-
gether, give them a home somewhere, and
bring your missionarie, your teacbeis, your
agents, and your charity to bear upon the.n.
Then they may be brought up into that con-
dition where this new policy can be app.iedto
them.
Mr. STEWART. My objection to this new
policy is that its friends do not make ihe neces-
sary effort to give these people their land in
severalty. Some of the tribes in the Indian
territory are spoken of as having advanced
in civilization. They are living there with
their quiet little aristocracy, with their kmgs
and their nobles. Their chiefs ride through
the streets here, and dictate what Congress
shall do. The people have no say at all.
My objection to the present Indian policy
has been from the beginning that it has not
recognized the rights of property in individual
Indians. It has recognized the tribal relation,
and kept up that principle, which has been tne
curse of the Indians and of the white men. It
has made a few Indians regard themselves as
better than white men, better than the other
Indians, better than anybody else. They have
dictated to every one who came in contact
with them. They have lived upon the Gov-
ernment, and when they were dissatisfied they
have led their bands to wjr, and they have
|| kept them in the same state of barbarism that
ij they were in iu the beginning. They have
!; pi evented any successful efforts being made to
| civilize them.
Now, with regard to these seven htmdreti
Indians, if you have got a placewhere you c.irt
put them, where you can give each one or
them apiece of land, with somebody to take
care of them, arid if they have not got such
land in Wisconsin, give it to them somewhere
else, I have no objection to that. If tber" are
public lands m Wisconsin, put them on those
lands. The nearer you have them to the
white population and the ceuters of supplies,
the easier it is to keep them. Send them out
on the plains, and send them out in advance of
