1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
42d Gong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Bright.
Ho. op Reps.
a sjnking fund,'j would require one hundred
years to extinguish the debt and the payment
of about $7,265,000,000, which, added to
the principal, would make the sum of about
$9,605,963,438.
This will not do. What next? The fund-
ing bill of July 13, 1870, provides for the
issue of several new classes of bonds, to wit,
$200,000,000 five per cent., $300,000,000
four and a half per cent., and $1,000,000,000
four per cent. This is no payment on the
debt, but simply substitutes one class of bonds
for another, with a slightly diminished rate of
iuterest. The nation can see no relief in this,
and this present Administration is not willing
to rely upon it.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report
of December 4, 1871, discloses his plan as
follows:
" The revenues for the year 1871, and the receipts
since the 1st of July last, show that the time lias
arrived when a considerable further reduction in
taxes can bo made, and yet leave the Government
in a position to pay at least fifty million dollars
annually on the principal of the public debt, in-
cluding the amount pledged through the' sinking
fund. In my annual report to'Congrass for 1870 I
expressed the opinion that the settled, policy of the
country should contemplate a revenue sufficient to
meet the ordinary expenses of the Government, pay
the interest on the public debt, and from twenty
five to fifty, million dollars of the principal an-
nually. To that opinion I adhere, with a stronger
oonviction that the payment annually upon the
principal of the public debt should not be loss than
fifty million dollars,"
According to this " settled policy " of the
preseut Administration of making an annual
reduction of the principal of the public debt
twenty-Gve or fifty million dollars, it would re-
quire sixty-six years at the former, and thirty-
three years at thelatteramount to extinguish it.
Assuming a middle ground between thelonger
and shorter periods, it would require an an-
nual payment of about $38,000,000 to extin-
guish tl>e principal of the public debt in forty
years. But this does not include the interest,
which is really the colossal feature of the
public debt and the greatest embarrassment to
our financial schemes. But according to the
"settled policy" of the Administration, the
process of reduction would commence by pay-
ing $125,000,000 interest and $38,000,000
principal, together $163,000,000, for the first
year, and to complete the process it would re-
quire an amount to extinguish the debt nearly
equal to one half the present assessed value of
the real and personal property of the United
States. So, according to this "settled policy,"
the people will have to worry and swelter
under this galliug burden with the superadded
proligate expenses of the Government for
forty years!
So the great financial demapds of the coun-
try will still clamor for a high tariff and inter-
nal taxation. In addition to this the protected
industry will reap its annual harvest of $619,-
410,224, to b? diminished only as the taiiff
may. he diminished. The tobacco region must
still pay its unequal tribute of nearly thirty
million dollars per annum, according to the
scale of the committee's hill. The eighteen
hundred national banks are still to financier
the people out of about one hundred and
twenty-five million dollars per ajiuum, being
twenty-five percent, on about five hundred mil-
lion dollars capital invested at this date and
operating through the use of the United States
bonds ; and still augmented with the current
expenses of the State governments and tbeir
accumulated liability of $387,318,928, which
make them'sway and stagger under them like
overloaded , beasts of burden, their bonds de-
preciated tk rty, forty, and some, perhaps,
as much as fifty per cent., and their credit wail-
ing under the massacre of stock-brokers: also
afflicted with shoal after shoal of revenue offi-
cers sweeping over the land—" first the locusts
and then the caterpillars''—insulting, stinging,
gathering, and devouring j and also depleted
by thousands of Government officials, who in-
fest all the cracks and crannies of the money
departments of the Government and gnaw
unseen "like intestinal vermin" upon the
public revenues.
The Government,officials, the tariff bant-
lings, the bondholders, and the banks would
thus hold their grand carnival for forty years,
and would point to their own prosperity to
prove that a national debt is a public blessing.
•Experience has demonstrated that a national
debt is a national curse. It is a source of internal
weakness. The money which was borrowed
has been consumed and has gone forever, leav-
ing the debt resting- as an incubus upon the
industries of the country. The debt is a dead
capital, adding nothing to the national produc-
tion, and is vital, like a cancer, only in its
power of consumption. It debases the credit
of the nation, and, if forced by emergency to
borrow money, it is subjected to the hard terms
of a debt-ridden individual in the hands of the
usurer. It makes money scarcer and more
difficult to obtain( because the lender is less
able to repeat the loan. It corrodes and
weakens the war sinews of the nation. While
modern improvements have shortened they
have multiplied the expenses of war.
The facility with which nations now come
into hostile contact makes it necessary that they
should always have their swords buckled on,
their ordnance mounted, their vessels manned,
iheir coffers filled, and their credit buoyant.
Money is thegrand mobilizing leverof armies.
When a nation can figlit no longer, from ex-
haustion of means, it is always put lo a disad-
vantage in the settlement of the terms of peace.
A nationaldebt also embroils all the industries
of the country by the unequal levy of taxes,
and, in the collection of va3t revenues, it fur-
nishes the occasion for the riot of' embezzle-
ment,, extortion, and oppression ; also for the
formatiou of tariff rings, bond rings, bank
rings, railroad rings, and other rings, which
enter the political arena and aspire to make
Presidents and control the legislation of the
country; and when they concentrate into a
grand vinculum, their power is not to be
despised.
But our national debt is not of such appall-
ing magnitude as that we should resort to the
cowardly policy of entailing it as a curse upon
another generation.
There is no sound financial, industrial, or
political reason why a vestige of this debt
should remain longer than twenty years. As
a starting-point in financial reform we may
lop with the pruning-kuife $100,000,000 from
the excrescences of the tariff and internal rev-
enue. The estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, amount to $359,000,000; hence, after
cutting it down $100,000,000, we would have
remaining $259,000,000 with which to pay
the expenses of the Government and apply
any balance to the reduction of the public
debt.
As the interest is the most formidable item
of the debt, we should deal it the first remedial
blow. Disincumbered of the interest the Gov-
ernment can easily manage the principal. We
say stop the interest .by paying off the interest-
bearing bonds with non-interest-bearing Treas-
ury notes. This would relieve the revenue of
the payment of $125,000,000 per annum,
being the estimate of annual interest.
Suppose we take $120,000,000 annually and
apply it to the payment of the public debt, and
in about sixteen years it will have disappeared
like a vanishing mist from the mountain. And
yet see how favored the nation would be in
another aspect : after taking the $125,000,000
from the $259,000,000, we would have an-
uuaily $129,000,000 to defray the expenses of
the Government, $100,000,000 of which would
support it extravagantly on a peace footing,
leaving a residuum of $29,000,000 annually to
build an iron navy to meet the exigencies of
the age, and to repair our fifty-one iron-clads,
ninety-eight other steamers, and twenty-nine
sailing vessels, some of which are on the
stocks, and most of them seem to be sent into
hospital quarters in our different harbors.
I am apprised of the fact that the payment
of the national bonds is no new idea. But if
we stopped at a simple conversion of the
bonds into currency, we would still have ulti-
mate trouble. I propose a step beyond that.
I am also apprised that the banks, the bond-
holders, and high-tariff advocates confront
this policy with formidable objeotions. The
inviolability of contracts, the national faith,
the national honor are interposed as blazing
shields by the gallant knights of the rings I
I know that I stand on debatable ground,
but I have not time to explore the field and
array the arguments in support of the -policy
which I have introduced. My object is to
suggest a plan as the basis for refleotion and
future action. At a more propitious oppor-
tunity I propose to diseuss it in its legal and
constitutional relations. With the view, how-
ever, of advancing a financial theory, I shall
assume for the present that the Government
has the right to convert its boud debt into a
currency debt, and thus lay an arrest upon the
havoc which the bond interest is making upon
the industries of the country.
The old financial fogy is ready to exclaim,
"This would turn the world upside down!"
Not more so than the present financial system.
But to proceed. We have an interest-bear-
ing debt of about $1,900,000,000. Say that
$1,000,000,000 is in the hands of American
creditors, and $900,000,000 in the hands of
foreign creditors. Shall we convert this vast
debt into currency and throw it upon the
country at once, or within a few years? Not
at once, but within a few years, so as to make
the transition easy from one system to the
other. But it should be borne in mind that
the payment and cancellation of the bonds
would result in winding up the national banks
and the calling in of their notes from circu-
lation, and the Treasury notes would only be
substituted in their place, the amount being
about $400,000,000, and would not increase
the circulation to that extent. Hence, it
would require a superadded circulation of
about $1,500,000,000.
Our country has a capacity and demand
commensurate with theamount. The amount
borrowed from the American creditors would
quietly accede to its old water level from which
it was taken. The foreign creditors could find
immediate and profitable investment for their
proportion, if they were disposed to take the
risk. The creditors may lend to others and
make interest and usury as they did with the
Government. Our whole country, State gov-
ernments, corporations, and individuals, are
in debt. More money is needed than will
simply facilitate the exchange of commodities.
We need a fund to liquidate all old debts, and
to meet the demands of various enterprising
industries. Then scatter the millions,.and they
will disappear like water poured upon the
ground. The absorbing capacities' of the
States, the railroads, manufactures, mining,
agriculture, merchandise, brokerage, public
and private lands, all invite them to come. And
if the land cannot take them up, invest them
in merchantmen and float them off to play
like swans Upon the seas. This enormous
capital, by being thus set free and combining
with the labor of the country, will revive all
our drooping industries.
But what will we do with the Treasury notes 1
By circulation the people will have given their
property for them, and it would not be right
to repudiate them, nor permit'them to perish
by usage. What then7 Redeem them* and
