1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3987
objection the bill will be reported subject to
objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to be consist-
ent. I am not objecting to any of these bills
because I think they ought not to pass, but
because I think it will facilitate business to
take up the morning business and run through
with it.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I withdraw the
report.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred a resolution of the
House of Representatives for the appointment
of a commission to examine and report upon
the propriety of removing the Brooklyn navy-
yard, have directed me to report it back with
a recommendation that it pass with a slight
amendment. This is a resolution simply to
appoint a commission for this purpose, and I
should like to have it considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects to all these bills and re-
ports being considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will facilitate
business to go on in order. Let us try it for
one morning.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2876) for the relief of
John C. Beaumont, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2240)
authorizing the extension of the railway of
the Metropolitan Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia, to report it with an
amendment, and ask for its present considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects to the consideration of any
bill during the morning business, and he still
remains in the Chamber.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I prefer to with-
draw the report.
Mr POOL. The Senator from California
[Mr. Casseri-y] withdrawshis objection to the
motion I made to take up House bill No. 2192,
and I ask that it now be taken up, subject to
the morning business. \
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to anything
being taken up until the morning business is
disposed of. We shall be through with it in a
few minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 1171) to grant an Amer-
ican register to the Canadian tug Noah P.
Sprague and to the ship Alhambra ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Francis Curtis
and others for an American register to the
ship St. Albans, formerly the American ship
Henrietta Marey, now under British register,
reported a bill (S. No. 1170) to grant an Amer-
ican register to the British ship St. Albans ;
which was read, and passed to asecond reading.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1930) for the relief of Her-
man Roster, collector of internal revenue for
the first district of Illinois, to report it back
without amendment, and I ask for its present
consideration, the circumstances being such I
think as to appeal to the favor of the Senate,
this man having been a Government agent for
the deposit of Government stamps, and having
suffered by the great conflagration at Chicago.
The case has been thoroughly examined by
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois has made an objection to the con-
sideration of all bills this morning until the
morning business is concluded.
Mr. COLE. I will relieve the Senatorfrom
Illinois in this case by objecting myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. BAYARD. This is the case of a Gov-
ernment official in the city of Chicago in whose
hands a large amount of Government stamps
were destroyed. The bill places the whole
matter under the charge of the accounting
officers of the Treasury, and limits the reim-
bursement to the true amouut of the stamps
destroyed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will withdraw his objection in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California made the objection.
Mr. KELLOGG. I thought it was the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope no objection will be
made to this bill. It will take but a moment
to pass it. It is very important to the officers
of the Treasury in reference to settling the
accounts, as well as to this man. He has since
resigned his office and another man has been
appointed in his place.
Mr. BAYARD. If there is objection I will
withdraw the report and offer it to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the confer-
ence report on House bill No. 2116 be now
taken up.
Mr. STEWART. What bill is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 2116)
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
for the better security of life on board of ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes," approved February
28, 1871.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will that have precedence
over reports ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a report,
and has already laid over one day.
Mr. POMEROY'. The Senator from New
York yesterday got an order to print a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury to be con-
sidered with the report of this conference
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And he after-
ward withdrew the request, stating that the let-
ter could be read at the desk.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that he
had withdrawn it.
Mr. FRBL1NGHUYSEN. I know that the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxkling.] and
also the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett,]
desire to take part in the discussion in refer-
ence to this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
if there be objection, although this has a higher
privilege than any ordinary report, it must,
underthe rules, lie over until the morning busi-
ness is concluded, and be reached by a majority
■vote of the Senate. It might be unpleasant in
regard to an appropriation bill so lo rule, but,
the Chair does not see how, under the rule, he
can hold differently.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
414) for the relief of William S. Mitchell, re-
ported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John A. Hipkins,
of Maryland, asking compensation for losses
sustained in consequence of his alleged illegal
discharge from the Navy, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Healso, from the same committee, towhom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 203'J) for the
reliefof Joseph Westcott, of Portland, Maine,
reported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which, was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Matthew \\' right,
praying compensation for the destruction of
property by Indians and soldiers, asked to be
dischargedfrom its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Woodhouse,
Southmayd, and Rudd, praying compensation
for loss sustained by reason of seizure of cer-
tain hides, skins, and wool, on board the
schooners Carrie and Arthur, at New York,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Levi J. Powell,
praying compensation for printing done by
order of the military authorities in West Vir-
ginia during the late war, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1172) for the
relief of Levi J. Powell.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was refered the bill
(S. No. 1017) for the relief of Alexander Mc-
Leod, to report it back and recommend its
indefinite postponement. I will state in this
connection, as the reason for reaching this
conclusion, that in the bill known as the defi-
ciency bill a provision was made refi-.rring
this and similar claims to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the committee think the claim-
ant has abundant relief, and therefore recom-
mend the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Lavira A. Maxey, praying for a pension, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 1173) granting a pension
to Lavira A. Maxey, and in respect to her
minor children under sixteen years of age ;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 2109, to authorize the issu-
ance of college scrip to the State of Aikansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unanimous con-
sent has been refused by the Senator from Illi-
nois, who is still in his seat, to any business
being done until the morning business is con-
cluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2773) to amend section
five of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1841," ap-
proved March 3, 1841, and to authorize the
proper construction thereof, (which is a bill
in regard to surveyors and collectors of cus-
toms,) to report it without amendment, and I
should like to have it passed now. It is a
matter of general interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
thinks the objection of the Senator from Illi-
nois applies against all bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
this bill, but I want to try once and see if it
will not facilitate business to go through with
the morning business in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. I stated yesterday in
reply to an inquiry of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner, j and also to an inquiry
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
that the Committee on Printing would report
this morning the resolution to print extra
copies of the report of the select committee
upon the sale of arms, which it was pre-
pared to do, but as I notice neither of the
Senators in his seat the report will not he
made. I merely wish to show that the com-
"mittee are prepared to do what they said they
would.
SMITHSONIAN KB PORTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
the back reports of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, have directed me to report, it. back with-
out amendment and recommend its passage,
and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
