3092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
in 1860 a general law was passed granting
certain rights and privileges important in their
character to the telegraph companies then in
existence, or that mightthereafter be organized.
The}' were permitted to go over or under the
navigable rivers of the country, to go along all
the post roads of the country, and all railroads
established as post roads. They were permitted
to cut the poles to establish their lines from
the public lands, and to have forty acres once
in every fifty miles out of the unsold public
lands for the purpose of establishing telegraph
stations. In return for this any company that
should file its acceptance of the terms was
required by the statute thereafter to give
priority to Government business in telegraph-
ing, and to do all business for the Govern-
ment on terms to be fixed by the Postmaster
General.
Thus far the work has gone on without
trouble; but within the last few months a dif-
ficulty has arisen between the Western Union
Telegraph Company and the Postmaster Gen-
eral and signal service officer. The company
deny the right of the Government to require
the work to be one for the signal service under
the law of 18G6. They stated they were will-
ing to make a contract, but that the Post-
master General had no right to interfere.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Has the
contract originally made with the company
expired?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly it
lias; but the Postmaster General considers it
his right and duty under the law to fix the
rates year by year. He did it for the current
year, but has not done it for the year to come.
Now, the telegraph company gave notice to
the Committee on Appropriations a short time
since that they did not intend to submit to the
rates fixed by the Postmaster General—that
they did not consider the law binding on it for
this service. They had a hearing for two and
a half months before the committee. The
Postmaster General, the signal officer, and an
attorney designated by the Attorney General
were before us, and had a very full hearing; as
the result of which the committee have prepared
a report, which I shall present in a few days
and ask to have printed for the information
of members; and the result of that report is
the proviso which we believe is the law, and it
simply provides that the money hereafter
appropriated shall be devoted to no company
that does not comply with the law.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if I
understand the matter with regard to this con-
troversy between the telegraph companies and
the officers of the Government in reference to
the business of the signal service, it seems to
me about this : that the signal officer requires
a monopoly of certain circuits upon the tele-
graph for the purpose of transmitting his views,
storm signals, &c., to and from Washington;
that this frequently involves a suspension for
the time being, and sometimes for a consider-
able time, of all telegraphic business, commer-
cial and otherwise, in the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; only
on a single "wire.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; on certain
circuits. I do not remember precisely where
the several circuits are. I know there was one
established from the Rocky mountains to Chi-
cago, and everything intervening between those
two points, and all the stations between those
points, are employed for the time being by the
signal officers, and it involves an entire sus-
pension of the telegraphic business of the
country for the time being.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is true that
the Western Union Company objected to the
' method of doing business that it required to
some extent certain of the wires of their
company to the Government. They also
thought that the rates of payment fixed by the
Postmaster General are not high enough; but
it is also said that unless the observations are
taken by the signal officers at the same time
a large part of their value is lost. It is a mat-
ter that must of course be determined by the
Government, and cannot be determined by
any corporation whatever; moreover, the law
gives the Government the right of priority over
all other business. That right of priority the
Government cannot surrender under any cir-
cumstances. In time of war, when the life of
the nation is in danger, the company would
then be allowed to determine whether a dis-
patch of the Government should be sent off in
one hour's time or in five. The Government
could not tolerate any such construction of the
statute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But does the gen-
tleman propose that under the provisions of
the statute of 1866 the Government by estab-
lishing new service, like the signal service,
may take entire possession of the telegraph
wires from time to time and occupy them for
hours ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no ; I do
not mean that at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We could do it, no
doubt, in war time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no
doubt that the signal service, in the way it is
now organized, with a cipher which reduces
sixty or seventy words into ten, is a service
which is more expensive, and that the Gov-
ernment should pay more for it than for ordin-
ary dispatches. As a matter of course it is
to be presumed that the Government of the
United States will deal justly by corporations
as by individuals. I should expect that the
Postmaster General another year, in view of
the increased service, and of the new cypher
now employed, would allow higher rates than
are now paid. I wish to do nothing and to
suggest nothing that will wrong this corpora-
tion or any other. I hope the House will
concur in the amendment with the amendment
recommended by the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was concurred in.
The fortieth amendment of the Senate was
to the following clauses:
Naval establishment:
Marine corps: For rent of quarters for officers,
where there are no public quarters, HI,539 13.
For forage for horses belonging to field and staff
ofiicersof the marines, $1,447 34.
For indispensable miscellaneous articles for the
use of the marine barracks at Brooklyn, New Yoik,
and for other posts, $731 60.
The amendment was to add the following:
This item and the two preceding items are for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1871.
For hire of officers' quarters where there are no
public quarters, SB,354.
. For forage for horses for field and staff officers,
$3,540.
For pay account for per diem to marine band, $1,500.
This item and the two preceding items are for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1872.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. COX. I object to this amendment, as
I have already objected several times to appro-
priations of the Marine corps. 1 notice that
this amendment is not so objectionable as it
might be, "for pay account for per diem to
marine band, $1,500.'' That band plays most
of its music at the White House. I would like
to have an amendment made to it, that when
the Secretary of State approaches the White
House to attend a Cabinet meeting or levee
there the band shall play "Brittania rules the
waves;" that would be so appropriate to the
present condition of our diplomacy. More-
over the committee has been wise in limiting
the appropriation for this marine band to the
year ending June 30, 1872.
Mr. HOAR. Will .the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. Not just now. I was about to
say this for the information of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar:] there will
i be no need of this band when Mr. Greeley is
President, for he is a plain man and does not
want expensive music. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is not this the
band that played immediately after the gentle-
man's speech the other night, and to which
we all listened with much pleasure?
Mr. COX. I cannot remember what speech
that was, I have made so many speeches and
have been so often serenaded for them.
[Laughter.] I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
and the other gentlemen who are so anxious
to have music to keep up their spirits about
the time the fall election comes on, that we
should dispense with this band after the next
election, because after that time, as I have
said, it is likely we will not need it, for a
plain man and an unmilitary man may be in
the White House.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
The forty-first amendment of the Senate
was to strike out "$25,000 " andinsert " $20,-
000 " in the following paragraph:
For completion of the survey of a route for a ship-
canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, by
the routes of Tehuantepec and Nicaragua, with re-
ports upon the same, $25,000.
The committee recommended concurrence,
with an amendment, to add the following :
And to complete the survey of the Darien route
$5,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was concurred in.
The forty-third amendment of the Senate
was to insert the following :
Land Office:
For contingent expenses of district land offices
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870, $5,000.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for the
expense of depositing public moneys for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1871, $8,000.
The committee recommended concurrence
with an amendment, to add the following :
And for a deficiency in the appropriation for clerks
for the oflice of the surveyor general of California,
$500.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
The forty-sixth amendment of the Senate
was to the following :
Patent Office:
To provide for the plates of an official gazette of
the Patent Office abstracts of drawings of patents
issued, $13,333, to be expended under the direction
of the Commissioner of Patents: Provided, That
one copy of said gazette shall be sent to each of such
public libraries, not exceeding ten in each congres-
sional district and Territory, as may be designated
by the member of the House from such district or
Territory.
The amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing :
Sent to each of such public libraries, not exceed-
ing ten in each congressional district and Territory,
as may be designated by the member of the House
from such district or Territory
And to insert in lieu the following:
Furnished to each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate in Congress; and four copies shall be
sent to such public libraries as may be designated
by each Senator, Representative, and Delegate, and
two eopics to the Library of Congress.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment by
making it read as follows :
Furnished to each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate in Congress; and one copy each shall be
sent to four such public libraries as may be desig-
nated by each Senator, Representative, and Dele-
gate, and two copies to the Library of Congress.
Mr. HOAR. I trust that this little expend-
iture will not be reduced by agreeing to ihe
Senate amendment. The House will remem-
ber that this gazette furnishes nearly all the
information which the public get at an early
day of the new inventions which are presented
to the Patent Office. The House provision
provides that copies shall be sent to such pub-
lic libraries, not exceeding ten in number in
each congressional district, as the Representa-
tive from that district may designate. The
