2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
civilization, and then pay a dollar a pound for
hauling everything to them, and yoa will ex-
haust your appropriations before you can do
them any good, rut them on the nearest pub*
lie land, and send there men to educate them,
and teach them civilization, and I will vote for
that; but I will not vote money to give to this
little aristocracy of chiefs and head men to
lord it over the rest. That has always seemed
to me to be wrong.
Now, a word in regard to this policy of
moving them into the country West. What-
ever we may do or say, however much we
may theorize about it here, everybody knows
that it was a necessity from the time of the
first landing at Jamestown and Plymouth to
have the lands opened to white settlement.
That necessity presses on in the West the same
as it did in New England originally. That
necessity you will yield to by degrees; you
know you will. The policy which has been
pursued of removing the Indians out West,
keeping them a few years to massacre white
men, to make fat jobs for contractors hauling
supplies at a dollar a pound, and then moving
them again from that settlement—that policy,
which has been pursued so long and which
has failed so signally, I am utterly opposed to.
I am willing to give each of these Indians a
little piece of land, and to give them teachers
to instruct them in the arts of civilization.
Individual property is the first step toward
civilization. You have destroyed nearly all
the Indians by removing them West, involving
them necessarily in border warfare. You in-
vite the whites to go there, too. You have
organized every foot of the country, except
the Indian territory, into Territories, giving
them territorial governments, and invited white
settlement. You have driven the Indians there
to struggle with the settlers, and you attempt
to disarm the settler. You talk a great deal
about the homestead laws and the public lands.
Most of the frontier public lands are exposed
to the depredations of these Indians, and the
settlers who make the country have to sustain
a border warfare as difficult and as destructive
to them as the original trials and tribulations
suffered by the settlers of New Eugland.
If you have Indians in Wisconsin, it seems
to me that there is a good chance for the
experiment. You can reach them,.put them
on a piece of land by themselves, give them
their lands in severalty, and then let the
churches send their agents to civilize them.
If it takes a man to each Indian, if you know
how many Indians there are, it Will not amount
to very much. If they are moved to the west-
ern country, they will have to go through this
same experience there that they have had in
Wisconsin. Indian tribes have gone through
this experience from the Atlantic ocean to the
West. They have been moved and moved,
and hilve dwindled down in constant border
warfare.
It seems to me we should try this plan of
letting them have their own lands in severalty
wherever it can be tried. In every removal
of Indians it should be provided for. The
lands they are put upou should be surveyed
in advance. They should be put upon those
lands, and they should be their home forever.
They should settle in with the rest of the peo-
ple of the country; because if anybody sup-
poses that that western country will not be
settled up, that the people will not continue to
go there, that this conflict will not he inevit-
able forever until the Indians are disposed of,
he is very much mistaken. Unless you give
them land of their own, if anybody supposes
the conflict will not go on and that murder, and
fraud, and rascality, and misery, and disgrace
will no! be the inevitable result of any policy
that attempts to raa'ntain the Indians in their
tiibal relations, he is very much mistaken.
I have made these remarks because I am
not opposed to the indian policy so far as it
gives thtm segregated laud to themselves, but
I am decidedly in favor of it wherever it can
be done, and it is better to do it where you
have population and therefore can get sup-
plies cheap, as you have to feed them, than
pay all the money that is appropriated for ex-
pensive transportation, and then they are under
the influence of civilization where the agents
can be looked after. When the agent is away
out beyond the bounds of civilization, there
is nobody to see whether he brings in false
receipts or not.
I have no objection to this particular amend-
ment ; let it go on the bill; but it does seem
to me that an effort should be made, and made
now, to give the Indians a home. Nobody is
worth a cent without a home; and to talk
about a home where you have a little king,
and there is not a man there who can place
his foot upon a single inch of ground and call
it his own, and to say that anybody can be
attached to it but the chief, is nonsense. No-
body is attached to it except the chief; nobody
is attached to any particular piece of ground
there. I have been told by Army officers who
have been thtough the Indian country that
there are Indians in the Indian country who
desire to cultivate the soil, but they say there
is no use in attempting to do it, because the
other Indians will come in and eat up their
corn and fruit. There is no right of property
among them.
This question has got to be met, as is sug-
gested by my friend from Ohio, and it has got
to be met soon. At the first opportunity, I
do hope the Committee on Indian Affairs will
take measures to let every man in this coun-
try that is able to take care of himself have a
chance to do so—those in the Indian territory
and those elsewhere.
As reference has been made to the Apaches,
I wish to make a remark about them. Their
history is very little understood. 1 have heard
about the Apaches for the last twenty years,
and have known a great many people who
were familiar with that country. Those who
are making all this fuss are very few in num-
ber. They are Mexican half breeds, many of
them. They understand that their business is
to murder and rob. They will make any kind
of contract and break it afterward. They
have not been pursued. They have been suc-
cessful for one hundred years. Before we got
the country they preyed upon Mexico, so that
Mexico gave up Arizona, partly at least, on
account of this band that were, many of them,
half-breeds. They have been very destructive
in our country. You have got to catch the
enemy and punish him once, in order to do
any good with them; and if you let General
Crook have a chance he will pursue and cap-
ture that band. They are a band of murder-
ers, and every one of them that is held to be
respectable among the tribe has hangiug to his
belt the scalps of numbers of women and chil-
dren whom they have murdered. They are a
band of robbers and murderers of long stand-
ing. That is their profession. I hope Gen-
eral Howard will get at the facts and will uot
prevent General Crook from catching that
band of murderers, It is time they were
stopped. In the name of humanity they should
be stopped.
There are a great many other Indians in
that country who might be kept on reseiva-
tions ; you might give them their property in
severalty, the Pimos and Some others in that
country, with whom the best experiments
could be made. There are men there who
will work. They labor under some disadvan-
tages. There are men among them honest and
willing to work, but their land is ail in the
reservation together; they have not any en-
couragement in the right direction. They are
put on a reservation; no individual property
is recognized ; nobody is dealt with but the
chiefs ; the individuals are not d' alt with ;
they have no individual rights, and you rather
retard civilization by this system. "The result
is that Arizona is not in as good condition, as
it was when we acquired that country. They
do not raise as much wheat, as much corn, as
they did at that time. Your system of giving
all to the chiefs has really retarded advance-
ment in Aiizona.
Now, I am willing to aid this new policy if
it means civilization, if it means property in
severalty, if it means to appeal to that senti-
ment in the human heart which desires to have
a home and have something for individual self
and family. As far as this amendment is con-
cerned, there are scattering Indians who have
no home. Give them a home; but do not
take them out and put them on a piece of
ground and call it a reservation aud give it to
them in common, a chief ruling over them
and keeping them from becoming civilized.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate are prepared
to forego a discussion of the general Indian
policy, and let us get through with the bill
to-day in good time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from California
to have withdrawn his point of order?
Mr. COLE. I will withdraw it if the Sen-
ate will dispose of the bill. I will do anything
for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The debate
indulged in upon the merits of the question
would seem to imply the withdrawal of the
point of order ; but the Senator from Califor-
nia has not formally withdrawn his point of
order.
Mr. COLE. It is withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I do not rise to participate to any considerable
extent in this debate; but there seems to be
such a confusion of ideas upon what is under-
stood to be the present indian policy that
perhaps I shall be justified in submitting a few
observations exactly on that point.
I havenoticed, in 'he little experience Ihave
had on this subject of Indian affairs, that
almost everybody is disposed to do eveiythnig
in general but not the first thing in particular
for the Indians. I have never found a major-
ity of the Senate willing to agree that there
was a spot of earth on the American continent
which might be set aside where the Indians
should have a right to live-and dwell and have
a fair opportunity for civilization there. The
Senate has never voted such a proposition, to
my knowledge or belief; and it will be a happy
day for the country, in all respects, morally
and economically, if it should be brought to
consider that question in that light, and to say
that somewhere on this continent, once in pos-
session of ail the Indians, they would set apart
a sufficient quantity of land on which these
Indians could live and there be protected, and
that it should be theirs and their posterity's for-
ever. as to us. We began a policy of that kind
in 1807; we have been pursuing it in a very
halting way since ; but so often as these years
come around when we are to fulfill the treaty
stipulations with the Indians by which we hold
the possessory title to this continent, you find
all sorts of speculations and all sorts of schemes
from different quarters to deprive the Indians
even of the treaty stipulations and to cut them
down to the very lowest possible figure in those
treaties which stand upon the record here aud
to which the faith of the country is pledged.
Now. a good deal of what my honorable
friend from Ohio has said I believe in. That
is to say, it would have been well in the early
history of the. country that all the Indians
within the State limits should have been kept
there, and I think they could have been if we
had been a Christian people in regard to the
Indian, as we never have been. We have
held to the old heterodoxy that he was the
heathen and we were the saints; that we were
entitled to the earth thereby, and the Indian
must go out, and that, too, without regard to
his welfare at all; and so, instead of absorp-
tion, the principle of expulsion has gone on,
and the Indian has been driven from one posi-
tion to another, keeping him always outside
of civilization and beyond the reach of civil-
