404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Representatives have passed back to us for
our action, the Committee on Finance are pro-
ceeding to get up a general bill on (lie subject
of the tariff, and embracing in one scheme all
the bills that have been referred to that com-
mittee. .
The Senator from Ohio says that if this is
not a revenue bill we have a right to amend
it; and if it is a revenue bill, as tlio House
regards it, then we have a right to amend it.
I think in that respect he misunderstands me,
or places my objection in a false position. I
do not deny the right of the Senate to amend
this bill if it is not a revenue bill, but 1 deny
the right of the Senate to amend it by attach-
ing to it a revenue bili; and that is the posi-
tion that the Senator from Ohio has always
maintained here, that a biK to repeal a duty
was not a revenue bill: and if it is not a rev-
enue bill, you cannot attach to it a revenue
bill—the very thing J.hat, the Senator from
Ohio is now proposing (as he tells us in his
last remark) to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is, if I understand
the Senator, if the House propose to repeal
the duty entirely on a given article, the Sen-
ate cannot propose to repeal the duty only
one half.
Mr.TRUMBULL. TheSenatecannotattach
to it, as the Senator from Ohio proposes to do,
a general bill on the subject of the tariff, for
he tells us now that he is bringing into this
one bill all the others, and that defeats the very
object which the House had in passing these
separate bills. We know that the tariff is a
great subject. I should be glad to have that
whole subject revised and simplified, so that
instead of collecting taxes upon thirty-eight
hundred articles, as I understand we do, we
should- collect taxes upon a few articles. I
believe that the way to reform the abuses in
our custom-houses is to Simplify our tariff
system, and instead of collecting duties from
such a large number of articles, from many of
which we barely receive enough perhaps to pay
the expenses of collection ; instead of attempt-
ing to collect taxes upon articles which axe
smuggled with the greatest laeility, and the
smuggling of which it is almost impossible to
prevent, we should collect our duties on a
limited number of articles that are moi e bulky,
where the facilities for defrauding the revenue
will be less, and then we may dispense with
many officers, collect all the revenue that is
needed, and, I think, purify to a great extent
the system.
I am for that; bat. sir, I am not for doing
that on this little bill to repeal the duty on salt.
That is a proposition sent to us by the House
of Representatives by itself, and 1 did hope
the Finance Committee would allow us to act
npon that without encumbering it with a gen-
eral bill on the subject of the tariff, which will
probably take months to discuss, pending in
the two Houses, and very likely wilt be pend-
ing on our day of adjournment. Now we can
take up this separate bill and get some action
.upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the unfinished business of yester-
day is before the Senate, being the amnesty
bill, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [-Mr.
Sumner.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
objection to printing what has been reported
by the Finance Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this matter will
be disposed of now. It is ordinary current
business, and I hope without further discussion
we shall be allowed to vote upon it.
_ The ViCE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to proceeding with the morning business
until its completion or until some Senator
demands the regular order?
Mr. CAMERON. I trust that we shall
proceed with the morning business. I have
seme little myself that I wish to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the morning business will bo con-
tinued, subject to a demand for the regular
order. The Senator from Illinois is still enti-
tled to the floor, the question being on the
recommitment of the bill repealing the duty
on salt, with the amendments reported to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Senator to allow
me to make a report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the morning busi-
ness be proceeded with. I would ask, does
this matter have nrecedence?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ithas; it is the
pending question-
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I am concerned
I am willing to give way to the morning busi-
ness. This matter had better go over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall be al-
lowed to dispose of it now without further
debate. I do not want to say anything more
upon it. The Senator from Illinois has occu-
pied more time than any one else. I hope that
we shall now have a vote upon it, so that it
shall not stand in the way of other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the recommitment
of this bill, with the pending amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Finance, to the
Committee on Finance?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
the yeas and nays upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. As the yeas and nays are
ordered on this question I desire to say a very
few words before the vote is taken. The ques-
tion which the Senator from Illinois makes
as to the power of the Senate to attach this
amendment is one which does affect our prac-
tical work, and it ought to be considered ill
that light. It is true that the Senate has held
that the origination of a bill in the Senate to
repeal a duty is not a revenue measure, and
the House of Representatives has held just the
contrary. If this were a bill originating in the
Senate I would agree with him that it was use-
less to proceed with it. because the House would
not consider the hill if we did pass it; bat the
bill to which the amendments are proposed
originated in the House, and the House holds
that it is a revenue measure, and therefore
upon the rule laid down by the House on this
constitutional question, they hold that we may
attach any amendments that we see proper
affecting the revenue. Therefore, I do not
see the force of the objection that we are not
affecting practical legislation on this question,
but, on the contrary, we have a bill with which
we may proceed in the Senate, send it to the
House with amendments, where they will find
no constitutional objection, and we shall be
that much further on the way; so that the
objection which the Sanatorfrom Illinois makes
hero is not, so far as our action is concerned,
practical. It only starts the question whether
we will so obstinately stand upon our own
ground as to block the wheels of legislation.
When the House send us a bill which they
agree we may amend, shall we refuse to amend
it because we have held the contrary opinion?
I hope not. I hope we shall all be practical
on this question, and that when a bill is sent
here which the House concede we have the
power to amend, we will amend it as we think
it ought to be amended in a practical point of
view.
One word further on the question of re-
commitment. There are various subjects em-
braced in the amendments that have been
reported by the committee, upon all of which
the Senators composing the Finance Com-
mittee would not agree to be bound bv this as
a final report. We differ very much inregard
to the merits of that bill. I should not as a
member of the Finance Committee feel my-
self bound by many portions of that report;
but in order to get those very questions before
the people whom they affect we desire to have
the bill printed and recommitted, so that before
we do report upon these questions affecting
their interests they may have afairopportunity
of being hoard; and I hope the bul will be
recommitted for that purpose.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I shall vote
against the recommitment of this bill, because
I desire to have the Senate come to a vote
upon the single question of the continuance
of the duty upon salt. That question is pre*
sented directly by the bill from the House, and
it is a question upon which the country desires,
as is evident from the great number of peti-
tions on our table upon the subject, that Con-
gress should take speedy action ; and desiring
such speedy action to be had I am unwilling
to incumber this bill with any other legislation
upon the tariff, especially with legislation of a
general and somewhat extensive character as
I understand the committee recommend m this
report, because I believe that if a report from
the Finance Committee connects with the bill
of the House any general legislation affecting
the tariff, we shall adjourn finally this session
of Congress without taking a vote upon the
salt question at all. 1 believe that it is fatal
to mingle the questions of the duty upon salt
and coal with the general question of a revis-
ion of the tariff; and because I believe that,
and because I believe that the country demands
and needs immediate action upon the two duties
that I have mentioned, I am compelled to vote
against the request of the committee for the
recommitment of this bill, and I do sincerely
hope that the Senate will come to immediate
action.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,. A singlcword.
The Committee on Finance might have pur-
sued the course often pursued by other com-
mittees and had this bill printed for their own
use, and I am surprised that any Senator here
should object to the common courtesy of hav-
ing this bill printed and lecommitted iov the
use of that committee, and especially when the
purport of the report will be to accomplish tha
object that is mainly indicated by the distin-
guished Senator'from Illinois, which is to sim-
plify the tariff and to strike out the articles
that are not so bulky from taxation, to strike
out from the list a great number of articles
from which an inconsiderable amount of reve-
nue is collected. But, Mr. President, I do
not desire to occupy a moment's time on the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, tore-
commit the bill to the Committee on Finance,
upon which question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton, Conk-
ling, Corbett. Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelingbuysen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas. Hamlin,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye.Oborn, Pomcroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Vickers, Wilson,
Windoin, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cole, Cooper, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Johnston,
Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Spencer. Sprague, Stevenson, 1'ipton, and Trum-
buli—18.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreumn,
Buckingham, Casserly, Cragin. Goldlhwaite, Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe. Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Norw od, Patterson, Pratt, Kice, Kobertsou,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner. Thurman.and West—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and uefeeifed.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Wyliy
Woodbridge be withdrawn from the tiles of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John A.
Sutter be withdrawn from the files ot theSennto anu
referred to the Committee on Private Laud Claims.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That Phoebe Sofield have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the files of tns
Senate.
