•1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February29,
voting to lay it on the table. Now I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at seven
o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursdat, February 29, 1872. |
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer j
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.ke, D. I).
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
refunding of cotton tax.
Mr. WH1TELEY. I hold in my hand a me-
morial of the joint committee of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia to the Congress of the United
States, in relation to refunding the tax on raw
cotton collected during the years 1865, 1860,
and 1867, under the revenue laws of the United
States. I ask that this memorial may be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and printed
in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the memorial will be published in the Globe,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
There was no objection.
Tho memorial is as follows:
A resolution in rolation to refunding tho tax on
raw cotton oollectod during: tho years 18Go? 1866,
and 1807, under tho revenue laws ot the United
States.
Whereas it is tbe deliberate conviction of this
General Assembly, and believed to be that of tho
entire people of tho cotton-producing States, that
the acts of Congross imposing a specific tax on all raw
cotton grown in the United States to tho exclusion
of all otner agricultural products, from which a much
larger amount of revonuemight have been roalized,
wero unequal, unjust, and unconstitutional, and
that said tax was imposed and collected at a time
when tho southern people were prostrated and im-
poverished by war; and whereas it is believed that
such acta were the result of excitoment engendered
by tho late unfortunate war botween the States,
considered as a necessary means of paying the dobt
incurred by its prosecution, and a proper modo
of meting retribution upon tho vanquished; and
whereas it is now earnestly hoped that time has
softened those asperities, so that tho voice of justice
will be heard with patience and magnanimity, and
that Congress will promptly and generously yield to
an appoal to reason and their sonsoof constitutional
obligation, whon respectfully mado by thoso from
wbom, in their povorty and ruin, nuch tux has boon
exacted and collected; and whereas it is the truo
policy of thoGoneral Government to foster and en-
courage, rather than burden agriculture, tho pro-
ductions of whioh have been uniformly, and should
continue to be, exomptfrom taxation; and whereas
it is a matter of tho first magnitude that fraternal
feelings between tho two lately belligerent sections
of the Union should be restored as speedily as pos-
sible, to which consummation, so devoutly to bo
wishod, nothing can contribute so much as striking
exhibitions of justice and magnanimity by the fed-
eral Oovernmont: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Senate and Jloxixrof Iteprcscnte-
ticcB of the State of Georf/iain General Assembly met,
That tho Congress of the Unitod States is hereby
respeotfully requested to provide by law for rctund-
ing to those who have paid the same tho amount of
tux collected on raw cotton under the revenue laws
of the United States during the years I8t>.\ 18UG, and
1867.
J3e it further resolved by the. avthority aforesaid,,
That a joint committee, consisting of two members
of the senate, and three from the house of rep-
resentatives, be appointed by tho respective pre-
siding officers thereof, to prepare a memorial to the
Congress of the United States, setting forth the in-
equality. injustice, and unconstitutionality of tho
aioresai4 tax on cotton, and that they lay the same,
together with acopy of this preamble and resolutions,
before the Congress at its next session, appealing to
that body, in tho name of the people of Georgia, fru-
its favorable and considerato action in the premises.
And be it further resolved, That his Excellency the
Governor be requested to transmit a copy of this
preamble and resolutions to the Governor of each
of the cotton-growing States, accompanied by the
reouest that ho submit the same for favorable con-
sideration to the Legislature of the State over which
he presides.
JAMES M. SMITH,
Speaker of the House of Representative1},
J. D, WADDELL.
C'erk of the House of Representativey.
k. N. TR4MMELL,
President of the Senate.
T. W. J- HILL,
Secretary of the Senate,
Approved, November 28,1871,
BENJAMIN COXLEY,
Governor. •
Stats of Georgia,
Offick of the Secretary of State,
Atlanta, February 16, .1872.
I, David G, (jotting, secretary of State of theState
of Georgia, hereby certify the foregoing three pages
of written matter contain a true copy of the original
preamble and resolutions on file in this office.
Given under my hnnd and seal of office.
r. _ -! DAVID G. COTTING,
1L* S*J Secretary of State.
Memorial to the Congress of the United States.
By the foregoing preamble and resolutions the
undersigned are appointed a joint committee, in
behalf of the State of Georgia, to memorialize the
Congress of the United States to provide by law for
refunding the tax on raw cotton paid by the people
of the cotton-producing States on raw cotton, under
the revenue laws and Treasury regulations of the
United States. As the tax paid prior to the 13th and
24th of June, 18(i5, may be held to be justified by tho
exigencies of the then pending war botween the
States, your memorialists ask only the refunding of
the moneys collected as a tax on raw cotton subse-
quent to that time, that being the time when, by the
proclamations of the President, all restrictions on
trade throughout the several States of the Union
were removed.
It has never been the uractice, as it is not the
policy of this or any other Government in time
of peace, to impose excisos upon the raw products
of the soil. Agriculture is tho source and founda-
tion of all national prosperity and power. It is the
support of commerce, manuiactures, and the art>,
in all their diversified and multiform departments.
When it languishes, national wealth wanes, and all
industries and enterprises are paralyzed. Hence,
I wise statesmanship footers and encourages, rather
than loads it with burdens. Theso are elementary
maxims of political economy, and always applica-
ble to tho condition of nations, especially in time
of peace. How important their recognition, in ref-
erence to a poaple who, like thoso of the cotton-
growing States, at tho closo of tho late war, were
overwhelmed and impoverished, their lands and
homes desolated, their productivo capital sunk,
their labor subverted and destroyed by the victo-
rious march of conquering armies. But in tho face
of misfortunes and calamities like these, even after
tho proclamations of the President of the United
States of the loth and 21th of June, 1865, restoring
trade to its wonted channels, thus announcing tho
return of peace, tho cotton-tax law was enforced,
until it drained tho people of the South of not less
than bixty millions of treasure. In view of the ele-
montary principles of political economy to which
we have referred, and tho ruined condition of tho
cotton-growing States at tho closo of tho war, your
memorialists submit that the measure which we ask
appeals, with an urgency stronger t han tho language
of petitions to the magnanimity and generosity of
Congress.
But, in discharging the duty assigned us by the
General Assembly of Georgia, your memorialists
may not acquit themselves by a mere appeal to the
liberality of Congress. If tho claim we urgo be not
founded upon the principles of impartiality, equal-
ity, and constitutional obligation, it is but frank to
say that we should expect no favorable response.
Indeed, recognising tho truth that Congress ought
not from mere generosity to dispense even to tho
distressed by drawing upon the Federal Treasury,
they would submit in silence to the heavy taxation
which has boen laid upon their staplo agricultural
product. But they honestly believe, and we hazard
nothing in saying, that the conviction pervades the
entire people of tho cotton-growing States that tho
law imposing a tax on raw cotton was partial and
unequal in its operations and violative of the Con-
stitution of.tho United States.
Not intending to discuss elaborately tho inequality
and unconstitutionality of the law under considera-
tion, your memorialists submit a few briet illustra-
tions :
Fnxt. Was the tax partial and unequal? In reply
to this question, it is sufficient to remind your hon-
orable body that tho act under which it was laid
imposed a tax upon no other agricultural product
in its raw state. All grain crops—peas, beans, bar-
ley, rye, oats, wheat, and wool—from whioh an
immense annual revenue might have been realized,
were left free from taxation, while raw cotton was
burdened with an excise of not less than twelve per
cent, ad valorem. How is it possible to escape the
conviction of the partiality and inequality of such a
law? Its onerousness was crushing. The revenue
from this source was enormous in amount, while it
is conceded by all intelligent merchants and cotton
planters that it fell exclusively upon tho producer,
instead of the consumer.
Another illustration of its partiality and inequal-
ity is found in the fact that cotton is produced only
in eleven States of the Union. In all the others it
is absolutely prohibited by climatic laws. Hence, it
was emphatically a local tax. It is true, tho language
of theactimposesthetaxupon "all cotton produced
within the United States/ thus attempting to give
it general application to all the States; but words
cannot change facts. Although this phraseology
would seem to make the law universal in its oper-
ation all over the Union, yet the facts remain un-
questionable that from the laws of soil and climate
it was impossible for it to affect any but the cotton-
growing States.
Second, Was it unconstitutional? It is respeot-
fully submitted that -a tax which is partial and
unequal is necessarily#unconstitutional; fbr im-
partiality and equality in all measures of congres-
II
! sional legislation constitute the very soul and spirit
! of the Constitution. It is manifested in all those
! clauses which recognize the equality of the citizens
j of the United States. For example: the Constitu-
l tion declares, "that no title of nobility shall bo
| granted by the United States," and that " no State"
f * : * "shall grant any title of nobil-
j ity." (Art. I, sec. 9.) Thus both theGeneral andState
j Governments are prohibited from destroying the
. equality of citizens. And it may bo added that this
i equality is fully recognized in tho fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments, which, though adopted since
the passage of the law under consideration, furnish
strong evidence of the deep conviction that such
was the spirit of the Constitution even without them.
Nor is the Constitution loss explicit as to theequal-
ity of the States. It declares that " the Senate of
the United States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof,"
(Art. I, sec. 3;) that " all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States/'
(Art. I, sec. 8;) that, " no preference shall be given by
any regulation ofcommerce or revenue to the ports of
one State over those of another," (Art. I, sec. 9? clause
6 ;) that " full faith and creditshall be griven in each
State to the public acts, records, and judicial pro-
ceedingsof every otherState," (Art. IV.sec. 1;) that
" the United States shall guaranty to every State in
the Union a republican form of government/'(Art.
IV, sec. 4;) that " no State, without its consent, shall
be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate," (Art.
V.) Hence, the citizens and States of the Union, being
equal, they are entitled by tho Constitution to be
treated as equals in all measures of Federal legisla-
tion. Acts that are partial in their operation; that
impose burdens on a portion of thecitizens orStates
to the exemption of others, are contrary to the very
soul and spirit of the Constitution. It enjoins upon
the legislative department,indeed upon every depart-
ment of the Government, strict justice, impartiality,
and equality in every act or measure that affects the
citizens or States of the Union. Then, how stands
this enormous tax on raw cotton tested by this high
standard ofconstitutional rectitude—a tax that boars
upon the cotton-grower to the exclusion of the pro-
ducei of every other raw product of agriculture ;
a tax that loads with crushing excises tho staplo
article of eleven States, and excuses from tribute
the unmanufactured products of all the other States
of the Union?
It is, however, not alone from the spirit of the
Constitution that the invalidity of .the cotton tax is
deduced; it is contrary to its letter. The Constitu-
tion recognizes but two kinds of tax—direct and
indirect. Indoed no other kinds are known to polit-
ical economy. A direct tax cannot be laid, except
by the rule of apportionment, based on representa-
tive population, {vide Art. I, sfce. 9, clause 4.) Tho
cotton tax was not intended by Congress to fall
under this provision of the Constitution. For the
terms of the act laying the tax'make no pretension,
it contains nothing that even looks to apportionment
among the States according to Federal representa-
tion. Nor was it intended as a "tax on articles
exported from any State." For such a tax would
have been palpably unconstitutional, (vide Art. I,
.sec. 9, clause 5.) It in terms piohibits such a tax.
It must, therefore, have been an indirect tax—an
" excise "—and can be justified, if at all, under that
provision of the Constitution which authorizes Con-
gress " to levy and collect taxes, duties, imposts and
excises," (Art. I, sec. 9, clause 4.) But the latter
part ot the same clause requires that " all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout
the United States." Now. having shown that the
cotton tax was partial and unequal, it would seem
to follow as a logical sequence that it was not " uni-
form throughout the Unitod States."
But your memorialists are not content to leavo
the question here. Its importance demands further
consideration. Tho wordo " uniform throughout the
United States " by their very statement define what
is meant by " uniform." It is too plain to need ex-
planation. It evidently means that ail taxes, not
diroct, whether they be "duties, imposts, or excises,"
shall fall justly, impartially, and equally upon all
tho citizens and States of the Union. It is doubt-
ful, to say the least, whether the rule of uniformity
can be complied with, except upon the ad valorem
principle; that is, by taxation upon property accord-
ing to its value. How can a tax be said to be uniform
which is levied specifically upon a single article of
agricultural production in its raw state to the ex-
clusion of all others in a similar state ? How can a
tax bo "uniform throughout the United States"
which is laid upon an article that is produced in
only eleven States of the Union ? Suppose Congress
should levy a tax on all ice gathered within the Uni-
ted States, what would our brethren of Massachu-
setts say ? If a tax should be laid on all whito pine
lumber sawed in the United States, what would the
State of Maine think of its uniformity ? The Con-
stitution empowers Congress to establish "uniform
laws on tho subject of bankruptcies throughout the
United States." It is but reasonable to suppose that
^ uniform " in this place means the same thing that
uniform" does in the taxing clause. Now, sup-
pose Congress should pass a bankrupt law which
should exempt in favor of the debtor all cotton
grown by himforthe twelve months next preceding
his application for its benefit, would that beuniform
throughout the United States? What would those
States say in which no cotton is produced ? Would
it not be a discrimination against them and in favor
of the cotton-erowing States?
But the Supreme Court of the United States has
settled the signification of the term "uniform."
The constitution of Wisconsin provides that " the
rule of taxation shall be uniform, and taxes shall
