1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying
papers of AVilliam Blanchard be withdrawn irom
tho filos of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on l^oreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. CALDWELL, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of John R.
Graton. Elkanah Huddleston, and E. A. Coleman be
withdra wn from tho files of the Senate and referred
to tho Committoo on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relativo to
the claim of tho Shawneo Indians in Kansas be
withdrawn from the files of tho Senate and referred
to tho Committoo on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
E. Ward, praying for an extension of his patent, be
withdrawn from tho files of tho Senate and referred
to tho Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of Roblis
Robaldo bo withdrawn from tho filos of the Senate
and referred to tho Committeo on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, reported an amendment intended to
be proposed to the bill (S. No. 2) to regulate
the service in the collection of customs at the
various ports of entry in tbe United States,
and the disposition of fines, penalties, and for-
feitures incurred under the laws relating to
customs, and for other purposes ; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committeo on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 330) to
provide for the relief of sufferers by fire at
Chicago, have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment, striking out the second
section, and to recommend its passage as thus
amended. I will state that this report is made
tocnabl? the Senators from Illmoistobe heard
on this question now, or at such time as they
desire ; and after they are thus heard, if it is
their wish that the bill should be recommitted,
I do not think that the committee will object.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Mditary
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
07) for tho relief of the purchasers of lots, and
houses and lots, sold by virtue of an act of Con-
gress entitled "An act providing for the sale
of the lands, tenements, and water privileges
belonging to the United States at and near
Harper's Fen-}', in the county of Jefferson,
West Virginia," approved December 15, 18G8,
have directed me to report, it back without
amendment, and I should like to have it put
on its passage now.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut Let the bill
be read, subject to objection.
The bill was read.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I do not
understand that bill, Mr. President. I see that
it speaks of West Virginia, and refers to some
matters in that State. My colleague, who has
had charge of the matter relating to the saie
of lands at Harper's Ferry, is not here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
allowing purchasers of Iqts at Harper's Ferry
further time for payment.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I do not
desire to oppose it-
Mr. NYE. It had better go over, and let
us go on with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over, and reports of committees are still in
order.
Mr. CAMERON. The Committee on For-
eign Relations desire to be discharged from
the further consideration of the request of the
Russian Government for the renewal of two
bonds of $1,000 each—a claim made try the
captain of the Russian steamer Kornileff.
The committee ask to be discharged,because
the Government has already provided a proper
tvuv of a redemption in such cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The particular
paper which the Senator from Pennsylvania
has sent to tbe desk does not seem to have
passed through the Secretary's office.
Mr. CAMERON. The committee ask to
be discharged from the consideration of a peti-
tion of an officer of the Russian service who
has a claim for bonds lost. There was no
evidence before the committee that he did lose
them, and besides that, the laws of Congress
provide a remedy for getting them if they were
lost. The committee desire to be discharged
from the consideration of that petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
itself seems to have been mislaid. If t here be
no objection, the committee will be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to report the
following resolution, and to ask that it be acted
on immediately:
Jtesoleed, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to the Senate, ifnotineom-
patiblo with the public interest, any information in
his possession concerning the seizure and retention
by tho revolutionary forces in Venezuela of the
American steamers Hero, Dudley Buck, Nutrias,
and San Fernando, the property of tho Venezuelan
Steam Transportation Company, an American cor-
poration, and tho virtual imprisonment of tho offi-
cers of these vessels, who aro American citizens.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It struck me in hearing
the resolution that perhaps we were assum-
ing too much to decide which are the revolu-
tionary forces. We can get the information
by calling on the President, to give us all the
information he has touching the seizure of
these vessels in the waters of that country
without undertaking to decide which are the
revolutionary forces there.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolution will be modified in the
manner indicated.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 470)
authorizing an increase of United States mad
steamship servico between San Francisco and
China; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
471) to amend an act entitled "An act supple-
mentary to an act to provide lor furnishing
artificial limbs to disabled soldiers," approved
June 30, 1870; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (.S.
No. 472) to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," passed August 18. 18o(i,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce, a bill (S.
No. 473) to further the administration of jus-
tice ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduco a bill (S. No.
474) granting a pension to George J. St. Louis;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and fay unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introducea bill (S. No.
475) to authorize the sale of public property
at Houlton, Maine; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. i
No. 476) for the extension of letters-patent to
Alexander Smith and Halcyon Skinner; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 477)
to incorporate the Continental General Agency;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say that I in-
troduce this bill by request, it not being a bill
that I have prepared myself: nor do 1 mean
to express any opinion in regard to it. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and printed.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 478) for the relief of Rear Admiral
Henry Wulke; which was read tv>ice by its
title, referred to the Committee ou Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, lea\e to introduce a bill (S.
No. 479) granting permission to the Winona
and St. Peter RailroadCompany to change the
direction of the line of its railroad in Dakota
Territory ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, andbyunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 480) concerning the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the district of
Kansas ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. FENT0N asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
481) to establish a general legistry of shipping
and to promote the interests of American
commerce; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mi. NORWOOD asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S.
No. 482) to icmove the political disabilities of
William B. I'icmirg and RichardH. Clark, of
Georgia; which was read twice by its title, re~
feried to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities, and ordered to Ixs
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 48,1) to declare the true intent, meaning,
and effect of the t.ct entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the suits, judgments, and business of
the United States provisional court for the
Stare of Louisiana," approved July 28, 1860;
which was icad twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to bo printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 484)
to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
the natuialization laws and punish crimes
against the fame, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870 ; which was read twico
by its title, refeired to the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, and oi dered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduco a bfll (S. No. 485)
for the relief of Harlow J. Phelps&Co.; which
was read twice by its title. r"femd to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered !obe printed,
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
480) for the relief of Brevet Colonel Emeric
Szabad ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HOUSE BILL UKKUKKEl).
The bill (II. R. No. 1040; to establish sport
of entry and delivery at tb<> city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee ou Commerce.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The bill (H. R. No. 1050) for the removal
of legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth article of
