2108
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
upon one or two reservations and there feeding
ami protecting them, keeping the white man
off; liiac is to say, keeping off all traders and
speculators and surrounding these people with
the Christian and social elements of the coun-
try. I think that is practicable.
My honorable friend says that in regard to
the Indians it is impossible to have the slight-
est civilization or advancement while they are
in tribal relations, and he describes, or thinks
he does, the state of things in the Indian coun-
try. But, Mr. President, the Senator mis-
conceives utterly and totally the state of things
in the Indian country. Why, sir, the Chero-
kee-!, the Creeks, and the Chickasaws were
semi-civilized communities when the war of
the rebellion broke out. They had large
landed possessions; they had cultivated farms;
they raised all the agricultural products they
consumed; they raised large quantities of
catile for the market; they had schools and
churches and academies and colleges, nay,
more, sir, they had some of our refinements ;
they had i-lavery. [Laughter.] Now, what is
the use ot saying that a people who can do
that are not capable of civilization if they have
a lnir opportunity? It is absurd to say it.
Who were these people? They were like
the rest of ihe Indians. We all remember
that as early as 1830 or 1835 these people were
expelled Ircn Tennessee, North Carolina, Ala-
bama, and Georgia, absolutely driven out. The
people would not tolerate them as savages
among them. They went there beyond our
organised society into the wilderness, were
baivslied absolutely, went to the country we
dedicated to them and their posterity after
them at that time; as you will find in the
language of that treaty, "as long as grass
grows or water runs'' it should be to them and
to their posterity. That is the country that my
honorable liiend says runs across the path of
civilization, and we are hungering and thirst-
ing for it, and ravening font, and must have it.
We shall have something to say about that
some of these days. I think you will not have
it liy considerable, it was dedicated to the
Indians forty years ago solemnly, and they
hold it, nt Ice-simple, and they do not hold it
at. the beck or the pleasure either of squatters
or ol the Congress of the United States. It is
dedicated to them as a koind forever, and this
new poiiry is to gather them there and attempt
to civilize them, not longer to supply thein
with the vvoist and most fiendish of our vices,
and for once to guaid them in their posses-
sions and allow the better influences of socieiy
to reach ihein. That is the new policy, Mr.
President.
Air. TI1URMAN. Mr. President—-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine is on ihe floor. Does he
yield to the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wiil yay in a
moment what will relieve my friend from Ohio
from ihe necessity of replying to me at all. I
think I am not finding the slightest fault, with my
honorable friend irom Ohio, lie will do me
the credit to say that when I rose I said I was
entirely in sympathy with the sentiment lie
expressed, and 1 only rose to correct a mis-
apprehension, not to apply to that Senator
anything that might be inferred from what I
say as to a purpose to dispossess the Indians
from tiietr possesions. They have a right to
those possessions, and I will do that Senator
the credit to say that since he has been upon
the floor of the Senate, and I have been here
with him, 1 have not discovered any such dis-
position in him toward the Indians or anybody
eUe.
But, Mr. President, it is a mistaken idea to
suppose that the Indians are adverse to the
railway improvements across their country.
]t' the Senator will look into the treaties of
1800 he wiil hud that the Indians, in those
treiitie-, agfed that, that couniiy shall be pen-
otn.ted t>y railroads, accordingly the trea-
ties provide thot there may be a railroad run-
ning east, and west across and one north and
south. That provided that the country should
be opened up, that a pathway across the Indian
teriitory from the Bast to the Pacific ocean
should be opened up, and also one from the
north to the south. The Indians do not ob-
ject to that. Two railroads are now on their
way across that country, so that the idea which
tbe honorable Senator seemed to have, or
the impression that 1 think he received that
that was to be a sealed book, was to lie there
exactly across the path of commerce and the
path of civilization, entirely inaccessible, is
not true at all.
Mr. THCJRMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MO [HULL, ot Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. TMURMAN. I will i-tate what I meant
by blocking up the way of improvement. I
was very well aware that the Indians had
agreed to grant the right of way through their
teriitory ; but what say the railway men, the
practical railway men? My friend comes
irom a practical State of practical people.
They say, " What is the use of our having
a railroad one hundred, two hundred, three
hundred, or four hundred miles through a ter-
ritory that has no settlement?" Every man
engaged in railroading in this country knows
that every day it becomes more and more
necessary for a railway to depend upon this
local traffic to support it, and that any railroad
which undertakes to live upon what is called
through business, with the exception of one
or two great lines, becomes bankrupt. 'The
railroad men say, " What is ihe use of our
having a railroad four or five hundred miles
long through a hunting ground, when there is
no local business to support it?"
Mr. MOUlilLL, of Maine. I understand
that., and that raises simply this question,
whether our duty to keep our treaty stipulations
with the Indians 
Mr. THCJRMAN. I am not arguing it for
them, but stating what they say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am. I say
the question is whether our duty to keep our
treaty stipulations with the Indians, whether
our sense of justice and duty to these Indians,
the wards of this nation, will compel us to ob-
serve the fact that they own that land, and
there gather them and there protect them, and
there attempt to give them the arts of civiliza-
tion and teach them self-support, or whether
at the beck of any set of men, I do not care
who they are or behind whatcharter they shel-
ter themselves, who say, " We want it and we
will have it without regard to your rights or
without regard to the interesis of the Indians j
that, this country has pledged to gather there,
and to whom it has given the land," we shall '
abandon the rights of the Indians and trample
under foot our own plighted faith.
But, Mr. President, there is a fact outside
of this that makes.it altogether unnecessary
to argue this question. Ttie Indians own the
land ; that is enough. They own it in fee-
simple, and that is conclusive. Whether gen-
tlemen find charters they have obtained, with-
out much information here on this subject,
profitable or not, is not the question we are
considering at this moment. If that arises
at some other time, we will aigue it when it
arises.
Mr. President, I would not, have been drawn
into this willingly, but it seemed to me that
there had beensomuch misapprehension about
the new policy, and its failures, and the prob-
ability ot its success, that it was well enough to
say exactly on this point what this policy was.
It originated, as I have said, in 1867. We
have been pursuing it. From time to time
Indian tribes have been gathered into this
country. Some six or eight or ten tribes
have been gathered into this country, more or
less. My honorable fiiend from Kansas will
remember how many tribes have been taken
from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Five or six.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Five or six
tribes under this new policy have been taken
out of Kansas and carried down into the
Indian territory. Others have been gathered
from the plains, entirely wild Indians, just as
ferocious and savage and wild as the Apaches.
There they are to-day quiet, harmless, the
military posts withdrawn, no trouble at ail
from them. It is proposed to do the same
thing with these ferocious savages, and I
assure tny honorable fiiend from Nevada that
my information and belief is that these In-
dians will be entirely harmless when taken
into that territory and fed and provided for,
and the economy of the thing nobody doubts.
Three hundred thousand dollars would feed
the whole of the Indians in that country and
keep them quiet, whereas you* are pajing
from four to six million dollars to guard
and secure them and hunt and shoot mem,
and undertake to exterminate them as you
would ferocious beasts.
That is this policy, as I understand, and
this particular measure is in harmony with it,
and for that reason 1 very greatly hope that
tny honorable friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropria ions, this having
once been before appropriated, will not, letl
called upon to raise any question of order,
but will allow it to be reanpiopriated.
Mr STEWART. I did not suppose that
in making tbe few remarks which 1 submi tt-d
to the Senate, I should have touched so ten-
der a point w.th the senator Irom Maine. I
did not know that 1 had alluded to any ground
which was debatable. I did not, know that I
had said anything which anybody would dis-
sent Irom. I was rather npproving of that
feature in the Indian policy which proposed
to give men their individual lights. JJut it
appears that I am accused of great inconsist-
ency. I believe the only way to meet my
views on the subject ol Indians is to assume
that I advocate something which 1 have never
asserted, and then fight it. That is the way
that 1 have been met as a general tiling. I
believe that the white people of Aiizona who
have gone there and settled that country have
some rights. I believe that they iiave a r ght
to life and to protection. I do not be.ieve
that a banditti ot professional robbers have a
right to kill them. 'That is the bel.er'ot' peo-
ple who live about there and who know any-
thing practical on the subject.
The history of these Indians is the blood-
iest history on record. There is only a smul
band of them, but there is a baud of Irom
fifteen hundred to three thousand who make
all this trouble. As an officer of the Aimy
said to me, no officer knows positively wue.her
it is possible to catch these men or not; they
have got to be caught like any other band of
robbers, and punished in the same way. Gen-
eral Crook is very witling to do it; he is not
afraid to meet these Indians and fight them, but
he and his men are in doubt whether they will
be sustained, whether there will not be a cy of
humanity raised it' they ca'ch these robbers.
That is the difficulty. Our officers and troops
will pursue them and then, if they catch them,
they can stop their robbei ies. Whenyou catch
them you can take some of the tame Iiidiausand
put them on reservations ; but these robbers
must be caught first. The Sena'or from Maine
says that there are only three thousand Amer-
icans there, the rest are Mexicans.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; but I say
that the census shows about six thousand
white persons, and 1 understand that about
half ot these are mixed hluous, but I do not
know the precise ptoportion.
Mr. S1EWART. 'There has been a large
population there, but these Indians have mur-
dered a groat many and have made it very
difficult for our people to stay there. You have
organized a lerri'ory ; you have put your offi-
cers there and iuvued people lo go there;
inauy of those who have gone there have lost
their lives. Tt would not have been so if there
