354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Senate.
Equal Eights in Public Schools—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Skss
of brick, sixty-eight feet front by seventv-five in ,
depth, and will have four stories, with a Mansard 1
roof. It will have ten school-rooms, each twenty- ii
five by thirty-two feet, and an assembly hjll of suf- ■>
ficient capacity to seat all the pupils, with ample ,
cloak-rooms, closets, provisions for ventilation, ana j
other conveniences. In the basement, provisions ,
will be made for heating apparatus, fuel-rooms, j
janitor's rooms, and play-rooms for each sex, in ad-
dition to inclosed grounds in the rear of the build-
ing. The plans and specifications for this scbool-
l house have been prepared with great care by Edward
1 Clark, esq., the well-known and accomplished archi-
tect of the Capitol, whose valuable services in this
matter have been gratuitously rendered. It is be-
lieved that, when completed, this building will be
not only an ornament to the section of the city
where it will stand, but at the same time the most
convenient, well adapted, and economical structure
of the kind in the city or District. It will be erected
a^ soon as the treason will permit, and will cost about
twentv-five thousand dollars.
"Beside this, the trustees estimate that the revenue
or the current school year (if promptly paid over)
will enable them to erect another building of equal
e ipaeity in another section of the city, which they
hope speedily to put under contract."
Mr. BAYAI'D. Here we have by the state-
ment of the tiustees of these very schools, col-
ored men whose names are signed to this re-
port, the history of school-house architecture,
and a view presented of the most glowing pic-
ture of prospeiity and advancement, large,
commodious buildings with Mansard roofs,
rooms sixty-eight by seventy five feet in their
dimensions, provision for ventilation, and all
other conveniences, cloak-rooms, closets, fuel-
rooties, heating apparatus, play-grounds! Why,
sir. where else in this country are such provis-
ions made for a class of people who are the
poorest in the community, at the expense of
others, and made exclusively for them, for this,
be it recollected, is the provision for colored
children exclusively?
Ah! sir, I can bring to mind the poor, rude
log hufee throughout the country, in which
bright minds, the" hopes of the nation—not
" the wards of the nation," but the hopes of
the nation—the keen, bright-eyed active boys
are painfully and diligently fitting themselves
to take part in the govern mentot' this country
and in the great battle of life, who are doing
it without one tithe of the advantages that
simple gratuity, that mere charity, without
one particle of individual effort by the bene-
ficiaries themselves, is now bestowing upon
this class of people in this District. And yet
still insatiate, the cry is for more. Not satis-
fied with that, something else is demanded.
It cannot be for the purpose of making the
experiment; it cannot be for testing the capa-
cities of !ho8e people; it is for another object,
as I consider fata! to their happiness as it is
to the happiness of the white race.
There is one fact in this report of the trus-
tees of the colored schools, men of their own
race, to which I desire to draw the attention
of the Senate and of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. At page 6 they report
that they have scats in the public schools,
excluding entirely the private schools, for
2,944 children, and at page 12 we find the
other significant fact that they can ptocure the
attendance but of 2,811. What is the mean-
ing and what result do you draw from these
figures? It is that you have to-day and have
had for two years past an accommodation for
this class of people in public schools, created
for theia almost gratuitously, in excess of
■what tiiey themselves have sought to avail
themselves of. How are you to answer that
fact? Let, it he known that there is an excess
of accommodation for 133 scholars in the
schools already, which they have not availed
themselves of for the past two years. What
excuse can there be for such a proposed act
as this in the face of such a fact? If they
were suffering, if they were overcrowded, if
they had insufficient buildings and had no
hope of getting others, there might perhaps
be some reasou in the cry to give them further
fecilitiea with those .who believe that mere
school education is the one thing necessary,
without regard to that moral training, the
training of the fireside, the training of the
mother and of the home, which to my mind
is ten thousand times more important in the
formation of individual or national character
than any system of schools that ever was
devised. This education of the head without
any respect to the education of the heart, is
the falsest and most pernicious doctrine that
ever cursed a people. And I say that this
excess of accommodation over the attendance
of these people in the public schools is exclu-
sive of the private schools which they are
perfectly at liberty to establish, and to which
many of them are well able to send their
children. It is well known that benevolent
societies and individuals in the northern
States have, at their own expense, assisted to
maintain additional colored schools in this
District.
Have I not shown to the Senate a large-
handed, liberal provision for the education of
colored children in this District at but trivial
cost to that race? Is not, therefore, the pres-
ent measure utterly unnecessary ? But is it
not also grossly unjust to those who are called
upon to do more? It is not the Senator from
Massachusetts who is to pay for this; it is not
the Senators who are called upon to vote for
this bill who are to pay for this; it is a popula-
tion who have no voice upon this floor, who
have no representative upon this floor, and
who, if appealed to to-morrow, would over-
whelmingly deny the justice or the necessity
or the propriety of any such act. But they
cannot be heard; and here in what we call a
republican form of government, in a Govern-
ment, forsooth, based upon the consent of the
people, where their will should be the instruc-
tion to the legislator, limited by the written
Constitution which is his rule as well as theirs,
we have without their expression of a desire
for this thing a measure of this kind forced
upon the body. Yea, moreover, I say hereto
the Senate and to the country that the Senator
from Massachusetts dare not appeal to the
white people of this District to sustain the
measure by their votes. He could not do it.
He knows that if he attempted it the answer
would be overwhelmingly in opposition to
what he now proposes; and if this measure is
to become a law, it will be by breaking down
the opinions, the feelings, the wishes, the in-
terests of these people whose money you are
voting out of their pockets for what I have
termed a mere act of visionary zeal.
I shall say nothing further now upon the
utterly unnecessary character of this law. I
have termed it unjust—unjust because those
who are to pay for this will do so unwillingly,
because it is against their wishes as it is against
their interest; and, sir, does any man suppose
that the instincts and the prejudices of man-
kind, whether they are inborn or whether they
be cultivated by long habit and by tradition,
are entitled to no weight? I say on the con-
trary they are entitled to the most constant and
respectful and careful consideration. If you
disregard a man's prejudices and his tastes,
his habits of thought and his habits of life,
what chance have you to make that man
happy ? How can it be ? Will any wise parent
disregard the peculiar characteristics and tastes
of his children? No, sir; he cannot do it
either in regard to their physical tastes or iti
regard to their moral dispositions. The idio-
syncracies of children are entitled to the high-
est respect; and the man who will so govern
his family, or the legislator who will so pro-
pose to govern the State as to disregard the
individual opinions, feelings, and wishes of
those upon whom his direction or his will is
to act, is certainly a very blind man, and I think
a cruel, unfaithful parent find an unsafe maker
of laws.
I do consider, Mr. President, the apothegm
a just one that no man is worthy of the place
of a ruler over his fellow-men or the name of
statesman who will frame and pass laws dis-
tasteful to his people, without regard to their
acceptability to those whose habits and whose
customs they affect. History is covered with
illustrations of the truth of what 1 have said.
It was but a few years ago that under the rigid
and despotic rule of Great Britain in India
those inferior and subject races were compelled
in some degree to adopt habits violating the
traditions of their race ; and what was the re-
sult? I have seen from intelligent and care-
ful authority that it was the Brahmin's tradi-
tion that the grease from cattle should not
form part of their food. It was the violation
of that tradition of their easte, of their class,
compelling them by military order to bite the
cartridge that was greased with the grease of
cattle, that was the point at which their re-
bellion, called the Sepoy rebellion, exploded.
It drenched India in blood, and led to results
that no man can contemplate without horror.
They have learned something since. They
have learned that in order to keep a people
affected well toward those that rule them it
is the essentials of government that must be
insisted upon, and the non-essentials must be
left to their instincts, their tastes, and their
habits. One might well ask what right has
man to attempt to govern his fellow-man ex-
cept it be for his happiness? What right has
Congress to pass laws in this District except
for the prosperity and the happiness of lhe
people whose fa,te has been so completely
committed to their hands? Even supposing
an instinct to be unreasonable in the abstract,
you are unwise if you disregard it, you are
cruel if you disregard it. The people of New
England have many traditions; they have
habits of thought peculiar to themselves.
We all know, and the country has witnessed
the energy with which their individualities and
the peculiarities of their section are sought to
be impressed by them wherever they may go.
I ask any man of intelligence and character—
and there are many such upon this floor from
that section of the country, either now directly
representing it, or children of her soil, who
have migrated to other portions of the couutry—
I ask what would be the fate of a lawgiver who
should pass laws in that country violating any
one of the thousand habits and traditions that
cluster around New England homes? Why,
sir, the man who was a representative that
sought to do this thing would find himself
quickly remanded to private life ; and although
their respect for individual opinion might
leave him unmolested, he would find that he
had lost public regard' and public respect, and
would be judged an unfit man to rule over the
people when he ruled them without regard to
their wishes, or, if you please, their prej udice^.
Mr. President, there is one other fact to be
urged in this connection. This bill may be
desired by a portion of the colored people,
but it is not desired by all or nearly all of
them. We have had upon this floor a contri-
bution of opinion on that subject. I remem-
ber my honorable friend from New Jersey
[Mr. Stockton] had a remonstrance made to
him from some of these people with whom we
constantly mingle in our ordinary lives. I
would add my own conviction to his, that by
quiet and rational conversation with the best,
the most respectable, and most intelligent
colored people of this District, I should find a
very large mass of opinion adverse or indiffer-
ent to this measure, and I will not say that
when the matter is pressed upon them, that
when you hold it up as a question of party,
throw it into their political parties, in which
they are bound together by such bands as
totally destroy their individuality—bound by
oaths, bound by prejudices, so that when you
