1872.]
APPENDIX TO "THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36fc'
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Equal Bights in Public Schools—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
touch the party point the colored man's inde-
pendence is destroyed, so that although he
inay in his heart and in his conscience believe
the measure to be wrong, yet if it be subjected
to the touch of party he is compelled to give
up his individual opinions and go with his
people. That, is not only true in the District
of Columbia, bat it is true of every community
where the colored men exist in numbers; and
it is unhappy for them that it is so. But
this report itself admits it, and on page 34
will be found the confession that there is a
difference of opinion among these people
themselves in regard to this proposed law.
They hesitate, they doubt where the Senator
from Massachusetts presses forward with
relentless haste to solve questions which cer-
tainly, to say the least, are not necessary to be
solved at this time. These trustees say:
*' In reference to schools of mixed races, I think a
difference of opinion may exist among the real
friends of tlio colored people."
There is another portion of this report in
which the same confession is made. It will
be admitted as a fact that there is even among
these people themselves a very wide difference
of opinion on this question. As I said before,
if the matter be dragged as it has been dragged
into party and once made a party test upon
them, those who individually and independ-
ently woald be disposed to object to the meas-
ure will find themselves overborne by the
healed party feeling that so pervades and
inthralls their race.
Then we find, according to the confession
of the trustees, that there is among the col-
ored people themselves a wide division of
sentiment, large classes of them opposing, and
that should be enough to make the Senate
pause. Bat whatother facts do we find ? They
constitute less than one third of the total popu-
lation of the District. Granting that they are
equally divided, what do you find? That less
than one quarter of the people of this District,
and those who pay the least expense are in favor
of this confusion of races in the public schools.
What white man or white woman who lives in
this District, and has children whom he or she
expects to be subjected to this contact, has
asked for this measure? Not one. Then
what do you find? With more than seventy-
five per cent, of the people of this District
either silent on this subject or opposed to the
proposition, you find the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, the professed republican,
the believer in the great doctrine of republican
majority, insisting that one fourth shall control
the other three fourths. And this is called a
Government by representation!
No, sir; I said there was not one white man
or white woman who has children whom be or
she expects to be subjected to this contact who
had asked for this bill or who ever will ask for
it. And I go further : Senators, there is not
a Senator on this floor who expects his children,
his little girls, his little boys, ever to go to those
schools and to be subjected to this eontaet,
who will vote for this bill; not one ; not one.
They may condemn others under the call of
party, they may condemn the children of their
brother white men, whose poverty compels
them to send their children to public schools,
they may seek to compel them to this contact,
but, they will he very careful that they are not
personally the sharers in such results.
No, sir, no blue-eyed, fair-haired child of
any Senator on this floor, no little grandchild
at that time of life when childreu are so open
to mere impression, and especially to evil im-
pression, will ever be permitted to sutler by
this proposed contact. They may condemn
others who are poorer, but they will be care-
ful to save their own. Is this philanthropy ?
Is it magnanimity ? Is it justice? Is it that
other term that Americans should^ love—is it
fail',play to the white people of this District?
Here is a community where your census tells
you that the white people outnumber the
blacks two to one. Yet they have been com-
pelled by your laws to make a provision utterly
unjust out of their moneys to sustain colored
schools. It has been done. They have not
refused; they have obeyed; they have com-
plied with your laws. Will you not leave them
the poor privilege of using what is left of their
money after your exaction has been satisfied ?
Will you not leave them the poor privilege of
using that remnant, as they themselves shall
see fit to use it? Was ever a proposition more
tyrannical than this?
Now, what will be the effect of it if such a
measure as this becomes a law? It simply
will be to drive from the public schools the
white children who now find there their only
means of being educated. Not the children
of the rich, not the children of those who can
employ governesses or send them to private
schools, but the blow is leveled against, the
poor. This is done, this deliberate act is
done by those who here daily sing pasans in
praise of popular education, who believe it
to be the be-all and end-all of human states-
manship, who hold that mental education is
the one thing needful, and that that must be
had at all stages, and whether people desire
it or not. Tins universal panacea for every
wrong, moral, political, and religious, is now
by a bill like this to be withdrawn. It is held
to be a certain cure for every ill.
If it be so, a ground of assumption for those
who state it, and have stated it always in this
Chamber ami out of it, among whom is the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, the
author of this bill, and now its strong and
earnest advocate ; if this be so, then lie may
carry with it the other comforting fact that by
his bill he will do more to prevent the benefits
of education from reaching three fourths of
the white children of this District than by any
other measure he could devise. 1 believe that
he is perfectly honest in his belief in the neces-
sity and value of public education ; and yet
while he realizes that idea, tbc instant that he
places beside it that dominating and over-
whelming idea of his of the equality (to be
forced if it does not naturally exist, or it may
be the superiority, for aught I know, in his
mind of the African race and their descend-
ants to those of any other country,) lo, and
behold, the value of education fades away!
livery other benefit fades away, and this one
idea that rules the rest like Aaron's serpent,
swallowing up all that comes in its way, com-
pletely obscures his vision and disables him
from seeing the necessary result of his own
acts.
Mr. President, there is another and not so
high a view to take of this subject. It not only
in my opinion would be most injurious to the
moral tone of the community, subjecting these
little children at their tenderest age, when most
impressible, to ail moral influences, to contacts
which cannot but be harmful; but there are
physical and moral results to grow from this
exclusion, for such it will be, of white children
from the benefit of public schools of this Dis-
trict. Speaking now in regard to the material
interests of the city of Washington and the
District of Columbia, what is at this time
especially needed here by every man whose
home is here compulsoriiy or by choice for
many months of the year? It is the presence
of skilled and diversified labor. That is what
Washington now needs. She needs a popula-
tion of mechanics, of small artisans, of what
you may call minor manufacturers, who are
generically styled as " the skilled labor of the
country." Mr. President, the skilled labor of
the country means the while labor of the country.
There is no other class of skilled labor in this
country or any other than white labor, The
black, labor, -useful, excellent, valuable as it
is, is not skilled labor. Neither manufactures
nor commerce in its minor grades, nor mechan-
ics in any of their forms, are materially aided
by the contribution of what I may term the
negro labor of the United States. They fill,
as we all know, a most important and an es-
sential grade in society. As menial servants
there are none so available, none, in my opin-
ion, who are their equals. The ready, kindly
sympathy which they from their natures are
so calculated and enabled to express makes
them the most agreeable and useful menial
servants. It is a class essential to the com-
munity, A community without the menial
class is utterly defective. It is a grade quite
as essential to the Welfare and happiness of'
the community us the higher grades of intel-
lect. Nay, they have other uses. There is
an unskilled labor of various kinds, what is
termed in biblical language "the hewing of
wood and drawing of water," which they are
able to fulfill in happiness to themselves and
usefulness to the community; but no man
here, no man on this floor or anywhere else,
if he be an oidiuarily intelligent man, will tell
me that the skilled labor of the country owes
any appreciable amount to the colored race.
Washington needs skilled labor: and yet
what is the necessary result of this bill? Do
you suppose that this class of artisans to whom
1 have referred, these men whose skilled labor
is necessary to build up this city to what it
ought to be, a fitting metropolis for the Union,
will come here and bring their families, bring
their property, and settle in a place where they
cannot enjoy the advantages of education unless
their little girls and their little boys are to bo
subjected to contact with the children of the
negroes of this city? Why, sir, there can
be but one answer to thai. No man hon-
estly believes, there is no Senator on this
floor, even from the New England Slates,
who believes there can be any doubt of the
answer if you put the question to any intelli-
gent mechanic in Massachusetts, Vermont, :
Connecticut, Rhode Island, Maine. If you 'J
told him, a man who was a skilled mechanic,
by whom the advantages of education were
entirely appreciated, who had not the means
to keep himself free from debt and keep bis
children at the same time at private schools,
wbo desired to avail himself to the fullest
extent of the public schools of the commun-
ity—if you told hint " Come'to Washington,
there is a fine field open for your exertions ;
there is a fair chance for you in your line of
business ; you will there prosper".—so far so
well; the man would wish to come ; he would
dcsiie to come; but when you coupled with it
the fact that his little girl and his little boy
would be compelled to associate with negroes
in the public schools, he would not come; ha
would slay away; and there is not a man
within the sound of my voice who does not
know it to be so.
Therefore, Mr. President, I say with confi-
dence that no real friend to the prosperity and
advancement of Washington as a city will ever
vote that such a measure as this should be-
come the law. I do not think that any real
well-wisher of the colored men or the white
men either will vote for such a law. I should,
perhaps, qualify that expiession by saying no
judicious well-wisher; but as I have said
before, it would be as absurd as it would be
palpably unjust to deny to the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts the siug'cuei.s of pur-
pose, the consistency, the courage with which
be has followed his darling idea to the exclu-
sion of almost every other. I believe him to
be a well-wisher in isis own way, but I cannot
but give him and give the Senate the result
of my equally conscientious and indppendent
opinion ihat his proposed measure of aid will
prove the greatest hiuderance and evil.
There is nothing that could really benefit
