1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3991
one of said amendment after the word " heavy"
insert the word "rilled;" and at the end of said
amendment add the following words: " and ttie
powder and projectiles necessary for testing the
same shall be supplied from stores on hand;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That, the Senate recede from their twenty-ninth
amendment and agree to the clause modified as fol-
lows : strike out all after the word " testing," in line
twenty-two, on page 7 of the bill, down to the end
of line twenty-five on same page, and insert in lieu
the following words: " James Crockett's graduating
and accelerating cartridge, and for experimenting
with patent metallic cartridge of Willis E. Moore,
and other improvements in ammunition, $5,000;"
and the House agree to the same,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: strike out
of said amendment all after the word " appointed,"
in line five, down to and including the word " field,"
in line seven, and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing words, " by the Secretary of War." And strike
out uf s.iid amendment all after the word " officers,"
in line eight, down to and including the word" war,"
inline nine; and in same line nine strike out the
word "two" and insert in lieu the word "one;"
and after the word "officers," in same line nine,
insert the following words, "one ordnance officer;"
and at the end of said amendment add the following
words:14 to any of its officers or employes, or lor any
patent in which said officers or employes may be
directly or indirectly interested;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
On amendment of the Senate number eight they
make no recommendation.
J. R. WEST,
FKANK P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
0. J. DICKEY,
JOHN COETJRN.
THOMAS SWANN",
Manager* on the part of the Home.
Mr. CONKLING. What is amendment
number eight?
Mr. WEST. The Fort Leavenworth mat-
ter. We hold that open. I now move that
the Senate concur in the report made by the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
of conference on the Army appropriation bill
have reported an agreement upon all the
amendments thereto except that in relation to
the Fort Leavenworth reservation. They ask
that the report be agreed to and a new con-
ference asked of the House of Representatives
upon that particular item. If there be no ob-
jection, it will be so ordered. It is so ordered.
How shall the conferees be appointed ? ["By
the Chair."] The Chair will appoint the same
conferees, the Senator from Louisiana, [Jlr.
West,] the SenatorfromIllniois,[Mr. Logan,]
and the Senator from Missouri, [Air. Blair.]
Mr. LOGAN subsequently said: I notice
that I was appointed again on the conference
committee on the part of the Senate in refer-
ence to the Army appropriation bill. I ask to
be excused from serving on that committee,
for the reason that I am now on so many com-
mittees that I cannot attend to them all.
The question being put, Mr. Logan was
excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT was authorized to
fill the vacancy, and he appointed Mr. Mor-
rill, of Maine.
tax ASD tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
©rder.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tobacco
question is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was one section
passed over at my request last night to allow
me to have a substitute prepared, and I wish
now to offer it
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to ask a
question first for convenience. In looking
over the bill, I find no provision in reference
to goods in bond, and I wish the Senator
would give an assurance thus publicly, if he
can, that there is to be such a provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a section here
expressly providing for it.
Mr. CONKLING. Reported by the com-
mittee?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I had overlooked it.
Then, as I understand, it is the purpose of
the committee to make provision for all goods
in bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will find it
on page 32 of the bill.
I now offer the following amendment as a
substitute for section [thirteen] fourteen at
the top of page 54. It is only a difference in
the mode of fixing the pay of gaugers. In lieu
of that section, I move to insert:
That on and after the date when this act shall
take effect, the compensation of internal revenue
gaugers shall be by fees depending upon the quan-
tity gauged, to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, which, together with their
actual and necessary traveling expenses verified
by the oath of the gauger, and the compensation of
internal revenue gaugers and storekeepers, shall
be paid by the United States monthly without
requiring reimbursement by distillers.
Mr. CONKLING. What section does that
strike out?
Mr. SHERMAN. The section at (he top
of page 54. Instead of a per diem, we allow
them fees.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the pending amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in
regard to the tax upon tobacco.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw that to
allow the question to be taken distinctly on
striking out the section proposed by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Wright.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
then recurs on the motion of ttie Senator from
Iowa, [iMr. WIught,] to strike out the clause
fixing the tax upon all tobacco as proposed
in the House bill at twenty cents, and as pro-
posed by the Senate committee at twenty-four
cents, the effect being to leave the tobacco tax
as it now is.
Mr. WRIGHT. The pending motion, made
by myself, is to strike out the entire clause
from line eight to line nineteen, inclusive, on
page 55, and the effect of that motion, as has
been explained very clearly by the Chair, will
be to leave the tax as it now stands. I desire
to say before the vote is taken, however, that
if this clause shall be stricken out I propose
to follow it up with an amendment that will
remove the difficulties to some extent, if not
entirely, which have been suggested to the law
as it now stan,ds; in other words, to place the
sixteen-cent tax on the very cheapest qualities
of tobacco. T desire to say also that when
this vote shall be taken I shall call for the
yeas and nays, and regard it as settling the
question by vote of the Senate whether they
propose to have a uniform or discriminating
tax.
I trust I shall be allowed to say one word
further before the vote is taken. To the prop-
osition that I suggested last night I have yet
heard no answer; that is, that it is important
to the interests of trade that we shall have sta-
bility in taxation. To the statement that there
has been no complaint against this tax I have
also heard no answer. It is true that it was
suggested by the Senator from Texas that the
consumers were not here and were not able to
get here; but it was entirely in their power to
have sent up theirpeiitions ortheir complaints,
if they had any to make. Those complaints
have come from the manufacturers alone. No
word of complaint has come from any person
else.
I think for these reasons alone that the Sen-
ate ought to be satisfied to let this tax remain as
it is. In the first place, if you have a uniform
tax you disturb existing industries. If you let
the tax remain as it is, then persons know what
the tax is, and they can arrange their business
accordingly. There is no reason why this tax
should be disturbed. If you make the tax
uniform at twenty-four cents, then under the
law it will be necessary for those who put up
the cheaper quality of tobacco, smoking
tobacco, to incur an additional expense of
three cents for each package or each pound,
and thereby make them pay twenty-seven cents
instead of twenty-four cents upon the cheaper
quality of tobacco, while the higher article of
tobacco pays twenty-four cents. Now, because
we ought to have stability of taxation, because
we have had no complaint from consumers,
and because by a uniform tax. so called, we
shall really place a heavier tax on the cheaper
article of tobacco, I insist that the law shall
remain as it is now.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, revenue is
necessary to the Government, and the most
just and simple form in which that revenue
can be collected is certainly best. The prop-
osition of the House ofRepiesentatives comes
here as an indication of the popular will on
this subject, aud I am disposed to vote for
it or for the principle of uniformity of taxa-
tion, for the reaspn that it has the sanction of
the popular branch of Congress, those who
reflect directly the will of the people.
The position of the Senator from Iowa,
that the people have not complained with re-
gard to this tax, does not strike me with much
force. The factthatthe people have not com-
plained of the burdens that are upon them is
no reason why those burdens should not be
lessened if it be within the power of the Gov-
ernment properly to do it. If it is within the
power of the country, regarding the interests
of the nation, to lighten the burdens of the
people, Congress should not wait until the
people complain that they are overtaxed, in
order to move forward in the direction of their
relief.
But there is another reason why the tax
should be uniform, and it is a practical reason,
it has been testified to here that all classes of
tobacco are used in both forms, both of plug
and cut tobacco; but 1 assert, from my knowl-
edge, my information, and my experience, that
the laboring classes of the country, the no-
madic classes, the men who work in the fields,
use the plug tobacco, aud for a very good rea-
son : in the first place, the cut tobacco is
bulky; it cannot be carried, it cannot be
transported with that safety and with that ease
that the plug tobacco can be. It absorbs
perspiration and soon becomes spoiled. The
aroma of the cut tobacco is not equal in
strength to that of plug tobacco, as a general
rule; and among all the laboring classes of
the South not a hundredth portion of the to-
bacco used by them is in any other form t.han
plug tobacco. It is stronger; it keeps better;
it can be carried about the person without
injury to the tobacco; it can be carried in
the field, and is always ready for use.
Now, sir, the colored people of the country,
who of all the people of this land are most
excusable for the indulgence of this pernicious
habit, use almost entirely the plug tobacco.
They smoke the plug tobacco to the exclusion
of the cut tobacco, because it is more exhil-
arating, the aroma isstronger. Ido notremem-
ber in my experieace to have seen the cat
tobacco used by the laboring class of the South.
To the shopkeeper, the storekeeper, those who
remain about houses and who can use the cut
tobacco with convenience, it is cheapest
and can be used best. I have seen more cut
tobacco used since I have been in Washington
city than I have in all my life before. If this
tax is kept up, it will go forward until the very
best tobacco in all the market will find its form
tor sale in that of the cut tobacco because of
the discrimination against that tobacco on the
question of tax.
Now, uniformity we desire; uniformity is a
necessity; and there is a directness in this
thing of a uniform tax that should be con-
sidered.
Finding that my time is nearly out,* I will
not elaborate another proposition that I in-
tended to touch upon, but will say—I believe
I have time for that—that if I had my way
with taxation I would continue the tax upon
