1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
dria, Portland, or Chicago, yet in two respects
the two classes of cases are widely different:
first, in respect to the power, or ability of
the community injured to repair the damage ;
and Becond, as to the effect of the injury upon
the commerce and industry of the surrounding
regions.
In the minor instances the means of recupe-
ration have not been destroyed, but still exist
immediately around the locality ; the lines of
traffic, commerce, and travel have not been
disturbed to such a degree as to turn them into
other channels or to block them up or destroy
them. In other words, all the elements from
which industry created that which was de-
stroyed still exist in that immediate vicinity,
and the vital force of the community has neither
been destroyed nor paralyzed; the surface has
been ruffled and agitated, but the fountain has
not been broken up.
But look at the case before us. It is widely
different from the ordinary occurrences referred
to. Here the very heart of a vast compact
community—a city, as it were, within a city—
is swept with the besom of destruction; the
kernel is consumed, and but the hull is left
as if to mark the boundary of the blackened
smoldering ruins. Not a few individuals only
are rendered houseless, but the entire popu-
lace of a city is driven before a sea of flame,
homeless and shelterless, forced to seek on the
open prairie the only place of safety, exposed
to the fury of the wintry storm, the chill of
night, and the gnawingsof unsatisfied hunger.
No time is given for the preservation of prop-
erty and effects, but each is forced to escape
as rapidly as possible before the devouring
element. Each avenue is filled with a stream
of wild, struggling humanity, thinking only of
self-preservation.
The fortunate ones who had escaped the
fiery scourge, although opening hearts, hands,
and homes to the distressed, were unable to
afford even temporary relief to the multitudes ;
the number exceeded the capacity of their
houses, and the loss exceeded the capacity of
their purses. Those that were left, Mr. Pres-
ident, were inadequate to the herculean task.
I can bear testimony to the willing sacrifices
made by all classes of the citizens of Chicago
who were not burned out to assist and relieve
those who were; but it was like attempting to
feed five thousand with five loaves and two
fishes without the power to work a miracle.
But what they could not do He who wrought
the miracle did; He touched with the finger of
His love the hearts of the nation, and the
munificent donations and substantial evidences
of sympathy that flowed ill from every quarter
gave unmistakable proof that the wells of
human generosity were not dried up in the
hearts of men. Call our age selfish if you will,
but you will hunt the pages of history in vain
for such an evidence of generosity; you will
search the records in vain to find the account
of so magnificent a response to the call for
assistance by the sufferers of any single local
calamity. Sir, these tokens of sympathy were
to us like precious jewels gathered from the
ashes of our homes.
Be assured that the citizens of Chicago duly
appreciate these substantial evidences of regard
for them in the hour of their distress; and
allow me here, as one of the representatives,
in behalf of our people, to express thanks to
the cities, towns, and individuals of our own
country who have responded so generously to
the cry of distress; and not only to the citi-
zens and corporations of our own country, but
also to tliose of other nations who have so
promptly assisted in extending to our dis-
tressed the means of present relief. The con-
tributions in money received up to the present
time, I believe, amount to about two and a
half million dollars, beside the supply of cloth-
ing, food, books, and donations through private
sources and for special purposes; and besides
the prompt aid afforded under Government
authority in the way of blankets, &c. Yes,
individual assistance has far exceeded all that
could have been expected, and in behalf of
the city and its sufferers I again express sin-
cere thanks for this noble response.
But, Mr. President, this case is one without
a parallel: there is something more required
than individual aid. This can afford only tem-
porary relief at best. It cannot be expected
that this can continue for any considerable
length of time, nor can it be supposed that
this will restore us to our original status.
While we are grateful for the aid so kindly
furnished, we do not expect or desire to stand
forever knocking at the doors of others for
charity. It, is life, vitality, an assurance of
permanent existence as a city that we need.
Our citizens have already given unmistakable
evidences of indomitable will and unflagging
energy, but the blow was a severe one, and
their burdens are heavy, and they ask of the
Government now a substantial evidence of its
generosity ; they ask the aid of its strong arm
to assist them once more to stand erect.
Chicago was possessed of an existence, a
vitality, I might say an entity, which was some-
thing more than a mere aggregation of indi-
viduals and buildings. Do not think, sir, that
I am about to pronounce a eulogy on our lake
shore city ; I only allude to that which is true
of all great commercial and business points
which form the radiating centers for the indus-
try and products of the country. That it was
one of the commercial and business centers
of our nation will not be denied by any one.
A single glance at the ma|D shows, in addition
to the vast commercial privileges afforded by
the Lake, it is the meeting point of an almost
complete circle of radiating lines of railroads,
lis position at the southern extremity of Lake
Michigan makes it necessarily a station on all
the most direct lines of land traffic and travel
from the Northwest to the East, and also the
great point of contact between land and water
carriage in that part of the country. But it is
not worth while for me to expand my remarks
on this point, as every Senator is conversant
with all these facts, and I do not allude to them
with the expectation of imparting information,
but simply to call attention to them that they
may have their proper weight and influence in
deciding the extent of relief to be granted.
But not only did it possess these advantages
of position ; its citizens uniting energy to these
advantages gradually extended the vast system
of radiating lines of internal commerce and
travel until they brought it up to that point where
it might well claim to be the commercial center
and the great store-house for the productions
of the Northwest. If so, then I ask, Mr. Presi-
dent. after it has reached this status and this
importance, can it, be blotted out or wholly
paralyzed without being a national calamity ?
Does the injury affect only the citizens of the
place and the business of the city? Does
it not assume an importance, both in effect
and character, to which the casualties of daily
occurrence present no corresponding parallel V
Its disastrous effects stop not, with its own
unfortunate citizens, nor within its own bounds
and immediate vicinity; but the convulsion is
felt more or less along every artery of which
it formed the great heart; along every com-
mercial avenue of which it formed the term-
inus.
Could Now York city, Boston, or Philadel-
phia be destroyed, or the business of either
prostrated without proving a great national
calamity? Why, sir, the failure of one or two
of the most important business houses in either
of these places often sends a thrill along the
commercial lines that is felt at the most widely
separated points of the Union, and sometimes
the echo is even heard across the Atlantic.
Then would not the effect of such a disastrous
stroke to either of these cities be felt along
every line of trade centering there? Would
it not be carried back even to the innermost
parts of our country ? Most undeniably this
would be the case. And what is true in regard
to them, is, to say the least, true of Chicago,
so far as its relation to the western country is
concerned.
The rapid growth of Chicago in wealth,
commerce, and population, and in all those
elements which go to form a prosperous com-
monwealth. lias been one of the marvels of our
age. _ In other countries centuries have been
required to build up a city, even when all the
appliances of monarchical influence atid even
tyrannical power have been used to effect this
purpose. But here the first white child born
within the present corporate limits ot the city
is yet in the prime of life, while the little vil-
lage of bis nativity has expanded into a city
containing a population of nearly one third
of a million, with buildings, business houses,
manufactures, and all the evidences of wealth
and prosperity found in the older cities of more
mature growth.
The causes which have contributed to this
rapid development are various. This point
became the depot from which the productions
of the rich and almost boundless prairies of
the West were sent over the lakes to the east-
ern cities, while the returning crah brought
back the products of the eastern manufac-
tories, together with thousands of immigrants
who sought homes on the great agricultural
fields ot the Mississippi valley. Capital,
energy, and commercial wisdom soon began
that net-work of railways which has gone on
expanding and radiating uutil Chicago has
become the focal point for nearly ten thousand
miles of road, reaching by its connections
with every pyrt of the continent, and connect-
ing east, west, and south with all the leading
trans-oceanic lines. It formed the great gran-
ary for a vast area of the richest agricultural
lands of the Union, from whence the gathered
products by numerous patallel railways and
an immense marine sent them onward to the
ocean.
The following statistics, which I take from
one of our papers, will give you a tolerably cor-
rect summary of the various branches of trade
which have ministered to the city's wealth and
population, and of the amount which flowed
into this reservoir through the various channels
centering there: „ ,
Value.
Flour 68,000,000
Wheat 18,000,000
Corn 13,000,000
Oats  4,000,000
Pork  2,000.000
Dressed hogs  0,000,000
Live hogs 45,000,000
Tobacco  0,000,000
Cattle 22,000,000
Coal  8,000,000
Lumber   10,tXX),000
Iron ore ,.15,000,000
Shingles  2,500,000
Lath  1.000,000
Highwines  0,000,000
Boots and shoes    8,000,000
Drugs and chemicals  4,000,000
Hardwaro  5,000,000
Jewelry  G,0f'0,000
Dry goods .-4...S5,000,000
Groceries 53,000,000
"The total trado i« estimated at $400,000,030,show-
ing an incieuL,n of nine per ccut. on agold basis over
that of the previous year. Before the fire there
were seventeen largo grain elevators, having an ag-
gregate capacity of 11,580,000 bushels; the largest
accommodating 1,703,000 bushels.
"To carry on this immense traffic,eighteen banks
were in operation with an aggregate capital of nearly
810,000,000, with nearly $17,000,000 of deposits. Tha
total amount of cheeks passing through tho clearing
house during the year 1870, was $810,000,000.
"To accommodate this largo traffic, and the vast
travel to and from this point, not loss than ono hun-
dred passenger trains and ono hundred and twenty
freight trains arrive and depart daily, while fully
seventy-five vessels load and unload daily at the
wharves.
"For the municipal year of 1870-71 the total as-
sessed valuation of Lhucity was $277,000,000,of whioh
$224,000,000 was real estate, and $53,000,000 personal
property. This, however, represents scarcely more
than one half of the real value, which is estimated
at about $5o0.000,000. Tho taxes collected for that
yearwere $3,000,000, besides nearlyan equal amount
for special improvements, grading, paving, and
cu bing. The personal propeity was classed as fol-
lows: individual property, S43.647.920; bank per-
sonal property, $7,511,600; vessels, $1,183,420; (cftch
item of which if raised to their true value would be
about double tho amount here given.)
