1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
had been a thorough policy in regard to this
band of muiderers, if iiny officer had dared to
puisue them and punish them. I do not say
that any were afraid to do it; but they feared
the misrepresentations of Vincent Colyer or
some man of that description. I say the offi-
cers who we have had there, on account of tiie
misrepresentations and misapprehensions to
which their conduct would give rise, have been
more afraid t.o go forward than to go back ;
they have been hailing between two opinions.
General Crook is a gentleman and a humane
man, and if you allow him to proceed lie will
do his work aud capture these robbers. I say
that is the thing that ought to be done. Do
that, and you will soon be able to dispose prop-
erly of the Arizona Indians. I do not see any
necessity for reiroving them into the Indian
territory. Some of them have cultivated lands
in Arizona and know how to cultivate them.
1 say give those Indians who are there a chance
to own their property in severalty ; let those
who are willing to work have a chance to woik ;
but catch these robbing Apaches and punish
them, and alter you have done that, put them
on reservations, if you please, and take care
of them.
There is no use in dedicating any large part
of this country to Indians. There are but few
in Aiizona; but they are hke all o'her bands
of robbers, they evade ihe authorities and will
do so until you catch and punish them. Those
who raise corn and wheat there are the most,
peaceable Inuians in the worid, and all you
need do to them is to respect their individual
rights, i undertake to say that the policy of
respecting individual rights has been ignored
in your Indian policy Iroin the beginning. You
have respected the aristocracy ot the Indians;
you have lespected their chiefs; you have not
respected the lights of individuals. You treat
wiili the chiefs; you make bargains with tItem ;
you deplete the Trea ury of the United States
to build up their authority, and you have been
doing so Il-oHi the beginning, and ia this way
jou spend your millions every year. The In-
dian policy in Arizona only illustrates it. When
you talk about sustaining in the Itidiin terri-
tory or elsewhere within this Republic coun-
tries that are not governed by republican laws,
countries that do not allow men to become
civilized but make them serfs, lfyou allowany
set ot men so to legislate within the limits ot
this Republic, there will be conflict, and there
will be conflict ill this country until every man
is covered by the law of the country, and has
his rights under the law, whether he is an
Indian or not.
Now, it is said that I do not believe they
can be civilizi d. I never said that. I said
they never fould he cvtlized until you ap-
pealed to them wilh the first principle of civ-
ilization, and that is the right of individual
property. 1 said that ) our process had been
tried since the foundation of the Government,
and that it was a miserable failure. It
is marked with blood and rascality from the
Atlantic to the Pacific. Your trading with
the nabobs has so disgu-ted the settlers, has
been so against public policy, that it has been
broken down, and cannot be maintained.
Legislate for the Indians as you legislate for
others. I deny that the Government ot the
United Stites by any treaty has abrogated the
right of Congress 10 legislate for the Indian
country. It lias the power to legislate for it.
I deny that now any one Indian m that ler-
r.tory has a right ot property which he can en
force. They hold it as a nation, the same as
the Mexicans hold their country. They own
it ill the sense the President of the United
States, perhaps, owns the United States of
America.
Mr. EDIIUNDS. Where do you think the
title does really reside?
Mr. STEWART. I believe it resides in the
Government of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has not the Supreme
Court of the United States, and have not all
thecouits before which the question has come,
decided exactly the reverse V
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon. Icanshow
that the Supreme Court of the United States
has not so decided.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Please produce the au-
thority.
Mr. STEWART. They have decided that
it is subject to the action of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
is entirely mistaken.
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon. I can
refer to the authority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senatorallndes now
to a recent case in 9 or 10 Wallace, in which
the Supreme Court has decided that the Indians
were subject to the same principles of political
legislation that everybody else was, if Congress
chose so to provide ; but the Supreme Court
of the United States never has decided, and
never will, I think I am safein saying, thatthe
title to the soil, the original title to the soil, is
not in the Indians themselves.
Mr. STEWART. They have decided that
it is subject to the legislation of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just as any other private
property is.
Mr. STEWART. There is no privateprop-
er'y there. You would insult one ot the
Indian chiefs there if you were to speak of
anything in that country being private^ prop-
erty. Ask one of the nabobs who ride in car-
riages through the streets hero whether any-
body has private property there. What would
he say? Ask such a chief how much lie owns,
and he will tell you that he is 'lie chief, he is
the big man, he has it all, and the rest pay
tribute to him. This system is degrading to
the people. Thatjrou call civilization ! Now,
1 say that you have tried this experiment long
enough, and failed all the time.
When the Indians were in New England
there was no constitutional difficuly in getting
them away. When they were in Pennsylvania
they were got rid of. When they were 111 Ohio
they were got rid of. When they were in In-
diana they were got rid of. In Wisconsin
most of them were got rid of, but a few are
left, it seems, and the proposition is to get rid
of them and drive them forward ; and we are
entertained with a talk about constituiional
rights. The constitutional question of the
paramount 1 ight of the Indian has been dis-
cussed from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and
every time they went right along in the same
way.
Now, when you find that you cannot block
this country against civilization, when you find
that you cannot dedicate it to barbarism, when
you find that civilization will advance, when
you find that the teeming millions of this coun-
tiy and of Europe will occupy this land and
make this country pro-per, wnen jou find that
all your efforts in favor of barbarism thus far
have failed, when you have failed to make a
nabob hi. to command the respect of a dog in
all this time, when you find that your efforts
have been failures, I say it is time to retrace
your steps and recognize in tbe Indian the
same principle that is implanted m other men,
the right, to mdvidual property. Give him a
home that, you wi'l not move him from. Do not
send him fiom Wisconsin, but buy him a farm
there. Thirty thousand dollars would buy iti
Wisconsin farms for all these people as much
land as they could cultivate. Buy them land
there. Let. each individual have his own tract;
let it be inalienable until be becomes civilized.
Let your Christian churches there make the
effort. Save yourtransportaiton. Do not expt.se
him to wat fare with the settlers who have gone
out to make their homes in the wilderness, as it
were. Do not keep up this struggle longer.
You have failed 111 it thus far and you wul fail
in it hereafter. The man who tlimks that any
portion of this country is to be long dedicated
to barbarism, is mistaken. You will have some
treaty to get rid of it before long.
Mv friend from Kansas [Mr. Po.weroyJ is
probably the most strenuous advocate of In-
dian rights of any man in the Senate. When
he came into the Senate neaily half of Kan-
sas belonged to Indians by these same solemn
treaties, but every year he gets lid of some
of them, and how is it done? By an IiKiian
treaty. I never could exactly comprehend the
process, but we are always told that nobody's
rights are invaded, and yet the Indians are
taken up and an appropriation is made to move
them somewhere, aud then they are taken up
again and put down somewhere else, and so
on. This is all done—I do not exactly under-
stand how—because it must be done; aud
when you know it must be done, why not
meet the question like men and say that, when
the Indians go upon a reservation every man
of them shall have forty acres, or one hun-
dred and sixty acres, or whatever amount
is necessaty, that that tract shall be his,
that he shall be encouraged to work 011 it
and to support himself 011 it? Let that be
tbe leading idea of your policy ; let it be
enforced everywhere where it can be, and
there will be some sense 111 it. No constitu-
tional argument, no reason of humanity or
otherwise, will prevent this country being civ-
ilized. It must be done. That is understood.
Now I say, in all your proceedings, if you
want to save the Indian, provide him a home
where he is. Do not move the Indians of Arizona
outof Arizona ; catch and punish the criminals
who aretheie; give those who ate willing to
si ay on reservations inducements to stay there,
such inducements as would operate 011 other
men. They may be too wild to appreciate
them now; but give them a chance. The
trouble is that there is too much aristocracy;
there is too much grandeur; there aie too
many big chiefs wilh l'eatlieisaiid all that kind
of tiling. '1 his system is very expensive, and
it is not capable of such guards as our other
legislation is.
I merely suggest to the Senate that when
the Indians ate separated by themselves on a
reservation, or in the Indian country, they
must be furnished with supplies. U ho«ver
feeds them must bring the leceipts. V\ e do
not know when an Indian dies unless the
agent reports it here. VV e do not know their
exact number except from vague rumor. JN'ow
the quicker we get the Indians wbeie we shall
know how many there ate, where you can keep
a record of them, where they have little pieces
of land each to himself, the sooner you wid
have a system whereby there will be less f.aud
in the Indian business. We are imposed upon
with the grand idea of eolleeing the Indians
together, putting them on a large reservation,
leaving them to themselves, he iging them m,
and we are told that the Indian territory w ill be
a gicat thing. What is it? A grand Indian
empire, a magnificent atistocracy ot Indian
barbarity. No white person is allowed to
go among them except those who will marry
Indians. 'Ihe thieves and robbers from one
countiy go in there, many among tbe Indians,
and become Indian citizens. Arkansas made
a haul ihe other day from there of founeen,
took them out, and hung 'hem. One great
difficulty 011 the border is that had characters
go over into the Indian territory ami become
Indian settlers, which they can do by many-
iog Indians. The worst people we havetue
opposfd to opem.g ths Indian territory
because now it is a place for them to go to. Is
it not a paradise ot civilization, when you
keep out good, honest people, Chris.lan men
and women who would go ihere and settle the
country? When you exclude their example
lrotn these people, will they not advance in
civilization very lapidly?
It seems to me that will be a grand experi-
ment to put them in there and let tliem govern
themselves! I do not believe 111 any such
thin". 1 do not believe 111 building any such
empire or State here. 1 believe if we build it
u-.j, it will only be built up to be torn down.
You will tear it down and get rid of it, just
