2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
as Kansas got rid of the Indians in that State.
You cannot maintain it. It is against public
policy; it is against the interests of the coun-
try; it is against civilization ; it is against
every sentiment that should actuate us if we
are willing to benefit our fellow-beings.
Now, I am opposed to having the Indians
treated differently from white men. Wherever
we can treat them in the same way. let us do
it. I should like to make the experiment
with these particular Indians. I would like
to see one of the Christian churches take in hand
these Indians of my friend from Wisconsin.
Let each one of them have a piece of land and
money enough to get along with for a while
until we see the thing work and ascertain
whether they can be civilized. I said that
they had not been civilized ; that what you
have done toward their civilization is not
worth the name. Such of them as have
made any progress are nearly white and have
been educated in your white colleges. The
ideas of civilization which you have given
them have been failures because you have not
taken the requisite step, because you have not
given them the benefit of the laws under
which civilization can exist. That is the
reason they are not civilized. They have not
had the advantage of the laws under which
civilization can exist.
Things cannot go on much longer as they
have been going on. There is now no hunt-
ing-ground for the Indians on the plains.
Take them into the Indian territory and there
is no hunting-ground there. One of two things
Must be done : you must feed them by direct
appropriation, or they must starve ; or if you
do not want to do either of these things there
will be only one other thing to do ; and that is,
to let them have some land by themselves, to
let tliem at some time get an idea of support-
ing themselves. I do not believe an Indian
is any better than a white man. I do not be-
lieve a white man ought to be taxed to sup-
port an Indian or an Indian taxed to support
a white man. I do not believe we ought to
tax everything in this country that the poor
consume as well as the rich to feed Indian
nabobs and let them lord it over the weak and
let them lord it over the territory that settlers
want. I do not believe we ought to do any-
thing of tint kind. I do not believe the peo-
ple ought to be taxed to build up an Indian
aristocracy. That is your policy, and I am
opposed to it.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask for inform-
ation a question to which an answer has not
been given yet. Jt is whether these Indians
want to be removed from Wisconsin?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 can, I think, give all the
information probably that the Senator desires
on that point. The mam body of the Winne-
bajjoes have been settled on the Niobrara river.
There are several thousand of them on the
north border of Nebraska; perhaps their reser-
vation may be partly in Dakota. The Potta-
watomies formerly resided in Kansas, and have
more recently been removed to the Indian
territory, and are now, I understand, living
in that territory. The Chippewas are living
up North—the main body of the tribe. These
are straggling bands that refused to move ori-
ginally from Wisconsin. They have no reser-
vation, lliey have no homes, and live by what
little hunting they can do there, and fishing,
and hpgging, and stealing, I suppose.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator give way
for a motion for an executive session? It is
clear that we cannot get through with the bill
to-night.
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes, we can.
Mr. THURMAN. The chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs has not answered
my question at all. The main body of the
Winnebagoes, it is true, were removed, with
their ow:i consent, some years ago. First, I
believe, part of them went, from Ohio. There
were others moved from Wisconsin to Minne-
sota, and they wtre moved two or three times,
until finally they were located at their pres-
ent reservation. But this particular sec of
Indians, these little bands of Puans, as the
French call them, for a reason that anybody
who understands French can tell 
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio that the better plan would
be to remove this remnant of the tribe to their
old homes in Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
not interrupt me. These people never would
remove. They would not remove from Wis-
consin to Minnesota ; they preferred Wiscon-
sin to Minnesota; and when the band was
removed two or three times in Minnesota,
ultimately to its present site, they would not
remove. Now they are scattered^ about in
Wisconsin, some here and some there, and
some elsewhere in the State. Now I want to
know from the chairman of the Indian Com-
mittee whether he proposes to gather up these
people who have manifested for so many years
their indisposition to leave their homes, and
to remove them by force?
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. I do not think
anybody contemplates anything of that kind ;
but if the honorable Senator thinks there is
danger of an effort of that kind being made, I
have no objection to having the amendment
modified so as to read, "with their consent.''
I do not think anybody intends to remove
them by force, but the presumption is they
would be willing to move.
Mr. THURMAN. I have only to say in
respect to this matter that I am opposed to
the whole thing. I will not occupy any more
time of the Senate except to content myself
with voting against the proposition.
Mr. PRAT T. I wish to.inquire of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs how it happens that these remnants, as
I understand they are, of the Winnebagoes,
Menomonees, Chippewas, and Pottawatomie
tribes of Indians have lost their share of the
annuities due to those tribes, and how it hap
pens that they are detached from those tnbes,
and whether the purpose of this appropriation
is to take them to the respective tribes to which
.they belong? I should be glad to have the
views of the honorable Senator on that point.
Mr. HARLAN. That was the original ob-
ject, to move the Winnebagoes to the reser-
vation of the tribe on the Niobrara river ; the
Pottawutomies to their new home down in the
Indian country, and the mixed bands of
Chippewas and Pottawatomies to the Chippewa
reservation.
Mr. PRATT. There is another inquiry that
the honorable Senator has not answered, and
that is whether these fragments of those tribes
have been in the receipt of a proportion of the
annuities of their respective tribes since they
have been living in Wisconsin.
Mr. HARLAN. I am unable to answer defi-
nitely on that point. The honorable Senator
from Minnesota perhaps can state.
Mr. RAMSEY. They were deprived of
their annuities because they would not re-
move. As a motive for their removal along
with the rest of the tribe, it was said that they
would lose the annuities it they did not remove.
It was used asa means to induce them to move.
Mr. HOWE. I will say further, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Indiana, that
appropriations have been made foi several
successive years for the temporary support of
the Indians in Wisconsin.
Mr. PlIATT. Appropriations in excess of
the annuities which were due to the tribes ?.
Mr. HOWE. Independent of the annuities
entirely.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope these Indians will be
retained in Wisconsin and not sent out further
West. I should like those gentlemen who have
so ranch concern tor the Indians, whose ten-
derness is manifested here in the debates, to
keep these Indians among them, or as many
as they have, and try to civrlize and Christianize
them m their own midst.
The Indians, it seems, are popular just
about in the degree that they are distant from
Senators and Representatives and communi-
ties generally. I do not believe the people
of the New Ehgland States or of the eastern
States were any more clever to the Indians
than the people of the western States are now,
nor liked them any better when they had them
in their midst. But suddenly they have be
come touched with grief for all the suffering
that has fallen on these tribes; and they de-
nounce in very round terms the treatment
which they receive from the present frontier
settlers. I am sure'that they are treated as
well by the people upon the frontiers now as
they were formerly in New England when they
had" their homes there, or as they were in any
of the more eastern States. If you wish to
extend to them your civilization and Chris-
tianity keep them where your Christianity and
civilization abound, and do not send them out
into the desert, the wilderness, where they are
apt to encounter very rude persons.
Mr. RAMSEY. May I ask the Senator if
he would receive them in Missouri?
Mr. BLAIR. We have not got any there
and we are not trying to get rid of any. We
are not trying to shove off this evil upon the
Senator in Minnesota, nor do wc wish to
receive what he wants to get rid of. I hope
the amendment will not pass, that these In-
dians, who have shown such reluctance to go
further West, will be allowed to remain where
they now are and this appropriation will not
be passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
Mr. ROBERTSON called for the_ yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Caldwell, Corbett,
Cragin. Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin,
tlarlan, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Alaine,
Morrill of Vermont. Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt.
Kamsey, Sawyer, Scott, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Colo,
Cooper. Davis ot West Virginia, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Lewis, Nor-
wood, Robertson, Saulsbury, Scburz, Stockton,
Thru-man. Tipton, and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Conkbng, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut.^Flanagan, Gilbert.
Groldthwaite, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Kice, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, and West—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move the following
amendment, to come in on page 29 at the end
of line six hundred and ninety-two, at the
close of the appropriations for t^e Kickapoos:
To enable the President of the United States to
carry out the provisions of the third at tiele of tlio
treaty made with the Kickapoo Indians, dated June
28, 1862, the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized and directed to ascertain the proportion-
ate amount of funds and the cash value thereof to
which any member of said tribe may be entitled on
becoming citizens of the United States, as provided
in said treaty, and (by converting so much of the
securities of said Indians as may be necessary for
this purpose) pay the same to each person so enti-
tled, under such rules as he may prescribe: Pro-
nided. That no part ol said money due or belonging
to minor children shall be paid to them, or to any
person for them, until said children shall have
attained the age of twenty-one years.
The treaty provided that these Indians, as
fast as they choose to become citizens 
Mr. THURMAN. What treaty is it ?
Mr. POMEROY. The treaty with the Kick-
apoos made m 1862. The third article pro-
vides :
''Article III. At any time hereafter, when the
President of the United States shall have beeouie
satisfied that any adults, being males and heads of
families, who may be allottees under the provision
of theioregoing article, aie sufficiently intelligent
and prudent to control their aS.iirs and interest-;,
he rn.iy, at the requests of such persons, cause the
land severally held by thetn to be conveyed to them
by patent in fee-simple, with power of ahemitiou;
and may, at the mime hme, eause to be paid to them,
m cash, or m the bonds of the United States, their
proportion of the cash value of the credits of the
tribe, principal and interest, then held in trust by
