408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
"The area of the city, according to the last ar-
rangement of the boundaiies. including parks, pub-
lic Fqunrcs, &c,, was about thirty-five square miles,
or 22,400 acres. The number of dwellings, accord-
ing to the last enumeration, was nearly 60,000, of
which about 40,000 were wood."
Now, Mr. President, how much of all this
remains? An area of about three miles and
a,half in length by one and. a half in breadth
lias been swept over by the fell destroyer, an
area of twenty-six hundred and eighty acres
of ruitis. About twenty thousand five hun-
dred houses, among them the finest in the
city, have been reduced to ashes, and about
one hundred and ten thousand people ren-
dered homeless; not the outskirts and sub-
urbs, where the buildings were of little value
and thinly scattered, but the very heart of the
city—the very center of the business portion.
Property, even at a moderate estimate, to the
value of $200,000,000, has been annihilated.
The indomitable perseverance and pluck
of our citizens will do much toward repairing
the damage done, and the will which in thirty
years reared such a monument to industry,
although reeling under the effects of such a
terrible blow, will doubtless build again upon
tho ashes of their former prosperity. But will
the nation, under which the city has grown up
so rapidly from its infantile condition to its
position of honor, and by which it was fos-
tered in its days of prosperity, now look on
passively and lend no helping hand in its hour
of deep adversity ?
Although the loss to our citizens has been
very great, according to this estimate, which
is not considered excessive, yet by the bill
which is before the Senate for relief we do not
ask a gratuitous appropriation of money. This
couid only be asked or expected for temporary
relief for those suffering from the pangs of
hunger mid exposure which, as already stated,
has been met by contributions from all parts
of the world.
What we desire is such action on the part
of the Government as will not only relieve
those who have suffered by the fire from the
burdens of taxation for a time, while they are
struggling to repair their losses, but will also
at the tame time be a recognition ot our status
and importance as one of the great commercial
emporiums of the country, and that w/il
inspire with confidence those who are desirous
ot investing in real estate and commencing
business upon the burnt district.
By one of these we ask at emission or refund-
ing of the import duties on all building mate-
rial used in erecting buildings on the ground
burned over for the term of one year from the
9th day of October, 1871. By the other wo ask
that the Com>nis>inner of Internal Revenue
suspend the collection of such taxes as may
Lave been assessed, or as may have accrued
piior 1o the 9th day of October, 1871, against
any person residing or doing business in that
portion of the city lecently destroyed by fire,
provided that such suspension shall not con-
tinue longer than the close of the next regular
(session of Congress.
it is scarcely necessary for me to insist on
the reasonableness of these two bills, as this,
it seems to me, is at once apparent to every
Senator. Vv hile they (fo not really draw out
oHhe Treasury any money as a direct appro-
priation, yet they afford great te.ief to our
citizens who have been thrown temporarily out
ol business, and enables those who desire speed-
ily to resume to do so with some advantage,
by taking off of them for a time the burden of
taxation, both directand by way of duty. And
every Senator will perceive at once that it will I
Lave a strong tendency to rebuild tho burnt '
district, and not strife the business to a new
locality. Tho advantage granted by the bill
for tue removal of import duties on building
materials, if speedily passed, will, as a matter
of course, cause many at once to begin the
erection of houses on this part of the city, and
thus prevent loss to the owners of the real
estate by a depreciation in value. Nor does
the beneficial effect of these measures stop
here, for by giving inducement to build up
rapidly and resume business in its old locality
and channels the commerce of the city will
thus be the sooner restored and the shock
resulting from its disturbance will the sooner
cease to be felt.
If the burned district is speedily rebuilt and
business retained there, it will not only prevent
loss to the owners of the real estate in that
part of the city, but it will prevent heavy specu-
lations in the real estate of other parts of the
city, which at this time must necessarily tend
to retard the progress of restoration; and if
the Government, by a wise and beneficial meas-
ure, can counteract both these injurious results,
it is certainly well for it to do so. Large amounts
of money have been invested in rebuilding the
burned district, partly impelled by the impres-
sion that the Government, desirous of encour-
aging and fostering a persevering spirit of
industry, would not only restore our public
buildings on a more extended scale than form-
erly, but do such other proper acts as may be
necessary to aid materially in this great work.
I am satisfied that the early passage of the
bill for the restoration of the public buildings,
which took place previous to the adjournment
for the holidays, has already done much to-
ward restoring confidence in the future pros-
perity of Chicago; for, by prompt action in
this respect, and in granting the relief sought
in the bills now before Congress, you express
your confidence in the permanency of the busi-
ness of our city, and your belief not only that
it will be restored to its former proportions,
but also that you look forward to its increase,
and that the present calamity will prove but
temporary, and ere long every trace of it will
be obliterated. History furnishes us with
scarcely a parallel from which we may draw
lessons to light the pathway of our investiga-
tions, yet there is one remarkable instance, to
which I would call attention, which illustrates
to some extent the effect of the action of Gov-
ernment in cases of this ktnd.
Moscow, in Russia, has but few, if any,
advantages of position over numerous other
points in that vast empire; yet, notwithstand
ing its repeated destruction, it has again and
again been rebuilt, and is to-day the most pop-
ulous city in that country. History tells us
that after the destructive tire of 1306, when it
was destroyed by the Tartars, I beiieve, under
Tamerlane, the duke, orczar, at once resolved
to erect the Kremlin of less destructible mate-
rials than wood. This resolve was carried
into effect, and immediately the scattered citi-
zens began to reassemble and once more build
up the city, but a trace of its former existence
having been left. In 1571, during the reign
of Ivan the Terrible, the most bloodthirsty
tyrant that ever disgraced Europe, the Tartars
again swept down upon it and scourged it
with fire. Surrounding it on all sides, they set
the entire outskirts afire ; an impetuous wind
favoring their designs, it was soon ingulfed
in a sea of flame, and the unfortunate inhabit-
ants, driven back by their cruel enemies, per-
ished by thousands in the relentless flames,
lire peasants from the surrounding regions
having gathered here for safety, the lowest
estimate is that two hundred and fifty thousand
perished at that time. But the Kremlin, which
was surrounded by a high wall, escaped de-
struction, and was left as almost the solitary
monument of the city's former greatness. Al-
though previous to the fire the plague had swept
over the city, carrying off its tens of thousands,
and the brutal tyrant had made its streets to
run blood by the butchery of its best citizens,
yet notwithstanding all this, and its complete
destruction by fire, save the Kremlin, which
was the only important building left, as soon as
the invaders had departed the rebuilding com-
menced. Even the tyrant encouraged them,
and soon there was once more a Moscow.
Again, in September 1812, when Napoleon
Bonaparte entered it, it wds, once more swept
by the devouring flames of the fiery demon,
scarcely one fourth remaining to mark the site.
Again the Kremlin escaped, although the reign
of lire drove even the invaders from this place
of security. But the desolation did not last
long, for Russian patriotism soon raised from
its ashes their holy city. Subscriptions were
opened in every part of the empire, and the
liberality of the sovereign seconded the enthu-
siasm of his subjects. Moscow arose like a
phcenix from her ashes, in greater beauty and
grander proportions than before.
Now, Mr. President, although location and
other circumstances had something to do in
rebuilding the city again and again in its
former position, I cannot but think, and I
believe the history of the case bears me out in
the conclusion, that the building and pres-
ervation of the Kremlin had much to do in
bringing about this result.
Our Kremlin, our Government residences,
have been reduced to ashes, and yon have
promptly ordered their restoiation and made
an'appropriation therefor,which, if judiciously
expended, will rear them again in grander pro-
portions than before. Our citizens, encouraged
by this evidence of your confidence, will again
enter into business with that unflagging energy
which made Chicago what it was before its
destruction.
But, Mr. President, wo desire to see the
dark spot which marks the pathway of the con-
flagration once more covered with business
houses, happy homes; and by the passage of
the bills now before Congress 1 believe this will
be more effectually accomplished than by any
other aid that couid bo granted. The advan-
tages thereby given to this district will form a
strong inducement to business men to select
this site in preference to others.
As before remarked, Chicago is the great
converging and distributing point for the pro-
ducts of the West, both by lake and railroad
transportation; and here is the chief radiating
point of travel to and from the Northwest,
and, as a natural consequence, the farmers,
mechanics, and business men of the surround-
ing regions are in a great measure dependent
upon it as the source of their supplies! and as
the shipping and transfer point ior their pro-
ducts. Therefore its facilities for meeting
these wants should be in like proportion, and
its restoration should be effected as speedily
as possible. Here the flour, wheat, corn, oats,
hogs, cattle, lumber, fruit, &c., of nearly the
entire Northwest, and also of a large portion
of the West, are collected and distributed, in
addition to the wholesale business which is
done in the various articles of met ehandise.
I do not speak of these with any desire to
contrast them with ihe business of other lead-
ing cities, or as claiming that they aie differ-
ent in character from the necessities of other
points, but in order to show the bearing aud
influence Chicago has upon the trade of alarge
portion of our country, and tho necessity for
Congress to foster it as far as possible consist-
ent with its powers.
It is almost impossible, Mr. President, for
any one who has not visited our ciiv since the
fire to appreciate folly tho extent of our loss.
A mere statement of the lacts can scarcely con-
vey a true idea of its magnitude.
Partly as a mere matter of curiosity, and partly
that I might learn the lessons they teach, 1
have examined with some (are into'fhe great
fires of the past, from that of Rome in the
time of Nero down to that of Moscow in 1812,
already referred to ; and from this examination
I am convinced that this of Chicago exceed;,
them all in the extent of the area butned over
and the number of houses and value of prop-
erty destroyed. There are some instances
where the loss of life has been as great, but as
ageneral thing in these cases they were brought
about by invading armies and attended by the
horrors of war.
The_ fire in Rome which occurred during
the reigu of Nero, according to the account
