S56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Senate.
Equal Rights in Public Schools—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the colored people of this country individually
or as a race tliat I would not be rejoiced to
sustain. I owe them personally throughout
all my life for too many acts of personal kind-
ness, and I am happy to believe that in the
course of ray life I never voluntarily hurt the
feelings or injured the welfare of any member
of that race ; but I cannot believe that any
well-wisher of that race can contemplate the
effects of such a bill as this in this District
without great regret and dismay as to its con-
sequences.
Mr. President, this bill would not be com-
plete at the present time if it did not con-
tain some portion oi that coercive disposition
which seems to mark so unhappily the legisla-
tion of this country for the last twelve years.
The idea that this is a voluntary Government
sustained by the people because they love it,
the laws executed because they represent the
will of the people, seems to be nearly passed
out of sight. There seems now to be no law
that shall speak to the people by its own voice
and by its own majesty, relying upon their
ready assent to it because it is the law and
because it is their law. No. sir ; there must
be a penalty; there must be something to
drive them to obey, and such seems to me to
be the unhappy feature in almost every public
law that is now proposed. There is no longer
trust in the desire of the people to execute
the laws of their own free will; but you seem
to rely only upon the fact that they are
to be scourged with fines and penalties and
driven to the work which can never be so
well performed as when the heart shall dic-
tate the act which the hand performs. Con-
gress has been so in the habit of driving
and coercing the people of this country that
it seems to me now that they have taken up
that as the ruling principle of mere despotism
in regard to every act of Congress, no longer
trusting upon the hearty loyal wish of the
people themselves to carry into effect volun-
tarily the laws which their representatives
have made, and which if wise would commend
themselves without recourse to penal threats.
Therefore it is that in this bill we find suits
provided for. Where, in the history of the
legislation of any State in the Union, do you
find fiues and penalties attached to an educa-
tional bill? Buthere you have rights of action
and here you have suits authorized, in which
a trustee, not only for any violation of any of
the provisions ot this act, but even for an
attempt to do so, shall ipso facto lose his
official powers without trial, without adjudi-
cation, without hearing; the attempt shall be
sufficient to remove him from his office, and
the commissioners shall instantly appoint his
successor, aud damages are to be secured by
an action on the case in behalf of any child, to
be brought by a person duly authorized to sue
in its behalf.
Mr. President, a bill like this, which is to be
crammed or sought to be crammed down the
throats of these people without their asking
for it, and against what is known to be their
wish, probably ought to contain such a pro-
vision as that. I have seen too often the Con-
gress of the United States relying much more
upou the force they could bring to execute a
law than upon the moral sentiment of the
community that they would obey it because it
was the law. I long for the day when this
coercive tone shall be silenced. I long for the
day when the real wishes and the happiness
of the people of this country—•" the consent
of the governed" — shall be the underlying
principle of every act of legislation. It is " a
-consummation devoutly to be wished" that
such a tone should replace that which now
and for years past has been the governing tone
of legislation.
There are other objections and results of
this bill which I do not care to trouble the
Senate with detailing. The remarks that I
have made against it have been comparatively
without preparation and unpremeditated. I
know that there is another object. It is not
the question of education of the blacks, for
that has been amply provided for by taxation
of the whites. It is not that there are not fine
school-houses, ample accommodations, ample
means, because a walk through this city will
show such outlay, such expense for the bene-
fit of these people as scarcely any portion of
this country shows for the benefit of the white
people elsewhere, much less here. They want
to break down the barriers of race; they wish
to break down the prejudices of race. Who
made those barriers? Who implanted those
prejudices ? It was the God of nature ; and all
the human laws that ever were passed, or that
ever shall be enacted, will be futile indeed.
If men will not learn the folly of attempting
to array their weak powers against His, they
will be taught as men have been taught in the
past, and taught at bitter cost to themselves.
The object of thus bringing the youth of these
two races together is to produce the fusion of
races, the amalgamation of the races, or, by its
more modern and fantastical term, the mis-
cegenation of these two races. They believe
that by beginning early, the minds of children,
ductile and impressible, will be overborne, and
the instincts of race for the time in their case
may be overcome, and there may be a mingling,
and that a mongrel race is then to spring up
in this country aud take the place of the two
distinct races which now inhabit it.
I shall not take time here, for it is not worth
while for me to refer to the great country of
Mexico on our southern borders; a country
which Providence has dealt with so liberally,
toward which His hand has been most open
with its bounties : washed by two great seas ;
the very natural seat and heart and core of
the commerce of the world ; but Mexico is a
doomed and a blasted country, almost beyond
the hope of man's imagination or schemes for
her political salvation. Why? Her soil is
rich ; her climate is varied; the bowels of the
earth are filled with the most precious metals.
Why is it that a country so blessed by nature
is in this hopeless condition? The answer is
plain; you have corrupted the blood of her
people. There is no longer a pure race in her
midst, and the man who is best fitted to-day
to govern (Juarez) is a man who is an Indian,
and whose blood has been kept pure from un-
natural intermixtures. You have a mongrel
nation in Mexico, and what is the result? You
have a nation without traditions, without
nationality, without a moral tone, which after
all is the very basis essential to a people; and
what has destroyed it? Mongrelism, the mix-
ing of the bloods of different races, has
destroyed it; and you no longer have a race
there fit or worthy or capable of sustaining
themselves under a government of law, and
of protecting themselves in their persons and
property as a civilized nation.
As a contribution upon this point which per-
haps may have authority with the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, from the fact that
the letter is written from Liberia by a pure
negro, 1 would like the Clerk to read what he
has said as one of the results of that policy of
attempting, againt the will of God, to mingle
the negro and the white race of the country.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Monrovia, October^, 1869.
Pe,ar ®ie: I send inclosed a catalogue of
all the students who have ever been in the Liberia
College. It will be seen that not only were they not
natives, (aborigines,) but more than three fourths
the number have been largely mixed with the Cau-
casian blood, and among these death and disease
have made sad ravages.
44 The great practical difficulty in the way of suc-
ceeding with our schools is the lack of suitable
teachers. It is sad to relate that notwithstanding
the thousands^of dollars spent annually hero by the
different missions for educational purposes, there
are still but very few teachers to be found, especially
among females, able to conduct properly an element-
ary school. The reason is that pains and money
have been bestowed upon persons largely mixed
with Caucasian blood, who, if males, have mostly
died, or if females, have got married and assumed
the cares of a family. It seems that the females of
mixed blood, who are not obliged to put forth much
exertion, and not subject to much exposure, last
longer than the males. It appears, also, that mu-
lattoes born and brought up in America, if they can
pass through the acclimating process, stand the
climate much better than those born here, but only
by engaging in as little physical or mental labor as
possible. Persons having an admixture of foreign
blood are very frail, easily take cold, and seldom
recover from a severe attack of illness. This will
account iu part for our want of enterprise and pro-
gress here. Such men have had the lead and man-
agement of things, and by the fearful example of
their disastrous inactivity, have been obstructive
guides, discouraging all energy and go-aheadative-
ness.
** Before thequestion of race came up here, mulat-
toesdied just as they do now, but it was not noticed.
Their morality was put down to the general unhealth-
iness of the climate. But since Professor Freeman,
in his address of July, 1868, called the attention of
the people to the startling history of mixed breeds
on this coast for the last two hundred years, the
mixed classes have been watching with alarm the
numerous indications of the frail tenure of their
existence.
"I have been for the last eighteen years connect-
ed with educational matters here, and feel safe in
giving it as one reason why we are no better off in
men to take charge of schools and churches, that the
attention of educators has been principally devoted
to persons of feeble constitutions.
" The idea was that the presence of white blood
imparted a greater aptitude for learning, and such
persons were to be fitted for teachers. Black boys
of hale and hearty physique were left to grow up
unnoticed. Many of them have taken to sea-taring
life, or gone to reside as permanent traders among
the natives, who might now be active workers in
our destitute fields. But with all the advantages
afforded to themiscegens, still the only professors for
the college yet produced in Liberia are pure ne-
groes; and the only man with enterprise, energy,
and talent enough to explore the interior, calculate
distances, and construct a map, is a pure negro: and
in the future, if we have any scientific men here,
botanists, mineralogists, chemists, &c., they are
sure to be pure negroes, and perhaps from the
native tribes.
" But what has become of the half and three fourths
white prot&g6s ? In the Alexandria High School we
had Armistead, Miller, Fleming, Melville, Augustus,
Fryson, Samuel D'Lyon, Colston, Waring, James II.
Roberts ; all are dead. In Liberia College we have
had James H. Evans, J. J. Roberts, jr., Beverly
Russell, J. T. Chambers, John Henry, J. H. Harris,
Edmund J. Payne; all dead. J. W. Leone is a rav-
ing maniac, and may die at any moment. In con-
nection with this, I would like you to read a letter
which I wrote last ye«3r to Mr. William Tracy, of
New York, dated September 11, 1868. Facts, it is
said, are God's arguments. I venture to affirm that
if the names I have just cited had been negroes,
three fourths of them at least would have been liv-
ing to-day; for in all that spsrce of time I know of
only one negro connected with either institution
who has died—N. R. Richardson, of sun-stroke.
. * Now, who is to blame for these things? No one
m the past ; but if they are continued in the future,
after G-od has presented his arguments, then those
who continue them must be blamed. I do not
charge guilt upon any one in the past, for I believe
that these things were not done at theinstigation of
wrong passions, but under the delusion of a false
theory. And you, gentlemen in America, proud of
your race and blood, have thought, perhaps, that it
must, as a matter of course, endure here when
strengthened by a negro basis, and bring to the ne-
gro an accession of improving mental qualities. But
your theory has not stood the test. So far as physical
health and vigor are concerned, I would rather take
my chance here as a pure Caucasian than as a mon-
grel. The admixture of the Caucasian and negro is
not favored by Providence in intertropical Africa,
whatever may be the case in America. Let me beg
you to look at this matter at once before wasting any
more thousands upon an impracticable scheme. G-od
does not intend that the Egypt of America shall be
reproduced in this African Canaan. If persons who
are naif and three fourths Egyptian could live and
thrive here, li the families whose disappearance and
extinction I have noticed in my letter to Mr.
iracy could have lived and carried out their views,
and gratified their tastes, we should long since have
had a miniature Egypt here, with its caste, feelings,
and prejudices.
+ 6 of the negro in America must learn
t negro can exist and prosper with-
ou,t the aid of white blood in his veins.
,, -r\ow,slavery is abolished in America, and
the blacks are being educated, it is to be hoped that
all good men will discourage, as far as possible, the
miscegenation doctrine. The negro race is injured
by it tar more than the white, for by prejudice the
nondescript progeny is consigned to our side, even
it tney are three fourths or seven eighths white, and
thus involve us m an inextricable ' muddle.' This
is certainly a vexed question* But the higher piano
