1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
of Tacitus, destroyed ten of the fourteen dis-
tricts of the city; but the area burned is not
further designated, nor is any estimate of the
value of the property destroyed furnished.
Judging from what is known of the extent of
the city at that time, I am inclined to think
the number of houses destroyed was much less
than the number reduced to ashes in Chicago.
Moscow at the time of its destruction by
the Tartars in 1571 could not have had more
than six or seven thousand houses and a per-
manent population of more than one hundred
and twenty thousand inhabitants; as we learn
from a reliable author, who visited the city
some thirty years previous, that it contained
only about forty-five hundred houses and one
hundred thousand inhabitants. The large loss
of life at this time was occasioned by an im-
mense number of refugees fleeing to this point
as a place of safety.
The fire which occurred in Venice in 1514,
although extending, as the historian tells us,
" a very long way through the richest and most
populous part of that city," could not compare
in extent with the larger ones of more modern
times.
The great fire of Constantinople which hap-
pened in 1606, although causing a heavy de-
struction of life, was but small compared with
that of Chicago, if we may judge by the value
of property destroyed, which is estimated at
four million gold ducats, or about nine million
dollars, which I believe is the estimate of that
destroyed in Portland in I860.
At first I was inclined to believe that the
fire in our city was eclipsed by the great fire
of London in 1666. But after reading the
very minute accouut of this in the Harleian
Miscellany, to which my attention has been
called by our polite and cyclopedic congres-
sional librarian, I find that even here 1 was
mistaken. This account states that of the four
hundred and sixty acres on which the city of
London (proper) stood three hundred and
fifty acres weie burned over; that about
twelve thousand houses, besides eighty-seven
churches and a number of public buildings,
were destroyed. The total loss is estimated
at £7,335,000, or nearly $37,000,000.
The amount of property destroyed at Mos-
cow by ihe fire which happened at the time
of Bonaparte's invasion has doubtless been
greatly exaggerated ; for by some historians
the number of buildings burned is estimated
at over thirty thousand, and the value of prop-
erty destroyed at $150,000,000. But the more
accurate accounts, which give the exact num-
ber saved, estimate the loss at not more than
seven or eight thousand, giving the entire
number, including churches and public build-
ings, at not more than ten thousand.
Now, Mr. President, compare these statis-
tics with those of the great fire in Chicago, and
the extent of our loss will be more vividly
appreciated.
Here a storm of fire, as if bursting from the
heavens, which for fourteen weeks had been
like brass above our heads, began its work in
the southern and western portions of our city,
and spreading out its arms of flame to the
breadth of one mile and a half, swept east and
northward for three miles and a half, devour-
ing everything which lay in its pathway. Its
fury, fed by the hurricane which commenced
blowing about this time, as if to lend a hand
in the work of destruction, caused the sea of
fire to roll on with an impetuosity that no
human power could withstand. Engines and
all their accompanying appliances were of no
more avail than human effort would be to stay
the waves of the mighty ocean. The flames,
as though amused at the efforts, would sweep
through the buildings around them and shoot
out their red banners from the windows and
roofs behind them as tokens of victory. Leap-
ing from house to house, and often with mighty
strides vaulting over an entire block as the
avant courrier of the host which followed be-
hind, the very flames, as if conscious, seemed to
revel with delight in their work of devastation
and ruin. The imagination of the superstitious
at that time needed but slight impulse to look
upon them as fiery demons sent upon us as a
scourge. But while often passing by holes and
sinks of iniquity, they swept with exultation
along the sacred aisles of the churches, coiling
like huge red serpents around the ascending
spires, shooting out theirfiery tongues from the
summit. Now a tall spire of flame would
shoot up with a vivid glow from some lofty
edifice, quivering for a moment in the rising
whirlpool, then, sweeping down before a fresh
blast of wind, it would dash with wild fury
against another building, apparently consum-
ing it at one stroke.
The fierce hurricane drew the fiery billows
through the narrow alleys with a shrill, un-
earthly screech, dashing into every opening
like an invisible incendiary its brands, kindling
each into ablaze with unerring certainty. The
sheets of flame, as they burst forth from the
windows, eaves, and roofs, leaping upward
through the heavy masses of smoke, literally
flapped and cracked in the wind like the sails
of vessels in a storm.
Mr President, it was a deeply interesting
yet melancholy sight to behold the magnificent
stone and marble structures bravely resisting
the fiery assaults which were made upon them.
The flames gathered around them to the front
and the rear, to the right and left, yet they
stood up majestically as if defying the enemy,
their walls rosy and their numerous windows
bright with the reflected glare. But the red
surging waves, as if maddened by the resistance
they met, rushed to the attack with redoubled
fury, and soon fiery banners hung out from
every aperture, and twisted columns of smoke
ascended from all parts. The giants were
conquered, and reeling and tumbling before
the tell destroyer soon lay but masses of black-
ened smoldering ruins, silent aud melancholy
monuments of the former greatness of the
Prairie Queen of the West.
The sun descended behind the huge clouds
of smoke like a burning globe, and rose again,
and still the rolling sea of flame rushed onward
unchecked. The tempest tore off huge frag-
ments from the roofs and swept them like float-
ing islands of fire through the sky, and the
distant quarters where they fell were instantly
wrapped in flame. The very stones were often
calcined or split into fragments by the intense
heat; the metallic roofs and coverings were
rolled together like scrolls of parchment; iron,
glass, and metallic substances were in many
instances melted as though they had been sub-
mitted to the flames produced by some stupen-
dous blow-pipe.
It would be in vain, Mr. President, for me
to attempt to describe the wild confusion and
despair of the terror-stricken inhabitants, _ 1
have been amid the battle roar where armies
a hundred thousand strong were struggling in
fierce conflict for victory ; where the smoke of
the combat rose in heavy clouds above us;
where the dead and dying lay thick on every
side, but never yet have I beheld such a scene
of despair and wild confusion as this; and may
God grant that I shall never see the like again.
The people were mad with fright. Wherever
there appeared to be a place of safety, thither
they rushed in hundreds and thousands to
escape the death which threatened them on
every side. Seized with a wild panic, immense
crowds surged backward and forward iu the
streets, struggling, threatening, and imploring
to get free and escape to the van. Here, one
frenzied with despair as often as snatched from
the flames would rush elsewhere into the burn-
ing cauldron; there, another seeingall he pos-
sessed on earth reduced to ashes, would sink
down in hopeless despair. At other points
hundreds could be seen rushing to the lake
shore, every other retreat having been cut off,
and even here, pressed by the heat, smoke, and
showers of firebrands, they plunged into the
water as the only hope of escape.
To "attempt to paint the scene in all its true
aud horrid colors would be in vain; all was
confusion, tumult and wild despair. Chicago
was in ruins. Twenty-six hundred acres of
ashes marked the site of its former greatness;
twenty thousand houses were reduced to em-
bers; one hundred and ten thousand people
were rendered homeless; $200,000,000 worth
of property had served as food for the flames.
Behold the spectacle. Can anyone having
witnessed this sad scene do less than plead for
the ruined city?
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 now renew the suggestion
made before the discussion commenced, that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) It is moved by the Sen-
ator from Iowa that the bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
OltDKlt OB BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Senate
now resumes the consideration of House bill
No. 380, known as the amnesty bill, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. SCOTT. There is a bill reported by
the Committee on Finance, which I am re-
quested, for the purpose of relieving Govern-
ment officers, as well as many persons inter-
ested, to press to an early consideration. It is
the bill which authorizes the remission of taxes
assessed atid the refunding of taxes paid for
the last five months of 1870, under the law of
July 14, 1870. There are about two million
dollars affected by it. and I am informed that
the officers of the Treasury, under the con-
struction which they put upon the law, have
directed the revenue officers to distrain upon
the corporations affected by that law. It is
very desirable that some action be taken by
Congress to relieve the parties interested in
that question. Has the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who I understand has charge of the
pending amendment, any objection that I
should move to take up that bill ?
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to ask the
Senator how long his bill would probably
take?
Mr. SCOTT. I hope nut very long.
Mr. SUMNER. Probably the rest of the
afternoon ?
Mr. SCO IT. I would ask time to make a
very brief explanation, not exceeding fifteen
or twenty minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to say that I
expected to occupy, I am sorry to confess it,
more time than remains of to-day, and I
would rather begin with introducing my cvi
dence to-morrow at one o'clock. I would
therefore suggest to my friend that the pend-
ing order be parsed over informally, and^his
biil be proceeded with. I snail have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. SCOTT. That is all I desire.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SCO IT. 1 move, then, that the pend-
ing order be informally passed over, and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 3G2) declaratory of the act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes,'' approved July 14, 1870.
ThePRESlDlNG OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection to laying aside the pending question
and taking up the bill named by the Senator
from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Chair will understand
that it is to lay aside the pending bill inform-
ally, so as to leave it in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ It will be
in order to be called up at any time by any
Senator.
Mr. POMEItOY. I will ask if this measure
is not concluded to-day will it not be the
unfinished business for to-morrow?
ThePRESlDlNG OFFICER. If we adjourn
