2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
if it does not touch matter thathas been agreed
to by the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. This is a matter that has
not, been before the Senate at. all.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Then it is
in order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call attention to the bill,
page 58, from line fourteen hundred and eight
to line fourteen hundred and fourteen. I may
say in offering the amendment that I confess
that with regard to Ibe general legislation with
reference to Indians and Indian policy I have
nothing to say at this lime. I desire to call
attention to this part of the bill and the ap-
propiiaiion there made. By this portion of
the hi'I it is provided :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
nece-snry, to purchase subsistence and clothing for
the Teton ami other bunds of Sioux in the vicinity
of Fort Peek. Mont sin a Terrii ory. and for such other
ohj( cts sis the riocrer.arv of the Interior may deem
i)p(>r>s-j;irv and advisable, to promote^ ihe civilization
and improvement of said Indians, $500,000.
I am awaie that this recommendation has
doubtless been made bv the committee after
correspondence with the Secretary of the in-
teiior, and p<Vnaps upon his recommendation,
as also of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and perhaps also nfV-r correspondence with
the officers more immediately in charge ot
the Indians West. 1 understand that we have
no treaty stipulations wiih these Indians, but
this is an appropriation to them for the first
time. I understand that these Teton Sioux,
and other bands there mentioned, will perhaps
number from ten to twelve thousand, it oc
cuis to me that $500,000 is a large appropria-
tion, and my motion is that it shall be reduced
to $200,000. I think that is enough for us to
make at this time. If there are but twelve
thousand Indians there, (and 1 do not under-
stand that the number exceeds that,) i can
conceive of no reason why at this time we
should make an app; opriation of $500,000 for
them. While I distrust very much the cor-
rectness of my judgment in view of the fact
that this bill has come from the Committee on
indian Affairs, and also from the ComnaiUeeon
A ppiopnatiuns, and especially in view of the
f«- ct that my esteemed friend and colleague is
chairman ot the Committee on indian A Hairs,
ami has doubih-ss given tins portion of the
bill his very seiious and careful attention,
I nevertheless deem it to be my duty to make
this motion. I cannot conceive that it is
necesj-aty that, we should appropriate from
forty to forty-five dollars tor every person,
young and old, that is to be found there in
the vicinity of Fort Peck. I do not believe
that we ought to make such an appropriation,
and I therefore appeal to the Senate to sus-
tain me m the motion [ make to reduce this
appropriation to $200,000. I think it is
enough.
Mr. COLE. I do not intend to resist the
motion at all. though I was not aware that the
Senator was going to make it; but i mu^t call
the attention of the Senate to some other pro-
posed appropriations here which I think will
sustain the motion. On a preceding page of
tliH bill, under ih«a head of u Sioux of different
tribes, including Sautee Sioux m the State of
Nebraska,appropriations to a large amount
aiemadc. r)h< ptoposed amendment applies
to one sort of biuux, the Teton Sioux, and the
aporopria'ions to which 1 am about- to refer
will of course apply to them should there be
enough, or in any event a portion ot it can be
applied to them. Under this head of appro-
piiaiions for >ioux of different tribes we have
items, first of $15,000; next of $2,000; next
of $159,400; next of $230,000; next of
$1,514,000; next of $10,400; next of $500;
and next of $125,000. It is my opinion that
these sums, wuh the $200,000 "thai my friend
from Iowa is willing to allow under the other
head, ought to be sufficient for the support
and proper maintenance of all the Sioux of
different tribes.
Mr. HARLAN". My colleague is in error
in supposing that this originated with the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT. I did not say so. I said
I supposed there were correspondence and
recommendations of the Department on the
subject
Mr. HARLAN. The text which he pro-
poses to change came to the Senate from the
House of Representatives. It is an appropri-
ation proposed by the House of Representa-
tives and not proposed by any committee of
the Senate. After the bill came to the Senate
it was submitted to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and was reported back by that com-
mittee to the Seuate without any proposition
to change it in this respect.
1 suppose the attention of the Committee on
Appropriations must have been called to the
subject, as it is not an appropriation provided
for by any treaty, and doubtless m looking
over the bill they scanned closely any item
which was not provided for by a law or by a
treaty, it having come from the House, and
having been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and having received their ap-
proval, 1 did not deetn it neces&aiy to call the
attention of the Committee on Indian Affairs
to the subject; and 1 may say here to eluci-
date the truth of Inst,ory, that i did not know
that item was in the bill until my aitentiou was
called to it by my honoiable colleague ; bur
since he called my attention to it as he did
some dajs since, 1 have made inquiry on the
subject, and I find it is supported by a report
made by the Secretary of the Interior to the
House of Representatives dated Januaty 25,
1872, and by a report made by the Comtnis-
missioner of Indian Affairs recommending it;
also by a report made by the superintendent
for that Teriitory also recommending it; and
by the ageutof these Indians, A. J. Simmons ;
and also supported by a letter written by the
Secretaiyof War, a letter written by W. H.
Lewis, major of the seventh infantry, who it
seems has been on service in that part of
the country; also by a letter written by Gen-
eral Hancock ; a letter written by P. H. Sher-
idan, Lieutenant General commanding the
Army, and by General Sherman. Now, if it
is necessary to go into this matter, 1 shall ask
to have these several documents read in order
that the Senate may understand the subject.
Mr. POMKROY. No ; let us vote on it.
Mr. KDMUNDS. As I am one member of
the Commiitiee on Appropriations and con-
curred m ieporting tins sum of $500,000. I
feel obliged not only for the sake of consist-
ence, but lor the sake of justice in one instance,
to be on the side of opposing a reduction of
appropiiations, strange as it may seem. I
thought that 1 had me disposition to keep
down these Indian appropriations about as
strongly perhaps as anybody—not so much
ability to do it as some others, but my dis-
position is that way. But candor compels me
to say in respect to this particular band of
wild Indians, that the information before us,
not only from the documents to which the
Senator from Iowa has referred, but from the
personal explanation of the Commissioner of
lndiau Aflaiis, in whose fidelity and judgment
I have the highest confidence, leads me to
think this would be a wise appropriation of
money.
These Indians have hitherto been thorough
savages, wild, untutored, recognizing no law;
their band against that of everybody eLe.
Now, it is stated to us, and I believe it, that
they have evinced a willingness to come to-
gether with ns aud try some of the sober
habits of the first steps of civilization. If
they do come together, suppose the number
were only twelve thousaud—I think it was
stated somewhat above that to me, but sup-
pose that to be it—if they do come together
and stay together, instead of roaming aud
making war on the inhabitants everywhere,
they must be fed, they must be sheltered, they
must be clothed, not in purple and fine linen,
but in a reasonable amount of woolen goods
to keep'them from the frost, and to^preserve
the decencies of even a moderate civilization.
Now, you take twelve thousaud Indians and
undertake to keep them trom making war upon
us for a year, and divide up $500,000 among
them, and you will find that it makesa very
small sum to suppoit a person even iu that
rude way for a year.
Suppose you do not do that, and let them
go ; suppose we have no principles which we
are now disposed to act upon, of undertaking
to civilize all the^e people, at least or under-
taking to keep them qu<et; suppose you let
them go, what will they do then'/ They will
do just what they have been doing lor years,
they will count out ot your Treasury millions
for every one of una half million in the way
of expenses of the Government m cirrying
supplies to the military and suppoiting the
military there, in making good me losses of
the inhabitants, and all the difficulties and
atrocities which relate to that di&tuibed con-
difion of affait s.
Therefore I was willing, having confidence
in the present management of Indian affairs,
to put a sufficient and generous sum of money
at the command of the Executive in otder that
tins experiment mi^ht be uied, when these
people are proposing to come in, and tee if
we cannot save mom-y and have peace. This
is my justifica!ion. Mr. President, and I think
it is a justification, lor having been satisfied to
take tne whose sum ot $500,000 recommended.
I commend it to my honorabie friend from
Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. The explanation that has
been given heie to me ra'her confirms, than
otherwise, the correctness ot ihe conclusions
1 reached in justifying me in making this
motion. I understand the chairman of the
Committee on ludan Affairs to say that this
matter was not brought to his attention at all
until after the biii was reported. I therefore
have the less hesitation in moving this amend-
ment. I was very weil aware of the let ers 10
which he refers, because I had examined the
documents myself.
I wisu to be understood, sir. I am not here
to insist that no appropriation shall be made
for this purpose. 1 am willing that an appro-
priation, aud a liberal one as i xegard it, shall
be made for the purpose contemplated ; and
now, after what has been said by the chaiumui
of the Committee on Indian Affaiis, and ihe
chairman of the Committee on Appropna
tions, and especially as the chairman ot the
Committee on Appropriations concms in the
correctness of the amendment, I think I am
justified in moving it.
L recognize the iorce that should be given
to what lias been said by the Secretary of ihe
Interior and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs: I recognize and give ail due force to
what has been said by the officers iu command
there ; but I know, I will not say how readily,
but how apt persons are to fall in with re-
ports that are given by those whoaie upon the
ground, and especially where there may be
communities interested in getting laige appro-
priations lor these purposes, and where it is
easy to get up thes.e reports and these tecorn-
mendations, and thus influence the Depart-
ment.
Now, here are a number of Indiins. twelve
thousand, as it is said. I should l<ke to ask
the chairman of the Commiitee on Appro-
priations about how much is appropriated by
this bill tor all puiposes connected v.uh the
Indians.
Mr. COLE. Nearly six millions.
Mr. WRIGHT. N ow, sir, it is proposed to
give one twe.fih of the whole sum appropriated
by this bitl to twelve thousand Ind.ans. One
twelfth of the entire amount is proposed to be
appropriated here for twelve thousand Indians
with whom we have no treaty stipulations m
the world, but for the first time we are asked
to make an appropriation of $500,000 to them.
