3994
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
be paid to the collector for the use of the United
States; and all such special taxes shall become due
on the 1st day of May in each year, or on commen-
cing business ; and if such peddler shall not have
paid the special tax for the current year he shall
pay the same within thirty days after the passage
of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. In line two hundred and
forty-two, on page 64, I move to strike out the
words " that which is now known as," follow-
ing after the words "granulated tobacco other
than so as to read, "and all cut and granu-
lated tobacco other than fine-cut chewing."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. In line two hundred and
forty three I move to insert the words "and
shorts the refuse of fine-cut chewing tobacco"
after the word " chewing."
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senator from Illinois
to state the object §f the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. This clause, as I under-
stand, is in reference to granulated and other
tobacco; and cuttings, &c., being included in
it, I want to include the refuse of fine-cut
chewing tobacco. The clippings and cuttings
of ordinary tobacco include the same thing
as clippings and cuttings of fine-cut chewing
tobacco. My amendment is to put the refuse
of that on the same footing as the refuse of
other tobacco, to put it all upon an equality,
inasmuch as that is the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of that is sim-
ply to allow the trade to put up this kind of
tobacco in wooden packages containing ten,
twenty, forty, and sixty pounds each. The
old law I have before me, and I can show
Senators on the face of the law precisely what
this is. The old law reads:
"All fine-out chewing tobacco, and all other
kinds of tobacco not otherwise provided for, in
packages containing one half, one, two, four, eight,
and sixteen ounces, except that fine-cut chewing
tobacco may, at the option of the manufacturer, be
put up in wooden packages containing ten, twenty,
forty, and sixty pounds each."
The Senator from Illinois moves to amend
it so that it will read " except fine-cut chew-
ing tobacco and shorts the refuse of fine-cut
chewiug tobacco may at the option of the
manufacturer be put up in woodeupackages,"
&o.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Let me ask the Senator
■whether the object of the proposed amend-
ment is to affect the tax or merely the quan-
tities in which the packages are put up.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand this section to
affect the quantity merely; does it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Entirely so. It does not
affect the lax.
Mr. LOGAN. It has nothing to do with the
tax That was agreed to awhile ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to allow them to
put up fine cut shorts as well as fine cut chew-
ing tobacco in packages of this size.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [sev-
enteen] sixteen, in line two hundred and
forty-five, to strike out the words '' by striking
out from the last line the word ' two.' "
Mr. CONKLING. What is the effect of
that striking out the word " two
Mr. SHERMAN. The House bill refuses
them the privilege of'putting up this tobacco
in two-ounce packages. The committee were
of opinion, and many of the House members
were of the opinion, that it ought to be re-
stored. It was done rather unintentionally
than otherwise.
Mr. CONKLING. The effect is to let them
put it up in two-ounce packages?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The whole section, as I
understand, is simply as to the size of the
packages.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all. It is whether
they shall put it up in two-ounee packages or
not. We thought they had better have the
privilege, as they have become accustomed
to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that is a very
reasonable privilege, because^ even then the
effect of the provision, in view of what we
have adopted, is to subject smoking tobacco
t,o an expense in its present state not appli-
cable to other tobacco, and this, although it is
the cheapest. As a letter I have on my table,
written by a manufacturer, says, it will cost
three cents a pound to cut smoking tobacco,
so that on that the tax is to be twenty-seven
cents, although it is the cheapest article
originally.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued till
the following clause was reached:
That section sixty-seven be amended by striking
out the word "warehouse" and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " export."
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that that clause
hp,d better pass along unless the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Cokbett,] who has an amend-
ment to offer, can offer it here. That is, we
had better take the sense of the Senate on the
question of abolishing warehouses before we
do on the amendment to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it stand until we get
to page 70.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; I think that
is better. Let us go on to page 70, and then
we can come back to this.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section [seventeen] sixteen,
lines three hundred and three hundred and one,
to strike out the following clause:
That section sixty-eight be amended by striking
out therefrom the words "or proprietors."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
That section seventy-one be amended by striking
out, where they occur, the words " or in a bonded
warehouse," and insert in lieu thereof the words
"or while in transfer under bond or a collector's
permit, from any manufactory, store, or warehouse,
to a vessel for exportation to a foreign country."
Mr. COKBETT. That embraces the same
question to which the Senator from New York
referred, and it had better be passed over. I
propose, at the proper time, to strike out and
insert other words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know but that
we ought to consider this questiou now.
["Go on."] On page 65 the committee pro-
pose to strike out the words " or in a bonded
warehouse" from the law and to insert in lieu
thereof the word "export." The law as it
now stands enables persons to purchase to-
bacco and ship it in bond from one bonded
warehouse to another, so that they may pay
the tax as they withdraw the tobacco for con-
sumption, or they may ship it from an export
bonded warehouse to any foreigu country with-
out the stamps being applied or the tax being
paid. This contemplates a system of draw-
backs, instead, for export, and also compels
the purchaser to pay the entire tax when he
ships the tobacco from one export bonded
warehouse to another, or from one portion of
the country to another. For instance, as the
bdl now stands we shall be unable to ship the
tobacco from the Atlantic coast to the Pacific
coast, and to pay the tax upon it as it is with-
diawu for consumption, or to export the to-
bacco from the bonded warehouse without
paying the tax. This is very important, as it
will be seen that as the law now stands it is
the same system that applies to imports. If
we import goods into New York we can ex-
port those goods in bond to the Pacific coast
and pay the duties when the goods are with-
drawn for consumption.
This is to relieve the people from investing
so large an amount of money and waiting so
long a time. It will be observed that where
this very large tax has to be paid at once upon
tobacco, the dealer has to expend a very much
larger amount of money at the time he pur-
chases the tobacco than he would if he only
had to pay the tax as he withdrew the tobacco
for consumption. It seems to me as this is to
encourage the collection of this large amount
of tax from the people, and to levy it upon
such articles as will make the taxation as little
objectionable as possible, the present law is
better than that proposed by the committee.
I know that it is the desire of the collectors
of internal revenue of course to collect -all the
tax before the tobacco leaves the manufactory
if possible; but that is not just to the con-
sumer. The merchants who have to keep a
large stock of tobacco on hand ought not to
be compelled to pay the entire tax before they
can use the tobacco and distribute it to their
customers. On the Pacific coast there is a
very large amount of tobacco consumed. The
miners are very large consumers of tobacco.
I presume there is no community that con-
sumes so large an amount of tobacco as the
Pacific coast in proportion to the population.
But this does not apply to the Pacific coast
alone. It acts the same on the Atlantic. I
believe the dealers in Philadelphia and New
York aud other large cities desire the amend-
ment I shall propose. I wish to amend the
law so as to give the manufacturers the oppor-
tunity to pay the tax as they ship the tobacco
from their manufacturing establishments as
well as to allow them to pay it on shipping
from bonded warehouse. I am williug they
should have the same advantages, but I do not
wish to deprive the dealers in tobacco of the
advantages that they now enjoy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired. Does the Senator
propose an amendment?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir, I propose to strike
out after the word " by," in line two hundred
and seventy, to the word "export " in line two
hundred and seventy-two, as follows : " strik-
ing out the word 'warehouse' and inserting in
lieu thereof the word 'export,' " and in lieu
thereof to insert " add the words ' and export'
immediately after the word 1 warehouse.' "
I will just say that the law will then read as
I have it before me:
"That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall cause to be prepared suitable and special rev-
enue stamps for payment of the tax on tobacco and
snuff, which stamps shall indicate the weight and
class of the article on which payment is to be made,
and shall beaflixed and canceled in the mode pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and stamps when used on any wooden package shall
be canceled by sinking a portion of the same into
the wood with a steel die; also, such warehouse and
export stamps as are required by this act, which
stamps shall be furnished to the collectors of internal
revenue requiring the same."
That will make the provision as I wish, and
will amend the law in such manner as these
people desire it.
Mr. COLE. The system of bonded ware-
houses for the use of persons transporting
tobacco from one part of the country to
another, is a very great convenience to the
trade, and has resulted, I believe, in no disad-
vantage whatever to the Government. As the
system is now organized, I presume there is
no possibility of any loss occurring to the Gov-
ernment on account of it. If it should be
broken up now, it will result in creating
monopolies in the tobacco trade, keeping the
business m very few hands, instead of allow-
ing it to be in the hands of men of small capi-
tal who are able in that case to enter into the
business, but who cannot afford the large
capital necessary to carry on the business when
they have to pay this tax in advance.
Thig is following the system that is pursued
in reference to the importation of foreign
goods. The system of bonded warehouses
for importations is well understood. It is for
