358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Duty on Salt—Mr. Duell.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Mr, MERRIAM. Was that amount of
money paid in ?
Mr. DUELL. I have already stated that
the affidavits in the case show that the whole
amount of capital stock was paid in. The
company required this amount of working
capital, and even more.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the statement
show what dividends the stockholders have
drawn ?
Mr. DUELL. It does not appear by this
affidavit of Mr. Barker: but I have a further
affidavit made by Mr. Barker, in which he says
tliat the first year, 18i>0, taey incurred a loss;
they did not make enough in that year to pay
expenses. In 1861 they made a small divi-
dend ; in 1862, 1863, and 1864, they made large
dividends, as the price ot' salt was very high,
owing to the state of the country, and the com-
pany made a large sum in coal and coal mining
during those years. Since February 20,1884,
the average annual dividends have been seven
per cent., except for the years 1870 and 1871,
when the dividends were less than seven per
cent, for the two years. I will further add, for
the informatioii of the House, that the asser-
tion which has frequently been made in the
newspapers that the Onondaga Salt Company
have made immense dividends every year is
entirely erroneous. These large dividends |
■which we have seen in the newspapers of the
country have reference to the original cash
capital of $14)0,000, or the increased cash
capital of §320,000, and not upon the entire
capital which the company has used, namely,
$6,000,000.
The affidavit to which I refer also shows
that while the company during the two or three
years of the war made large dividends, for
the reasons I have already stated, yet for sev-
eral years past, in consequence of the compe-
tition which has arisen between the foreign
producers a$d the domestic producers, as well
as between the domestic producers themselves,
• this company has not made any profits out of
the business—only enough to pay interest upon
the capital, and not that for the past two
years.
Mr. STEVENSON. Upon the 86,000,000 ?
Mr. DUELL. Yes, sir. And I will state
further, for the information of the gentleman
from Qliio. and of the House, that this much-
maligned Onondaga Salt Company, whose
profits were supposed to have been enormous,
has been compelled to suspend, and its affairs
are now in the hands of a receiver.
During the past twenty years domestic salt
has greatly improved in quality, and is now
unsurpassed by any otherknown to the world's
commerce. On this point the testimonials are
overwhelming. I have before me a report
made by a committee of the New York State
Agricultural Society in 1867, which I will give
in full:
Your Committee appointed to examine and report
on butter, cheese, butter firkins cheeso vats andboil-
crs, at the New York State Agricultural Fair, held
at Buffalo, October 1, 2, 3, and 4, 1867, report: that
on entering upon the discharge of our uu ty, wo found
awaiting our examinationttfe largcatamount of but-
ter by fir that ever piesen ted at a, State lair
before. On inquiririg the reason for this unusual
display, weiouml thai it was mainly for the purpose
of testing the relative values 01 the tactury-fiUcd
dairy salt ol Onondaga and tile Ash ton salt as pre-
servatives of butter; and we concluded that under
these circumstances it was our duty to make a thor-
ough and carefui examination, and we accordingly
devoted 1he mo.-1. ot Wednesday and Tliuisday to
this subject alone. .Butter lor this purpose was pro-
duced troin many couiitie? of thu State m duplicate
loss, eacu dairyman sending unc tub or firkin packed
wnn Asnton, and one with ijct.-ny-tiiied d.nry ol
Onondaga, and in no instance of our examination
ivei e wo to!d Uie salt used until we had decided the
question <>f i tie quality of the butter.
"We pronounced in twenty-five cases the butter
cured witn lactory-filleddairy salt made at the New
York iUiils. Syr< cuse, to be the best as compared in
each case with its alternate package cured in the
R&nio dairy with Ashton, but in no instance did we
judgo that any short-coming was attributable to the
Quality of the salt used, but rather to the working
of the butter and the quantity of salt used. _In live
cases the Asbton-cured butter was the best. We have
no doubt that for the preservation of butter the fac-
tory-filled dairy salt has no superior ; and we thiDk
that this carctui and rigid examination must satisfy
our farmers that they can safely rely on our own
domestic salt, made purposely for the dairy, and if
there is any failure in the butter they will have to
look to other causes for that laiiure.
In examining this salt wo have been rigid and
careful. We find boih the coarse and fine, m color,
taste, and strength, equal to any salt we liave ever
seen; and while we have no question that either are
equal in their curative and preservative qualities to
any known salt, there is apparent this simple differ-
ence between them: the dairy salt,made from coarse,
is a harder, weightier salt, and will not dissolve as
readily as the other; but there is no difference in
the quality. We would say in this connection that
care should be taken in their use, for either is a
heavier salt than the ordinary foreign or Asliton
salt, but we unhesitatingly pronounce that either is
the equal of Ashton tor the preservation of butter
and cheese.
In conclusion, your committee would recommend
the various kinds of Onondaga salt for such prem-
iums as the society awards, and will venture to sug-
gest a careful regard to the kind of salt called for
by the farmer. When be purchases Onondaga salt,
it will result m his obtaining, for the package of his
beef and pork, or lor the preserving of his butter
and cheese, a salt which has no superior in the
world.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
O. U. UROCKEB, Chairman,
G. W. BUCK,
JAA1ES R. CROEOOT.
Farther than that, Mr. Speaker, the Secre-
tary of the Navy a few years ago caused a test
to be made of the quality of our domestic salt
in comparison with that imported from abroad,
and the result was highly favorable to the salt
made in this country, and the plea that the
salt produced in this country is not equal to
the salt imported from abroad, while it may
have had existence at an early day, is nottrue
at this time. The salt, I repeat, made by differ-
ent domestic producers in this country is fully
equal to them, and better than most qualities
imported from abroad.
Mr. Speaker, the present duty on salt is as
follows: on salt in bulk, eighteen cents per one
hundred pounds; on salt m sacks, bags, or
other packages, twenty-four cents the one hun-
dred pounds. The majority of the committee
in the bill they have reported to this House
make the duty on salt in bulk eight cents per one
hundred pounds, and on salt in sacks, bags, or
other packages, twelve cents per one hundred
pounds. So the House will perceive here is a
reduction on common salt, of sixty per cent.,
and on the better quality of salt of fifty per
cent. I submit to the judgment of the House
this reduction is "larger than it ought to be
under the circumstances. It is larger than on
any other item embraced in the tariff bill,
excepting the single item of coal.
It is said salt is an article of necessity. If
that is the reason why the duties should be
taken off of salt, or the duty materially reduced,
the same argument would take the duty off
from the hat we wear, from the clothes we
wear, from the leather from which our shoes
are made, and from a great many other arti-
cles of necessity upon which slight reduction
is made by this bill. It seems to me this
is unjust discrimination against an interest
which should be encouraged and fostered in
this country. I submit the question to those
gentlemen who are here to-day, and who will
be called on next Tuesday to vote on this large
reduction of duty on salt, would they desire
to see the salt interest in this country entirely
wiped out? Would they desire to see fifteen
thousand men who now find employment in
that branch of industry turned out of employ-
ment, and $20,000,000 of capital rendered
worthelss, by placing salt on the free list, or by
material reduction of duty on that article? .
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, our good
judgment would tell us it is an object in this
country to produce at least a portion of the
salt it consumes. Why, sir, is it proper we
should be dependent on any foreign nation for
an article of this kind so necessary to the ex-
istence of man ? What condition would we be
placed in if we were at war? We had some
experience on that subject during the late
rebellion. The salt-works of Kanawha were
destroyed, and the manufactories of salt in
Ohio and at Saginaw, Michigan, were substan-
tially closed. It then became necessary to
rely on the salt produced at the Onondaga salt-
works for consumption in the United States.
Salt ran up from two to five dollars a barrel
during one period of the war. We know the
Government sacrificed the lives of many men
for the purpose of penetrating Virginia to de-
stroy the salt works erected there. They knew
that by depriving the States in rebellion of
that avenue for obtaining salt would be one
of the best ways to cripple the power of the con-
federacy. It proved to be so. They were made
sufferers during the war for want of this article.
It seems to me when we take into consider-
ation that this is an article of prime necessity,
we should encourage and foster its production
in this country instead of enacting laws to
cripple if not entirely destroy that interest.
Mr. MERRIAM. I would like to ask my
colleague whether, with the present duty, and
the present price of labor, it would he pos-
sible to produce salt at Syracuse without bank-
ruptcy to the company which undertakes it?
As I understand it, there is an organized and
experienced company which has failed, which
has gone into bankruptcy under the present
tariff'. Is it possible for a company to succeed
with the duty as it stands at present?
Mr. DUELL. In answer to my colleague,
I will say that the failure of the Onondaga
Salt Company was mainly caused by its in-
ability to dispose of all the salt manufactured
by it in the years 1870 and 1871. For instance,
in the year 1871 the company, as appears
from itsbooks, manufactured 8,374,811 bushels
of salt. It had on hand on the 1st day of
January last 3,745,416 bushels unsold, situ-
ated at home and in various parts of the
country to which the salt is sent for market,
and this large amount they were unable to dis-
pose of. The value of this salt was over eight
hundred thousand dollars, and it was impossi-
ble for the company to meet its liabilities, in-
cluding the rents to be paid to the owners of
the salt-manufacturing works, without realiz-
ing thissum of eight hundred thousand dollars.
When they found it impossible to sell this sur-
plus production, they were compelled to sus-
pend. My colleague will see from this answer
that the failure of the company was not caused
by selling the salt they were able to dispose
of at a loss, but was caused by the over-manu-
facture of the article. Since the suspension
of the company the owners of the salt-works,
nearly one thousand in number, have resumed
possession, and are proceeding to manufacture
salt independent of any organization. They
will hereafter manufacture a less quantity of
salt, and will have no difficulty, I apprehend,
if the present duty is continued, in selling it at
remunerative prices.
There is, Mr. Speaker, more danger to the
domestic producer of salt from the salt-wotks
at Ooderich than from any other source. The
sale resources there are ample to furnish the
whole United States and the whole world.
Salt is produced there with cheap labor and
fuel at eighty-five cents per barrel or less.
Transportation will cost only ten to forty cents
to all the Lake ports of the United States.
These figures decide the question. Withdraw
the protection which the duty on salt affords
us, and the time is not far off when American
salt must yield the market.
Now, an argument has been made against
the duty upon salt from the fact that it is
found in great abundance in this country. It
is urged that it ought therefore to be free. It
has been supposed by a great many persons
that salt was to be gathered anywhere, like
