11872.
THE COJSTGrKESSlOJSTAL GLOBE.
S099
  is a certificate of the secretary of the Commonwealth
^ of Massachusetts that the name of Captain Williams
i Barker is borne upon the rolls of the commissioned
| officers, bearing date May 10,1776, and described as
£-captain of thetirst company m theseoondPlymouth
\ county regiment.
^ His name is also upon the pay-roll of a company
r in which he was captain, in Colonel John Cusking's
* regiment of militia. lie is also borne on the roll in
I Colonel Thomas Colton's regiment.
The affidavit of Nat. Bryant that he served in his
company about the year 1781, and that Captain
Barker received a captain's commission prior to
1779, and served in the land service until peace was
declared.
Jeremiah Barkercertifies under oath that Williams
Barker received a captain's commission about the
year 1776, and served until peace was declared.
The length of time that has elapsed since the
death of Captain Barker, and the careless manner
in which registers and rolls were kept at the tirno of
the revolutionary war, render it difficult to establish
by mere affirmative proof services performed by
subordinate officers. That furnished in the present
case leaves but little doubt on the mind of the com-
mittee that Captain Barker performed the service
alleged, and that his sole surviving heir, Harriet
Spring, is entitled to the half pay pledged to otficers
in the war of the Revolution under the resolution
of Congress, October 21,1780.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
he good enough to resume the consideration
of the school bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees being in order, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent that the
Senate resume the consideration of the Dis-
trict school bill. Is there objection ?
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
Mr. CASSERLY. I insist on going through
with the morning business.
Mr. SUMNER. I remind the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania that this bill is for equal rights?
Mr. CAMERON. I intend to vote for it.
I rose, however, to ask the Senate to take up
the bill from the House of Representatives,
reported as long ago as the 23d of January
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, reg-
ulating the salary of the consul at Tien-Tsin,
China.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 must object to that bill
until equal rights are sustained.
Mr. PR AT T. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana rises to make a report.
Mr. PRATT. I beg pardon of the Chair.
I have no report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to anything out of order.
Mr. PRATT. I was about asking consent
of the Senate to take up a bill reported from
the Committee on Pensions a few days ago
increasing the rates of pension to certain per-
sons therein described. It is a bill increasing
the rates of pension to those who lost their
eye-sight or their limbs during the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object, because I
want to get up a bill to establish a court in
the Indian 'country; and m objecting to the
request of the Senator from Indiana, who
seeks to call up a very proper bill, I wish to
say that I object to any other business but the
morning business until it is done.
The VICE PRESIDEN 1'. If the Senator
remains in his seat, the Chair will recognize
that as a standing objection ; but if he is ab-
sent, any Senator asking unanimous consent
has a right to require that the Chair shall sub-
mit the request to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of the Sen-
ator's bill, but 1 am more in favor at thishour
of the school bi'l for the District, of Columbia.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. Reportsofcom-
mittees are in order. The Senaior from llli
nois has objected to anything but the morning
business If there are no reports of commit-
tees, the introduction of bills is next in order.
bills introduced.
Mr. BLAIR asked, ana by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1079) to authorize the construction of abridge
across the Missouri river at or near the city of
Lexington, in the State of Missouri, and to
establish it as a post road; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1080) conferring jurisdiction upon the
Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of William G. Nixon ; which was road
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
equal riauts in schools.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are next in order. There seems to be
none. The morning business is concluded.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the school
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having been concluded, the Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
resume the consideration of the District school
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done. The Senator from Massachusetts in-
sisted upon taking up that bill the other day,
and it occupied the whole morning hour. That
is a question which can be disposed of at some
other time. There is no urgency about it to-
day or to-morrow. I have charge of a bill
that there is an urgency about. There is a
condition of things in the Indian country that
requires, in the opinion of the Government,
the establishment of a court, and I do not
think the Senate ought to be continuing the
debate in this matter about the schools ; the
whole morning hour was lost before.
Mr. WILSON. Will there not be debate
on your bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. There is
no desire on the part of anybody to do any-
thing but make it a perfect bill to answer the
object of the Government in that respect. All
I have to say is that I shall ask the Senate to
divide on the question of taking up the bill of
the Senator from Massachusetts, simply be-
cause it is important that the bill to which I
have called attention shall be taken up and
acted on. If the Senate says no, I have dis-
charged my duty, and the bill that I have
charge of must take its chance. 1 have no
interest in it any more than the Senator from
Massachusetts. He is as much interested in
it as I am.
Mr. SUMNER. I, too, must discharge my
duty. I have no personal interest in the bill
which I am trying to bring before the Senate ;
but the whole country has an interest in it, for
it involves the cause of good government. It
has already been under discussion. I think
the debate is drawing t.o an end! Why should
we now interrupt that discussion by another
measure which has not yet been begun upon ?
It seems to me that it is the best economy of
our time to proceed with the school bill and
finish it. it will then be out of the way, and
my friend from Illinois can bring up his bill,
or any oiher bill, and I shall most cheerfully
sustain lnm. Meanwhile 1 must urge upon the
Senate to press the bill on which they have
begun to an end. I shall accept the result,
whatever it may be; but I feel it my duty to
ask the Senate to proceed with it.
Mr. POJ1ELIOY. With regard to the bill
repotted from the Committee on the Judiciary
in relation to a court in the Indian country, 1
desire to say that a resolution parsed the Sen-
ate t.hc oilier day calling on the Attorney
General for some papers iclaling lo the couit
m the western district of Arkansas which the
Senator fioin Illinois proposes to throw over
the Indian country. 1 thiuk myself it is not
judicious to extend that court over that coun-
try, and I shall take the opportunity to say so
as soon as I get the papers from the Attor-
ney General's office. That court has spent,
$260,000, as I am told, this last year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When we come to that
I can satisfy the Senator. I have communi-
cated with the Department of Justice on this
subject, and have their letter in reference to
this very thing.
Mr. POMEROY. I have their letter, too,
in which they recommend a new court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Probably I have received
information more recently than the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. My amendment, when-
ever I introduce it, to this bill will be to abol-
ish the western district of Arkansas and put
the whole of Arkansas in one district and make
a new court for the Indian territory.
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 do not wish to antagonize
the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts
which he is so anxious to bring before the
Senate, but I must beg to differ with him in
oue remark that he made, that he thought it
would be an economy of time to proceed
with the school bill at this time. That bill
was up on Saturday, and occupied about three
h'ours, and then fell, the regular order being
called up. 1 am not willing that every morn-
ing hour shall be consumed with that bill
without making any progress with it. I sug-
gest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
he ask for a day for the bill or an evening,
when we can come here and sit it out; but to
take it up every morning hour, and when one
o'clock arrives let it drop again, is a mere
consumption of time so far as the bill is con-
cerned. That is my judgment, and I state it
here, and 1 venture to say that if the bill is
taken up now, when one o'clock arrives every
Senator who hears me will see that I am right.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this bill
has really had but one day, and that was Sat-
urday. It was up for a very brief discussion
before, during which there were no speeches
upon it. The only speech that has been made
was by the Senator Irom Delaware, [Mr. Bay-
ard.] I know of no disposition to occupy
time upon it. It was up on Saturday. I do
entreat my friend not to throw his influence
in its way.
Mr. CRAGIN. If my friend will allow me,
when the District Committee had a day, this
bill occupied the attention of the Senate sev-
eral hours.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken.
I yielded on that day to my colleagues of the
committee, and brought it up last, about
twenty minutes or halt' an hour belore the
adjournment, and there was no considerable
debate upon it. There was no speech. I
think the Senator misrecollects. 1 cannot be
mistaken about it, because I had the measure
in charge.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not think the meas-
ure took more than an hour or three quarters
of an hour on that day.
Mr. SUMNER. I should not think so
much. The Senator from South Carolina
recollects perfectly well the understanding
between him and myself that I should not
bring it up until the bill about the courts here
was disposed of. Now, this is a bill reported
by the District Committee winch was not
brought to a close on the day assigned for the
business of the committee, and 1 hope the
Senate will proceed with it until it is brought
to a close. I do not throw injselt much upon
the indulgence of the Senate, and I should
really like to be out of my seat more than I
am able to be. I hope, the Senate, therefore,
will be willing to take this bill up and at least
give an hour to it. I think that in time it, will
bf linished ; I am veiy anguine that il can be,
and then 1 certainly shall not be in the way.
Mr. FEIlliY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I snould regret to have the school bid
taken up this morning in the morning hour,
because, on looking over the files upon my
desk, I see that the amendment of which I
