1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
for 1870, to which I very briefly refer. On
page 12 of the report the point where this
difficulty started is thus suggested-:
"Section seventeen provides that sections one
hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-one,
and ono hundred and twenty-two, of the act ot June
30 1864 as amended,shall beconstrued to impose the
taxes therein mentioned to August 1,1870. and no
lon|M.^ion gfteen provides' that there shall belevied
and collected for and during the year 1871 a tax of
two and a half per cent, on the amount of all
interest or coupons paid, or bonds or other evidences
of debt issued and payaolein one or more years after
date by any of the corporations in this section here-
inafter mentioned, and the amount of all dividends
of earnings, income, or gains hereinafter declared
by any bank, trust company, savings institution,
insurance company, railroad company, canal com-
pany, turn pike company, canal-navigation company,
and slaek-wnter company, whenever and wherever
the samo shall be payable, and to whatsoever person
the same may be due, including non-residents,
whether citizens or aliens.' .
" It is believed to have been the intention to con-
tinue the five percent, tax until August 1.1870. and
to substitute atax of two and a half percent, there-
for on and after thatdate. Bat, owing to tbe pecu-
liar language of the statute, no tax can be withheld
from coupons falling duo during the last five ca'en-
dar months of 1870. According to a recent dec-aion
of the circuit court in the State of Pennsylvania, in
theense of tbe Philadelphia and Beading Ra^road
Company v*. Barnes, collector, no tax can bo with-
held from dividends, coupons, or interest, payable
during the first seven months ofl870;and it is fur-
ther maintained that corporations cannot be re-
quired to pay any taxes upon the diviuends payable
during the remaining five months."
At this point it will be observed that two
questions were suggested: first, were dividends
declared on the 31st of December, 18G9, for
instance, or at any time in December, 1869,
but not made payable until January. 1870, or
afterward in that year, subject to the income
tax under the law which expired on the 31st
ol December, 1869? Second, are the corpora-
tions mentioned in the one hundred and fif-
teenth section required to retain tbe income
tax for the period elapsing between the 1st of
August, 1870, and the 1st ot' January, 1871?
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue held
that both were subject to the tax, both the
dividends declared in 1869 and payable in 1870
and the dividends declared during the last five
months ot'the J ear 1870.
Thus th? matter stood before the passageof
the act of July 14, 1870. When that act, eame
to bo considered, and went to a committee of
conference, this state of things was presented:
under t,he luling of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue the corporations named in the
section to which I have referred had already
paid or were held liable for the tax up until the
1st day of July, at least, and that at the rate of
five per cent, under the law which those cor-
porations insisted had expired, but the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, taking the view
that it had not exoired, collected that tax at
the rate of five per cent. Of course a tax for
six months at the rate of five per cent, was
equivalent to an annual tax at the rate of two
and a half per cent. ; and it will be remem-
bered—certainly I will be borne out in this
statement by tbe members of the committee
of conference—that the intention ot the act of
July 14, 1870, in fixing the tax at two and a
half per cent., and in providing that no tax
should be collected for the last five months of
1870, was to equalize this tax so that the tax
paid at therate of five per cent, for six months
should be considered equivalent to a whole
year's tax at two and a half per cent., and
that where such tax at five per cent, had been
paid, no further tax for the last five months of
1870 should be levied or paid.
It will be seen from this statement that if the
dividends declared in 1869, and not payable
until 1870,were, on the one hand, exempt from
taxation, a part of the earnings of 1869 would
escape : and on the other band, if corporations
which had paid at therate of five per cent, for
the first six months, or until August 1,1870,
are required also to pay upon the rema'ning
six or five months of that year, as the case
may be, they having paid at the rate of five
per cent, for the first period, and two and a
half for the last, would pay really at the rate
of at least three and three fourths per cent, for
the year, whereas general incomes pay for that
year only at the rate of two and a half per cent.,
as they are not assessed until the expiration of
the year. It was the purpose of the act of July
14,1870, to relieve both these difficulties, and
it relieves them in this way : by exempting all
dividends declared by corporations, and all
other classes of income that are embraced in
that one hundred and fifteenth section, from
the tax for the last five months of 1870, it puts
them very nearly upon an equality with general
iticomc, requiring a little more from some of
them than irom general income, for the com-
mittee, and the Senate adopting the view of
the committee, finding that the time had run
into July, 1870, extended it until the first of
the following month. If this act be now passed,
these corporations will be required to pay, in-
stead of at the rate of two and a half per cent,
for the whole year, just so much over two and
a half per cent, as the earnings of seven months
are over the half year. They will be paying
seven twelfths of that tax of five per cent,
instead of six twelfths; a little over two and
a half per cent, per annum.
For the year 1871 there can be no difficulty,
unless it is to reach the dividends, &c., earned in
that year and carried forward into dividends
declared in 1872. These would be tbe_ earn-
ings for the last part of the year, dividends
upon which may be declared in 1872; and ac-
cordingly the amendment now before the Sen-
ate is intended to reach that question, and to
accomplish this result: that the remission of
taxes where they have not been paid and are
now in contest, or the refunding of taxes,
where they have been paid under protest, shall
be made to all such corporations as have paid
or shall pay a tax at the rate of at least two
and a haif per cent, upon the dividends,
&e., of tbe whole earnings of the_years 1870
and 1871, and that no such remission shall be
made, and no such refunding shall take place,
to any other corporations than those who have
paid or shall pay a tax upon the whole earn-
ings of both these years equal to at least two
and a half per cent. That is the purpose of
the amendment which is now offered. I do
not propose to go into a legal argument for the
purpose of showing that this was the inten-
tion of the act of July 14, 1870.^ It is so ap-
parent to any one who will consider the then
existing state of things, that I do not now
deem it necessary, especially as that question
is considered in the report I made from the
Finance Committee, to accompany this bill,
which lias been printed and before the Senate
for some time.
Let me again state, as clearly as I can, the
purpose of this measure. It is to authorize the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to remit
and refund all =.uch taxes against these cor-
porations as would require them to pay more
than two and a halt per cent, per annum
upon the whole earnings of 1870 and 1871, with
the single exception that those who have paid
up to and including the 1st of August, 1870,
shall not receive back the small fraction which
would be over two and a half per cent., in
consequence of that payment. The intention
is to equalize the general income tax and this
tax upon dividends of corporations, &c., so
that the same tax shall be paid by these cor-
porations upon the earnings of the whole of
both these years, as is paid upon geueral in-
comes by individuals; and that purpose we
consider is accomplished by the bill and the
amendments which are pending.
With this statement I leave the question
before the Senate, so that it may elicit any
further discussion that Senators may think it
requires.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thuk-
mas in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like the Senator
from Pennsylvania to tell us exactly what this
amendment means, and what the object is in
applying this proposition only to those corpor-
ations who have retained the tax from the
stockholders. Suppose they have paid it to
the stockholders ; why should it not be remit-
ted then just the same ?
Mr. SCOTT. Under the law as it stands
they are authorized and required to retain it
and pay it over to the Government, not to the
stockholders. The intention of the amend-
ment is to authorize the return to those who
have retained it and paid it to the Government,
or who shall hereafter retain it and pay it to
the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am decidedly in favor
of retaining in the Treasury all the money we
can that is collected by corporations out, of
the people. I do not think there is any great
harm in that. But I do not see the force of
the argument, if a corporation, supposing this
tax would not be collected, it being unequal,
as it-is said, should have made its dividend
without any reference to retaining anything to
pay the Government, that now the Govern-
ment should propose to give up this tax alto-
gether. Why should not the corporation, if
there be such a one, which has divided all its
profits among the stockholders, be entitled to
this remission of liability just as well as a
corporation that kept the money in its coffers
and never paid it to the stockholders or to the
Treasury? That is what I should like inform-
ation upon.
Mr. SCOTT. I misapprehended my friend's
question. Under the income tax law all cor-
porations are not only required to retain these
taxes and pay them over to the Government,
but they are made liable for the taxes. It is
not intended at all to reiievecorporationsfrom
thetax where they are liable, and that certainly
cannot be the effect of the bill, but it is simply
to authorize the refunding or the remission of
such taxes as will compel them to pay the
same taxes that all individuals have paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My honorable fiiend from
Pennsylvania need not have given himself the
trouble to tell me what the law is about collect
ing taxes from corporations. 1 have a faint
impression that I understand that already. The
point I ask him to explain is why, if these cor-
porations are, as the law now stands, liable to
pay a tax for 1870 during those months and
have not paid it out of their profits, he makes
a distinction between two corporations who are
in that category and relieves one that has kept
the money in its treasury, and has not divided
it among its stockholders, and does not relieve
another which, whether in violation of law or
otherwise, has divided all its profi's among its
stockholder", and has not retained the tax that
it was still bound to pay? Of course, if the
corporation was liable to pay the tax it could
not escape by giving the money to the stock-
holders; it would still be just as liable ; it would
still be bound to pay it over to the Govern-
ment. We all unders'and that; nobody dis-
putes it; but the amendment which my friend
offers distinguishes on the face of it—whether
it has any meaning or not is precisely what I
am trying to find out—between a corporation
which has not paid the Government of the Uni-
ted States what the law may seem to require,
and which may have paid over all its earnings
to the stockholders, and another which has not
paid what it owes to the Government and has
not paid it over to tbe stockholder.
Mr. SHERMAN. As my friend from
Pennsylvania is engaged, I will answer the
question, if I can, tor him. In the case put
by the Senator from Vermont, if a corpora-
tion had failed to pay over the income tax to
the Government it could not, as a matter of
course, reserve it from the stockholders, but
would pay over to the stockholders the full
amount ot1 the dividend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would depend upon
how much it chose to divide. It might retain
it or not.
