1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2203
I honestly believe that, $200,000 will be all-
sufficient. all that will be necessary for this
purpose; and I believe that when the twelve
months shall have passed witli $200,000. you
will find as many Indians benefited, if you do
not tind as many spi-cu'a'ors benefited, as if
you appropi iated $500,000. I would notwi.h-
hold from them a dollar Hint is necessary to
furnish ihem supplies; t would do them nil
the good possible; but I do not propose by my
vole, and by a policy inaugurated here with
referen e to these twelve thousand Indians,
that $500,000 shall be given to be thrown out
there to be used by speeulators, as I be'ieve a
larire propomon of it will be, ami iherelore 1
insist $200,000 is enough.
Mr. SAWYER. This band of Indians, as
I understand, are located very near the line !
of tbe Noitlie'rn Pacific railroad, and unless a j
libeial appropriation is made f.ir this purpose. |
there is no rea.-onabledoubt thai we,shall have j
to organize military expeditions against them. j
It. is much cheaper to feed them than it is to
fight them, and one or the other we shad un-
questionably have to do w.iI>iis ihe next eight
een mouths; and it we half leed them we shall
piobably have to light them, too. It is alto
getlier likely that the militaiy operations which
it would be imperative upon the Government
to carry on in ihat quarter and against the.-e
bands of Indians in case they are put in a lios
tile attitude, would cost six nines ihe amount
of ili.s appropriation. I think the Commis-
sioner informed us m the coinmiuee that the
preliminary steps to a campaign to subdue
these Indians or to put them in su"h a condi-
tion that they could not disturb the surveying
which it is necessary to have in their neigh-
borhood, would cost two or three times the
amount of this appropriation. Now, 1 ask
which is cheaper, to make this appropriation
of half a million and put these Indians in the
way of maintaining peaceful relations with the
United States on that great thoroughfare, to
put them in that condition in which w.e want
them, to feed them, or to fight, them?
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from South Carolina to tell tne whether
or not he is in favor of saying to every tribe of
Indians that threaten to light us, "If you will
not fight, us we will feed you," and to say ing to
every tribe that is disposed to be friendly to us
and does not want to fight us at all, " We will
let you feed yourselves as best you may?"
Mr. SAWYK.lt. We do not say that at
all. We take the facts. We know that these
Indians are and have been as savage as they
could be. We see a reasonable prospect, if
we believe those who ought to speak with
authority on this subject, of luinging^ them
into peaceful relations with the United States.
We have spent millions in this direction, and
profitably, with other Indians in the same
condition, it is but following out the policy
which we have heretofore begun, it is not
offering a premium to Indians to fight; but it
is simply taking reasonable measures to pre-
vent their fighting.
Mr. T1IURMAN. Let us look at this for a
moment. Here it is said are twelve thousand
Indians. That number at the outside would
not give over one thousand fighting men; it
would not give that. If those Indians make
war upon us, they make war with cause or
without cause. 11 they make war without
cause and in the wrong, then they are not
entitled to anything but the consequences of
war; and I say to my friend it' he will let the
people of Montana attend to them, it will not
want any million of money from ihe Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not the honorable
Senator know that the United S.ates are hound
to protect the people of Montana as much as
the people of Ohio?
Mr. TllUKMAN. I know they are bound
to protect the penpte ol Ohio; but whene\f r
wai happens in the Slate of Ohio, whenever
enemies attack Ohio, the people of Ohio will
be ready to protect themselves.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But does not the Senator
know perfectly well, and has he not always
maintained (as he is generally right) that it is
our duty to protect the citizens of the United
States in these Territories where they have a
right to settle—I am not speaking of Indian
lands or reservations, but outside of those—to
protect them against, the incursions of savages?
Does the honorable Senator dispute that?
Mr. THUKMAN. I will answer the Senator
when he is through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is one question.
Then let me ask another, that he may answer
both questions at once. I ask whether iie does
not know that within the last five years the
United Sjfttes has spent millions of money in
repressing the hostilities of these very Indians
who now come forward and say, "if we can
have the means of keeping body and soul to-
gether we are willing to come to any one spot
you will name and stay there and behave
ourtelves; but we cannot starve?" The
Indian loves a baby as well as a white man, I
suspeci, and lie is not expected to stand still
and see his squaw and papooses die of hunger
it there is au ox or a cow or a sheep that he
can lay his hand on ; and I do not blame him
very much for it.
The simple question, therefore, is a business
one, whether it is better for the Treasury of
the United States to feed these Indians in one
place, if they will come, as they say they will,
and keep them fiom misery and starvation and
from the temptation ol committing wrongs upon
us, or whether it is better to supply the mili-
tary i here at double or three times the expense,
and expose the inhabitants to the havoc and
the losses that usually follow military opera-
tions. That is all there is in the question as
a piaelica! one.
Air. TtlUKMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
do not want to go back into the whole history
of Ind an wars. I know very well how an
Indian war sometimes is a very profitable
thing to the people ot a Territory. I remem-
ber the old joke—whether it was a joke or the
truth 1 do not know-—of the Floridiaus who
went into the swamps of Florida and begged
the Indians to come out and kill a few wtme
men, so that they could get up another Indian
war and have au appiopnation by Congress,
or otherwise the whites would starve, not the
Indians.
1 know very well what the Indian war in
Oregon cost us and the one in Washington
Terntory, and how it is a very popular tiling
to get up an Indian war; but what I object to
is saying to any iribe of Indians, We will buy
our peace with you ; we wiil teed you if you
will not fight us," while as to all Indians who
are not disposed to fight us we leave them to
lake care of themselves as best they may. If
the policy is to be adopted which recognizes
all these Indians as so many paupeis whom
the Government is bound to support, friendly
Indians and unfriendly Indians, and we are
therefore to support them as the most econom-
ical measure we can adopt, then make it gen-
eral, and apply it to all Indians; but I do not
like i his idea of selecting out a particular baud
and saying to them, " We will make a bargain
with you ; we will give you so many shekels
of gold if you will not fight us; we will buy
our peace." I do not think that is a very good
policy tor us to adopt.
In regald to the particular circumstance of
this tribe, I confess 1 am not well advised, but
1 was lorcibly struck with the remaiks made
by the Senaior from Iowa [Mr. W RKitrrj m
regard to the amount of this appropiiation.
One entire twelfth ot this bill is to be given to
a tribe that scaicely anybody ever heard ot as
a consideration that they will not fight us; in
other words, to buy our peace. I do not like
that.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe we have made
an appropriation of §500,000, or at least sent
a commission to Montana to pay the expenses
of the Territory for fighting these Indians, in
addition to paying the expenses of the War
Department heretofore in maintaining an army
to punish these ludians. We know that what
is called the Piegan massacre occurred there ;
that the army went in and punished them very
severely. I have no doubt it is the view of
the Department to take these Indians, who
have been thoroughly whipped, as they have
been undoubtedly, and put them upon reser-
vations, and there establish and maintain them ;
and you will find it very much cheaper in the
end, as soon as possible after a severe war of
that kind, to place the.se Indians upon reser-
vations and establish them there, than to fight
them again.
Now, so far as the war in Orpgon and Wash-
ington Territory in 1855 and 1856 is con-
cerned, it cost the people of that State and
Territory over six million dollars, and the
Government allowed them about two million
eight hundred thousand dollars for those ex-
penses. There was not very much ot a specu-
lation in that, I can as.-ure you, to the people
of Oregon and Washington. They expended
$6,000,000 ui gold, and for that weie on'y
allowed §2.800,000 ill currency, when cur-
rency was woitti but sixty cents on the dollar.
So you can figure up how much the people
there got for their claims. They have no de-
sire, and never had a desire, to get up an
Indian war. They were ubi ged to defend
themselves and incur these expenses, and it
took all the money that coal I be collecied by
the people of ihat then infant Territory to
defend themselves. The Territory of Mon-
tana, it seems to me, is now somewhat simi-
larly situated.
Mow, it is proposed to establish these In-
dians, some twelve thousand in number, oil
reservations. Of course, at the outset, the
establishing and placit g of Indians on reser-
vations is very expensive. It was so in Oie-
gon, hut now m that State the expenses are
reduced to a very small figure. We maintain
as many as three thousand Indians on a reser-
vation there, in someinstanees for ten, fifteen,
or twenty thousand dollars, peihaps litteen
thousand dollars where there are no I reaty stip-
ulations. On the Siletz les'-rvaiion 1 think there
are iweniy eight hundred Indians, and ihat res-
ervation only receives ten or fifieen thousand
dollars a year from ihe appropiiation of $40,000
to be applied to the general and incidental ex-
penses of the Indians of Oiegon, with whom
there are no treaty stipulations. Of course that
is really inadequate, and I have had letters from
that reservation staling the abso'ute want of
those Indians in order to place them in a condi-
tion to advance wnh ihe policy now inaugurated
to civilize the Indians. But notwithstanding;
this appropiiation for Mouiauaappearn large, I
feel it my'duty to suppoit it under the exist-
ing circumstances, believing that it will be
cheaper m the end to appropriate this money
to leed the Indians than to fight them.
Mr. JiAMSliY. I have been sitting here
patiently in the expectation, which 1 supposed
was general on the part of the Senate, that we
should pass this hilt to-night, but I see there
is no probability of that. Oil the contrary,
there is evidently a disposition to debate it
further. I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope not.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is not the slightest
probability that we can pass the bill to-night.
Mr. HARIjAN. I hope we shall not ad-
journ.
Mr. COLE. I think we can get through
the bill m a few minutes now.
ThePRhSiDLXGOFFICER. Ihe motion
is not debatable. 'Ihe question is on the motion
of the Senator from Minnesota, that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 10, noes 28.
Mr. THURMAN. I ank unanimous coil-
sent to movo that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet, on Monday next.
