1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
the motion. The side represented by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] had
one hour yesterday.
Mr. BECK. Is the motion to lay on the
table debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then it seems to me
that the object of the gentleman from Indiana
is to prevent debate. It shows his consistency
and his honesty.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Chair will hear only points of order and
parliamentary inquiries.
Mr. BECK. Before the gentleman from
Indiana sits down, I wish to ask him whether
he will not yield to me five minutes to put
myself right, inasmuch as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] and others have referred
to me, and charged that I have made state-
ments of which they had a right to complain.
Yesterday I liberally yielded portions of the
small time allowed to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unquestionably I would
assent to the gentleman's request if he had
voted yesterday to give us a little time on this
bill.
Mr. BANKS. Was not the gentleman from
Indiana offered time to speak, and did he not
decline to take it because he could not have
one whole hour?
Mr. HOLMAN. I insisted that those who
opposed the bill should have an hour.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering the yeas and nays on the motion to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Indiana to allow some discussion oil
our side of the question. I yesterday offered
the gentleman from Indiana whatever part of
my time he might desire, and the gentlemau
knows it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 91, nays 92, not voting
57; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Amblen Archer,
Arthur, Barnum, Boatty, Boll, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Campbell. Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Con-
ner, Cox, Grebs, Catcher, Crossland, Ely, Finkeln-
burg, Forker, Charles Foster, Henrv T). Koster, Gar-
field, Getz, Ilaldeinan, Handley, Ilanks, Harmor,
Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,
iCelley, Keilogg, Kerr, Kctcham, Killinqer, King,
Lamison, Lewis. Manson. McClelland, McCormick,
McGrew, Mejunkin, MeKinney, McNeely, Mercur,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Moore, Niblack,
Puekard, Prindle, Read, John M. Rice, Ellis H.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Sessions,
Shanks, Shoemaker. Slocum, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Strong, Terry, Divight Town-
sond, Turner, Tyncr, Upson. Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Averill, Banks, Barber,
Bnrry, Beck.Beveridgo, Bigby, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair. Boies, Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, liuckley, Caldwell, Comingo, Conger,
Crocker, Dawes, Donnan, DuBose, Duell, Duko,
Dunuell, E<imes, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Fanvoll,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Golladay, Goodrich. Hale,
Hancock, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Havens, Gerry W. Ilazelton, Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Lamport, Lyneh, Marshall, Maynard, MeCrary,
McHenry, Mitchell, Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Price, Rainey, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Seofiold,Seeley,Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
SIoss, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Stoughton,
Sutherland. Taffe, Washington Townsend, TutUill,
Twicheil, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden. Waldron,
Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of
New York, and Young—92.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benjamin F. Butler, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Freeman Clarke. Cobb, Cotton,
Creely. Darrall. Davis, De Large, Dickey, Dox, El-
liott, Garrett, Griffith. llalsey, Hambleton, John W.
Hazelton, Herndon, Hill, Kendall, Kinsella, Lan-
sing. Loach, Lowe, Mclntyre, McKee, Merriam,
Merrick, Morey, Morgan. Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F, Perry,
Poland, Porter, Potter, Randall, Edward Y. Rice,
Ritchie. Rogers, Shellabarger, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Storm, Siowell, St. John, Swann,
Sypher, Thomas, Vaughan, Walls, Wells, White-
ley, and Whitthorne—57.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. DUNNELL rose.
message fkom the sen atm.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Samp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill of the fol-
lowing title; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 454) authorising the Secre-
tary of War to admit six Japanese youth to
the West Point Military Academy.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 1G69) authorizing an
American register to the British brig Isadore,
owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of Newton, Mas-
sachusetts ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1342) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to prevent the exterm-
ination of fur-bearing animals in Alaska."
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills of the following titles :
A bill (II. R. No. 894) granting a pension
to Joseph Montgomery:
A bill (H. R. No. 893) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Kenyon; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1760) explanatory of
the internal revenue act of June 30, 1864,
amended by the act of July 13, 1866, in rela-
tion to sirups, jellies, mustards, sauces, and
canned and preserved fruits, vegetables, and
meats, enumerated and taxed in schedule C of
said act and acts amendatory thereto.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, the
resolution of the House of Representatives
for the printing of the majority and minor-
ity reports of the joint Committee to Inquire
into the Condition of the late Insurrectionary
States.
lake st. croix railroad.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to extend the time to complete the road
from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, 1 had no idea of
taking any part in this debate, or of having
anything to do with this bill. But when it
came up yesterday I felt as though 1 ought to
vote for it, principally because when I was a
new member of this House, in 1868, in the
Fortieth Congress, a proposition was made to
grant an extension of time to the Northern
Pacific railroad, and I was then assured that
it had been the uniform custom of Congress
in all time past to vote for these extensions,
especially when years of war had intervened,
and commercial difficulties had come upon the
country. Under those circumstances I voted
for it, and, as I said, every Democrat in the
House voted for it except six or eight. Gen-
tlemen complain because I made that state-
ment and produced that record. Yet they are
forced to admit that what I said is true. They
say we were only a small body then. No doubt
of that fact either, but all there were of us,
except a tew who were absent and six or eight
who were present, voted for it. That is all I
said. I told how I had cast my vote, in com-
mon with my Democratic colleagues. This
road now simply asks an extension of time, for
there has been no forfeiture, as some gentle-
men alleges. The right, perhaps, to forfeit
has existed and now exists, but the forfeiture
has never taken place, the lands have not
been restored to market, and it will depend
upon the action of Congress whether they are
or not. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office so says in his letter. When this
road, small in comparison with the great
line now seeking these lands, with a fraction
of its line merely unfinished, comes and asks
for a similar extension to that which has been
uniformly granted to all others, I said 1 thought
it ought to have it under all the precedents of
the House. There is not an additional acre
of land granted or asked for in the bill. I
have never voted to grant an acre of land since
I have been in Congress, according to the best
of my recollection, though I favored the South-
ern Pacific railroad under all the circum-
stances and may have voted for it; but I am
willing to extend the time in such a case as
this; and for so declaring it is intimated that
I have taken an unwarranted course, in the
opinion of economical gentlemen. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in Ms
letter, which I will give in fall, says:
Washington, D. C., February.li, 1872.
Sik: I have the honor to return herewith the let-
ter of Hon. C. L. Meebiam, House of Represent-
atives, relative to the lands covered by the old grant
of the St. Croix and Lake Superior railroad, in Wis-
consin, and in reply to your request. have the honor
to report that tho Northern Pacifio Railroad Com-
pany is granted such lands in odd sections as may
not be sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of, &e..
at tho date of tho definite location of the line of
road, and a map thereoffiled with tho Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
In Wisconsin said company have filed a map
designating tho general route of their road, but no
definite location; therefore,should the grant of the
St. Croix and Lake Superior road be declared by
Congress as forfeited, and tho land restored to the
public domain, so much of said lands as shall hot
have been disposed of when the Northern Pacibo
company shall file their map of definite looalion
would, in my opinion, then pass within its grant.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner*
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
That letter makes it clear that no forfeiture
has yet been declared, and that the Northern
Pacific railroad will get all within their lines
if this bill is defeated. I had this additional
inducement to support this bill: it has been
shown on the floor of the House that upon
the faith that this road would be finished,
actual bonajide settlers had located upon the
line of this unfinished road in the wilderness,
and had paid into the Treasury of the United
States over two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars for the reserved section of lands, which
they purchased at $2 50 an acre, on the faith
of the grant being extended, more than the
ordinary Government price for lands ; and I
do not feel called upon to break through the
the universal practice of Congress in extend-
ing the time, and to leave these men out in
the woods or the prairies, instead of being
alongside a road, when they have paid the
Government $>2 50 an acre, and the Govern-
ment has received from them $250,000 of
their money, which is now in the Treasury,
because forsooth we are called upon on some
clap-trap cry of economy to turn back in all
that has been done in connection with all
other roads and deprive these poor people of
their rights simply to give the lands to the
Northern Pacific railroad, a great monopoly
controlled chiefly by the Pennsylvania Central
railroad. We know that the chief of that mo-
nopoly has been here for the last few days, and
every gentleman on this floor votiug against
extending this land grant to the State of Wis-
consin knows that a large majority of these
lands will go to that monopoly of which the
Pennsylvania Central is the principal owner,
and they are shielding themselves by talking
about soldier's bounties and soldier's lands
and homesteads for the people, when they
know that the Pennsylvania Central, the con-
trolling power in the Northern Pacific railroad,
will take greatly more than half of it in its
eighty mile limits as it crosses the grant,
when they know also that two hundred thou-
sand acres of these lands have been already
sold to actual settlers at the rate of $2 50
an acre, who will not be within twenty or
thirty miles of the Northern Pacific railroad.
Pennsylvania, great State as she is, is owned
by this great corporation in great measure.
It will not be matter of wonder if this bill is
defeated, the king of the mammoth has been
here, and perhaps is here now, of course
watching the interest of his giant monopoly
by killing off this little conflicting road.
