360
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Duty on Salt—Mr. Duett.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and it would
cost not less than that sum to erect them at this time.
I also mention that the State of New York, which
owns the salt-springs situated on the Onondaga salt-
springs reservation, has invested nearly four hun-
dred thousand dollars in the sinking of wells, erect-
ing of pump-works, and the laying of about forty
miles of wooden logs or conduits for the distribution
of salt water.
To carry on the businessof manufacturing salt our
association has a cash capital of $1,250,000; this capital
is inadequate for the business; and, in addition to
it, we are borrowing constantly from five hundred
thousand to one million dollars—due bills payable,
and indebtedness for money due atthis date, between
six and seven hundred thousand dollars.
Cost of producing Salt.
From the foregoing statistics it results that the
total capital employed in the business is $5,650,000,
without including borrowed money or the invest-
ment made by theState. Taking eightpercent.incur
reucy as a fair return for capital, tnenet income from
the above should be $452,000 per annum. 'lhe aver-
age annual production of all these works is about
eighty-five hundred thousandstatute bushels of fifty-
six pounds each, and reckoning interest on capital
as an item of cost results, this item amounts on each
bushel of fifty-six poundsto5.31 cents. The present
actual cost of a barrel of common salt, containing
five bushels, or two hundred and eighty pounds of
common salt, is as follows:
Cents.
Interest on capital per barrel  26.55
Fuel and labor .  75.
Empty barrel i  40.
Packing and nails  5.
Taxes and incidentals  10.
State duty  5.
Total cost per barrel at works $161.55
Of the total annual production, about one quarter
is made by solar evaporation at a cost of thirty-five
to forty cents per barrel less than the common fine
salt. Without more economical processes in the
consumption ot luel, which are at present unknown
to us, or without a reduction in the cost of Jabor,
there are no circumstances which can lessen the cost
of producing salt as above set forth. Our asso-
ciation having a very advantageous arrangement
for the procuring of coal, of which we consume
nearly two hundred thousand tons per annum, are
enabled to get the same at or very near the actual
cost of mining and transportation to the works.
The markets.
Of the last year's production there have been sent
to the city of New York about tweuty-three hundred
thousand bushels, which has been sold in that city
and along the sea-ooard trom Maine to Georgia. Be-
tween tnree hundred and tour hundred th< usaud
busliels have been sent to tide-water at Aibany, and
soid in northern New York, in Vermont, and con-
tiguous New Engiaud States. About four million
buMiels have been shipped Irom the ports of Buffalo
auU O«wego to the western and northwestern States.
The residue of the crop of 1871 is sold in our home
markeisof central and western New York and north-
ern Pennsylvania.
Tne various markets just referred to are those upon
whicti we must depend hereafter, aud without any
material chauge of the duty upon ioreign salt they
will probably t «ke our annual production in the
quantities and proportions above stated.
Freight, etc.
In arriving at the cost of our salt in the markets
when it is sold we must add expenses of transporta-
tion, handling, storing, selling, &c. The average
freights are as follows:
To Albany and New York 33 cents per barrel.
To Boston, Lakes Eiie, Mictngau
and Superior 35 cents per barrel.
The average cost of handling, storing, and selling
at nil points is not less than teu cents per bushel, iu
addition.to all otherexpenses.
.From the foregoing statements it results that in
order to make the interest upon capital as above
mentioned we must sell at the different points as
follows:
Per barrel.
At the works, where only a small quan-
tity is sold, at  $1 61.55
At Albany and New York at  2.U4.55
lu western and northwestern markets  2.01.55
Market 2>>'ices.
Our market pricesduringthe pastyearat all points
have been as follows, reducing all sales to barrels of
5 bushels or 28o pounds each, viz :
Per barrel.
At the works  $1 65—$2 (10
At Albany, tide-water   1 9o— 2 15
At New Yoik    1 75— 1 85
Western and northwestern markets—
average  2 00
In the foregoing statement of our business no esti-
mates havo been made foj: losses by bad debts, by
fires, marine loss, or from depreciation of stock by
exposure.
The result.
From the facts and figures herein given it results
that something more than interest upon our capital
has been made in our home markets, strictly so
called. Something less than interest upon'capital
upon the four hundred thousand bushels sent to the
western and northwestern markets. On sales at
tide-water, Albany, just above interest has been
made, and no interest whatever on capital on the
sales of two million three hundred thousand bushels
and upward sent to New York city. And I state, of
my own absolute knowledge, that such is the actual
present condition of the domestic salt business as
carried on in the Stateof New York, and lean think
of no circumstances which are likely to produce in
the future a better result. In the preceding year
(1870) the business was in a less favorable condition,
and produced less favorable results.
Comparative cost now and before the war.
I do further state that the actual cost of producing
salt is now nearly double what it was before and
during one third of the first years of the war^ that
the price of labor on oursolar fields was then eighty-
seven and a half cents to one dollar per day, and is
now $1 75 per day. The cost of boiling was then $1 50
per one hundred bushels, and is now three dollars.
The cost of barrels was then about twenty-five cents
each as against forty cents each now. The cost of
lumber and other materials used for erections and
repairs has fully doubled within the same time.
I make the following statements in regard to our
salt trade on thesea-board, where competition with
foreign salt is immediately encountered. Previous
to the war we sent no salt to tide-water, at Albany,
or to New York, being wholly excluded from those
markets by the foreign article:
Bmhel*.
In the year 1861, the duties on foreign salt
being slightly increased, we sent to Albany 158,028
To New York, none.
In 1862, the duty having been still further
increased, we sent to Albany  92,060
To New York, none.
In 1863, the duty remaining the same, we
sent to Albany  140,949
To New York none*
In 1864, the duty being increased to eight-
een cents per one hundred pounds, where
it now remains, we sent to Albany and
New York 1,037,661
In 1865 we sent to Albany  206,479
Iu 1865 we sent to New York  637.036
Id 1866 we sent to Alb ny  284,452
In 1866 we sent to New York 1,041.146
I > 1867 we sent, to Aibany  228.571
In 1867 we sent to New Yotk   1.295 927
In 1868 we sent to Albany  264,5u0
Iu 1868 we sent to New York 1,696,^18
In 1869 we sent to Albany  218.995
In 1869 we sent to New York    1,695 918
In 1870 we sent to Albany  284,158
In 1870 we sent to New York 2,09>.0. 6
In 1871 we sent to Albany  334,865
In 1871 we seut to New York  2,320,106
I further state, in respect to the salt sent to
New York in all the ye-irs above mentioned, the
competition with foreign salt has been so close
and so pressing that we have never made any
profit or interest on capital, except for a period dur-
ing and immediately after the close of the war,
whenasmnll profit was realized inconsequence of
the extraordinary premium on gold, in wtnen the
duties on foreign salt were payable. As I am in-
formed and believe, thequantitv of foreign salt now,
and for the past few years, imported into the city of
N<-w York, is just about equal to the quant ty of
domestic salt annually sent to the same place. We
hold our market there only under the condition of
selling without any profit, and we do this for the
purpose of giving employment and activity to our
labor and resources at home. And I state it as my
opiniou, without besitauon, that any material
change in the existing tariff will compel us to retire
wnolly from that market, and also from the tide-
w?*ter market at Albany.
This deponent further says, that being familiar
with the salt trade throughout the country, he is
able to say that under the existing tariff largp quan-
tities ot foreign salt are shipped trom Now Oi'ieans
up the Mississippi river to St. Louis, which is the
market for a very large extent of interior territory,
and is sold there in competition with domestic salt,
furnished parily from the Onondaga workv, but more
1 «rgely by the Ohio, West Vttginia, and Michigan
manufacturers. Tuat a large quantity of foreign
salt also annually reaches the city of Cincinnati, and
is soid there in close competition with domestic salt.
Also, that considerable quantities of foreigu salt
ascend the river St. Lawrence and the lakes, to Chi-
cago and other western ports, and may be always
found in these ports for sale in competition with the
domestic article; and, in view of these facts, depo-
neuus also of the opinion that any material change
in the existing tariff would give to foreign sait the pre-
dominance in the western and northwestern States,
lhis opinion is foi tided an'd rendered absolute con-
viction by the facts relating to the recent discovery
aud development of the salt interest in Canada
Until about three years ago thedomestic salt ot New
York had a large aud profitable market in Canada
being accustomed to send there five hundred to
seven hundred and fifty thousand bushels annually.
At about the period above mentioned the salt of
Canada West, near Lake Huron, was discovered, and
the productive power of that region is now ascer-
tained to be almost unlimited. The salt manufacto-
ries already erected and in operation there have
driven theNew York sait wholly from the Canadian
markets. The Canadian manufacturers claim that
they can produce sait in barrels, ready for shipment
at their works, at seventy-five cents per barrel, and
I am as certain as I am of any other fact connected
with the salt trade, that upon that basis of cost they
can pay the duty, (which is 50.4cents per barrel,) and
place their-salt in the western and northwestern lake
ports of the United States quite as cheaply as the
manufacturers of domestic sait.
This deponent concludes by saying that the limit
of the production and sale of the New York salt is
the possibility of finding a market for the same;
that the works actually existing at the Onondaga
salt reservation are capable of producing several
million bushels more annually than they actually
do produce, and that it is the policy as well as the
interest of the manufacturers to send their salt, and
they do send, into all of the markets of the United
States when they can sell the same without actual
loss.
_ JOHN W. BARKER.
Subscribed and sworn to, this 3d day of February,
1872, before me, a notary public, in and for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
rT q -i GEO. W. STICKNEY,
Notary Public.
EXHIBIT B.
Samuel R. St. John, being duly sworn, says:
That for about eighteen years past he has been an
extensive dealer in and importer of salt in the city
of New York, and is still such a dealer and im-
porter; that until the year 1865 his business was
confined to foreign salt; that since that time he has
been a dealer both in foreign salt and the domestic
salt of New York State; that he and Thomas Z.
Avery are the agents in New York for the sale of
the Onondaga salt. For several years prior to 1864
no domestic salt reached the city of New York;
that since that time the quantity received and sold
there has progressively increased, and during the
hist year was about twenty-three hundred thou-
sand bushels; that, beiug sold at the agency of
deponent, it is shipped and distributed along the
sea-board from Savannah, Georgia, to the stateof
Maine; thatdeponentis intimately acquainted with
ait kinds ot salt aud their uses, and that he considers
the salt of Onondaga, in its curative and preserva-
tive qualities, equal to any known to the commerce
« f the wortd. On this point he specially states that
nenriy half a million bushels of said salt is sent to
the ports of New England, the greater portion of
which is ot a peculiar kind, known as (F,) being the
fine screenings of the solar salt made by the heat of
tne sun, and wtiicu is used by the fishermen of New
Eugland tor the euring of fish ; that it is deemed of
peculiar excellence tor that purpose, and is pre-
ferred by most fishermen to any other, and they are
willing to pay a higher price for the same than for
any other kind. Another kind of Ononuaga salt is
knowu as C, being the coarse screenings of solar
salt; that he Considers it oi great use and excelicnce
for the packing and curing of meats, and fully equal
to Turk's Island salt, which is the foreign salt
generally used for that purpose. Depouent also
receives and sells a large quantity ot tbe factory-
filled salt, so called, specially purified and prepared
for dairy and table uses, and wtiich deponen' con-
siders of great excellence for such uses. Tne residue
ot the receipts are of the common fine (or boiled)
salt, which is largely used for mL-cellaneous and
general uses, and gives much satisfaction.
Deponent further says that he has examined the
publisued accounts ot the importations of foreign
salt from the custom-house iu New York city, and
learns therefrom that for the last four years such
importation is just about equal in quantity annually
to the quantity of domestic salt annually received
and sold at the same place. That from the state-
ments ot tbe cost of producing salt trom the Onon-
daga brines, with wtiich depouent is lamiiiar he
says it is true that such salt, to the amount now
of about tweuty-three hundred thousand bushels,
is annually sold in the city of New York at
prices which jield no profit or interest on capi-
tal; and he further says that if either domestic or
toreign saltstiould be withdrawn or eypeiled fiom
tue New York market, the price ot saltiu that mar-
ket, and in ail markets supplied therefrom, would
be enhanced thereby, as deponent verily believes.
}.t"her state that the present duty on ioreign
salt ot eighteen cents per one hundred pounds is
equivalent only to an ad valorem duty i n the better
Kinds ot foreign salt, as follows: on Ashton salt,
ioreign valua ion about thirty-seven percent., val-
uation or cost to the importer in New York, about
tnirty per cent.; on Marshall's and other fiue sack
salt, foreign valuation about fifty-two per cent.,
valuation or cost in New YTork about thirty-nine
per cent. Of these kinds of salt the annual import-
ation is from tweuty-five hundred thousand to
tnree million bushels, nearly one quarter ot the
total imports of foreign salt into the United States.
further state ttiat, notwithstanding the pres-
ent tariff, the importation of foreign salt is steadily
