399Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
page 68 of this bill. Assuming that the ware-
houses were to be left, no one objects to the
option herein extended being established also.
Mr. SHERMAN. It reads, " that section
seventy-three be amended by striking out all
after the enacting clause and inserting ia lieu
thereof the following," &c. This provides for
direct exportation instead of exportation from
bonded warehouses. The Senator sees the
whole point.
Mr. CONKLING. I think I do. I wish the
Senator from Ohio would tell me whether I
am not right in this. The friends of bonded
warehouses are perfectly willing this section
should be adopted, so that every one shall
choose whether he exports by means of bonded
warehouses or whether he does it under the
provision here proposed, directly with a draw-
back.
Mr. SHERMAN. But for the convenience
of exportation there is no object at all in these
Government warehouses. The Government
warehouses are not established for the con-
venience of the dealer, nor for the convenience
of the Government; they are established for
the convenience of the manufacturers, to ena-
ble them by a certain process to export their
tobacco, and, as a matter of course, if another
provision is made that is more suitable it is
not the interest of the Government to main-
tain this system of bonded warehouses in the
city of New York merely to give the dealers a
credit of six months or a year, or whatever
lime they hold the tobacco in wareho'use,
against all the rest of the trade, on the tax
upon tobacco.
The Senator will see very well that if you
continue this system of Government ware-
housesin the cityof New York, the tobacco will
be sent there for home consumption merely to
give to these dealers the opportunity to hold
that tobacco free ot' tax until they can sell it
to our people at home. If they do that, it
inteiferes not only with the trade, but it gives
them an advantage over the dealers all over the
country, and it gives them a credit, without
interest, for the amount of the tax on the
tobacco.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator if these
people do not pay all the expenses of the
bonded warehouse?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but they
keep the tobacco and do not pay tax on it, and
the Government is kept out of the tax for
months, and to the injury of the other tobacco
dealers.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask if it does not encour-
age them in keeping a stock on hand, so that
they can sell a larger amount of tobacco than
they could otherwise ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but it is at the
expense of the United States. Why do not
these dealers go to the tobacco warehouses all
over the country and pay the tax on their
tobacco like any other dealers, and put it in
warehouses and give an advantage to all alike?
In this aspect this provision is unconstitu-
tional in my judgment. You cannot give priv-
ileges in favor of certain designated ports of
the United States and refuse them to others ;
and you cannot doit under circumstances which
give an advantage to certain ports of the Uni-
ted States over others.
Mr. CORBETT. It is no more so than in
the case of imported goods.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tobacco is owned in
every State of the Union: it is scattered in
warehouses all over the country, and the only
object of establishing these bonded warehouses
was to devise some mode by which we might
export manufactured tobacco. But now an-
olher system is proposed by which tobacco is
taken directly from the manufacturer's ware-
house and exported to any port in the world,
so that every tobacco manufacturer in the
United States is put on a footing of equality;
and these dealers can go to an}' tobacco man-
ufacturer in the United States and buy tobacco
like anything else. Why, in addition, should
they have the advantage of having their to-
bacco stored in the city of New York, the city
of Philadelphia, the city of New Orleans, or
the city of San Francisco, because these are
the only cities that ask it, and using the
money due to the Government until they can
find some person to buy it ia the United
States?
It seems to me that the very moment you
provide some other mode of exporting tobacco
there is the end of the tobacco warehouses.
Though there are no proven frauds in these
tobacco warehouses, yet the opportunity for
fraud isvery great. Whether any has occurred,
or not, I do not know ; but every time you
remove tobacco or anything else from the
place where it is manufactured, you add to
the possibility of fraud.
Mr. President, the House of Representatives
have devised, with the aid of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue and the aid of the
trade, a very carefully prepared system by which
all the tobacco in the United States is open to
market; it cannot be removed except for ex-
portation from any tobacco warehouse ; and
when it is removed for exportation it may be
removed from all alikeand exported anywhere
in the world under certain limitations. It
seems to me you have to take one or the other
of these systems and not attempt to blend the
two together. If you do you give to tobacco
dealers in the city of New York and every-
where else where these warehouses may be
established an enormous advantage, by which
they may levy a tribute on every tobacco man-
ufacturer in the United States and every dealer
in the United States other than those in these
cities.
Take the case, for instance, of a man in
Cincinnati. Suppose a dealer in Cincinnati—
and we have the largest dealers there in the
United States—desires to export tobacco ; he
cannot touch it until he goes and pays the tax
at Cincinnati, and then he may export it to
Liverpool on giving the requisite bond ; but
if warehouses are established in the city of
New York under the old system tobacco may
be, without payment of tax, transferred to the
city of New York and left there just as long as
the owner chooses to keep it there free from
the payment of tax. If exported it pays no
tax at all, and he may keep it there until
he can sell it abroad or at home, thus making
a discrimination in favor of the dealer in New
Yprk against the dealers in all other parts of the
country.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that the
Senator from Ohio is not correct in his state-
ment in this respect. I know there is one
dealer in the city of Portland who pays about
fifty thousand dollars tax upon tobacco. If
he has got to pay that $50,000 before he ships
the tobacco from this side, it is evident that
he cannot purchase half the quantity of tobacco
that he could otherwise if he has only his
$50,000 to invest and can buy $100,000 worth
of tobacco. The manufacturers under the
system proposed now have got to keep their
entire stock for the trade. Under the present
system the dealers can purchase tobacco of
the manufacturers at the price that they charge
for it, and ship it in bond and pay this tax as
they withdraw it for consumption. Con-
sequently the manufacturer does not have to
keep so large a stock on hand, but it is dis-
tributed throughout the country and kept in
these export bonded warehouses ready to be
withdrawn for consumption or to be exported
out of the country.
Under the system proposed we have got to
go into a complicated system of drawbacks,
which is very annoying to people who desire
to export. They have got to prove and give
bonds that the article is to be sent out of the
country, and it goes through a system the cost
of which amounts to more in many cases than
they get back, and it is a very annoying system.
They desire to have the privilege of shipping
their tobacco to these export bonded ware-
houses the same as in cases of imported goods
where men pay the duty upou the imports
when they withdraw the article for consump-
tion. I believe that this same provision ia
extended to whisky. I think they have a
right to withdraw whisky, and pay -the tax as
they withdraw whisky for consumption, have
they not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. These pro-
visions in sections seventy-three and seventy-
four are precisely the provisions that are in-
corporated in the law for the exportation of
whisky, so that whisky and tobacco are both
exported in the same way under bond. Whisky
may be exported from any distillery ware-
house to any port in the world. So tobacco
may be exported from any tobacco warehouse
to any port of the world on complying with
these provisions. There is no export ware-
house for spirits at all. Those warehouses
were abolished three or four years ago as a
fruitful source of fraud.
Mr. CORBETT. I was not aware that they
had been abolished. I knew they had at one
time been enabled to do this, but I believe
in consequence of the perishable nature of
whisky, owing to shrinkage, leakage, &c.,
that privilege was withdrawn. But so far as
tobacco is concerned it is not an article that
can leak away. I think there has never been
any complaint of the law as it now stands giv-
ing the right to export tobacco. There has
been no fraud that I can learn, but it simply
gives them the advantage that I have stated.
It seems to me that it is not unreasonable
where tobacco pays such an enormous tax,
more than the original cost in many instances,
that the dealers should have the opportunity
to purchase here and ship to distant ports,
hold it in warehouse, and pay the tax as the
article is withdrawn for consumption. This
enables them to keep a larger stock on hand
to be allowed to meet the wants of their cus-
tomers throughout the country, and to do their
business with a less amount of capital, aud I
do not know of any one that can afford to
extend these privileges better than the Gov-
ernment that gets the tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
amendment pending.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Clerk where he
is reading now.
The Chief Clerk. The reading finished at
line three hundred and seventy-two of section
[seventeen] sixteen on page 70.
Mr. CORBETT. I propose to insert an
amendment there which will cover this point.
Mr. CONKLING. What has become of
the other two amendments of the Senator?
Mr. CORBE IT. Those amendments are
pending, but were passed over in order to reach
the particular point that the Senator from Ohio
desires to contest.
Mr. CONKLING. We certainly have
reached that now.
Mr. CORBETT. I am prepared to
an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
that there is nothing touching this matter that
comes later than this until you get to line four
hundred and three on page 71, and there, if
bonded warehouses are to be abolished, I pro-
pose to move to strike out "six" and insert
"twelve" in that line, and also in lino four
hundred and nine, after the other amendment
which the Senator has proposed. We have
reached the place to consider now.
Mr. CORBET r. I have now the amend-
ment that I propose to offer. I move to strike
out all after line three hundred and seventy-
three and to insert 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has
not been read yet. The Chair will suggest
that as the Committee on Finance have pro-
posed several amendments to this paragraph
it be read through and the amendments acted
on before the proposition of the Senator from
Oregon is made.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to suggest to the
