1872.
THE CONGKESSIOTAli GLOBE.
418
tary of the Interior, transmitting an estimate
of appropriations for the benefit of the Winne-
bago Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
equestrian statue op genera!. scott.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, asking for an appropriation for
the erection of an equestrian statue to the
memory of Brevet Lieutenant General Win-
field Scott,; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to bo printed.
s1iawni5ij indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to certain
selection of lands made for members of the
Shawnee Indians; also the draf'tof a joint res-
olution to confirm the sale of such selections ;
which were referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
osweoo mvisR.
The SPEAKER,also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution -f the
House of December 18.1871, in relation to the
improvement of Oswego liver; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
coast survey.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting estimates of
appropriations required for surveying service,
and to supply deficiencies for the fiscal years
ending Juno 30, 1870. 1871, and 1872; which
was lefeived to ihe Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
"black dob" band of Indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior in relation to certain lands
in the State of Kansas, belongingto 'he "Black
Bob' band of Shawnee Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
K\',V INDIAN'S.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the present
condition of the Kaw Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
bciivey of ti1e delaware kiveit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Del-
aware [Mr. Biggs] desires to offer a joint
resolution for consideration now.
ilr. BANKS. Has the morning hour com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER, It has not._ It will not
commence until the regular order isdemanded.
Mr BIGGS. 1 ask unanimous consent to
introduce, with a view to its present consid-
eration, a joint resolution, providing for the
survey of the Delaware river, at New Castle,
Delaware, for certain purposes.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for inionnation, alter which objection,
if any, will bo in order.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. W1LLARD. I object.
DONATION OF CANNON'.
Sir. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joi'it. resolution (li. 11. No. 70) donat-
ing certain condemned cannon for a soldiers'
monument n.t Curtland. New York; whiah was
read a first and second time.
Mr. DUELL. I ask unanimous consent
that the joint resolution be now put upon its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information, after which objection,
if any, will be in order.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. MAYNARD. During last Congress I
insisted that all such applications should go
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and I
desire that that course shall be now taken. I
object to the present consideration of the joint
resolution.
Mr. DUELL. A similar bill has already
been passed this session. I hope my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Matnard] will not per-
sist in his objection.
Mr. MAYJSTARD. There are so many of
such applications, that I must insist on my
objection.
Mr. STOUGHTON. There is so large a
number of these bills being constantly intro-
duced that I also must object to their being
passed without going to the appropriate com-
mittee.
Mr. DUELL. Then I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
INCUiSASHU PENSIONS.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs the bill (II. R. No. 881) allowing
totally disabled soldiers and seamen increased
pensions, and moved that the committee he
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
internal revenue.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this Houseliow many persons in
all are now employed in and about tho assessment
and collection of the internal revenue.
Mr. DICKEY. I object, for the reason that
the Secretary of the Interior is now preoaring
a list of that, kind bv direction of this House.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] is mistaken. The
list, which is being prepared by the Secretary
of the Interior refers uot to the present time,
but to a former year.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
disposition op land scrip.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to offer a resolution for reference.
The SPEAKER. Is there any exigency
about it which lequires it, to be referred before
Monday ?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There was no
opportunity to offer it yesterday.
The SPEAKER. What was the lack of
opportunity ? The State of Ohio was called.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It was not called.
Mr. Speaker, for resolutions of this kind.
The Clerk proceeded to read the resolution,
as follows:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire and report 
The SPEAKER. That is not a resolution
for reference, but for the action of the House.
It is a resolution which the Chair would enter-
tain.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask to have it
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
The Cierk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire and report what disposition
has been made by the several States of the land
pcrip issued to them respectively under the act of
July 2.1862: whether the same lias been located
and sold, and if so, how the proceeds and interest
thereou have been appropriated; and whether ono
or more as-ncnitural colleges have been established
in the said States respectively, or any legislative
provision made therefor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire that the resolution shall be agreed to?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I d®.
The SPEAKER. Then it is not a reso-
lution for reference. If the gentleman had
stated distinctly what lie desired, the Chair
would have made no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Then I withdraw
my remarks in that regard.
The resolution was agreed to.
payment op volunteers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, presented a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting a statement of
the amounts refunded to the States in raising
volunteers from 1801 to 1872; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
new jersey life-saving stations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
501) authorizing the appropriation for the
employment of surfmen at alternate life-saving
stations on the New Jersey eoast for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1872, to be expended in
employing crews at such stations and for such
periods and at such compensation as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may deem reasonable,
not to exceed forty dollars per month for each
person employed.
The bill was read. It proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to expend
the sum of $10,080, appropriated by an act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
approved March 3, 1871, for the " pay of six
experienced surfmen to man each of the boats
at alternate life-saving stations on the New
Jersey coast from December 15 to March 15,"
in employing crews of experienced surfmen at
such stations and for such periods as he may
deem necessary and proper, and at such com-
pensation as he may deem reasonable, not to
cxceed forty dollars per month for each person
to be employed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill now? The Chair
hears none, and the hill is before the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of the Treasury has sent to the House a letter
in reference to tiiis bill, which is as follows:
treasury depaetment,
Washington, D. C., December 11,1871.
Sir : If the accompanying joint resolution author-
izing the amount appropriated for the employment
of surfmen on tho New Jersey coast by act of March
3,1871, (see Statutcs-at-Large. volarao 1(3. page 490,)
to be expended in accordance with tho provisions
of section twenty-seven of the act of A.prit 20, 1871,
(see Statutes-at-Largo, first session Forty-Second
Congress, pagel2, Littlo&Brown'sedition.jcould be
passed beiore thelSth instant.it would greatly facil-
itate the reorganization of the life-saving service
now in progress.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWEIiIi, Secretary.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations Mouse of Representatives.
I will statethat theobjectof the bill is merely
this: the appropriation made for this purpose
for the last fiscal year restricted the pay of surf
men at life-saving stations to forty dollars a
month The Secretary of the Trc-asurv reports
that if we allow him to pay a less sum during
some months of the year, he can discriminate
in the use of the fund during the whole year,
and use it more economically. The bill does
not propose a new appropriation, but merely
to distribute tho appropriation already made
somewhat differently. The same disposition
has bee-i made in the law m regard to the ap-
propriation for the current fiscal year. It was
provided for at the last short session of Con-
gress. I apprehend that there can be no ques-
tion about the propriety of this bill, and I ask
for a vote upon it.
Mr. N1BLACK. I desire to say, for theben-
efit of gentlemen on this side of the House who
may not have heard the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, that the bill makes no addi-
tional appropriation, but only provides an
