1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
2205
EDGARTOWN HARBOR, MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. BUPFINTOJf, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Itexolved, That the Secretary of War be yequeatod
to cause an examination and survey to be made
of the harbor of Edsartown, Massachusetts, with a
view to dredging and improving the same, so as to
afford greater pioteetion and facilities to commerce,
and that he report upon the feasibility of making
such improvement and the probable cost thereof to
the House of Representatives.
MARY ARMSTRONG.
On motion of Mr. W1LLARD, by unani-
mous consent, the bill (S. No. 879) granting a
pension to Mary Armstrong, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
SARAH M'KNANY.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, the bill (8. No. 347) granting a pen-
sion to Sarah McEuany, was taken from the
Speaker's table,, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
MINOR CHILDREN Of F. F. DAYTOIf.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 8S4) granting fx pen-
sion to the minor children of Frederick P.
Dayton, deceased, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
MINOR CHILDREN OF A. 311. RITCI1KY.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 878) granting a pen-
sion to the minor children of Amanda M.
Ritchey was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oil Invalid Pensions.
ADJUSTMENT OF PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. SHELDON, by unani
mous consent, the bill (S. No. 324) to extend
the provisions of an act entitled '-An act for
the final adjustment of private land claims in
the States of Florida, Louisiana, and Mis-
souri, and for other purposes," was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
tune, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
The SPEAKER. These several bills are
referred on the understanding that they are
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
BRAZOS DB SANTIAGO COLLECTION DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. SHELDON, by unani-
mous consent, the bill (H. ft. No. 131) to
change the boundaries of the collection dis-
tiict of Brazos de Santiago, with Senate
amendments, was taken from the Speaker's
table.
The amendments were read, as follows:
In tine one, stiike out the word "counties" and
insert the word " cou-nty."
In the samo Hue, strike out the words " Zapata
and W ebb."
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. SHELDON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMASTER GIWKIIAL OF TIIB AKMY.
On motion of Mr. COBURN", by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No 463) to enable the
President to appoint a Paymaster General of
the Army was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
J. ROSS BROWNE,
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of
J. Ross Browne, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. These bills ar© referred
with the understanding that they are not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
JOINT ENTRY BY PREEMPTION SETTLERS.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Public
Lands a bill (H. R. No. 2202) authorizing
joint entry by preemption settleis, tend for
other purposes; which waa read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that when settlements have been made
upon agricultural public lands of the United
States prior to the survey thereof, and it lias
been or shall be ascertained, after the public
surveys have been extended over such lands,
that two or more settlers have improvements
upon the same legal subdivision, it shall be
lawful for such settlers to make joint entry of
their lands at the local land office, or for either
of said settlers to enter into contract with his
eoset.tlers to convey to them their portion of
said land after a patent is issued to him, and,
after making said contract, to file a declaratory
statement in his own name, and prove up and
pay for said land, and proof of joint occupa-
tion by himself and others, and of such con-
tract with them made, shall be equivalent to
proof of sole occupation and preemption by
the applicant; provided, that in no case shall
the amount patented under this act exceed
one bundled and sixty acres, nor shall this act
apply to lands not subject to homestead or
preemption entry. The second section directs
that effect shall be given to this act. by regu-
lations to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. HAWLEY. The committee report this
as a substitute for House bill No. 1023, and
the difference between the two is that this bill
provides that the provisions of it shall not
extend to anything but, homestead or preemp-
tion lands; that is to say, it shall not have any
operation except upon lands subject to pre-
emption and homestead entry. The only object
is that where two or more persons have settled
on what proves to be the same subdivision of
land when surveyed, having entered the lands
before survey, the one may purchase of the
others, so that they may not lose their title.
The bill has the unanimous consent of the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, itwae
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider thevote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OLIVER MOSES AND OTHERS.
Mr. FRYE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Claims, reported back the bill
(H. li. No. 1221) for the relief of Oliver Moses
and others, o.vners of the ship John Carver;
and the same was recommitted to the commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
HARBOR OF MOBILE
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Itenohed, That the Secretary of Wnr be, and is
hereby, directed to furnish to the Hou-*e of Repre-
sentatives, at his earliebt convenience, the report
of General J. II. Simpson, engineer of the United
States Army, in reference to the improvement of
the Mobile harbor.
CLAIM OF E. A. BARRETT.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Ilexolvd, That the President be requested to fur-
nish the House of Representatives, if not inconsist-
ent with the public interest, conies of any corre-
spondence which has taken place between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the Government
oS Gicat Britain, m regard to the presentation by
the agent of Great Britain to the commissioners ap-
pointed under the twelfth article ot the treaty of
Washington of the claim of Edward Alfred Barrett,
for payment of a bond issued by the so-called con-
federate States of America, being one of the bonds
commonly called the cotton-loan bonds, and also a
copy of any proceedings had on said claim by or
bofore said commissioner.
IMPROVEMENT OF TIIB OHIO BIVER.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(H. li. No. 2203) to improve the navigation
of the Ohio river and its tributaries ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of War to detail three competent officers from
the corps of engineers to examine and report
upon the Noble method of channeling and
dredging the Ohio river and its tributaries for
the purpose of improving the navigation of
said river.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNIVERSITY FOR THE BLIND. 1
Mr. STORM, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania ; which
was referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed :
Joint resolution requesting our Senator« and Repre-
nenOtiicev in Oonyrena to favor the granting of aid to
the American Prmtina Jlousa, &c.,for the Blind.
Whereas the central board of trustees of the
American Printing House for the Blind and the
American University for the Blind has boon incor-
porated and oigamzed in the District of Columbia,
under the name of the Board of Regents of the
American Printing House tor the Blind and the
American University tor the Blind; and whereas
the objects of said institutions are to provide for the
blind faeilitiesof instruction not heretofore enjoyed
or attainable by thorn, that is to say, a series oi text-
books, works of goneral literature, and illustrative
apparatus addressed to the sense of touch, with all
other methods conducive to the acquisition of thor-
ough and liberal education; and whereas the re-
spective State boards of trustees of said printing
house or of said university are entitled to repre-
sentation in said board of legents; and whereas
it is for the benefit of t.ho blind of the nation, in
which those of this State arc generally interested,
and are recipients of said facilities of education;
and whereas there is a bill in Congress to make ap-
propriation to said printing house and said univer-
sity for the blind : Now, therefore,
Jic it retolved. That our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress be requested to favor the granting
of aid by an appropriation of money to said institu-
tion, and that his Excellency the Governor be
requested to forward a copy of this memorial to
our .Representatives in Congress.
VV. ELLIOTT,
Speaker of the Uou^t <>f Il'-prwntative*.
JAMES S. IttJTAN. _
Speaker of the Seriate.
Approved the 29th day of March, A. D.-1872.
JOHN W. GKAliY.
Office of Secretary of thk Commonwealth,
liARiuSBUitG, March 29, A. D. 1872.
Pennsylvania, ss.:
I do hereby certify that the foregoing and annexed
is a full, ti ue, and correct copy of the original act of
the General Assembly entitled "Joint resolution
requesting our Senators and Representatives in \ on-
gre&s to favor the granting of aid to the American
Printing llouso for the Blind/' as the same remains
on file in this office.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set iny hand
r Q -I aud caused the seal of tbe secretary's otlice
IL. i).j ke affiXC(i tke (jay an(j yenr above written.
A. C. RJSIKOEilL,
Deputy Secretary of the Commonwealth.
UNITEI) STATES COURT IN INDIAN COUNTRY.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. K. No. 2204) establishing
a United States district court in the Indian
country; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
COLOSSAL STATUE OF ADJH11AL FAIUIAGUT.
Mr. TYNER. 1 ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, and have
concurred in, the amendments of the Senate to
House joint resolution No. 117, to authorize
