1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
42d Cong 2d
Pacific Railroad Companies—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
increasing at the ports of this country, from and
including New England to the southern States.
SAMUEL R. ST. JOHN.
Sworn to before me, this 6th day of February, A.
d. 1872,
r. _ i JOS. T. 3L PLANT,
  J Notary Public for the District of Columbia,
EXHIBIT C.
William Bumm, of the firm of William Bumm &
Son, of the city of Philadelphia, being sworn and
examined, says:
That for thirty years last past he with his partner
has been an importer and dealer in foreign salt, and
that he has been and is the largest dealer in salt in
said city: that he began to deal in domestic salt
made at Syracuse, in the State of New York, in or
about the year 1864. and still deals in the same.
That his sales of such domestic salt are now about
three hundred and fifty thousand statute bushels
annually, the same being sold to deponent from the
Syracuse agency in New York; that of this quan-
tity about twenty-five thousand measured bushels,
equal to about thirty-eight thousand statute bush-
els, are of the kind known as diamond (F) solar,
which is sold for the curing of fish and for chemical
purposes; that a portion of said quantity is factory-
filled salt, which is sold in Philadelphia for table
uses, and that the nature of his sales of domestic
salt, being the greater portion thereof, is a mixture
of the fine screenings of solar and of common or
boiled salt; that the customers of deponent for
said domestic salt in its different kinds are numer-
ous, being small and retail dealers in Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, Delaware, and some part of Maryland.
That deponent considers the said salt to be of excel-
lent quality for all the uses to which it is put, and
that all his customers, so far as he knows, are per-
fectly satisfied with it, deponentnever having heard
any complaint thereof; that under the tariff as it
now is the quantity of salt annually imported into
Philadelphia is considerably in excess of the domestic
salt sold there; that the competition between the
two keeps the prices down to low figures, and that
he has no doubt that if either the foreign or domestic
article were withdrawn or expelled from that mar-
ket the prices would be higher than they now are,
and he adds that from all the information in his pos-
session he verily believes that a repeal or any mate-
rial reduction of the tariff on foreign salt would
inevitably result in the exclusion of domestic salt
from the market aforesaid.
WILLIAM BUMM.
EXHIBIT D.
Jeremiah Paine, being sworn and examined, says:
TUat be was norn and for the most part of bis life
has resided on C<ipe Cod, iu the State of Massachu-
setts; that during the early period ot his iile he yas
engaged in the catching and curiug otfi>h; at a later
period he waa a wholesale dealer in fish ; that about
twenty >ear> ago he commenced dealing insult; that
he dealtiu foreign salt until a lew years ago, when
he began to deal in domestic salt made at Syracuse,
in the State ot New York: that be deals now in both
kinds, but mainly in the domestic article; that
during the past year he sold of domestic salt, of the
kind called diamond (F) solar, about one hundred
and twenty-seven thousand bushels, which sales
were made to numerous parties engaged in the catch-
ing ol fish, or their agents, and were mado wholly in
the two tuwns ot Provineetowu and Welifleet, on
Cape Cod; that the numerous customers ol deponent
for this articleof salt have been more generally satis-
fied with it than with any other article; that depo-
nent's sales during the ljst year have been greater
than ever betore; that his sales at Proviucetown
during the last year were 101,500 bushels, while,duiing
the same period, only about twenty-eight thousand
bushels ol foreign salt were sold at that place, and
yet the sales ot the domestic article were made at
about four cents per buahel higher than those ot
foreign salt used for the same purposes. Deponent
has no hesitation iu pronouncing the said article of
domestic salt fully equal tor the purposes aioresaid
to any known to commerce. ^
JEREMIAH PAINE.
EXHIBIT E.
Boston, January 17,1872.
The undersigned, dealers in or consumers of
Onondaga salr, hereby certify that after several
years'knowledge and use of the same we consider
it fully equal it not superior to foreign salt.
J. RICH k CO.,
Wholexale*Fi8h Dealers mid Packers,
No, 51 Long Wharf
Memorandum: The above is one of over sixty
like certificates from dealers, grocers, and fishermen
of Cape Cod, Cape Ann, Boston, and other places.
EXHIBIT F.
I. T. Davis, of the firm of I. Thomas Davis & Co.,
That with his partner they have been dealers and
importers ot foreign salt since 1855, and that at
present they are the largest importers and dealers
of salt in the city ot Baltimore, Maryland; tnat
recently they have handled a considerable quantity
of the salt manufactured at Syracuse, Onondaga
county, New York, and that said salt has given sat-
isfaction to purchasers for the different purposes to
which it has been applied, and in some cases com-
manding a preference for special purposes.
The ihiports of foreign salt into the port of Balti-
more for several years past have steadily increased;
no doubt somewhat caused by the reduced premium
on gold, with which the invoice, freight, and duty
are payable.
The competition between theforeign and domestic
keeps the prices down to the lowest point, and if
either kind yrere driven from any market the result
would likely be advanced rates.
1. THOS. DAVIS.
February 1,1872.
Pacific Railroad Companies.
REMARKS OF IION. B. F. BUTLER,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
May 15, 1872.
The House having under consideration the report
from the Judioiary Committee oonoorning Pacific
railroad companies, and Mr. Bingham being enti-
tled to the floor—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How long
will the chairman of the committee yield to
me to apeak without interruption?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
ten minutes without interruption.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Only ten
minutesl " 0 monstrous! but one half-penny-
worth of bread to this intolerable deal of
sack."
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think that any
gentleman has spoken on this question more
than ten minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But you
have had two speeches oil your side.
1 wish the House to hear a plain statement
of this case, and lor that purpose I may iisk
some lit-te time in which to make it. All the
let-ling 1 have in the matter is because of the
attempt to carry this thing through, involving
iihIIiods of money and hundieds of thousands
of acies of land belonging to the United
States, without giving it a hearing. I desire
not to speak for any railroad company. I am
proud to say I am for neither of them. Thny
have employed two ex Attorneys General in
their behalf. There have been but one or two
ex-Attorneys General of the last ten ypars
who have not b^en retained to appear in mat-
ters pending before the Executive, and thus use
their influence with their late associates in the
several Departments, and thus carry throunh
the schemes of railroads to gel the public
lands. And at this time, when we are pro-
viding by law that an ex-clerk shall not prac-
tice before the Departments after he goes out
of office, ought we not as well provide that
ex-Attorneys General shall not practice before
Secretaries, who have such vast interests in
charge, with whom they were formerly asso-
ciated ?
Now, let me state what this case is. The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Petebs] is quite
right. '1 hese railroads do ask us to let them
alone. They have agreed in the course of this
controversy to divide this land of the United
States between them. If they can get it out
of the United States, they have agreed to take
it, and then they have agreed to go together
and claim some million dollars'worih of bonds
to be delivered over to them as subsidies upon
the same grounds; and it is that question
which I wish to bring before the Congress
of the United States and the people ot this
country.
Sir, the railroads have transferred their
claims for land, these land grabs, from the
floor of Congress into the Departments and
before the executive portion of the Govern-
ment; and by executive orders, by construc
tions of iaws aud acts of Congress, and by
twists and turns and lawyers' work, they are
attempting to get the public lands of the peo-
ple of the United States for themselves, which
they are deprived of in Congress, in their own
interests, and in that of nobody else. And
they will agree together or will disagree.
They will argue with each other, or act
against each other or for each other, as the
case may be. They will do this, that, or the
other, to accomplish their ends, as all selfish
men will do. And therefore it is our duty to
watch them.
Now, what is the case before us? The Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad was named as
one of the railroads that have lands granted
them conterminous with their roads, extending
from the eastern terminus at St. Joseph to
the hundredth meridian, there to connect with
the Union Pacific railroad. There was another
railroad known as the Pike's Peak railroad,
and another still, known as the Kansas rail-
road, eastern division; and the three were
all to come together at Omaha, each having
land grants to help it build its railroad to
Omaha, and at Omaha they were to join the
Union Pacific. All these railroads were to
relieve their lands upon the express condition
that they should make a junction and a con-
tinuous road west from their respective eastern
termini.
The Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad
Company never built a foot of road, never
have built a foot of road, never intend to build
a foot of road under their grant. But they
found a little railroad, the Pike's Peak, after-
ward called the Central Pacific railroad, and
they assigned all their land grants by an in-
strument in writing to that road ; and that road
now is before the Department of the Interior,
and the Committt-e of the Judiciary of this
House, at-kmg for those lands under that
assignment. And the question is whether,
when Congress gives the lands to one railroad
in trust to make a railroad for the convey-
ance of munitions of war, and of stores, and
of mails, and troops of the United Slates,
that can be assigned over to some other
corporation over which the Government may
or may not have control, and that corpor-
ation get the lands without assuming any of
the burdens.
Thai is the first great question of law. It is
a very grave question of law, because there
are five or six railroads in this country which
have had grants of lands upon like conditions
that they have attempted so to assign to otlier
roads without asr-ent of Congress. The great
question of fact in this case is one that cannot
be got over, and that is that there is about
thirty miles of railroad, if i recollect right—
and if 1 am wrong the gentleman from Ne-
braska [Mr. Taffe] wiil tell me 
Mr. i'AFFE. No; I beg pardon. I do
hot have ihe right to say a word here to-night.
1 tried to get the floor for a minute, as this
road runs through my State, but I am denied
the privilege of saying a word.
Mr. BU 1'LEll, of Massachusetts. Well, if
I am wrong the gentleman will kindly set me
right. My friend from Maine [Mr. Pkteks]
is right; he told you exactly as it. was, as we
might know he would do. Counsel carried olf
his brief after he had convinced the majority
of the committee, and the minority could not
make up its report, and then the two rail-
roads made an agreement between themselves,
and there was nobody before us to represent
the interests of the Government; no live ex
or XX Attorney General was before us to
represent the interests of the United States;
nobody was there for that purpose. A bar-
gain was made up by these roads between
themselves by which they might get the lands,
and they alone appeared. Now, I say that
there are thirty miles of railroad between St,
Jo and Atchison.
