1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3997
Senator from Oregon, who understands this
much better than i do, that the section from
which we are passing now and the one which
has not been read are the sections which re-
peal the bonded warehouse provision. There-
fore, if he has amendments applicable to that
subject at all, they apply to the section from
which we are passing away.
Mr. CORBETT. Section seventy-four of
the present law is the particular section which
provides for these bonded warehouses. This
proposes to repeal that portion of the law, and
if this amendment be adopted then it follows
that the other alterations will have to be
made which we have passed over informally.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator, of course, but that sec -
tion which has just been read, commencing
on page 68, is the substitute tor the tobacco
bonded warehouse system. Therefore, if that
section is to stand as it is and we are to go
from it, it is idle to amend other sections of
the bill ia anything except in respect to time,
unless we are to come back to this again and
do it over.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no choice.
Mr. CONKLING. I have none ; only I
call the Senator's attention to the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course,
if yon adopt lines three hundred and twenty-
nine, three hundred and thirty, and three hun-
dred and thirty-one, that repeals the existing
tobacco warehouses. If Senators want to
present the question, there is the place to
present it.
Mr. CORBETT. Then T propose to strike
out in line three hundred and twenty-nine, on
page 68, after the word ''amended" all down
to line three hundred and thirty-one, including
the word " thereof." and also the word " that,"
and to insert the words '"by adding." Then
it will read :■
That section seventy-three be amended by adding
the iollowing, to wit: "that manufactured tobacco,
snuff, and cigars intended lur immediate exporta-
tion, alter being properly inspected, marked, and
branded, may be removed trom the manufactory
in bond without having affixed thereto internal rev-
enue stamps indicating the payment of the tax
thereon," Arc.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if I understand
the Senator now, the effect of his amendment
will be to leave the law as it is, and to add to
it the provision presented ill this bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. So that everybody will
be at liberty to resort to bonded warehouses
or to proceed without reference to the bonded
warehouses, just as they please.
Mr. CORBETT. Exactly.
Mr. CONKLING. That presents the ques-
tion as I understand it.
Mr. CORBETT. Precisely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. VICKERS. Before the vote is taken
I should like to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee whether, if these bonded warehouses
are abolished, it will reduce the number of
officers and consequently the expenses of the
Government?
Mr. SHERMAN. In response to the ques-
tion, I will say that as a matter of course the
Government appoints the inspectors and the
persons to take charge of these warehouses,
but my impression is that under the law they
are paid for by the warehouse men.
Mr. COLE. It costs the Government noth-
ing.
Mr. SHERMAN. The warehouses were
established for the benefit of the trade, and
the trade themselves want them abolished;
that is, the manufacturers do. The dealers who
have the privilege of carrying on these ware-
houses would like to have them continued.
Mr. COLE. Not the trade, but the manu-
facturers want them abolished, I should like
to have the distinction drawn between them.
The maimfactureis do not want them, but
those who deal in tobacco, who buy and sell
tobacco, desire that they should be continued.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to make an
inquiry of the chairman. There has been so
much conversation in this debate that I do not
understand precisely the character of the amend-
ment and its effect. Does this vote touch the
general question of abolishing the Government
warehouse system for tobacco?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very thing
involved. If the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon prevails, as a matter of course
the system of bonded warehouses will remain.
Mr. CORBETT. But it extends also to the
manufacturer according to this provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is no extension at
all, because they have the right now to store
tobacco in their own manufactories without it.
Mr. CORBETT. The provision in the bill
is intended, as I understand it, to confine it to
manufacturers entirely, and we wish toextend
it to the trade.
Mr. BAYARD. The first point, of con-
sideration for us should be the advantage to the
Government to be derived from continuing
the present system under the law of 1868^ or,
as the House bill proposes and as the commit-
tee of the Senate have agreed, to abolish it
entirely and cause the payment of the tax to
the Government to be made at the time when
the manufacture is complete and when the
removal takes place from the place of man-
ufacture into the various avenues of con-
sumption.
The Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, has stated the univer-
sal feeling of the manufacturers of tobacco on
this subject. He was, however, I think, too
restricted in his statement that the demand
for this legislation came from persons in the
interior of the country, naming certain points
not on the sea-board. I hold in my hand a
circular, which I presume has been sent to
every gentleman of the Senate, from the most
conspicuous dealers in New York, Boston,
Portland, Maine, Worcester and Springfield,
Massachusetts, and Hartford and New Haven,
Connecticut, numbering on this circular one
hundred and twenty-nine names, all favoring
the measure of the House as it now stands
before us, to wit, the abolition of this bonded
system.
It seems to me from all the examination I
have been able to give this case that the
bonded warehouse system, as it is called, is
very much of a monopoly and one that tells
against the Government and against the great
mass of those engaged in the tobacco trade,
especially the manufacturers. These ware-
houses, as I understand, number but seven or
eight in the entire country. They were au-
thorized by the law of July, 1868, for the pur-
pose of facilitating the export of tobacco. It
has been an experiment adopted probably
originally with the approval of the mass of the
trade; but at this time the experiment has
failed to meet the expectations originally en-
tertained in regard to it. It has given simply
an advantage to those traders who control
these houses to retain within their warehouse
the bulk tobacco, not for export, but to be
retained in the country for home consumption,
and during the whole period of this retention
the Government lays out of the tax; and of
course there is the difference of the loss of
interest to those who are compelled to pay
taxes on tobacco in their factories and the
saving of interest to those who deposit the
tobacco in these warehouses. I am informed
by official authority that twenty-six million
pounds of tobacco were entered in these bonded
warehouses during the last year. Of those
twenty-six million pounds but ten million
pounds were exported. What became of the
other sixteen millions? Either they are there
yet, or they have been withdrawn for home
consumption. When the tax is required of
other men as soon as their tobacco leaves their
manufactories, why should there be this favor-
itism in behalf of a few men in these sea-ports
and controlling these seven warehouses in the
whole United States? Why should they be
allowed to save the interest upon the tax on
tobacco when the same interest is lost to those
who are compelled to pay the tax at their own
manufactories?
Furthermore, there were before the Senate
committee, and there are in the Department,
affidavits to an extent which may render them
reliable as a general truth, that these bonded
warehouses of tobacco have been the scenes
of very large evasions and frauds upon the
revenue. I do not care now, nor-could I in
the very limited space allotted me under our
rule, undertake to read these affidavits, but
they are before the Senate. Such as I have
at my desk are at the service of any gentle-
man who doubts the statement. Under the
law, the use of these bonded warehouses was
to be exclusively for bonding; but instead of
that, the practice has been to use these ware-
houses for all the varied purposes connected
with the purchase and sale of tobacco. Sam-
ple rooms, sales room, offices of the parties,
have all found their lodgment in buildings
which by law wets intended exclusively as
warehouses for bonded tobacco. This has
been an abuse of the system. It has been an
abuse which has led to fraud. It has been an
abuse which has led to an inequality between
those who use bonded warehouses and those
who do not. I think, therefore, the proposi-
tion adopted by the House, with the full con-
currence of the Government officials, to abolish
this system, is one which the Senate should
sustain.
Mr. WEST. With the exception of the
concluding part of the Senator's remarks, with
reference to frauds that are practiced in con-
nection with these warehouses, his entire argu-
ment adduced reasons in favor of the continu-
ance of the system. If we have bonded ware-
houses for the use and benefit of importers of
foreign merchandise, allowing them to store
merchandise in those warehouses, and not
advance the money for duties until the goods
are withdrawn, why should we not apply the
same system exactly to our own citizens en-
gaged in exporting domestic products?
Mr. BAYARD. Because in that case the
benefit is to the consumer. The consumer
does not pay the tax until the goods are taken
out.
Mr. WEST. I will show the Senator in a
moment how the consumer does pay the tax.
These bonded warehouses are used in my city ;
they are used in the city of New York ; they
might be used in the city of St. Louis if neces-
sary, as depositories of tobacco, in whieh the
tobacco is allowed to remain until it is required
for consumption, and then pays the duty. The
Senator from Delaware very correctly stated
that in the last year twenty-six million pounds
of tobacco were deposited in these warehouses,
and only ten millions were exported. That is
true; but the other sixteen millions were stored
in these warehouses until it was required to go
into consumption, and then it paid the duty.
Mr. BAYARD. It may be there yet.
Mr. WEST. It may be there yet. Now
let me show you how the consumer is benefited.
The consumer is benefited in this way: a mer-
chant doing business in the city of New
Orleans, say to the extent of $1,000,000 in
tobacco to-day, has the privilege of allowing
that tobacco to lie in the bonded warehouses
without paying the duty upon it until he with-
draws it. for consumption. If this piovision
in regard to bonded warehouses is repealed
he will be compelled to embark a capital of
$'2,000,000 to carry on the same business.
Consequently his charges are all assessed upoa
the consumer, upon the tobacco; so that ac-
tually the abolition of this system, although it
may lead to some of the frauds of which the
Senator speaks—but that is a matter of admin-
istration more than anything else—really en-
tails upon the consumer the loss of the interest
