2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
the erection of a colossal statue of the late
Admiral Farragut.
No objecdon was made; and the amend-
ments were accordingly taken from the
Speaker's table and read, as follows :
In line six, after the word " therefrom,"insert the
words "within thirty days thereaiter:" and at the
end of the joint resolution add the following:
Provided, That if no such model shall be pre-
sented on or before the time designated which the
said eommittcc shall agree upon as a work of art
entirely worthy as a tribute of the nation to the
naval hero %?hose memory it is proposed to commem-
orate. they may reject any and all so presented, and
report the fact to their respective Houses.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. TYNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred ui ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DENVER CKMRTERY.
. Mr. CHAFFEE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 125)
authoiizing the city of Denver to purchase
certain lands in Colorado for a cemetery; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
DEPUTY CLERKS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MEKCUIl, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
with amendments, a bill IH. R, No. 1758) to
authoiize the appointment of deputies of clerks
of circuit and district courts.
Mr. DAWES. Why is it necessary that this
bill should be passed out of its order?
Mr. MEHCIJK. For the purpose more
especially of facilitating the business of a court
in Missouri where the clerk is unable to act.
The bill, which was read, provides that a
deputy or depuiies of any clerk of a circuit
or district court of the United States may be
appointed by such court upon the application
ot the clerk, and be removable at the pleas-
ure of the court; that the compensation of
any such deputy shall be derived from the
emoluments of the office of the clerk ; that
in case of the death of the clerk, his deputy
or deputies shall, unless removed by the
judge, continue iti office and perform the
duties of ihe clerk, in his name, until his suc-
cessor be duly appointed and qualified ; that
for the defaults or misfeasances in office of
any such deputy, whether in the life-time
of the clerk or afer his death, the cleik, and
his estate, and the sureties in his official
bond, shall be liable ; and that his executor or
administrator shall have such remedy for any
such defaults gr misfeasances committed after
his death as the clerk would be entitled to if
the same had occurred in his life-time.
The first amenduieutreported from the com-
mittee was to strike out the words " a circuit
or district" and to insert the word "any,"
before the words •' courtof the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment 'was to strike out
the words "derived from the emoluments of
the office of" and insert the words "paid by,"'
before the words " the clerk."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask that the bill, as
amended, be now read.
The bill was read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of liepre-
b 'iUntiven of the Cniteit States oj America in Congress
axKcmb/eJ, That a deputy or deputies of any clerk
of any court of the United States may be appointed
by such court, upon the application of the clerk,
end be removable iit the pleasure of the court; and
the compensation of a ny such deputy shall be paid
by the ciei k : and in c.ise of the dealti of the clerk,
lu^depui} or deputies shall, uiress removed by the
judge, emituiuo in otliee ;nnl perform the duties of
the cleik, in i is name, until bis successor be duly
appointed and qualified; and for the defaults or
misfeasances in otliee ot any such deputy, whether
in the life-time of the clerk or after hisdeath, the
clerk, and his estate, and the sureties in bis official
bond, shall he liable; and his executor or adminis-
trator shall have such remedy for any such defaults
or misfeasances committed after his death as the
clerk would be entitled to if the same had occurred
in his life-time.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MEROUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"*"* SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will resume the consid-
eration ofthe unfinished business of yesterday,
being House bill No. 2044, to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by
the judges of the several circuit courts of the
United States to supeiintend the shipping
and discharge of seamen engaged in merchant
ships belonging to the United Stales, and for
the further protection of seamen. Upon this
bill the previous question has been ordered,
and the pending question is upon ordering the
bill, as amended, to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. WOOD. I understood the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who has charge
of this bill, to state yesterday that inasmuch
as there were several sections of this bill that
had never been read in the House, he would
withdraw the motion for the previous question
until the House could act upon those sections.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent only, because if the pre-
vious question be withdrawn the bill will have
no place on the Calendar ofthe House.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman misunder-
stood my remark, which was that if the House
would consent, the mere reading of the bill
might proceed before the vote was taken ; but
I did not propose to change its status before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigau [Mr. Conger] asks unanimous con-
sent that the bill may be read through before
it is ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. HALE. For amendment?
The SPEAKER. For amendment only;
for under the previous question there could be
no debate.
Mr. WOOD. I merely wish to say that
unless such a course be pursued, the novel
spectacle will be presented of our voting upon
a bill the whole of which has never been read
to the House. There are sections of this bill
which have never yet been read in the hearing
of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentle-
man will recollect that by unauimons consent
we passed forty pages of the Indian appro-
priation bill without reading.
Mr. CONGER. For the fact that the entire
bill has not been read the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] and myself are to
blame. We occupiedln speaking time which
might have been better occupied in reading
the bill. [Laughter.] 1 admit this for my-
self, and also "tor the gentleman from New
York.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the remaining sections of the bill will be read
through for amendment.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
according.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 51. That whenever any seaman who has been
lawfully engaged, or any apprentice to the sea ser-
vice, commits any of the following offenses, ho shall
be liable to be punished as follows, that is to say :
first, for desertion he shall be liable to imprison-
uientfor any period not exceeding three tnou'hs and
also to forfeit all or any part ot the clothes or effects
he leaves on board, and all or any pait ofthe wages
i r emoluments which he has then earned ; secondly,
for neglecting and refusing, without reasonable cause,
to join his ship, or to proceed to sea in his ship, or
for absence without leave at any time within twenty-
four hours ofthe ship's sailing fiorn any port, either
at the commencement or during the progress of any
voyage, or tor absence at auy time without leave and
without sufficient reason trow his snip, or from his
duty, not amounting to desertion, or not treated as
such by the master, ho shall be liable to imprison-
ment tor any period not exceeding oa© month, and
also, at the discretion of tbecouri, to forfeit out of
his wages a suui not exceeding the amount ot two
days' pay, and in addition, for every twenty-four
hours of absence, either a sain not exceeding six
days' pay, or any expenses which have been prop-
el ly incurred in huing a substitute; thirdly, for
quitting the ship without leave after her ariivalat
her port oi delivery, and betore she is placed m
security, he shall bo liable to forfeit out of nis wages
a sum not exceeding one month's pay ; fourthly, for
wil'ful disobedience to any lawful comuia.ua. he
shall be liable to imptisonment lor any period not
exceeding two months, and also, at the uiscretion
ot the court, to forfeit outoi his wages a sum not
j exceeding four days' pay; fifthly, lor continued
willful disobedience to lawful commands or con-
tinued willful neglect ot duty he shall be^ liable
to imprisonment lor any period not exceeding six
mouths, and also, at the discretion or the court,
to forfeit for every twenty-tour hours' continuance
of such disobedience or neglect either a sum not
exceeding twelve days' pav, or any expenses which
have been properly incuiied in hn ing a substitute;
sixthly, for assaulting any master or mate, he shall
be liable to imprisonment for any period not exceed-
ing six months; seventhly, tor combining with any
other or others ot the crow to disobey lawful com-
mands, or to neglect duty, or to impede navigation
ofthe ship or the progress of the voyage, he shall be
liable to iiuprisonmentfor any period not exceeding
twelve months ; eighthly, tor willfully damaging the
snip, or embezzling or willfully damaging any of f he
stores or cargo, he shall be liable to torteit out of his
wages a sum equal in fiin' unt to the loss thereuy
sustained, and also, at the discretion of the court, to
imprisonment for any pei iod not exceeding twelve
months; ninthly, toany act of smuggling ot which
lie is convicted, and whereby loSr; or damage is occa-
sioned to the master or owner, he shall be liable to
pay such master or owner such a sum as is sufficient
to reimburse the master or owuei for such loss or
damage, aud the whole or auy part of his wages may
be retained in satisfaction or on account of such lia-
bility, and shall also be liable to imprisonment for a
period not exceeding twetve months.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the section just read by striking out,
m the fortieth line, the words '' six months,"
and inserting u two years so that the clause
will read:
For assaulting any master or mate he shall be
liable to imprisonment for any period not exceed-
ing two years.
j Mr. CONGER. There is no objection to
I that.
j The amendment was agreed to.
1 The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 53. That whenever, either at the commence-
ment or duiing toe progress of any voyage, any
seaman or apprentice neglects or refuses to join, or
deseits 11om or refuses to proceed to sea, in any
ship iti which he is duly engaged to serve, or is
found otherwise absenting hunsoit therefrom with-
out leave, the master, or any mate, or the owner,
or consignee, or shipping commissioner, may, in any
place ill the United States, with or without the as-
sistance ol the local police officeis. or constable?,
who are hereby directed to give their assignee if
required, and ulco at any place out ot the United
States, if and so far as the laws in force at such
place will permit, apprehend him without first pro-
curing a warrant, and may thereupon, in any case;
and shall, in case he so requiies, and it is practica-
ble, convey turn betore any court of justice or jus-
tices ot any State, city, town, or county, within the
United States capable of taking cognizance of the
matter, to be dealt with according to the provisions
hereinbefore contained in reference to such cases;
and may, for the purpose of conveying him before
such court of justiee, detain him in custody for a
period not exceeding twenty-four hours, or shorter
time, as may be necessary, or may, if he does not
so require, or if there is no such court at or near the
place, at once convey him on board ; and it such ap-
prehension appears to the court of justice before
which the case is brought to have been made on nii-
properor on insufficient grounds, the master, date,
consignee, orshipping commissioner who makes the
same, or causes the same to be made, shall incur a
penalty not exceeding $1U0 ; but such peuafty, if
inflicted, shall not be a bar to any action for false
imprisonment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the section just, real by striking out
in line seventeen the woids '' rhe matter," and
inserting in !it-u thereof "offenses of a like
degree and kmd;" so ihat the clause will pro-
vide lor taking ihe parties before a justice or
justices ''capable of taking cognizance of
offenses of a like degree and kind, to be dealt
with according to the provisions hereinbefore
contained in reference to such cases."
