414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
additional rule of compensation, which the
Committee think is a proper one.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Ohio will,
I am sure, allow me to say a word, inasmuch
as I have taken some interest in this matter.
At the last session of Congress there was an
appropriation of $200,000 for this purpose,
which was made after a great deal of urging by
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Hill,]
and the gentleman who now addresses you,
divided between Long Island and the New
Jersey coast. I do not know precisely how
the $200,000 has been appropriated, or whether
this bill proposes to add to the appropriation
of that amount, but I am very sure, from the
observation I have had on this subject, by the
reports made to the Treasury, and from the
accounts that have been published in the public
press as to the utility of this service, that a
larger sum might well be appropriated to a
matter which concerns not merely property,
but human life. This bill has been read so
hurriedly that I do not understand precisely its
tenor, and the gentleman perhaps can explain
it a little more definitely before he asks for its
passage. I should like to know, from the read-
ing of the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or from some other quarter, what con-
tracts were made under our appropriation of
last year. It gave us some trouble to get that
appropriation. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the then chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, opposed the
appropriation at the time, although he after-
ward yielded to the doctrine of humauity
which I urged upon him. The Secretary of
the Treasury also opposed it, and yet the
public newspapers give all the credit of this
humanitarian appropriation to the Republican
side of the House. I want to vindicate our
side of the House upon some occasion.
Mr. DAWES. " Him iUce lachrymce."
Mr. COX. The gentleman says, " Hincillce
lachrymce"—"hence these tears " The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is very much mis-
taken if he supposes that he ever saw me
shedding tears here. I have no tears to shed
over the humanity exercised on his side of the
House, audi congratulated thegentleman yes-
terday upon his humane, kind, and Christian
disposition nbout amnesty.
Sir, DAWES. Yes, at the expense of my
bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman says "at the
expense of his bill." Why did not the gen-
tleman, irrespective of any applause or sup-
port from one side or the other, stand by what
is right?
Mr. DAWES. Did I not?
Mr. COX. The gentleman did; but sev-
eral of his colleagues backed down from a
proposition which was right, becausethe Dem-
ocratic party agreed to it; and the other day,
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] came
forward with a proposition which 1 urged here
ten years ago, for free shipping. In fact, the
fentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] and the
onorable Speaker are but converts to the
Democratic theory, and yet they claim all the
credit, and aic carrying olf all the honors for
the Republican party.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend will introduce
a bill to enact that the Democrats shall have
credit for all they deserve we will vote for it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Years ago I voted here in this
House for free trade, for free ships, and my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] said
that was secession doctrine. I told him that
I had learned it in New England from Dr.
Wayland, Now, although it is indisputable
that two and two make four, the gentleman
opposed it because Jefferson Davis happened
to say the same thing; he insisted that it made
five because the secessionists said otherwise.
Now, I want to call the attention of the House
to the shrewd, cunning, nice, partisan man-
agement going on on this side of the House,
where I have the honor now to speak. They
are arranging the country for a presidential
election; they are coming forward as cham-
pions of free trade and general amnesty. Well,
if they will do good to the country we will help
them do it, and in this matter we will vote for
life-saving apparatus. For one, I welcome all
Christian converts from Republicanism within
the pale of Christian civilization. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of .Ohio. I have no
doubt my friends of the Democratic side of
this House need life-saving apparatus at all
their stations. But I do not think the gentle-
man's remarks have any relation to this bill.
The gentleman asks for an explanation of this
bill, and I will give it. At the session of Con-
gress before the last there was appropriated a
sum of $10,000 for the pay ot sixty three
surfmen to man tha boats at alternate life-
saving stations on the New Jersey coast.
Those men were to be paid not to exceed forty
dollars a month. Now, according to that, the
Secretary of the Treasury must pay them just
forty dollars a month until the appropriation
of $10,000 runs out, which will'be in a short
time. The Secretary now says that if we will
allow him to pay fifteen or twenty-five dollars
a month for some of the summer months,
when they are not much needed, and then
to pay them forty dollars a month in some
of the stormy months, when they cannot be
obtained for less, he can run this appropria-
tion through the year; in other words, he
Can do more good if he is allowed to distribute
it at his discretion, rather than to make him
pay forty dollars a month at all times. I
think this is a good bill; it does not appro-
priate any more money, but it more wisely
distributes what is already appropriated. I
now call the previous question.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Is it in
order to move an amendment to this bill at
this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not. pending the
call of the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
E. C. BOUDINOT.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
presented from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary a report in the case of E. C. Boudinot,;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was recommitted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
survey of delaware river.
Mr. WILLARD. I withdraw my objection
to the joint resolution of the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Bigos] relative to the survey
of the Delaware river.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read and objections asked for.
The Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution providing for a survey of the Del-
aware river at New Castle, Delaware, for certain
purposes.
Bext > evolved, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, instructed to cause to be made by
the bureau of engineers a survey of the Delaware
river at or near the town of New Castle, in the State
of Delaware, in order to ascertain the practicability
and cost of improving the harbor at said town.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction and passage of this joint resolu-
tion at the present time?
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Biggs] accept that sugges-
tion ?
Mr. BIGGS. I have no objection to refer-
ence of the joint resolution.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 75) was introduced, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
PENSIONS.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I ask unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, for consideration at the
present time, the bill (H. R. No. 511) fixing the
time from which pensions heretofore granted,
or which maybe hereafter granted, shall com-
mence, and extending the time for the filing
of applications for the same.
The bill, which was read for information,
provides that all pensions which have been
granted or may hereafter be granted for or in
consequence of death occurring or wounds
received or disease contracted in the military
or naval service of the United State3 in the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion,
shall commence and be payable from the date
of the discharge or the death of the person on
whose account the pension has been or shall
hereafter be granted ; provided that the appli-
cation for such pension has been or shall be
filed with the Commissioner of Pensions before
the 1st day of July, 1874, excepting that appli-
cations in behalf of insane persons and chil-
dren under sixteen years of age maybe filed
after the expiration of that time, if previously
thereto they were without guardians or other
proper legal representatives. But this act is
not to apply to pensions granted unde* special
laws, nor to the increase of pensions author-
ized by the first section of the act of June 6,
1866. and by the second section of the act of
July 25, 1866.
The second section repeals all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
relief op chicago sufferers.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported^ back, with amendments, jVom the
Committee of Ways and Means, a bill (H. R.
No. 555) for the relief of sufferers by fire at
Chicago.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
section that on all goods, wares, and merchan-
dise which may be sent from places without
the limits of the United Sates as gratuitous
contributions for the relief of sufferers by the
fire which occurred at Chicago, October 7, 8,
and 0, 1871; shall, when imported at the port
of Chicago, and consigned to the proper
authority for distribution, be admitted free of
duty. The second section provides that there
shall be allowed and paid, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all material actually used in
buildings erected on the ground burned over
by said fires, or in the repair or construction
thereof, a drawback of the import duties paid
on the same, provided the materials shall have
been imported at the port of Chicago during
the term of one year from and after the 10th
day of October, 1871.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read as follows:
In section two, line three,before the word "build-
ings" insert "the repair or construction of;" and in
lines four and five strike out after the word " fires"
the words "orin the repair or construction thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
