3993
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
upon the tax from the hour the tobacco leaves
the manufacturer's depot until it comes into
use. Thatwill be the result. These bonded ware-
houses are not only for export purposes, bat
for the purpose ot allowing a credit to the
dealer, and eventually to the consumer, upon
the tobacco until it is required.
Mr. BLAIR. It seems to me that this
recommendation of the committee ought to
be concurred in by the Senate. It seems
that these tobacco warehouses are disapproved
of by the Department, not wanted by the
manufacturers, and no one has been able to
say who does want them. Probably no one
wants them except the owners of the ware-
houses themselves. I know of nobody else.
Mr. WEST. The commercial community
wants tbem.
Mr. BLAIR. All those who are engaged
in the manufacture of tobacco, or at least the
great body of them, protest against these ware-
houses, and their protests are here. In addi-
tion to those referred to by the Senator from
Delaware when he had the floor, there are
protests from all the manufacturers of the
West, from Cincinnati, St. Louis, and Vir
ginia. Everywhere the manufacturers protest
against these warehouses. It is pretended
that the law establishing them was passed in
their interest. They disclaim it. The Gov-
ernment has no use for them. It does not
require them, it does not want them. Who is
it that wants them? It is the keepers of these
warehouses, and they alone, so far as I have
been able to understand. It is possible that
some very wealthy manufacturers find a great
convenience in storing the tobacco which they
do not intend to export in these warehouses
and withdrawing it when they wish to use it.
These are the only ones that I am aware of
who desire it.
Mr. COKBETT. As the Senator from Mis-
souri says that no one asks for these ware-
houses, I send to the desk a petition whieh I
ask ihe Secreiary to read.
The Ohiet Clerk read as follows :
To the honorable the Senate of the United States, now
umernbted :
"Wc, the undersigned, comprising the principal
tobacco merchants of the city of Philadelphia, in
common with the trade in all parts of the country,
viewing with alarm the action ot the United States
House of Representatives on, the 20th instant, upon
the internal revenue sections of the act, H. R. 2322,
humbly pray your honorable body to pause before
acting upon said bill, and satisly yourselves that
hasty action upon a measure of such paramount
importance is not wise, equitable, nor just.
We pray forthe continuance of the tobacco bonded
warehouse system, and wo ask, too, for its extension
to every point in the country where it may be re-
quiied. It is the surest way of securing the tax; it
IZicilitates a most important trade; it gives dealers
in a domestic manufacture equal facilities with
those accorded to importers, who are non-resident
at ports of entry ; it encourages manufacturers with
small means; it is inexpensive to the Government;
in a word, it is the very best system that can be
devised by which, while securing the revenue to the
Government, the tobneco tradecan prosper and thus
raise the enormous amount of revenao demanded
by the Government.
And, in the hope, that your wisdom, patriotism,
prudence, and justice will prompt you to accede to
our wishes, your petitioners will ever pray, &e.
Mr. CO RBETT. That is signed by a very
large number of merchants of Philadelphia,
dealers in tobacco.
Mr. BLAIR. Inasmuch as the Senator from
Oregon has had a paper read, I have one
whieh I should like to have read also.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ought to have objected
to that, because I have here a whole bundle
of petitions on this subject, which 1 might have
read also. Here are affidavits against the very
men signing that petition, the warehouse keep-
ers in New York city, whieh I do not read,
because I do not want to take up time.
Mr. COKBETT. These are not warehouse
keepers, but merchants.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I have here a list
of mei chants petitioningon this subject longer
than the common law.
Mr. CORBETT. We have others in favor
of this proposition.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I think papers of this
kind ought not to be read. It is not usual to
have them read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A.s no ob-
jection was made, the Chair did not rule it
out, although it was beyond the time allotted
to the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It was nothing but a
memorial.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I have here a me-
morial signed by merchants in New York on
the other side which it would take a long time
to read.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no desire to infringe
the rule which has been made, and would not
have asked to do so if the Senator from Ore-
gon had not done it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to have'objected
to that paper being read. We have here
memorials without number signed by hun-
dreds and thousands of people, printed and
written, on this subject, and 1 hope Senators
will not follow the example that has thus been
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Mis-
souri stated that there was no one who asked
for these warehouses, and I simply asked the
Secretary to read that memorial to show that
there were merchants and others who asked
for them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish for every reason
excepting one to have the vote about to be
taken a test-vote upon this question. I say,
for every reason excepting one, because the
Senate is not disposed as i wish it was, and I
should like to have an expression by a lull
Senate once for all upon the question, which I
do not mean to argue.
1 wish, however, to state, in correction of a
remark which I understood to fall from the
honorable Senator from Ohio, and partly iu
answer to another observation that was made,
what the question itself is as I understand it
to be. The Senator from Ohio, if I under-
stood him, said that the whole trade wanted to
get rid of these bonded warehouses; nobody
wanted them to continue.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said the whole tobacco
manufacturing trade.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
says the whole tobacco manufacturing trade.
Even there I am certainly warranted iu cor
recting him, because I have received so many
letters, I have so large a pile of them, not
under my hand, but in the keeping of one of
the officers of the Senate, on this subject, that
I am well warranted in correcting that state-
ment.
The other thing to which I want to refer is
this: some Senator seemed to suppose that
the proposed provision here on page 08
is just as good as the bonded warehouse
system for small manufacturers who did not
want to carry the tax, if I may say so. While
the warehouses lost, the man who manufac-
tures tobacco worth seven cents a pound, if
you please, upon which now—I refer to smok-
ing tobacco—as I understand it twenty-seven
cents a pound or thereabouts of tax is im-
posed, if what the Senator has done so far
should stand, may deposit his tobacco in a
warehouse and never pay his tax until the
time comes for its ultimate disposition.
It has been said that the substitute for ware-
houses proposed here allows him to keep the
tobacco in his manufactory or to keep it some-
where else also without paying the tax. Un-
doubtedly, as I understand, it does ; but I
think no Senator will vote upon the question
overlooking the fact that under the bonded
warehouse system the manufacturer of tobacco
is able to draw against his tobacco; that is,
he is able, his tobacco being in the bonded
warehouse, to raise money upon it just as he
can by putting up collaterals at a bank ; that
is, because it isuot so subject to his disposition
that the man who advances money upon it is
not willing to take it in the bonded warehouse
as security. Now, you abolish the bonded
warehouse ; you leave him free, to be sure, to
keep his tobacco in his custody for a length
of time before he pays tax upon it; but what
can he do with it? He cannot do that one
thing which I do not stop to amplify, but which
is stated to be, and which we must all know
is, a very important thing to the smaller mod-
erate manufacturer who wants to realize pres-
ently upon his tobacco without being compelled
to pay the tax upon it, and sell it in the end
as he can for export or otherwise. As it is
now, he can have it iu store in the city of New
York in the custody of the Government, the
Government having a special property in it,
so to speak, because the tax is unpaid; he can
hypothecate it, he can raise money upon it;
the storage costs him nothing ; and he can
sell it when the time come? in such market as
he pleases, that being the best place to select.
I think that is not an exaggerated statement
of the benefit the small manufacturers derive
from the bonded warehouses as they stand.
The Senator from Maryland asked, would not
the abolition of the bonded warehouses save
expense? As 1 comprehend the proposition,
it is the tobacco men, the trade who pay for
the inspectors and the expenses of the bonded
warehouse. The Government, has no interest
in that. Therefore, the question before us
results in part in this simple proposition,
whether we shall adopt this section in addi-
tion to the existing law, leaving to every man
the option of availing himself of the draw-
back system or of the bonded warehouse sys-
tem as he pleases; in other words, shall we
fix a place of storage under the police and
supervision of the Government, for which the
tobacco trade pays, by means of which every
man can realize upon his tobacco in advance,
aud at the same time the Government be sure
of the tax.
I know there are two views about this, as
the Senator from Ohio said. I promised on
rising not to argue it, and the rule uuder
whictt we are acting does not permit me to do
it if I were so inclined ; but I think it fair to
state the question which 1 think has not drawn
to it the particular attention of the members
of the Senate, iu the hope that we may pass
upon it fairly; and I repeat the regret that the
Senate is not so full that the result might be
satisfactory to all interests.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for a division.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays and settle the question
at once.
Mr. CORBETT. Very well; I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FENTON. Thequestion, I understand,
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon, which is in effect to restore the bonded
warehouse system or to continue it ?
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. It perpet-
uates it.
Mr. FENTON. Theu those who are in
favor of the action of the House and of the
Senate eommittee will vote '' nay."
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] is paired with the
Senator from Ohio fiUr. Thurman] on this
question. The Senator from South Carolina
would vote "yea" on this amendment, and
the Senator from Ohio would vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—jeas 9, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Cameron, Cole. ConkUng, C\>rbett,
irlanagan, iVelinghuysen, Kelly, Nye. and West—9.
iS AYS—-Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin, 1'enton, Ferry
of Connecticut, i'erry of Michigan, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton <j; Texas,
Hill, Johnston, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Pomeroy. Pratt,
Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sohurz, Bcott, Shcr-
