1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
415
morning iiotjr.
The SPEAKER announced, that the morn-
ing hour commenced at four minutes before
one o'clock, and that reports were in order from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to my colleague on
the committee, from Indiana, [Mr. Packard.]
f. m. cordeiro.
Mr. PACKARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back House bill No.
301, to authorize the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle with F. M. Cordeiro,
with the recommendation that it do pass, with
amendments.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury are
authorized and directed to settle with P. M.
Cordeiro for his services as acting consul of
the United Statesat the port of Riode Janeiro,
from the 1st of Apri! to the 1st of October,
1870, and to allow said P. M. Cordeiro com-
pensation for said period of time at the rate
now allowed by law to a United States consul
at said port.
The amendments of the committee were read
and agreed to, as follows:
In lines five and six strike out the words, "from
the 1st of April to the 1st of October."
Insert these words: "from the time when Henry
E.Mill'ord ceased to be vice consul to the tiraewhen
Charles T. Thwentt assumed the duties of consul
during the year 1870."
Add to the bill, "and the sum so allowed shall be
paid from the appropriation for salaries of consuls."
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the hill as amended to be engrossed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there no report
from the committee?
Mr. PACKARD. I do not desire to occupy
the attention of the House, and will yield the
floor to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mon-
roe.]
Mr. MONTiOE. Mr. Speaker, as I intro-
duced this bill to the House, and as 1 am well
acquainted with the gentleman whose name
appears in it, it maybe proper for me to offer
a word of explanation. Mr. Cordeiro, the gen-
tleman whose name is in this bill, is a Portu
gut-se subject, but has been the responsible
clerk of the United States consulate in Rio
Janeiro ever since 1854 or 1855. He has occu-
pied that place ever since a period some time
before Mr. Buchanan's administration com-
menced, and it gives me pleasure to state from
personal knowledge of this gentleman that
during that whole period he has been a re-
markable example of faithfulness, of industry,
and of ability. I will venture to say that the
United States has very few as valuable servants
in its service abroad as Mr. Cordeiro. He
has been in office sixteen or seventeen years,
and T suppose, during that whole period, not
ten secular days but have found him sitting at
his desk in his ofBce from nine o'clock in the
morning to four o'clock in the afternoon,
engaged in the faithful discharge of his duties,
as responsible clerk in that consulate. He
is almost never absent, and it is impossible to
estimate in money the value of such services
as that man has rendered to the United States
abroad.
it so happens, because the United States has
not pursued the policy of raising tip a regular
service abroad, consular and diplomatic, there
have sprung up in the consular odices and
legations abroad a class of gentlemen of
foreign birth, who have been long retained in
those offices, and whose services are of great
value. Mr. Cordeiro is one of the most re-
markable instances of these men. I do not
think we have a better or more faithful servant.
He has never had anything but the pay of a
common clerk, such pay as a clerk in the city
©f Ilio Janeiro obtains in other positions. But
it so happens that, in 1870, in consequence of
the sudden withdrawal of the American vice
consul because of ill health, the whole work
of the office devolved upon Mr. Cordeiro.
Mr. Blow, who was the excellent minister of
the United States at the court of Brazil at that
time, wishing to compliment Mr. Cordeiro for ,
his long and faithful services, and wishing also ;
to give him the benefit of increased pay, ap-
pointed him vice consul of the United States,
thinking, I have no doubt, that his being an
alien would not invalidate his claim for com-
pensation for such temporary services, until the
new consul should arrive. But when Mr. Cor-
deiro's drafts and accounts reached the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, that faithful offi-
cer, acting, very properly 1 have no doubt,
under the law, declined to pay them; but at
the same time expressed the satisfaction with
which he would pay them if Congress should
pass a bill which would remove the legal diffi-
culties in the case. It was for this reason that
I introduced this bill. Under the ruling of
the Comptroller, Mr, Cordeiro not only lost his
pay as consul for about six months, but he even
lost his poor pay as clerk; for as he is entirely
dependent on the consul for pay, and as the
Government decided there was no consul there,
it was also decided thathe should have no pay.
The result was that he worked very hard for
half a year for the United States Government
without receiving compensation.
Now, all who are acquainted with the facts
are in a position to testify that the only fault
Mr. Cordeiro has committed is that he is not
a citizen of the United States. And I can
state that that is a fault that he has always
been very anxious to repair. It appeared to
be the greatest ambition of his life to become
an American citizen, and nothing prevented
him from becoming so but his faithful devotion
to the service of the country abroad, which
prevented his coming here and residing long
enough to entitle him to be naturalized. It
was his faithfulness to us and our interests
which prevented him from being a citizen. I
used to be pained when I saw the cordial
sympathy he felt for our Government and our
institutions to think that he had no oppor-
tunity to become an American citizen, and 1
believe the very last time 1 saw him lie was
expressing the thought that, although he might
never be able to become an American citizen
while he lived, he hoped he would behave well
enough in this life to go to America when he
died, if he did not get there before. Such was
this man's feeling, and it is the feeling of many
others who are in the service of the Govern-
ment abroad. ] hope there will not be a sin-
gle voice against paying this man for his ser-
vices. It is simply a question, not of a fair
day's wages, but, of a very poor day's wages
for a very large and long day's work; and mv
only regret in regard to this bill is, that it will
not enable us to give him a compensation
more suitable to his long and faithful services
to the country.
Mr. PACKARD. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof, the bill, as amended, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
salary of consul at tien-tsin.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1055)
to regulate the salary of the consul at Tien-
Tsin, China; which was read a first and sec-
ond dm e.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
salary of the United States consul at Tien-
Tsin, China, shall, from and after the passage
of this act, be $3,500, and the laws regulating
the duties of salaried consuls shall govern said
consul.
Mr. BANKS. The bill which has been read
is an amendment in the nature of a substitute
for a bill which was referred to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The substitute alone will
be considered, unless there be objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. BANKS. This bill has been carefully
considered by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and, for the following reasons, this in-
crease of salary is unanimously recommended:
the port of Tien Tsin, in North China, is the
largest of the commercial ports in that part
of the empire, and it is the port of entrance to
the capital. Its commerce is as large as that
of the other four ports of North China—Can-
ton, Foo-Chow, Amoy, and Swatow. It is the
largest importer of American cotton goods; it
ranks as the second of t-hose ports in the value
of its trade; it has a larger number of causes
for judicial investigation, and of equal import-
ance in value, than all the other ports in China,
except the single port of Shanghai; and, inas-
much as the consul is a judicial officer, it is not
proper, since many eases are referred to him
for investigation judicially, that he should
be engaged in the trade. He is now paid by
fees, and the committee report that he shall be
paid a salary of $3,500, I believe it is, which
will place him in schedule B in the list of
consular offices.
I yield now for a moment to the gentleman
from New Yoik, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I concur
with the remarks which the gentleman from
Massachusetts has made-from his general
statement of facts, which Iknow to be correct.
I may add to those facts winch he has already
stated that Tien-Tsin is, m point of fact, the
port of entry for Pekin, the capital of China.
I may also add as confirming his views, that it
is a port to which an American line of steamers
is now running from Shanghai under the Uni-
ted States flag, and that, that is the only line
of steamers or the only line of ships which
carry our flag from Shanghai to Tien-Tsin, or
which is known as the waters of the Yellow
sea. But let me add my regret hero, incident-
ally, inconncetion with this statement of facts,
the statement—which will be interesting I know
to the gentleman from Massachusetts—ihat this
line of steamers, which have hitherto been
built largely in his own State and in the neigh-
boring State of Connecticut, and which have
done so much for American commerce to
American credit tin oughout the whole of North
China, can no longer be built in those States,
or in any part of the United States, in conse-
quence of the enormous tax upon iron, tim-
ber, and cordage, and that the whole of that
great, manufacture of ship-building is lost to
NewEnglandin consequence of high duties, so
that now the building of these ships is trans-
ferred from Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
Maine, to Glasgow, upon the Clyde, where these
ships are now built.
Let. me add also, in connection with this,
another interesting fact, that the Glasgow
ship-builders, the carpenters there especially,
are incompetent or unable to construct that
light class of steamers for river navigation
which does so much credit to the United
States, and that those ships which have hith-
erto been built for the great rivers of China,
and which have contributed so much to the
wealth of America, have now to be built
either in Glasgow or in some other British
port. The carpenters of Glasgow and of Great
Britain, being unwilling to adapt, their con-
struction to the light style of ship-building
which exists in our country, have been unable
to construct the class of ships which the Amer-
icans desire on the great, rivers and waters
of China, and m consequence of that, in order
to obtain a proper class of carpenters, they
have been imported into Great Briiain from
Maine, New York, and Connecticut. Those
carpenters alone are able to construct a class
of ships which are desirable for the great
rivers of China. I mention this interesting
