1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
to influence others, and because of reasons
which have been made apparent in this debate,
showing that this ia simply the revival of a
grant formerly made by Congress, I will say
tbatlnowproposetovote for this bill, although
I have hitherto constantly opposed it.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not propose to make
any such contract as that.
Mr. DUNNELL. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
red oe.J
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, I trust
that in what I shall say on this measure I may
be able to speak without any feeling or passion.
I eertainly have no reason for passion or even
personal feeling. I have no interest in this
measure more than any other member on this
floor. It is a project of vital concern to my
State. The line of the road does not, I believe,
come within one hundred miles of where I
live; perhaps it is not much nearer than that
to any portion of the district which I represent.
I have been opposed in general to land grants
for railroad purposes, and opposed to subsi-
dies in money to railroads, if, indeed, any
one fear has possessed my mind more than
another in the consideration of our national
and public affairs, it has been the great and
rapid growth of corporations, the concentra-
tion and centralization of capital. I do not
believe that the biil now before the House
has any tendency to increase this evil, or this
danger. I do not believe that the gentlemen
who have opposed it think so. Yet I would
do them no injustice. The House will bear wit-
ness to the insincerity, the unfairness, the
want of good faith in the assignment of their
reasons for the opposition which was made to
this bill yesterday. Especially the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who arrogates
to himself the special advocacy of the people's
rights, insisted that he, and those who were
acting with him, must have time for debate
upon the bill, and when fifteen minutes were
otfered to him by the gentleman having charge
of the bill, he indignantly declined to take
them. He demanded a much longer time.
To-day when he gets possession of the floor,
he occupies just sixteen minutes, and then
moves to lay the bill on the table, not only
abridging his own time for debate, but cutting
off all opportunity of every other member to
speak upon the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had not control of the
hill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman's friends
had control of the bill. The gentleman knows
right well that he alone was responsible for the
motion to cut off all debate. The insincerity
therefore of the pretense that they wanted to
debate this bill is shown conclusively in the
conduct of the gentleman from Indiana, and
in the motion which he made to lay the bill
and amendments upon the table. The pre-
tense of unfairness on the part of the majority
of yesterday and of a desire for full discus-
sion is certainly a false pretense. Yesterday
the gentleman needed and demanded an hour
for discussion, to-day he is unable and unwill-
ing to discuss it tor more than sixteen min-
utes. Then it was unfair and oppressive to
close debate, and giving him fifteen minutes,
to day he makes a motion to close debate at
the very first opportunity he gets.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this bill is not a grant
of land. The grant was made in 1856 and
1864, with a condition which in consequence
of hard times could not be complied with.
Adverse circumstances prevented the people
for whose benefit the grant was made from
complying with the condition. By this bill we
are not giving away the people's lands to a
gigantic corporation. The bill, if it shall
become a law will, protect and preserve these
lands from falling into the hands of one of the
largest and most grasping corporations the
world has ever seen. Gentlemen cannot and
do not deny, no one can deny that the North-
ern Pacific railroad will secur® these lands if
this renewal to the State of Wisconsin be not
made. Gentlemen know perfectly well that
the great body of them are now lying reserved,
and that this Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany is waiting to take possession of them the
moment the reservation is withdrawn. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Somas] tells
us that the lands reverted by the force of
the law itself to the United States, and were
within the grasp of this company at the very
moment the time expired which was limited
for the construction of this road. So good a
lawyer as the gentleman should not assert such
a proposition as that. He ignores the fact
that the proper public authorities have re-
served these lands continuously, withdrawn
them from market and entry from the hour of
the grants in 1856 and 1864, up to this time,
reserved them for the purposes and uses of
this St. Croix road.
Having thus been withdrawn from market,and
in that attitude remaining, no person or com-
pany could enter or take them. They are in that
situation to-day. The Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company has not taken them and cannot
take them until this reservation is withdrawn.
The gentleman as a lawyer knows right well
this is so, and needs not to be told it by me.
I trust that this is an incontrovertible position
and will be so considered by this House. If
the State of Wisconsin, by not building or
causing the road to be built within the time
limited by the original grants, has subjected
itself to forfeiture of the lands, the United
States has not yet sought to take advantage of
the default, the misfortune of this State, and
has not withdrawn the reservation; has not
brought the lands again into market, and sub-
jected them to sale or permitted them to be
taken by any person or corporation.
In reply to a question put to me yesterday
by the gentleman from Indiana, as well as to
one by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Van Trump,]
I made answer, as I do now, that although
these lands cannot be available for the use of
the St. Croix road or the State of Wisconsin,
although they have been forfeited to the Uni-
ted States by reason of the failure to construct
the road, yet they have been held in reserva-
tion so that the Northern Pacific railroad could
not take possession; nor can that company
take them till the reservation is withdrawn.
They are, therefore, undoubtedly the lands of
the United States. I admit, I agree that they
are so situated, so conditioned, that the very
moment the public, the proper authorities
withdraw the reservation and open them to-
entry and sale, the Northern Pacific railroad
will lay its hands upon them and absorb and
convert them to its use and benefit.
Now, the gentleman from Indiana claims to
plead for the people. And the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] makes a great noise,
and blusters, and roaiingly tells us that he is
pleading for the people, and that the thunder-
tones of the people demand the defeat of this
measure. Why, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
makes the thunder and thinks it is the people's
thunder. The gentleman makes the noise and
thinks his constituency are calling upon him.
He cries aloud, and because he is loud in his
talk, thinks that the people are making the noise.
Sir, I do not believe there are people enough
in his district to make as much noise as he did.
[Laughter.] It is not their noise, it is his.
But, Mr. Speaker, we who are anxious for
this grant to be renewed are asking it in the
interest of the people, in the interest of all
the people of the State of Wisconsin. There
are settlers upon two hundred thousand acres of
these lands, having purchased them upon the
faith that this railroad would be constructed by
Government aid, by aid of these lands. And
these people have some claim, some rights.
They have gone into the wilderness, they have
made their homes there; there are their fire-
sides, and there are their wives and children,
and there are upon them soldiers of the Army,'
and there are widows of soldiers, and there ars
orphans of soldiers. They, too, are entitled to
some consideration from this House.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania,. [Mr.
Speer,] in eloquent language, I admit, pleads
for the soldier, pleads for the orphans of the
soldiers, pleads for the widow of the soldier;
I too plead for them, and for those who are
settled upon these lands. It has been already
remarked, it is a little remarkable that we find
Pennsylvania in an almost solid phalanx against
this bill. It is a little remarkable, and yet I
am inclined to think we can account for it, in
some measure at least. The Representatives
of Pennsylvania were not opposed to the re-
newal of the grant to the Northern Pacific
railroad. They are still going iu the same
direction, in the same interest; and let me
tell you what may in part account for it, Mr.
Speaker.
The act renewing the grant to the Northern
Pacific railroad provided—I read from the act
itself—
"That in the construction of the said railroad
American iron or steel only shall be used, the same
to be manufactured from American ores exclu-
sively."
And I take it if that clause had been placed by
my colleague [Mr. Rusk] in this bill, we would
have had Pennsylvania equally in solid phalanx
in favor of this bill also. This may or may not
account for the change of views of some of the
Representatives of Pennsylvania. Iron and
steel enter very largely into all their views
and have an amazing influence upon their
opinions.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what do we gain if we
defeat this bill? We gain not one additional
mile of railroad. We gain nothing in that
way, and we do not save to the Government
or the people the lands along the line, an,d
subject to be taken by the Northern Pacific
railroad if this grant is not renewed. If this
grant is renewed, then Wisconsin will have
two hundred and twenty miles more railroad.
Gentlemen say that by passing this bill you
put it out of your power to use these lands for
other than railroad purposes. But you have
done that already. If they do not go to this
railroad they must go to the Northern Pacific,
and you cannot make a better use of these
lands than by passing this bill and causing
this most important railroad to be built and
the farms and lands confirmed to the settlers
upon the terms and with the advantages they
had a right to expect when they made their
homes in the wilderness along the line. This
is their, due ; this is a simple act of justice to
the State of Wisconsin.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge]
answer me one question ?
The SPEAL.ER. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Dunxell,] who controls the floor,
hasyielded to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farxsworth.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would answer thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] with
great pleasure if I had an opportunity.
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth.J
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I can state
in three minutes the reasons which induce m 
to vote for this bill. They are few, and can
be briefly stated. In the first place, I do not
regard this as a bill for a grant of land to a
railroad at all. It is a bill extending the time
for the construction of the railroad.
In the second place, we have sold to actual
settlers, it seems, two hundred thousand acres
of the public lands, the reserved lands, at
twenty shillings per acre, and those purchases,
were made on the faith that this grant to the
railroad would be faithfully carried out .and
the railroad constructed. If the railroad is
not built, I do not see why we should not b 
