1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3999
man. Spraguo. Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Viukois, 'Winrtom, and Wright—3S.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Hamlin, Jlnrlan, Hitchcock, Ilowe, Kellogg, Lewis,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Thurman, Trumbull, and Wil-
son—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GONKLING. I hope there will be no
objection—1 know I anticipate a little by mak-
ing the suggestion now—to striking out the
word ''six," in line four hundred and three
and also in line four hundred and nine, on page
71, and inserting " twelve so that there shall
be a year instead of half a year for those con-
, cerned to conform to this new requirement;
and if the chairman of the committee makes
no objection, I will make the motion now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall make no objec-
tion if other Senators do not. It is a question
for the Senate to decide.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move that amend-
ment, and it may as well betaken as one amend-
ment. On page 71, line four hundred and
three, I move to strike out " six " and insert
"twelve," and the same amendment inline
four hundred and nine, so that the reading will
be :
All tobacco and snuff now stored in any export
bonded warehouse shall, on and alter July 1, 1872,
bo subject to the same tax as is provided by this act,
and shall. Within twelve months after the passage
of this act, be withdrawn from such warehouses.
Mr. FENTON. I hope that amendment, will
not prevail. This subject was very fully con-
sidered by the committee, and ample time was
allowed for the withdrawal from warehouse,
as was believed, after full consultation with the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and other
persons who were known to be familiar with
this question. I hope the amendment will not
be agreed to.
Mr. C0BBETT. I hope that this extension
of time will be given, because a great many
of these dealers have a very large amount of
tobacco on their hands, and they will be un-
able to pay the tax and withdraw it from ware-
bouse at once. 1 hope we may extend suffi-
cient time to them to enable them to withdraw
the tobacco from warehouse and pay their tax.
.Mr. FENTON. Let me remark to my friend
from Oregon that ample provision is made in
the bill for the withdrawal of goods from
bonded warehouse at any time. It may be
within thirty days, or ten days, without any
injury to those who have stored their goods
in bonded warehouses: but the committee
deemed it best to give ample time for the
stock to be exhausted in the ordinary course
of exportation or withdrawal for home con-
sumption.
Mr. COLE. Is six months sufficient time?
Mr. FENTON. Plenty.
Mr. COLE. I think not. I think a year
from the passage of the act is short time
enough to allow these persons to dispose of
their stocks. It wili result in great pecuniary
embarrassment, I have no doubt, in some
cases.
Mr. CONKLING. Only one word. I am
rather surprised that there should be objection
to this, particularly as the chairman of the
committee having the bill in charge does not
object. I suggest, however, to the Senate one
reason in favor. If the time is too short, injury
will be done; if it is a few months too long,
no injury whatever can be doue. There is the
tobacco subject to the tax, and the whole ques-
tion is whether the time when the tax is real-
ized shall be postponed for awhile or not. In
the mean time, the warehouses continuing, the
expense falls upon those interested in the
tobacco and not upon the Government. There-
fore I can hardly see how any serious objection
can obtain to the provision ; whereas, if we
make the timo too short it may work great
hardship upon those concerned.
Mr. BAYARD. Would not the effect of
the extension of this time to twelve months
simply be to bring the measure back again be-
fore Congress at its next session to have the
same struggle over it that we are having now?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from New York that that is the only objection
there is to the proposition. This thing is now
settled and understood. This is merely for
the benefit of the trade, to allow them to get
rid of the tobacco on hand. In New York
they have three million pounds on hand, and
I think it is but fair to give them an extension
of time provided they will not come here again
next winter with this controversy. That is
the only objection to it. I think I shall vote
for twelve months, notwithstanding the report
of the committee was six months, because I
want to be liberal and fair. As we are de-
stroying the business of these people, 1 do not
want to do it in such a way as to injure them,
but I do not want them to bring this matter
of controversy back here again next winter.
Mr. CORBEI'T. The amendment is not
moved with any such idea, I judge. It is
simply to give these persons an opportunity
to withdraw their tobacco from warehouse
and dispose of it. Many of these people have
purchased particular kinds of tobacco, for
which there is no immediate demand, and
which is rather undesirable, perhaps, and by
giving them a little longer time they will be
able to dispose of the tobacco without loss to
themselves. If you compel them to take all
this tobacco out of the warehouses at once
and pay the tax upon it, it is going to seriously
embarrass them, because the tax is very large
and they bought the tobacco wiih the view of
holding it in tobacco-warehouses without pay-
ing the tax until they wished to use it, and in
order to keep a large stock on hand under the
present system. As you propose to change
the system entirely, it seems to me it is noth-
ing more than generous, nothing more than
right, in fact, that you should give them suffi-
cient time to prepare for the change.
Mr. J3LA.IU. This is an amendment to con-
tinue the warehouse system iustead of destroy-
ing it, as the Senate have voted by an over-
whelming majority. This is to continue it
twelve months, to make it apply to the next
tobacco crop. It seems to me that six months
is ample time to be extended for this purpose.
I hope the amendment will be voted down.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the amendment
will not be voted down or voted up under such
an apprehension as the Senator from Missouri
seems to have. Let me read the bill. "All
tobacco and snuff now stored in any export
bonded warehouse." Why does the Senator
from Missouri think it applies to the next crop
of tobacco, as I understood him ? The com-
mittee report in favor of allowing these people
a fair opportunity to withdraw their tobacco.
The only question is how long it will take.
Some Senator suggested that if the amendment
to allow twelve months prevails, it might per-
mit them to come back here at the next ses-
sion. It seems to me that is very odd. Six
months is proposed, and that carries them to
the beginning of the next session. If there is
any force in that argument, it applies to the
one provision just as well as it does to the
other. But I take it there is nobody insane
enough to suppose after this whole question
shall be settled now that the men who are
protesting against a fluctuation and change of
this tax will come back here in six months or
a year to try the question over again. I need
not disclaim any such purpose iu the amend-
ment. There is no such purpose, nor does it
tend in that way. The whole point is to enable
persons who have tobacco in store now to have
an opportunity to make the best disposition
of it that they can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes thirteen.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays. Senators do not vote on a division.
The yeas and nays were orlered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think this
amendment illustrates the whole object of
these warehouses clearly. Here we are asked
to allow them twelve months to withdraw their
tobacco!
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham.
Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Eerry of Connecticut. Flanagan, I're-
linghuysen. Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Nye,
Pratt, Sherman, Viekers, West, and "Wilson—27.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Cooper,
Feuton, Goldtbwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Logan, Norwood,
Pomeroy, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Scburz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, Windom, and Wright—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlowr, Caldwell,
Cameron, Casserly, Davis of Kentucky, 0avis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Kellogg, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, and
Thurman—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section [seventeen] sixteen,
line three hundred and ninety-three, before
the word u dollars " to strike out " ten " and
insert u fifty so that the proviso will read :
Provided, That no claim for an allowance of draw-
back shall be entertained or allowed for a sum less
than fifty dollars, nor except upon evidence sat-
isfactory to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
that the stamps affixed totbe tobacco, snuff, oreigar
alleged to have been exported were totally destroyed
before the shipment thereof, and that the same have
been landed in a foreign country, or were lostat sea,
and have not been relanded within the limits of the
United States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [seven-
teen] sixteen, line four hundred and one, after
the word u shall" to insert the words on and
after July 1,1872, be subject to the same tax
as is provided by this act, and shallso as to
read :
All tobacco and snuff now stored in any export
bonded warehouse shall, on and after July 1,1872,
be subject to the same tax as is provided by this
act, and shall, within twelve months alter the pas-
sage of this act, be withdrawn from such ware-
house upon payment of the tax, or for export under
the regulations of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue now in force concerning withdrawals of
tobacco and snuff from bonded warehouses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [seven-
teen] sixteen, after the word u stamp." in line
four hundred and twenty-one, to insert the
words, *' or who shall buy, receive, or have in
his possession any cigars on which the tax to
which they are liable has not been paid so
that the clause wili read :
That section eighty-nine be amended by inserting
in thelastsentence,after the words "false orfraudu-
lent orcounterfeit stamp," the following words: "or
who shall affix to any box containing cigars a stamp
in the similitude or likeness ofany stamp required to
be used by the laws of the United [States, whether
the same shall be a custom or an internal revenue
stamp:" or who shall buy, receive, or have in his
possession any cigars on which the tax to which they
are liable has not been paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend by
inserting, after line four hundred and twenty-
three, the following as a new paragraph:
That section one hundred be amended by adding*
thereto the following words: "and every collector
of internal revenue from whose district any dis-
tilled spirits, tobacco, snuff, or cigars shall be shipped
in bond under the provisions of this act, shall ren-
dera monthly account of the same to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, showing the amount of
each article produced and shipped m bond, the
amounts of which the exportation is completed ac-
cording to law, and the amount remaining unac-
counted for at the end of each month ; also any
excesses or deficiencies ol the amounts originally
reported as shipped."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
