1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2207
Mr. CONGER. I do not object to that.
Tlni amendment was agreed to.
The Cierk read the following :
Sec. 5-1. That any master of, or any seaman or ap-
prentice belonging to, any merchant ship, who, by
willlui breach ol duty, or wno, by reason of drunk-
enness, does any act tending to the immediate loss,
destruction, wr serious damage to such ship, or tend-
ing immediately to endanger the hie or limb of any
person belonging lo or on board of such ship, or who,
by willful breach of duty, or by neglect ot duty, or
by reason ol drunkenness, relumes or omits to do
any lawful act proper and requisite to be done by
hull for preserving Mich ship lroui immediate loss,
destruction, or serious damage, or for preserving
auypeifon belonging to or on board ol such ship
horn immediate danger to lite or limb, sfiall, lor
eveiy such offence, be deemed guilty ot a misde-
meanor, and snail be liable to iinpiisonment 1'or a
period not exceeding twelve months.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the section
just read by striking out at the end the words
" twelve months." i offer this amendment,
for the purpose of presenting (as it will be my
only opportunity to do so) d, remonstrance
from the underwriters of the city ot New Yoik
which I have received this morning.
Air. CONGliil. i objfcCt to debate.
Mr. WOOD. 1 have moved an amendment,
and I supp 'Se I have a right to speak upon it.
lhe SPEAKER. Tliat is not the under-
standing. The understanding was that the
bill should be lead lor amendment and not for
debate.
Mr. WOOD. Well, sir, I have a right, I
presume, to move an amendment to the Sec-
tion.
i'he SPEAKER. The Chair has enter-
tained tlie amendment.
Mr. LONUliit. I call for the regular order.
Mr. WUOD. 1 hold in my hand a remon-
strance from the insurance companies of New
Yoik agjuist this b.ll.
Mr. CONGIill. J object to debate.
Mr. WOOD. And it the gentleman from
Michigan will not allow me to present this
remonstrance to the House, i can merely stale
the fact that 1 have such a remonstrance, and
ask that it be printed in the Ulobe.
'1 here was no objection.
The lemonstrauce (.without the signatures)
is as follows:
'To the honorable the House of Representatives ill Con-
grew assembled :
The undersigned, ship-owners, ship-masters, and
others interested in shipping, do iuo t iespeetfully
remonstrate against the passage ot a bill now before
your honorable body, styled "An act creating a
board of shipping commissioners tor the merchant
luanne," cousideiing the same to be a direct inter-
ference in tin; pnvate rights ot employer and em-
ploye, and an additional onerous tax upon the
alieady overburdened tonnage of the country,
besides? creating a horde ot needless officeholders
over our vast sua-boaid.
They also represent that by the terms ot tho pro-
pobed bit! ail vo.^eis of the burden of seventy-live
tons and upwatd, and bound to loreign ports, 01 to
ports on the Pacific coast, are required to ship their
crews and pay them off belore tlie fehipmng com-
missioners, which would embrace our West India,
shipping and South American mail steamers, besides
nuuieious saili' g vessels, the captains ot whicu ship
their own ciews oil boaid and pay them olt at the
expiration ot the voyage, while ou board ol the
steamers it is done by the pursers. The bill also
convuts the shipping coinmLSMoneis" uthoe into a
legal tnbunal, conleiriug upon the commissioners
juuieial poweis never bcioic heard ot in the history
ot oui country.
They also i epiesout that the said bill is a counter-
part ot uiepiosent snipping act of Great Britain,
winch, although it may beenlorced us a. monarchical
law loi iJaush vessels, would tail 111 us objects here
as a republican measure lor Amei lean vessels ; that it,
would oe a tortileeourceol emb irrassment and delay
in the dispatching 01 vessels, without affording the
rehet to seamen which it is alleged its piovi&ions
would accomplish, and it would also give rise to
h uunous conduct on the part ot the ciew, which
would lead to all kinds of exx>ensive and vexatious
suits at law.
Tney sil^o represent that the Congress ot these
United States has, since the organization ot the
Government, passed good and wholesome laws lor
the government and regulation ot seamen in the
merchant sei vice, tnanyoi winch would be rendered
nugatory and void by the passage ot the bill referred
to, and by which laws, ll any wrong is done to sea-
man, either at sea or on --here, our local, otate, and
Federal couns ate required to afford them the
amplest relief, consistent with principles ot equity
and justice. The undersigned believe Unit with the
United States laws already in existence, regulating
the merchant marine, a simple enactment, fixing the
fees for shipping to be paid by the owners, and
making it a penal offense for any person to charge a
seaman for shipping, would cover the whole ground
of this obnoxious bill.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw ray amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 58. That every ship making voyages as de-
scribed m section twelve of this act shall have a
book, to be called the "official log-bookand
every master ol such ship shali make, or cause to
be made therein, entries of the following matters;
that is to say, first, every legal conviction ot any
member ol his crew, and the punishment inflicted;
secondly, every offense committed by any member
of his crew for which it is intended to prosecute or
to enforce a forfeiture, together wiih such state-
ment concerning the reading over such entry, and
concerning the reply, if any, made to the ehaige,
as hereinbefore required; thirdly, every offense lor
which punishment is inflicted 011 board, and the
punishment inflicted; fourthly, a statement of the
conduct, character, and qualifications ot each of his
crew, or a statement that he declines to give an
opinion ol sucn particulars; fifthly, every case ot
illness or injury happening to any member of the
crew, with the nature thereof and the medical treat-
ment, (if any;) sixthly, eveiy case ol death happen-
ing on boaid, with ihe cause thereof; seventhly,
every birth happening on board, with the sex of
the lnlant and the names of the parents; eighthly,
every marriage taken place oil board, with the
names and ages of the parties; ninthly, the name
of eveiy seaman or apprentice who ceases to be a
member ol the crew otherwise than by death, with
the place, time, manner, and cause thereof; tenthly,
the wages due to any seaman or apprentice who
dies duung the voyage, and the gross amount of all
deductions to be made therefrom; eleventhly, the
sale of the cfiVets of any seaman or apprentice who
dies during the voyage, including a statement of
each article sold, and the sum received for it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the section just read by striking out
in the second line the words 4ta book to be
called a" and inserting the word "an;" so
that the section wilt provide for "an official
log-book."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 61. That no wages due or accruing to any
seaman or apprentice shall bo subject to attach-
ment or ariestment liom any court; and every pay-
ment of wages to a seaman or apprentice shall be
valid in law, notwithstanding any previous sale or
assignment of such wages, or ot any attachment,
incumbrance, or arrestment thereon ; and no assign-
ment or sale ol such wages, or ot salvage made prior
to the accruing thereof, shall bind the party making
the same.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Michigan whether the section
just read is not in conflict with section nine-
teen, and whether consequently this section
does not need some amendment? The pend-
ing section would, as I understand, prevent a
seaman from commencing an action tor wages,
while section nineteen directly authorizes him
to do so.
Mr. CONGER. Section nineteen refers to
securities or notes or papers which might
afterward be enforced. This relates to the
general protection ol the seaman against suits
unjustly brought against him. 1 think this is
correct.
Mr. WOOD. If you will examine it with
reference to the point 1 raise you will hud that
the section ou«lit to be amended.
Mr. CONGEli. The sections relate to dif-
ferent modes.
Mr. WOOD. It refers to the note if given
for that purpose. Under any legal construc-
tion tlieie would be an appai eut eonllict
between the two sections. 1 merely make
the suggestion, however, and the gentleman
can adopt it or not, as he pleases.
Mr. liOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to add to the section the words "except
such advance securities as are provided for 111
this act." 1 think that will meet the sugges-
tion of the gentleman irom New Yoik.
Mr. WOUD. That would clearly obviate
the difficulty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 62. That no debt exceeding in amount ten
dollars, incurred by any seaman, after he has
engaged to serve, shall be recoverable until the
service agreed for is concluded.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out that sec-
tion.
Mr. CONGER. The object is to protect the
seamen against the payment to anybody of
advance wages.
Mr. HALE. This goes a great deal further.
It allows the sailor to protect himself fiom
any kind of suits, not only suits in relation to
his advance wages, but to any other debts he
may incur outside. I do not think such is the
object of this House or of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 63. That every person who, not being in the
United States service, and not being duly author-
ized by law lor the purpose, goes on board any j-hip
about to arrive at the placed her destination be-
fore her actual arrival at the placeot herdisch.irge,
and bel'oroshe has been completely moored, without
tin* permission of the master, shall, for everv ^uoh
offense, incur a penalty not, exceeding $210, and
shali be liable to imprisonment for any period not
exceeding six months; and rhe master or person in
charge of said ship may take any such person so
going on board as aforesaid into custody, and de-
liver him up foithwith to any constable or police
officer, to be. by him taken belore anyjustice of the
peace, and to bo dealt with according to ttie pro vis-•
ions of ttiis act.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move,
in the fourth and lift!) lines, to strike out the
words "at the place of her di-charge."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. G4. Thatif, within twenfy-fourhours .afterthe
arrival of any ship at any pore mi tho United States,
any person, then being on board such ship, sohciis
any beitiiian to become a lodger at the house ot any
person letting lodgings tor hire, or takes, out ot such
fillip any effects ot any soman, exeent under his
personal dir-ction, and with tho permission of the
master, he shall, tor every such offense incur a
penalty not exceeding: fifty doll.ms, and shall b©
liable to imprisonment for any period notexeeeding
three months.
Mr. HALM I move, in the eighth, line, to
strike out "and" atui insert or."
The amend merit was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 65. That all penalties and forfeitures imposed
by this act, arid tor the recovery whereof no spe ilic
mode is heieinbeforo provided, shall and m;iy bo
recovered with costs, either in any circuit court of
the United Stares, at the suit of any distnet attorney
ol the United States, or at the suit ol any person by
information to any district attorney in any port ol
the United States, where or near to where the
offense shall bo committed, or the offender shaiisbc;
and in catoof a conviction under this act, and the
sum imposed as a penalty by the court shall not be
paid either immediately alter the convic ion, or
within such period as tlie court, bhall at the time of
the conviction appoint, it shall be lawful for the
court to commit the offender to prison, there to be
imprisoned tor the tei m or terms hereinbefore pro-
vided in case of such offence; the commitment to bo
terminable upon payment ot the amount and costs;
and all penalties arid forfeitures mentioned in this
act, for which no special application is herembetoro
provided, shall, when recover* d,_ be paid .iiio np-
phed m manner following, that is to say, so much
ys the court shall determine, but not exceeding
one hall, shall be paid to the informer or poison
upon whose discovery and information tlie stnie
shall be recovered, and the residue shall be paid to
the court, and be remitted Irotn time to tune by
order of the judge .to the Treasurv of the United
States, and appropiiatcd a-* provided foi m section
fifty of tins act: Provided afioaun, That it :-hali be
lawful for the court belore which any proceeding
shall be instituted tor the recoveiyol any pecuniary
penalty impose,d by this act. to mitigate or reduce
such penalty, as to ?uch court shall appoar.iust ana
reasonable; but no such penalty shall be reduced to
less than one thhd of its original amount; and it
shall be lawful, in the discretion of ihesaid court
hearing the complaint, to order ^ueh_ costs ngaintt
the informing or complaining party failing to prove
the charge as ttie said court may deem lit; and sucli
costs shall be recoverable in the s.ime manner as
pen.iluei under this- act. and be paid as such couit
shall direct: Provided also, That all proceedings so
to be ui>ututed shall be commenced w,|thm„t,Y«
years next after the commission of the oiteme. if 1 l e
same shall hove been committed at or beyond tlie
Cape ot Good Hope or Cape Horn, or within ooo
scar if committed ebewherc, or witbm two i.ion i .
after the return of the offender ami the  >m >1. in.
party to the United btates; and thcie .hall bi no
appeal from any decision ol any of the cnt ui. eonw-,
unless the amount sued lor exceeds the sain ot
Mr. HALE. I mov«, in linestwentv. twc-nty-
one, and twenty-two, to strikeout these words:
But not exceeding one half sh-ill bo paid to the
inloruioror person upon wlioscdi.-cuvcry and inhum-
ation the same shall be retovcred.
And in lines thirty one, thirty-two, thirly-
three, and thirty-four, to strike out these words:
And it shall be lawful, in the discretion of the said
