2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
court hearing the complaint, to order such costs
against the informing or complaining party failing
to prove the charge as the said court may deem fit;
and such costs shall be recoverable in the same man-
ner as penalties under this act, and be paid as such
court shall direct.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Instead
of striking out,, I move to insert the word
"other." meaning one of the crew of any ship.
Mr. HALE. I would rather not have that
in. I do not wish to encourage informers.
The seamen will inform in reference to any
grievance without receiving any pay for it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
going to have great opposition from shipping-
masters.
Mr. CONGER. I do not see what object
there can be in weakening the bill.
Mr. HALE. My belief is the bill is better
without that provision.
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. I hope
it will not be stricken out.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will.
The amendments of Mr. Hale were agreed to.
The Clerk read the following section :
Sec. 60. That to avoid doubt in the construction
of this act every person having the command ot any
ship belonging to any citizen of the United States
shall, within the meaning and for the purposes of
this act, be deemed and taken to be the "master"
of such ship; and that every person (apprentices
excepted) who shall beemployed orengaged to serve
in any capacity on board tho same shall be deemed
and taken to be a" seaman" within the meaning and
for the purposes of this act; and that the term "ship"
shall be taken and understood to comprehend every
description of vessel navigating on any sea or chan-
nel, lake or river; and the term "owner" shall be
taken and understood to comprehend all tho several
persons, if more than one, to whom the ship shall
belong.
Sir. WOOD. I stated yesterday that in my
judgment the construction of this section made
many features of the bill apply to lake and river
navigation. L would like the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Coxger] to explain, if he
pleases, what the section means by saying
tlieterm "ship" shall be taken and understood
to comprehend every description of vessel nav-
igation on any sea or channel, lake or river?
Are we to understand that there are any pro-
visions of this bill that reach vessels which
navigate exclusively rivers or lakes?
Mr. CONGER. The intentiou of this is to
provide that when a ship makes part of its
voyage oil a river and pait on the ocean the
provisions of the bill will still apply to that
ship. A sea-going vessel may go into seas that
ate not oceans, and into gaits and ba^s-and
rivers that are navigable. The object of this
is to include all that transportation.
Mr. WOOD. Does it comprehend lake
navigation between the United States and
Canada, which is foreign territory?
Mr. CONGER. Not at all
Mr. WOOD. Or does it include the navi-
gation of the lakes, connecting onr northern
cities ?
Mr. CONGER. I do not suppose it would.
The bill relates to sea-going vessels, but to
such sea going vessels as may, in the course
of their voyage, enter navigable rivers, bays,
&c., outside of the ocean proper.
Mr. WOOD. I suggest that if there be
any doubt, it is not well for us to pass a law
in regard to which the courts would have any
dilliculty of construction.
Mr. CONGER. I will move an amendment
to meet the gentleman's point. I move to
insert after the word'1 river"' " so far as the
provisions of this law may be applicable."
Mr. WOOD. I suppose that will cover the
tilG c<iSC.
Mr. POTTER. The amendment should
read "to which the provisions of this law
may be applicable."
Mr. CONGER. I will so modify the amend-
ment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Coxger] whether the
description given in this section of those who
shall be deemed to be "seamen" includes
those employes on a vessel who come under
the class of waiters, engineers, &c, ?
Mr. CONGER. These persons belong to
the "staff," I believe, in the line.
Mr. POTTER. But these are merchant
ships.
Mr. CONGER. Well, I suppose they are
staff officers on a merchant ship. It is meant
to include all who are employed on a merchant
ship, as they are included now.-
Mr. POTTER. The language of the sec-
tion is;
Every person (apprentices excepted) who shall
be employed or engaged to serve in any capacity on
board the same shall be deemed and taken to be
a "seaman."
Now, the term "seaman" applies to one
class of employes, and not another.
Mr. CONGER. The section provides that
every such person shall be deemed a seaman
" within the meaning and for the purposes of
this act." I think that is sufficient to meet
the gentleman's objection.
Mr. POTTER. The word "seaman" is
thus made to include stewards, mail-carriers,
waiters, engineers, &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
section sixty-six:
And all fees, penalties, and other revenues arising
under the provisions of this act shall be paid into
the Treasury; and all disbursements of money for
carrying into effect the provisions of this act shall
be made only upon specific appropriations, for which
the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit annual
estimates.
I would just say to the gentleman from
Michigan that the same proviso was put in the
bill reported from his committee which passed
the other day. It saves our having outside
treasuries, where moneys are received and
paid without any responsibility at the Treasury.
I do not think it will injure the bill in any way.
Mr. CONGER. It will change the whole
character of this bill, and make it a bill by
which the expenses are borne by the United
States, instead of the system being self-sup-
porting.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not a bit of it.
Mr. CONGER. The fees will probably have
to be changed from time to time as may be
necessary to make this self-sustaining. It is
not intended to be a source of revenue to the
Government at all at the expense either of the
sailors or the ship-owners.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. CONGER. Allow me to say that the
bill already provides that all penalties shall
be paid into the Treasury. It provides also
that other moneys shall be paid into a fund
to be distributed for the relief of seamen.
Why should the money go into the Treasury
to be appropriated on an estimate? The
amendment changes the entire nature of the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, in order
to save time, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following, to come
in as an additional section after section sixty-
six :
That in no case shall the salary, fees, and emolu-
ments of any officer appointed under this act be
more than §5,000 per annum.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it " And any additional
fees shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. HALE. I accept that.
Mr. WOOD. Thisamendmentwould obviate
one of my chief objections to the bill.
The question was put; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
schedule.
Table A.—Section five.
Scale of fees for matters transacted at shipping
commissioners' offices:
First. Fee payable on engaging crew, for each
member of the erew, (except apprentices,) two dol-
lars.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the first
clause of that schedule so as to make the fee
one dollar instead of two dollars, as the fee
for engaging each seaman.
Mr. CONGER. The fees in New York
now for shipping a man are four dollars.
Mr. HALE. Not legal fees.
Mr. CONGER. The usual fees charged are
four dollars for shipping each man.
Mr. WOOD. By some, not by all.
Mr. CONGER. They are so reported to
me by the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, which fixed these fees. In San Fran-
cisco the fees for shipping a man amount to
five dollars. Now we have, as a preliminary
fee, put it down to two dollars, and it will be
subject to revision from time to time, because
we do not desire to burden either the ship-
owners or seamen any more than is necessary
to carry out the law. Let us start with this
half price, which will be a great relief to ship-
owners and shippers.
The question wasputon Mr. Wood's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Secondly. Fee payable on discharging crew, for
each member of crew discharged, fifty cents.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike that out. No
charge is made now in New York or in any
other shipping port for discharging a man.
Mr. CONGER. This bill provides that the
shipping commissioner shall give his attention
to the settlement of the accounts and the dis-
charge, and imposes large work upon him.
Mr. WOOD. And he gets $5,000 a year
for it.
Mr. CONGER. But the balance goes into
the Treasury of the United States, to be appro-
priated for the relief of seamen.
Mr. WOOD. Let us relieve seamen by
abating this tax.
Mr. CONGER. Papers and certificates are
required, and there should be a fee allowed in
this case. It is for the benefit of all concerned
that there should be a small fee.
The question was put upon Mr. Wood's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Substitutes. '
One ounce of coffee, or cocoa, or chocolate, may be
substituted for one quarter ounce of tea; molasses
for sugar, the quantity to be one half more; one
pound ot potatoes or yams ; one halt pound flour or
rice; one third pint of pease or one quarter pint of
barley may be substituted for each other. When
fresh meat is issued, the proportion to be two pounds
per man per day, in lieu of salt meat. Flour, rice,
and pease, beei and pork, may be substituted for
each other.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by adding "for potatoes onions may
be substituted."
The amendment was agreed to.
< The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being ;
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third i
time, and passed. -— $
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the title
by striking out the words "judges of the so
that it will read:
A bill to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners by the several circuit courts ot the
United States, to superintend the shipping and dis-
charge of seamen engaged in merchantships belong-
ing to the United States, and tor the further protec-
tion of seamen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
professor samuel t. b. morse.
_Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub«
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
liesolved, That the House of Representatives will
