3104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
hundred" and inserting "four hundred and
fifty," before the word "thousand;" and
by inserting after the word a dollars
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to
increase the mail service with Brazil, now in oper-
ation under the act approved May 28,1864. so as to
provide for deliveries of the mails at New York and
Rio do Janeiro twice each month, and in the
contract therefor he shall require said semi-
monthly service to be performed for the term of
years provided by the original contract, and by
steamships wholly constructed in the United States,
two of which shall be of not less than twenty-five
hundred tons burden, and the others of not less
than two thousand tons burden, allt of which
shall be officered by citizens of the United States
or those who have declared their intention
to become citizens; and the contractors shall
be required to cariy the United States mails,
without extra charge, on all the steamers they may
run on said line, or any part of it, or any branch or
extension thereof: Provided, That all steamships
hereafter accepted for said service shall be con-
structed so as to be readily adapted to the armed
naval service of the United States in time of war;
and before acceptance the officers by whom they
may be inspected shall report to the Secretary of
the Navy and the Postmaster General whether this
condition has been complied with ; and the Govern-
ment shall have the right, in case of war, to take
any of said vessels for its own use upon payment of
a reasonable compensation therefore: Provided,
that the contract herein authorized shall commence
on the first day of October, 1873, and shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bidder after sixty
days' public notice. And the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized and required, pending the
commencement ot the contract for permanent ser-
vice. to arrange temporarily with the present con-
tractors for the additional monthly service at the
rate of $3u0,0G0 per annum therefor: Provided fur-
ther, That the entire cobt to the United States of
said service performed twice each month shall not
exceed $450,000 per annum.
Mr. MORTON, I desire to ask the Senator
from Minnesota a question. What was the
term of years fixed in the original contract?
Mr. "WINDOM. Ten years.
Mr. MOR L'ON. Then this is to authorize a
new contract for ten years, to commence from
the 1st of October, 1873, at ยง450,000.'
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. This proposition, as I
understand it, raises the present compensation
fiora $150,000 to $450,000 per annum for ten
years, i should not seiiouoly object to dou-
bling the amount of compensation lor double
service; butl am not willing to vote $450,000
instead of $150,000. 1 hope this amendment
will not be adopted, and 1 ask for the ye a,
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
informs the Chair that, as proposed, this
amendment will have to be divided, the first
question being on raising the amount from
$400,000 to $450,000, and it that should be
agreed to, theu on adding the subsequent pro-
vision. The Chair does not know exactly
how it got into that condition; but it appears
so Irom the Secretary's sta'ement. The first
question is on changing $400,000 to $450,000.
Is there objection to this amendment?
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us have the yeas
and nays on that.
Mr. WINDOM. In answer to the Senator
from Michigan, I may be permitted to say
again, although this Government does pay
treble the amount of the existing contract, the
company do not get treble pay. They do not
in fact get double pay for double service. They
get double pay during the existence of the
present contract; but when that expires and
the Brazilian Government ceases to pay any
subsidy, they will only get an increase of fifty
per cent, for double service. It is not treble
pay for double service that they will receive by
any means.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is treble the amount
from the Treasuiy ol the United States, raising
the compensation from $150,000 to $450,000.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor from Minnesota when this piesent contract
expires?
Mr. WINDOM. In about three years. I
cannotgive the exact time. Perhaps the Sen-
ator from Lou:siana, who has the statute before
him, can state the exact time.
Mr. WEST. The act was passed May 28,
1864.
Mr. CORBETT. How long was it to run ?
Mr. WEST. Ten years.
Mr. SHERMAN. The contract took effect
on the l.-t of September, 1865, and it expires,
therefore, on the 1st of September, 1875.
Mr. CORBETT. As I understand this ques-
tion, the present contract is $150,000.
Mr. WINDOM. From this Government-
Mr. CORBETT. For the present service ;
and then the amount of the contract will be
$300,000 from that time forward. Do I un-
derstand it correctly ?
Mr. WINDOM. The present contract from
this Government until September, 1875, is
$150,000, and $150,000 by agreement from
the Brazilian Government, giving to them
$300,000 during that time.
Mr. CORBETT. And I understand that
after the expiration of this present contract, for
the following eight years it will be $300,000
from our own Government ?
Mr. WINDOM. Four hundred and fifty
thousand dollars by this amendment, because
the Brazilian Government does not pay alter
the existing contract ; but it will be $450,000
for a semi-monthly service instead of what they
are now receiving, $300,000 for a monthly
service.
Mr. CORBETT. In addition to the present
subsidy for the two years, I understand that
this is for $450,000 a year from this present
day, and continues for ten years from this date.
Mr. WINDOM. From the date fixed in the
amendment, October, 1873.
Mr. CORBETT. Does that embrace the
present subsidy of $150,000?
Mr. WINDOM. The $450,000 does.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I understand it, we
are voting ยง4,500,000, if we adopt this amend-
ment, to this line.
Mr. RAMSEY. For ten years of service.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CORBET!'. Mr. President, I desire
to support all proper measures for the encour-
agement of trade and commerce between our
country and other nations. I have expressed
myself fully upon that question heretofore. I
am ready, so far as I am concerned, not only
to vote a proper subsidy to this line, but also
a proper subsidy to any line that may be
established between this country and Europe.
I believe that it is our duty to do so. It is
impossible for us to establish American lines
of steamships to compete with foreign vessels
in such trade without giving subsidies. I am
also in favor, as we have reported from the
Committee on Commerce, of giving such draw-
backs upon the materials entering into the
building of ships as shall facilitate and
strengthen our own ship-building interest, and
also of allowing these ships to use free of duty
such articles as are imported and are used on
shipboard.
The only question in my mind is as to the
proper amount of this subsidy. I would will-
ingly extend to this line double the amount of
the present subsidy ; that is, $300,000. I am
told that the contract between the Brazilian
Government and this company will expire
within ashorttime, and that that Government
declines to give any further subsidy. Of course
it is not so much for the interest of that Gov-
ernment, perhaps, as it is for the United
States to maintain this line. We desire in
consequence of our proximity to that country
to establish trade and commerce there, and to
establish a market there for our products. I
believe that this line should be maintained,
and I hope that we shall give au adequate sub-
sidy to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 am willing to vote a lib-
eral subsidy. I hope the amount now pro-
posed, however, may be reduced.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am opposed to this
whole scheme of subsidies. Here it is pro-
posed to subsidize a steamship line ostensibly
for the purpose of carrying the mail. I have
listened to the debate which has proceeded
upon these questions, and I have heard no
statement or suggestion which satisfies me that
there is any necessity for the increase of mail
service that is proposed in this amendment.
The Senator from Indiana on Saturday, if I
understood him aright, said that our "mails
went out weekly to Brazil, not by this line,
but by other lines.
Mr. MORTON. I understand by rival lines.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If that is the case,
there certainly can be no necessity for multi-
plying the trips of this line to Brazil; and I
say again, so far as I have listened to this
debate 1 have heard no statement, no sugges-
tion which satisfies me that the postal service
requires this expenditure of money. In fact,
the friends of this measure have not placed it
upon that ground, but tbey have seen proper
to place it upon two other grounds: first, as a
means of increasing the coinnterce of this
country ; and secondly, of building up the
ship-building interest of the country.
Now, sir, in reference to the first point, I
am not satisfied that this country has not now
as much trade with Brazil as the demands of
the country requiie. The Senator from Con-
necticut very properly drew the distinction
between commerce and the means of carrying
on commerce. So far as our trade with Bra-
zil is concerned, I am not sure but that we
have now as much trade with that country as
the interests of this country require, for it has
been stated in the debate that we send about
four millions in gold to that country over and
above the exports that she takes from us. if
there was any necessity for increasing the
business with that country, I am sure the en-
terprise and energy of our businessmen would
find the means of bringing from Brazil all the
coffee and other products which the demands of
this country require. Therefore, as a means
of expanding our commerce, 1 think this
measure would fail to have that effect.
Nor do I believe that it will tend actually to
build up the carrying interest, the ship-build-
ing interest of this couutry. If the object is"J
to improve the means of communication and
of carrying on'trade with Brazil and those
other countries, I do not think this measure
will have that effect. The only effect that I think
it, will have will be to take money out of the
Treasury of the United States and put it into
the pockets of the capitalists now engaged in
these steamship lines. The public Treasury
is not in such a condition that we ought to be
lavish in our expenditures of the public
money. If you want to build up the ship-
building interest, there are other means of
doing it than by subsidizing particular lines
of steamships. If you confer your favors upon
particular hnes ot' steamships, then you de-
stroy competition, as was suggested very forci-
bly by the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fre-
LixGHinrsEx] on Saturday. If you give a mo-
nopoly or give bounties to a certain class of
steamships, of course others cannot compete
with them successfully, and instead of build-
ing up your commerce, these very appropria-
tions of money will tend to discourage those
who cannot receive like favors from the Gov-
ernment.
If the desire is to build up the carrying
trade, the ship-building interest of the coun-
try, I think the more successful way of doing
it would be to lessen the taiiffs of the country.
If you will do that, then the business energy
of the country will have all the commerce ot
all the countries of the world that we need,
and your ship-building interest will spring up
into renewed activity. You can better and
more effectually serve the ship-building inter-
est by removing the protective tariff upon the
materials that enter into ship-building than
in any other way whatever. I do not believe
that by simply paying a few lines to carry on
trade with other countries you are going to
