416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
fact in connection with what the gentleman
said.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
gentleman if that is what is meant by the state-
ment that a high tariff' improves the condition
of American laboring men?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The ques-
tion so well answers itself, that it is not neces-
sary for me to answer it.
Mr. BANKS. It is to be regretted that
American commerce has suffered so much in
the last ten or twelve years. There are many
causes which have contributed to its decline
and general prostration, other than those to
which the gentleman from New York has
alluded. No one regrets this more than I do,
and no one will be more heartily in accord with
any general movement that will lead to the res-
toration of American commerce as it existed
previous to 18C0, when it was in such rapid
ratio of increase, that had it continued until
1876, the American flag would have covered
the majority of the commerce of the whole
world. This, however, is not the time to con-
sider that question, but I hope it will be con-
sidered by this House at this session. 1 do
believe that measures may be, and I hope will
be, adopted which will reestablish it, in all its
prosperity and power. I am very glad that
the gentleman from New York has called the
attention of the House to the effect of the pres-
ent order of things upon American interests in
North China, and I hope that he will be ready
to unite with us in support of such measures
as may be necessary to reestablish it.
One of those measures certainly will be the
creation of this consular port and the estab-
lishment of proper compensation for the con-
sular duties at Tien-Tsin, which is the prin-
cipal port of North China. As the House may
not have attended to the reasons which I gave
some minutes since, I will briefly state what
induced the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
report this bill in an amended form: first,
Tien-Tsin is the most important port in North
China; if it, is not the real capital of that em-
pire. it is the entrance to that capital. Its
commerce and navigation areas great as the
other four cities of North China which I have
named. It is the largest importing port oi
American cotton goods m China. It has a
larger number of cases for judicial investiga-
tion and decision, both in number and in value,
than all the other ports, except that of Shang-
hai But inasmuch as the consul is now paid
by fees alone, and is engaged in business, the
committee have deemed it essential to the
interests of the Govpnmient that, he should be
brought into that schedule of officers and under
those regulations which will give him a suffi-
cient salary to pay for the discharge of his
duties, and to prohibit him from entering into
commercial transactions
Mr. SHiiLLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. SHELLABAllGER. I arose for the
purpose of making an inquiry of the chairman
of the C'oimnitiee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
Banks.] I des're to inquire of him whether
the Committee on Foreign Affairs have under
consideration the matter of revising the sched-
ule of pay allowed under present laws to our
consuls general? Before the gentleman an-
swers my question, I wish to make a statement
in regard_ to my own convictions touching our
own foreign policy, as to the pay of our foreign
officers. Now, I am convinced that the Com-
mittee on foreign _ Affairs, if they have not
already done so_, will come to the conclusion,
upon a thorough investigation of the matter, that N
there is no part of the public service, so far as j!
it relates to the matter of pay, that so demands j!
our attention now as our consular service. This |,'
is not a time, I trust, when we shall embark in "
the increase of salaries. But it is a fact that
do gentleman who has investigated the subject
will fail to admit, that the pay that is allowed
to at least a considerable proportion of the
consuls of the United States is simply and
utterly disgraceful.
Permit me to say right here, that the kind
of intelligence and ability that is required for
the discharge of consular duties abroad, at, any
port where there are duties to be performed at
all, and that are not mere sinecures, are of the
very highest grade, both as to the legal attain-
ments required and the business qualifications
necessary. They are brought in contact with
duties of the most responsible, of the most deli-
cate. and of the most perplexing character,
often involving interests of enormous magni-
tude, where, if the offices are not filled with
competent skilled men, they had better not be
filled at all. That is the kind of consular force
that every other great nation has, and which
we must have if our consular service is to aid
the interests of commerce and the other great
interests that it takes care of. That is the
starting fact in the case. These offices are
made for the purpose of aiding and defending
in their vital relations the great commercial
affairs of our country, as well as those other
affairs of our citizens abroad that they come in
contact with.
Now, no gentleman will fail to perceive that
consuls at ports having duties to perform
ought to be high-up men. I tell you that I have
seen, as has every other gentleman who has
gone abroad, our consuls living in third and
fourth rate garrets, almost literally starving
for want of pay, receiving the pitiful sum of
$1,500. while wife and child and consul eke out
a miserable and disgraced existence, the scoff
of nations with not one tithe of the ability and
dignity of yours, sir. It is time this thing was
Slopped ; it is penny wise and pound tooiish.
1 hope the Committee on Foreign Affairs will
revise this whole matter of the pay of our for-
eign consuls, not, of course, to give them
unreasonable compensation, but to give them
such compensation as men are willing to take
who have the capacity that we must liave for
our foreign consulates, or else we had better
abolish them.
But, ilr. Speaker, I rose to ask a question,
and had almost forgotten it. I wish to know
whether the Committee on Foreijn Affairs
have considered this subject, and if so, why
they bring in a bill providing for a single officer ;
whether we are not to have a general revision
of consular salaries.
Mr. BANKS I can answer the gentleman's
question without difficulty. During the last Con-
gress the Committee on Foreign Affairs consid-
ered a generai bill with great care, contain-
ing provisions with reference to alt the consul-
ates^ the Government of the United States;
but it failed for want of time to be considered
by the Liouse of Representatives. A bill of
| that character was passed by the Senate, but
: we had no opportunity to report upon it, and
the House had no opportunity to act upon it.
Undoubtedly the same subject will be before
the committee at this session, and we shall be
enabled lo present a bill embracing a generai
revision of consular salaries, which. I trust, will
be satisfactory to the House. But this ease
was regarded as of so much importance upon
the reasons which have been stated that it was
not deemed necessary to delay it two, three,
four, or five months until a general report can
be presented, which report, as to this case,
would embrace precisely the same recom-
mendation we now make.
I yield for a few moments to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Keij.ey.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I most cor-
dially indorse all that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] has just said. I think
the consu lar system of this country is a disgrace
to it, and that it is so by reason largely of the
unwise economy attempted in fixing the rates I
of compensation. I have known consuls sent j
abroad who, finding the position in which they I
had been placed, have been obliged to appeal j
to their friends at home, as a matter of charity j
or friendship, for the means to bring them and I
their families back again, the income of the
office having proved utterly inadequate to their
maintenance.
But it was not on this point I rose to speak.
: The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
I' if I understood him rightly, seized this bill as
jj an occasion to speak upon the tariff and to say
j! that by reason of its provisions American ship-
;! builders were carried to the Clyde to build ves-
,i sek for the Chinese waters. 1 think, sir, he is
j mistaken in that; for the building of wooden
ships has sustained a greater decline in Eng-
land and the British provinces than in this
country. Five thousand skilled builders of
such ships were on the poor rales at one time
three or four years ago in London ; and those
of them who vvouid not descend to go upon the
"rates'' andeat a pauper's farewere employed
in breaking stone upon Government works,
chiefly on the macadamized roads of the me-
tropolis. One year thereafter the wooden ship-
builders at Quebec indulged in bread riots by
reason of their want of employment and the
means of support. The change from wooden
vessels to iron, from sails to steam, has re-
duced to pauperism more Britons than any
other recent change. Under these circum-
stances, it cannot be that the ship-builders of
the Clyde are importing American carpenters
to i!o their work. American workmen could
not live on the wages paid in the Ciydeyards.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 hope the
gentleman will not, misrepresent me.
Mr. KELLEY. One word more,
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I must inter-
fere with this debate 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to
correct 
Mr. BANKS. I must interfere to arrest this
debate unless the House will allow me at
this moment to present a request for general
consent to the reporting of a bill which I am
instructed to report. 1 would with pleasure
ailow this debate to go on, but I fear it will
deprive me of the opportunity of making the
request which I wish to make.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs have
instructed me to ask consent of the House
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs may
have leave to report at any time within three
weeks a bill to carry into effect the provisions
of the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, signed in the city of Washing-
ton, on the 8th day of May, 1871, relating to
the fisheries. There are some parties who
want to be heard ; and we are desirous to give
them a hearing. Hence we ask consent to
make this report, with a view of relet ring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole, when it
shall be reported, or asking the House to
assign a day for its consideration.
I he SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent that the
Committee on Foreign Affairs be permitted to
report at any time within three weeks a bill to
carry into effect the treaty of Washington, the
hill to be reported either for the purpose of
referring it to the Committee of the Whole for
consideration, or to bo made by general con-
sent a special order in the House. Is there
any objection? The Chair hears none. The
gentleman will observe when the bill is reported
it will require general consent to make it a
Special order. It only requires a majority vote
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. BANKS. We do not wish to lose our
opportunity to report. 1 now yield for a
moment to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Mr.^ BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
explain that when I made the remark that
carpenters had gone from the United States
to do carpenter work for the ship-builders of
the Clyde I did not mean ship-carpenters or
iron-workers. In order to understand what 1
did mean, I will state briefly that the hulls of
vessels are constructed in Glasgow, and all
the iron work is done there; but it is the habit
