1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4001
Mr. CONKLING. That weighs with me;
but I understand the fact to be that by his bill
the Senator provides that in sums of ten dol-
lars the manufacturer shall have pay for his
stamps on hand unused.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the 1st of October.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes. Now, my sugges-
tion to my friend is that this will all come under
the head of what the manufacturers have, be-
cause all the men who hold stocks will say
they still belong to the manufacturers, and
they will get repaid for the stamps.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is drawing
in a matter that has nothing to do with this.
You propose to sacrifice $625,000, which is
one quarter of the yearly yield of this tax, in
favor of these manufacturers, when you do not
do it in regard to the bank-check stamp tax
or anything else. We postpone the repeal of
those taxes until the 1st of October because
the stamps are out among the people, and you
should not pass an act repealing the stamp
taxes without either redeeming the stamps or
giving the people an opportunity to use them.
This is merely for the convenience of match
manufacturers. It is true that from the 1st
of July to the 1st of October «they will be a
little more careful in making a quantity of
matches; that is, they will make them, but
they will not attach stamps; they will hold on
to the lots until the 1st of October, and in
the mean time only sell enough for immediate
consumption. That will be so in regard to
all matters that are stamped. They only suf-
fer the inconvenience that patent-medicine
men and all other persons engaged in buying
and selling stamped articles will suffer. But
if you repeal the stamy tax to take effect 011
the 1st of July, while it will be very conven-
ient for match manufacturers, every small
dealer will lose what he has on hand. This
provision does not provide for the dealers;
and it would be a gross evasion of the law lor
a dealer to do what the Senator from Dela-
ware proposes that he shall do, bring in the
unused stamps as those of the manufacturer,
because the section provides—
That the Secretary of the Treasury may, under
such regulations as he may prescribe, pay to manu-
facturers of matches the sum of not less than ten
dollars in any case for stamps unused and affixed to
matches unsold at the time when this section shall
take effect.
Therefore this is an act solely for the benefit
of the manufacturer of matches, and the only
provision we have made for the dealer is to
give him four months' time within which to
work off his supply. As a matter of course
to take a snap judgment on the dealers would
be to do great injustice to probably two hun-
dred thousand people.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
from Ohio says I bring in a matter that has
nothing to do with it. If that is true I want
to know it, because I should have voted under
a misapprehension and shall now unless he
corrects me further. Let me see what the sec-
tion provides:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury may,
under such regulations as he may prescribe, pay—
To whom? To all users o^ stamps ? Not
at all; but—
to manufacturers of matches the sum of not less
than ten dollars in any case for stamps and stamped
paper unused or affixed to matches unsold at the
time when this section shall take effect.
I submit to the Senator that I do not bring
in a thing which has nothing to do with it, but
I refer to a thing which has everything to do
with it. Why? Does he suppose that all the
men who have matches for sale upon commis-
sion, upon terms of all sorts, makiugit wholly
optional with them to treat them as sold or
unsold between them and the manufacturers,
are going to lose their stamps? Not at all. I
will agree with the Senator that everybody
ought to observe in the strictest sense the law,
and every man should examine himself and
bis books, and say "Now if technically these
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 251.
matches have been sold, by law I will not
claim anything from the Government on the
stamps;" but practically this is the fact: that
the retail dealers who hold matches, confessedly
sold as between them and the manufacturers,
hold so few that the subject is not worth dis-
cussing. All the large holders have their
matches upon such terms, as I think my friend
can satisfy himself upon higher authority than
I am, an authority which he will not have to go
very far to look for. They hold their matches
upon such terms that in spite of anything in the
bill or in the regulations, they will treat them
as unsold matches, and the manufacturer will
receive, in sums of ten dollars each, recompense
for the stamp paperand the stamps unused and
affixed to these matches. Therefore, in place
of losing six hundred and odd thousand dol-
lars, I do not believe myself it involves $500
to the revenue, whereas it does involve a large
sum in the inconvenience of the persons con-
cerned.
My friend turns to me with surprise when I
say that, and I judge he has not attended to
what I have been saying about it, and there-
fore I ask to repeat to him in one word my
statement. It is this: that all the large hold-
ers of matches on the 1st of July and between
now and the 1st of October hold their matches
upon such terms that they will come in under
this proviso and the Government will refund to
them the stamp tax. That is my proposition.
Now, if there is any answer to that I have not
been able to learn, although I have applied to
those on both sides who know more about it
than I think any member of the Senate is
likely to know on this subject. I have asked
those representing the Government whether
there was any practical way of preventing this,
and I have been told there was not. 1 have
asked those in favor of this amendment, and
they say that as to those really interested in
the matter of stamps, the present proviso will
take them in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think lean
put a question to the Senator that will make
iiitn uudeistand what the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance seems to have failed to do.
If this law were to be postponed for an entire
year, does not the Senator from New York
perceive that we should get another year's
revenue; and if it is postponed only a fourth
part of that time, will not the Government get
one fourth part of the revenue ?
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. As I under-
stand, the Senator from Vermont makes a
proposition entirely clear. If we postpone it
a year, he asks, shall we not get a year's rev-
enue? I answer him no; although the sub-
stance of his proposition would be true. Why?
If you postpone the taking effect of it so long
that they are compelled to put matches now
stamped on the market and sell them, undoubt-
edly you will get that. All the consumption
that you compel you will get revenue for. My
proposition is that the match men, understand-
ing that this was going to take place, as they
have for sometime, have governed themselves
accordingly. And as the Senator from Dela-
ware says, the retail dealers, who confessedly
have bought their matches and hold them in
their own right, hold a very slender stock.
Upon that very likely you will get a reve-
nue; and you may in either case. The large
holders have their matches upon such terms
that just as far as it is necessary to have them
go out to answer the consumption between
now and October, they will go. That far I
agree with the Senator from Vermont. But I
say that the substance of it is that von arrest
and paralyze in some degree the trade, and
all the revenue that you get will be upon
those matches which they are compelled to
sell in answer to the actual current demand.
That is my proposition. -Now, I think the Sen-
ator from Vermont will not deny that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The trade
has been under this same idea that we were
about to repeal the tax for the last four months^
and of course whatever the consumption of the
country will he for three months from July to
October, would add just so much to the reve-
nues of the country. There can be no sort of
doubt about it. The trade is now in the-con-
dition that it will be in on the 1st of July, and
the same condition that it will be on the 1st
of October; so that whatever the consumption
of the country is, that much will be added to
the revenue of the country. There can be no
sort of doubt about it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If I understood
the chairman of the Committee on Fiuance
his position was that we had reduced the rev
enue of the country by the remission of taxes
so much that we must continue this stamp tax
for the length of time between July and Octo-
ber in order to partially make up for that
reduction. The committee have recommended
011 the article of tobacco an increase of the tax,
twenty-four cents as 1 understand, instead of
twenty as fixed by the House of Representa-
tives, and the Senate have adopted that. That
is an increase of four cents per pound, and
still it is proposed by the ehairmau of the
committee to increase the tax on matches, or
rather to extend the time during which it shall
exist. My attention being called to the part
of the bill under the heading of •' tobacco," I
find that the increase of tax there made is
provided for to take effect on the 1st of J uly.
Now, the objection is urged that the tax should
not be repealed on the 1st of J uly upon matches,
but should be extended to the 1st of October,
because the tax on some other articles has
been regulated by that time. This proviso
provides for the remission of the tax upon all
matches that may be held by manufacturers,
but all who are holding matches as dealers
and consumers cannot have the remission.
We know that matches are used just as uni-
versally or more so than tobacco. I argued
upon that question on the basis of its univer-
sality ; and much more does that argument
apply to the case of matches, because we can-
not get along without matches. Now, to allow
from this time on to the 1st of October to con-
sumers to gather the amount of matches they
may need and then compel them to lose the
stamps on them for the benefit of the Govern-
ment, I say is legislating against the interests
of the masses.
I repeat, for the information of the chairman
of the Committee 011 Finance, that already we
have competition with Canada under the exist-
ing duly. I did not say that the duty would
be removed, but I understood that the tax
will be removed on their matches 011 the 1st
of October, if the proposition of the committee
is carried, as well as on ours, and they will be
more able to compete with us then than now,
because having to pay both duty and tax they
compete with us at this time. They will have
the same opportunity then and much more so
when they will be able during these months
to accumulate matches to rush in our market
on the 1st of October.
Now, with a tacit understanding on the part
of the manufacturers and dealers in matches
that this remission would occur on the 1st of
July, I think it is hardly fair to that interest
that that time should be extended upon the
plea that because other taxes are remitted at
that time this should also take the same course.
I call the Senator's attention to the fact that
he has fixed the 1st of July m the case of to-
bacco, where we have raised the tax. Why
not allow matches that are more universally
used to be operated upon at the same time,
and thus relieve the masses of this burdensome
tax? The Government can afford it to the
masses.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I do not wish
to occupy the time of the Senate more than- a
moment, and that only to testify to the univer-
sality of the feeling among manufacturers of
matches that their business is injuriously and
