366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Reduction of Taxes—Mr. Upson.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
monCi I was put into a paper factory at the
tender age of eight years. I lived with my
mother, without allowance for board, and
worked twelve hoars daily at twenty five cents
per day. My only remission from labor, with
the exception of a single winter, was six weeks
a year, when I was allowed to go to school.
In the latter part of the first ten years of my
factory life, compensation being somewhat
increased, I had sixty dollars a year with my
board. In the later years of my life I have
been able to employ the labor of others in the
same manufacture. I mention these personal
facts only to show that I have had a practical
experience in the paper manufacture through
a very long period, and speak with some
authority.
Now, I assert, Mr. Chairman, from this
personal knowledge, that with the exception
of the period of the war of the rebellion and
times of temporary droughts paper has been,
under all your protective tariifs, receding in
price and improving in quality. Cap paper,
whether brought from England or made in
this country, which cost in former times $4 50
per ream, could of the same quality be bought
tor $2 50 per ream, while the same prices of
" hand-made" paper used when I began is in
"use to this day abroad where labor is cheap,
both in England and on the continent. We
have made improvements in machinery and
processes uuder the stimulus of protection
which have enabled us to reduce our own
prices and keep down the prices of imported
paper. I do not hesitate to say that paper
will still recede in price if we maintain a wise
system of protection. To show that I am not
mistaken iu this assertion, I ask leave to insert
a table of prices for the last fivey ears, obtained
from the Superintendent of your Printing
Office, Mr. Clapp. This table shows a reduc-
tion of more than twenty-five per cent, within
that period in the teeth of an export duty on
rags in almost every country and an increased
cost in feltings, wire, and in bleaching-powders
and soda-ash.
5a
Export duties on rags in th« various countries of thf.
world.
In Russia—ports in the Baltio and White eeas and
XXX
S £ !?
S I
8
%
NS
2.
sS 3
Ist*
£  
ft
S.8
§ x
CO
a*
Id.
by land  £6 4«.
Ports in Black and Azoff seas  2 18
In Sweden  2 9 9
In Norway (old rags)  3 16 6
In Norway (cordage)  15 5
In Denmark (rags)  2 6 3
In Holland (rags)  8 8 4
In Holland (cordage)  2 10 0
In Belgium, (prohibited except through
France) e 4 IT 2
In France (prohibited except Belgium
and Great Britain  4 17 2
Let me call the particular attention of the
committee to the important consideration that
in reducing the paper tariff we do a great
injury to the South and West, who are largely
entering into this manufacture, the South
especially; ay, sir, the South, my constit-
uency, by my solemn oath, as well as the dis-
trict whose votes have sent me here, now strug-
gling to restore itself by diversifying its labor,
needs the same tariff on paper which has given
confidence to capital at the North to invest in
this manufacture. The South, if sustained in
its " struggle for life," is bound to be a great
manufacturing people, not only in cotton and
woolens, but especially in paper. They have
the best of rags—that I know from my own
observation ; cotton waste, Kentucky rope, and
every kind of raw material used in this manu-
facture. Contiguity to the paper factory raises
the price of rags, and this is a boon to the poor
families which produce them.
The great benefit to the South, however,
from the introduction of this manufacture, is
that the paper manufacture is a pioneer in-
dustry, and where one manufacturing industry
has been introduced, others are sure to follow
in its train. Labor is thus diversified. A por-
tion of labor is drawn from agriculture, while
the profits of agriculture are increased by new
consumers. Why, in view of the present
necessities of the South, should we of the East
seek to disturb a tariff which has done so
much for us, until it has done the same for
them ? I, for one, would rather buy as I am
buying, through my house in New York, paper
made in the mills of the Carolinas than the
products of England and Belgium. While the
cry from Virginia and the Carolinas is, "We
are exhausted by a tferrible war; help us, oh
help us, to capital," why, why, I say, cutthem
down now ?
But, sir, it is said we must cut down some-
where. Then I say abolish your internal taxes.
What right have you to tax by your oppressive
internal imposts the great products of Virginia
and Kentucky, tobacco and whisky? I know,
Mr. Chairman, that this is bold talk. Still, I
repeat, what right have you to single out these
articles, the chief products of these great
States? You reply that they are injurious
luxuries. I protest against the hypocrisy
which, makes morality a pretext for oppres-
sive and unequal taxation. 1 have never used
tobacco, but I can well conceive that to the
soldier on the damp camping-ground, and the
sailor in the wet forecastle, the so-called lux-
ury may be a necessity, as it is the chief solace
of his hard life. Is not whisky something
beside an injurious luxury? Who does not
know that spirit is the basis of many of the
mechanical arts, the solvent, for instance, of
all the aniline dyes which ornament printed
fabrics, and the basis of nearly all the medi-
cines used in the healing art? You say that
England derives her chief revenue from a tax
on these two articles. Do you not know that
she can afford to do it, because tobacco is not
grown upon her soil, and she cannot raise the
corn and rye for spirit distillation? If we had
brains we would not, for the sake of imitating
England, repress by taxation the increase of
the two great products, tobacco and corn, of
which we have the natural monopoly as dis-
tinctly as we have that of cotton.
Sir, abolish every internal tax ; make free
every article which our people can never pro-
duce ; preserve the system of revenue which
shall spread broadcast over the land manufac-
turing and mechanical industries; give to the
South and West the same chance which wo
of the East have had for ourselves. When
the countries on the other side of the water
shall have abolished entail and feudalism, and
abandoned that system of political economy
which makes the welfare of the many sub-
ordinate to the wealth of the few, so that
God's children shall have a fair chance on
God's earth for tillage and enjoyment, then,
sir, it will be time enough to talk about the
vagaries and sophisms of free trade, and to
take the countries of the Old World for our
models.
The Tariff—Reduction of Taxes.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. UPSON,
of ohio,
Ik the House or Representatives,
May 2, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes—
Mr. UPSON said:
Mr. Chairman: While it is admitted by
every one that existing taxes may now be
reduced, and that the people demand such
reduction, there is much difference of opinion
as to the precise mode in which this object
should be accomplished. The first question
to be decided is, what amount of money is
needed for the purpose of paying the neces-
sary expenses of the Government, the inter-
est on the public debt, and so much of the
principal as it may be best to pay each year.
The expenditures for the present fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872, will amount to $293,-
403,382 92, and for the next fiscal year $273,-
025,773 99, according to the best estimates
that can now be made. These estimates in-
clude the interest, but no part of the principal
of the public debt. The Committee of Ways
and Means, andthe Finance Committee of the
Senate, concur in recommending that $50,000,-
000 should be applied to the payment of the
debt, and I have no doubt this conclusion will
meet with general approval. This sum will be
amply sufficient to maintain our credit in for-
eign countries, which now stands higher than
it ever did before, and to enable us to carry
out successfully the policy of the Administra-
tion in refunding the debt at lower rates of
interest. The country is each year becoming
richer, and better able to pay the debt, and
justice and sound policy alike require that the
whole burden of a debt incurred for the pres-
ervation of the Government should not be
thrown upon the present generation.
The revenue for the present fiscal year is
estimated at $220,001,500, and the revenue
for the next fiscal year, if no taxes should
be repealed, _ has been estimated at $373,-
000,000. lhis estimate was made before the
bill repealing the duty on tea and coffee be-
came a law, which will reduce the revenue
about nineteen million dollars. Taxation can
therefore be still further reduced to the amount
of at least $30,000,000, without diminish-
ing the amount of revenue below what will
be needed by the Government. It then be-
comes our duty to determine by what general
principles we shall be governed in modifying
the existing internal revenue and tariff laws.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The internal revenue system was only
adopted as a part of our legislation when the
