2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 53
her superior forces and superior armament,
she was destroyed by an American vessel
manned by American sailors. It has now
been seven years since the Secretary of the
Navy made the recommendation for this ap-
propriation; and after this long delay I hope
that the bill will receive the unanimous vote
of this House. It seems to me there can be
110 objection to it.
I now yield two minutes to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think I shall exceed that limit. I desire to
offer an amendment. I am in favor of this
bill. It is an act of justice due to the very
gallant men who did this brave deed. I think
the appropriation one of the necessary ex-
penses of the war brought on us by the fitting
out and mantling of the Alabama by English-
men. I have in my possession an affidavit
made by the surgeon's steward of the Kear-
sarge, extracts from which I give:
" That after the sinking of said Alabama a person
named King: was- brought on board the said steamer
Kearsarge in ono of the boats which brought the
wounded to said steamer; that said King was very
badly.wounded, and especially by large splinters
which struck him in several places in both body and
limbs; that said King was in a dying condition when
he was brought on board the Kearsarge; that he ap-
peared to be in peiteot possession of hisfaense.-i wilh-
in fifteen minutes of the time of his death, which
took place about one hour after he was so brought
on board, and about the time so id Kearsarge entered
the harbor of Cherbourg, returning from the said
action; that immediately after said King was
brought on board he came under the surgeon's care ;
that I had occasion to visit said King frequently and
administer stimulants, but it was too late for any
operation to be performed by the surgeon; that said
King was told soon after being brought on board that
he was in a dying condition, and seemed to be fully
conscious> of that fact; and that he seemed to be
grateful for the attentions which he received; and
that while in said condition and under our care, and
with apparently a full consciousness of what he was
saying, he made the following statement, which I
repeat in his words as nearly as possible:
"You are very kind to me, and I ought not to
expect such treatment, from you; I had no business
to be on board the Alabama; I did not belong to
her; it has served me right to rcceive my death in
this way; I wont on board frotn the Dctrhound;
she brought mo from .England; she brought others.
There were fifty, all told, that came over in the
Deeihound to assist in the fight with the Kearsarge.
X am sorry I haven't longer to live, for I leave a
wife and children behind me in England.'
"The above is the substance, and as nearly as I
can recollect the words of said King. lie spoke
abruptly and in the intervals between the spasmodic
contraction of his muscles. He was in great pain at
times. He was apparently about six feet in height,
of dark complexion, and with leg-of-mutton whis-
kers. and I think he had no mustache. I wish to
add that he told me that he had been at one time in
the Engli>h service inlndia. He also said, 'I was
captain of" one of the guns in the fight, on the Ala-
bama;' or, 'I was captain of one of the Alabama's
guns,' I do not remember which. Ho did not seem
to be a common seaman. Ho was not the Martin
King who was one of the crew of the Alabama, and
who, as X have reason to believe, was sent ashore
with others saved from the Alabama."
So, sir, if there ever can be any direct proof
that this confederate vessel, the Alabama, was
fitted out and maimed by English sailors en-
listed in England, here is the direct proof.
While I agree that this bounty is an act, of
justice, while I agree this is one of the neces-
sary expenses of the war, I want the loss to
fall where it ought. Now, as we are about to
pass this bill, I want to call the attention of
the House to the fact that we did not include
this necessary expenditure in our claims
against England in the case now presented
at Geneva, because it was an expense not pro-
vided for by law when that case was made up.
Therefore, I move to amend as follows 
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will hear the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. BUTLER, of. Massachusetts. My
amendment is that this amount shall be sub-
mitted in our "case," to the arbitration at
Geneva provided for by the treaty of Wash-
ington, as a part of the direct damage sus-
tained by the United States under the generic
teim of the Alabama claims.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am afraid the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will embarrass the passage of this bill.
I therefore hope he will take next Monday, if
this bill now pass, and bring it in as a sepa-
rate measure. Let him introduce it on next
Monday, or any other Monday, as an independ-
ent proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Connecticut will allow this bill to
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Tt makes a very large appro-
priation, and the bill is in manuscript, never
having been printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
this money shall be paid out of any money in
the treasury of England not otherwise appro-
priated, and not out of moneys in the Treasury
of the United States.
As the rules will not now permit me to offer
it I will reserve it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. _ This bill if it
pass looks to a future appropriation of money.
If it pass to day, as it lias already passed sev-
eral times before, those who are benefited
under its provisions will of course look to Con-
gress to make a necessary appropriation for
the purpose of carrying it into effect. Now,
in regard to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, my disposition is entirely
in favor of the objiet which he has in view.
I am in favor of making England pay not only
direct but indirect damages; but that is a mat-
ter which ought to come up by itself; and if
on any Monday the gentleman will submit his
proposition I am sure he will receive very
strong support in this House. I hope he will
not press his amendment at this time.
Mr. HALE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I move to strike out the words "ac-
cording to the law regulating prize cases,"
and in lieu thereof to insert "according to
the pay-roll of the ship at the time." Now,
Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman will listen to
me for a moment, I think he will agree to
the amendment. I had charge of a similar
bill, which passed at the last Congress almost
unanimously, and 111 that bill it was provided
that this sum should go to the officers and
crew according to the pay-roll of the ship at
the time. The gentleman has drawn up his
bill in the usual fashion providing for distribu-
tion according to the prize laws. The differ-
ence is that by the amendment I propose a
larger proportion of the amount will go to the
lesser officers and crew.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I accept the
amendment, and now yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. COX. I met this bill once before in
the House before the war closed, and I opposed
it at that time successfully. It was defeated
in this House after discussion by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] and
others.
This is a bill to give prize money for prop-
erty never taken. "Prize" means, in French
and in law, something captured. When there
is a capture the Government gets a consider-
ation, because it gets a captured ship or cap-
tured properly, and it can afford, when it gets the
property, to divide the money among the crew
which has captured the ship or the property.
If this were really a prize there would be no
need of this bill. It takes a special act of
Congress to give a prize, and I would like to
know from the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Stakkweataer,] who asks us to pass this
bill unanimously, or from the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] who says it has been
passed unanimously heretofore, why it is that
the soldiers who fought in our war on land,
who captured cotton, and captured ships
sometimes, who took ali sorts of things during
the war, should not have a part of the captured
property, as the English army m India had of
the "loot" which was taken by the army
there?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will answer
the question of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.] The gentleman wants to know
why the soldiers should not have a part of the
captured property. 1 have always voted for
all the measures for compensation to soldiers
which have been presented here; and I hope
they will have compensation, not only in
bounty lands, but in a variety of other ways—
in any way in which tie Government can give
it to them.
But the gentleman from New York stands
up here and objects to this because this was a
destruction and not a capture. Now, can the
gentleman distinguish in regard to compensa-
tion for meritorious acts between the two
cases I will name? If this vessel had been
taken as a prize wilhout being sunk, and if
the same gallantry had been displayed, and
if there had been the same loss of life, and
had been taken a prize, why then the gentle-
man says this would have been all right. The
only fault the gentleman finds with the gal-
lantry and courage and conduct of the Kear-
sarge and her crew is that they did too much;
they sunk the Alabama.
I say there is more glory when the vessel
is sunk, and the country can better afford to
pay when the Alabama was sent to the bot-
tom, than if she had been left in a position
to steal away, or had been only partially de-
stroyed. As I have said, precisely the same
principle was recognized when piize money
was voted for the achievements of our gallant
sailors on Lake Erie, or Lake Champlain, and
on the ocean, under Perry, and under the
Rogerses When a vessel of the enemy was
destroyed it was considered glory enough by
our fathers in the war of 1812, and they voted
the same compensation as though she had
been taken a prize.
Will the gentleman say, after this vessel
had ranged the ocean for two years, after she
had destroyed §10,000,000 worth of property,
and burned sixty-five vessels, putting their
crews in irons—will the gentleman say, be-
cause the Kearsarge sent the Alabama to the
bottom instead of taking her as a prize, that
these men shall have no compensation? I
think not.
Mr. COX. I did not say that. The argu-
ment of the gentleman is specious, but it has
been already answered in this House. I do
not undertake to say that these men who cap-
tured the Alabama were not brave men, heroic
men, men worthy of the consideration of this
Congress. But my point is that when men
enter into the public service, whether they be
soldiers or sailors, and make a contract to do
a certain work, that contract is fulfilled when
they are paid what the law gives them.
This whole prize system, Mr. Speaker, is a
relic of past ages. * There is no reason for
applying it to the seas, unless you also apply it
to the land. The gentleman from Connecticut
must not understand me as depreciating, one
iota, the glery of this deed. I do not under-
take to say a word that would detract from the
gallantry of Winslow, or of the men who cap-
tured the Alabama.
Mr, STARKWEATHER. I believe I must
now resume the floor.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to finish my sentence. I undertake to say
that if he carries out this principle he must
take a share of all the cotton captured in the
South, and all the property taken which lies now
in the Treasury in some shape or other, and
divide it up among the soldiers as they divide
up the loot in India among the generals and
soldiers instrumental in capturing the prop-
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It was the prop-
osition of some oi our Radical friends, when
the Army took possession of the South, that
wherever the Army went they should hold not
only the ^personal property, but some of our
Radical friends went so far as to claim thattliey
should take possession of the real estate and
divide it, but the gentleman's friends would not
agree to that proposition. They paid "You
are dealing too severely by the South." The
