3106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
has been stated by my friend from New York,
has not yielded the proprietois one single dol-
lar of di\4dend. More than that, the contract-
ors ask to be relieved from their present con-
tract unless the line can be pat into a semi-
monthly line, in order that it may answer the
purposes of a postal and mercantile line.
Being a monthly line, requiring nine tenths of
the. time of the whole month to make a voyage,
■which is fifty-five hundred miles, there are but
three or four days left in the month to which
to answer letters and orders for merchandise,
and the replies to letters and responses for
merchandise go through other lines ot steam-
ers, mostly the English lines of steamers.
Now, I say it is simply a question whether you
shall abandon this line entirely or-whether you
shall put it where it can stand, and a vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan
is equivalent to a vote to abandon the line
entirely.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it is
assumed here, I know not on what authority,
that the Brazilian Government will abandon
this line. The Brazilian Government is far
more interested in the continuance of this
line than we are. We purchase $80,000,000
worth of coffee pel annum from Brazil, and
pay in coin over twenty-five millions of that
amount. Certainly it is for the interest of
Brazil, if it is for the interest of the United
States, to continue the line.
I notice that parties who apply here for
subsidies are not generally disinterested par-
ties. They generally have an interest, a per-
sonal, pecuniary, private interest, and they
represent their case" in the strongest possible
light for that individual interest. If $300,000
is not enough for doubling the service of this
line, then I say let the line stop. I would
not vote another dollar more than to double
the amount; and if it is not to the interest of
Brazil to continue the line, it is not for our
interest, and let us save the whole amount in
that case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on striking out of the committee's
amendment '"$45,000" and inserting " $300,-
000." If that should prevail, the next ques-
tion will be on agreeing to the amendment of
the committee as amended, as a substitute for
the proposition of the House bill, which is
$150,000, with conditions according to the
existing contracts.
Mr. MORTON. If this line that has now
been established and subsidized for eight
years is just as helpless as it was in the begin-
ning, notwithstanding the vast increase of com-
merce between Brazil and the United States,
notwithstanding the vast increase necessarily
of the passenger business between the two
countries, if it is as helpless now as it was in
the beginning, and must be subsidized at the
same rate to keep it alive, and is making no
profits, as we are told, there is something rad-
ically wrong. So far as the increase of mail
facilities is concerned, I regard that as a mere
excuse for giving the subsidy; and that is all
it is in the case of the Pacific mail line.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of my colleague
reducing the amount.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cooper, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelirighuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaito,
Hamilton ot Texas, Harlan, Hitchcock. Johnston.
Lewi-, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Saulsbury,
Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Sumner. Trumbull, Vick-
ers. and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casseiiy, Cole,
Conkling, Cragin, Fenton, Hamlin, Logan, Nye,
Kamsey, Sawyer, Stewart, West, and Wmdom—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Clayton, Corljett, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Edmunds, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Patterson, Pool, P^ansom.
Rioe, Robertson.Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson,Stock-
ton, Thunpan, Tipton, and Wilson—26.
-So the amendment was agreed tQ.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask leave now, if it be
in older, to withdraw the amendment of the
committee and my own. The fact is that the
service cannot be performed for that sum, and
there is no necessity to make the appropria-
tion. I therefore desire to withdraw the whole
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota, stating that as the clause is
amended this service cannot be performed,
asks consent to withdraw the entire proposi-
tion, so that the bill will stand $150,000 lor
the present year, as it came from the House.
Mr. MORTON. I hope consent will be
given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Senator from Minnesota will
withdraw the amendment, and the bill will
stand at $150,000 as it came from the House.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none.
The Secretary will report the .next clause of
the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations, which
was in section five, line three, to strike out
"$4,749,001" and insert "$5,449,001;" so
as to make the clause read:
That if the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment shall be insufficient to meet the appropriations
made by this act, then the sum of $5,449,001, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, _ be, and the
same is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwiseappropriated,
to supply deficiencies in the revenue of the Post
Office Department tor the year ending June 30,1873.
Mr. SAWYER. I had supposed that sum
was fixed in reference to the rest of the bill,
and that-it was made to agree with the several
items in the hill.
Mr. WIN'DOM. It has no reference what-
ever to the steamship service. I will state
the purpose of the committee in oSeritig this
amendment. There is a standing appropria-
tion of $700,000 for free matter, an appropri-
ation made under the act of March 3, 1847,
of $200,000, and another under the act of
March 3, 1851, of $500,000 for services to be
performed for the two Houses of Congress; in
other words, for the transportation of free mat-
ter. This is a standing appropriation. There
are a number of other standing appropriations,
amounting ill all to $163,000,000, which never
come before Congress for action. They aie
appropriated by t.ctsof Congress permanently.
The committee deemed it'advisable that all
these appropriations, so far as it could con-
veniently be done, should every year be brought
under the supervision of Congress; and the
only object of this amendment is to get rid of
the standing appropriation of $700,000 which
is put in the Post Office Department by force
of law without the action or supervision of
Congress annually, and to appropriate the
requisite sum annually instead.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from
Minnesota will not make a statement that
will constantly, before persons somewhat igno-
rant of our financial management, be entirely
misrepresented. When he says that there are
$163,000,000 subject to permanent appropria-
tions, I hope he will state that the main bulk
of that is the item for interest on the public
debt, and the actual aggregate of permanent
appropriations, aside from such matters, is only
about nine or ten million dollars. What are
the items that make up the $163,000,000?
Mr. WINDOM. Tne items are quite nu-
merous. The Senator is right in saying that
a portion of them are for interest, but the
committee are of opinion that, so far as we
can get rid of them, we should do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator is
through with his five minutes, I will take pains
to correct him, and state what are the real
permanent appiopriations.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not desire to occupy
very many minutes on this subject. There is
one standing specific appropriation of $2,750,-
000 each half year for the expenses of collect-
ing the revenue from customs, which never
comes under the supervision of Congress.
There is a specific appropriation of $200,000
annually for the purpose of providing arms
and military equipments for the whole body
of tlie militia of the United States. This has
been standing ever since 1808. It seems we
have needed ever since 1808 about two hun-
dred thousand dollars every year for distribut-
ing arms to the militia, and no more one year
than another, and no less. There is another
standing appropriation of $10,000 annually
for providing " against the further decline and
final extinction of the Indian tribes adjoining
our frontier settlements." Nobody ever ex-
amines this, it never comes under the super-
vision of any committee ; the attention of the
country is never called to it. There are a
great many other standing appropriations of
the same kind. This was the first one which
the committee thought could be appropriately
acted upon, and they have designed to bring,
it to the notice of the Senate so as to have the
sense of the Senate on that subject.
My own judgment, and that of a majority
of the committee, is that it ia far better that
all these appropriations which can consistently
be annually made should be brought under the
annual actual supervision and scrutiny of Con-
gress. It makes no difference to the postal ser-
vice whether this is a standing appropriation
or made annually, I apprehend, and yet I do
think that the policy is far better to scrutinize
the items every year, and let the people know
the amounts we are appropriating, instead of
passing a statute that is to be filed away on the
shelves appropriating millions on millions of
money without ever going into the estimates,
or ever appearing anywhere. It is infinitely
better, in my judgment, that the people should
know, that Congress should know each year
what amount of money we appropriate. We
simply repeal in this amendment the standing
appropriation, and make it annual hereafter
so far as the Post Office Department is con-
cerned.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there is another
reason why this appropriation should be re-
pealed, inasmuch as by lapse of time it has
grown to be grossly inadequate. Seven hun-
dred thousand dollars was awarded twenty or
thirty years ago to pay for the free matter of
Congress and the Departments. Thirty-five
hundred thousand dollars would scarcely be
adequate now to do it. The sum being insuf-
ficient for this service, it is as well to repeal it
entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply rise to correct
a statement which is sometimes seized on by
the public press, and often perverted, in regard
to our appropriations. There are some per-
manent appropriations, so called, but they are
anuually laid upon our tables in the book of
estimates and pass before us every year. Let
us see what they are. The largest permanent
appropriation is lor interest on the public debt,
amounting to $125,576,000. Then there is an
appropriation for the sinking fund, which is
also a part of the public debt system, $29,-
310,000. That makes an aggregate for the pub-
lic debt of $155,000,000. The whole perma-
nent appropriations amouat to $165,000,000.
Deducting the public debt items there are per-
manent appropriations of about ten million
dollars, and that is all the permanent appro-
priations, properly so called, that are made
without being passed upon annually by Con-
gress; and what are they? Seven hundred
thousand dollars is the permanent appropria-
tion made for the benefit of the Post Office
Department. Then, there are about four and
a half millions for the payment of the ex-
penses ot collecting customs. There are about
two and a half millions paid permanently by
provisions in regard to the public debt for
printing notes, &c. All these permanent
appropriations are for matters indispensable,
that are put iu the form of permanent appro*
priations because they affect the public credit)
and that is the only reason. Every permanent
