1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36?
42d Cong..;.2d Sess.
The Tariff—Reduction of Taxes—Mr. TJpson.
Ho. of Reps.
great rebellion made it necessary for us. to
consider exclusively what means would enable
us to secure the greatest amount of revenue
from all sources without regard to those con-
siderations which usually control us in choos- .
ing between different modes of taxation. We
are now at liberty to repeal those taxes which
are most burdensome to the people, and
to re't'ain those to which there is least objec-
tion. In my opinion, the experience of the
last ten years furnishes abundant evidence
that the internal revenue system will never be
popular. The objections to it are many and
are well known. It requires a large number
of officers ; the taxes are excessive, unequal,
and especially liable to fraudulent evasion; and
many provisions of the law cannot be enforced
without a supervision over and an interference
with the business affairs of the people, which
is exceedingly annoying and often oppressive.
I am satisfied that none of these taxes can be
retained as a permanent part of our system
of taxation, except perhaps the taxes on
spirits, malt, liquors, and tobacco. I have no
doubt that, for the present at least, these
taxes should be continued. The'bill reported
by the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and thai reported by the minority,
appear to me defective in not providing for the
repeal of the other internal revenue taxes and
the abolition of the internal revenue offices.
THE TARIFF.
In regard to those parts of the bill now under
consideration which relate to the duties on
imports I am aware that no new principles
can be stated, and very little that is new can
be said by way of illustrating those principles.
By reading the history of our tariff legislation,
from the enactment of the tariff law of July 4,
1789,, which was declared in its preamble to
be,"for thesupport of the Government, for the
discharge of the debts of the United States,
and the encouragement and protection of manu-
factures," to the time of the present debate,
j the long contest between protection and free
trade has been carried on upon substantially
the same ground, the arguments upon either
side being only changed to suit the changes
that have occurred in the commerce and manu-
factures of the country. All that is said about
"high tariff" and"low tariff" is entirely out
of place in this debate. There is no substantial
difference of opinion in regard to the amount
of revenue to be raised, and it is somewhat
remarkable that the bill reported by the minor-
ity of the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
poses to reduce the tariff duties about ten mil-
lion dollars more than that reported by the
majority—the minority of the committee being
well known friends uf protection. There is,
however, a real substantial difference in prin-
ciple between the friends and tt^o enemies of
protection to home industry. The friends of
protection insist that whatever may be the
amount of revenue to be raised, the duties
should be so adjusted as to protect the labor
of.our own country from competition with the
poorly paid labor of other countries, and that
for this purpose duties should be levied chiefly
upon those articles which can be successfully
produced in tl\is country. The advocates of
free trade, or revenue reformers as they prefer
to style themselves, on the contrary, claim
that duties should be placed mainly upon those
articles which we do not produce, especially
articles of general use, like tea and coffee,
although they do not always act in accordance
with their own theories. Their theory has been
plainly stated in this debate by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Finkelsbobq,] who says:
• "There are two kinds of duties upon.our tariff
schedule: the one class consists of duties strictly
revenue ifi character, the other class is protective
in character. Ia the one class when the tax-payer
pays a dollar the Treasury receives a dollar; m the
other class when the tax-payer pays one dollar into
the Treasury he pays from one to five into the pock-
ets of private parties who are engaged in occupa-
tions favored by Jaw. Tea and coffee belong to the
former class, the duties upon those two artioles are
strictly revenue duties."
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burciiard]
denounces protective duties as bounties, and
describes the employers and laborers as alike
pensioners upon the Government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if all this is true, if
protection to labor is a system of wrong and
oppression, or if those who oppose protection
are sincere and earnest in maintaining such,
theories, we have a right to expect them to
act in accordance with the doctrines which
they teach. Yet at this very session we have
seen many of the members of this House who
profess to be most strongly in favor of a
strictly revenue tariff vote with protection-
ists to place tea and coffee on the free list.
If they honestly believe what they teach, why
have they not ventured to bring forward a bill
drawn in accordance with the principles which
they profess? I answer that it is because
they dare not submit the true issue between
us to the decision of the people.
The assertion has been repeatedly made in
the course of this debate that the price of for-
eign commodities is increased by exactly the
amouut of the duty imposed upon them, and
that the consumer is compelled to pay this
enhanced price, not only for articles imported,
but for similar articles manufactured in the
United States, The same assertion was made
when the subject of a tariff was brought before
the First Congress after the adoption of the
Constitution, upon the third day of its first
session, in April, 1789, and it has been reiter-
ated in every debate upon the tariff which has
taken place since that time. To this assertion
an answer has always been given, not only
satisfactory in theory, but proved to be true
by the best of all evidence in such cases, that
furnished by experience. The price is regu-
lated not merely by the cost of production,
but by the law of supply and demand, and in
no way can we so surely bring down and keep
down the price of an article as by using all
the meansinour power to increase the supply.
In the long discussion of the tariff bill, re-
ported by General Schenck in the Foity-First
Congress, we were told day after day that the
only way to make iron cheap was to reduce
the duty on pig iron. Those who opposed the
reduction insisted that it would prevent capi-
tal from being employed in the building of
new furnaces; that the supply would not keep
up with the demand, and that the result would
be increased and not diminished prices. Con-
gress, however, yielded to the clamor, and
reduced the duty from nine dollars to seven
dollars per ton, and pig iron, which then sold
for thirty dollars per ton, to-day sells for fifty
dollars per ton.
This may in part be due to other causes,
but no one who has carefully examined the
subject can doubt that the increase in price is
mainly due to the check thus given to the pro-
duction of iron in this country. Experience
has shown it to be a fact that when manufac-
tures flourish in this country so much compe-
tition is created that the foreign producer, in
order to obtain a share of our market, is
obliged to pay a part, and fiequently the
whole of the duty, and it is notorious that the
most serious and persistent opposition to our
protective system is kept up by foreign influ-
ence. When there is actually a temporary
increase in prices it is abundantly compensated
for by the fact that protection in every way
promotes the interests of labor, aids in devel-
oping the resources of the country, encourages
new branches of industry, creates a home
market for agricultural products, and secures
the general prosperity of the people. _
As an illustration of the manner in which
even slight protection builds up new kinds of
industry which add to the wealth and pros-
perity of all parts of the country, I give the
following letter written to me by gentlemen
of the highest character, in answer to my
inquiries:
Cuyahoga Rills, Ohio, March 28,1872.
Dear Sie : Your esteemed favor of 26th instant is
at hand. Our business is now oonflned to the manu-
facture of bagging. The small duty levied on jute
and jute butts has resulted in great benefit to Ohio.
Previous to 1867 the flax straw of this State was
mostly burned as valueless, but the duty on jute and
jute butts caused machinery to be employed for
producing the flax fiber, and we now use in out
establishment two million six hundred thousand
pounds annually, or the produce of full ten thou-
sand five hundred acres ofland.
We employ about a hundred and twenty persons,
and at least six hundred persons are measurably
dependent on our business. The value of our an-
nual product isabout one hundred and eighty-seven
thousand i. . liars, sold mostly in the markets of Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, Memphis, and New Orleans, but
occasionally in New York, when we come in compe-
tition with manufacturers of jute and jute butts,
whose united efforts are now making to get jute ana
jute butts placed on the free list. There aie eight
other flax-bagging manufactories in Ohio, two in
Illinois, one in Indiana, and three in Kentucky.
The hemp manufacturers in Kentuoky and Missouri
are equally interested in having the duty retained
on importations of jute and jute butts. We have
abandoned the business of yarn and twme, but hope
for the continuance of its manufacture in other
hand4*, andthat the presentdutioson flax, hemp, and
jute goods and twine will not be lessoned.
Very respectfully, your obliged,
JOHN IlINDE k SONS.
Hon. W. H. Upson, M. 0., Washington, D. G.
This is but a single instance among many
which might be found in every part of our land.
DUTY ON WOOL.
The most earnest appeals are made to us ia
behalf of the farmers, and the revenue reform-
ers claim that the protective system, so far as
it affects the farmers, is nothingbuta system of
robbery, but they unfortunately follow up the
expression of their sympathy by an attempt to
take away from the farmers the protection given
to their interests by the duty on wool. This
duty was not imposed as a means of raising
revenue during the war, but as a measure of
necessary and just protection to a most im-
portant branch of industry. The law was rec-
ommended by alarge convention of wool-grow-
ers and wool manufacturers after full con-
sideration and discussion of the subject, and
was en^jted in 1867. For a long time after
its enactment the wool interest was very much
depressed on account of the larger (juantities
of wool imported in anticipation of the law.
Now, when the law is producing all the good
effects expected from it, and when it has been
in operation only five years, we are obliged
to resist this proposition for its modification,
if not absolute repeal. Although united in
making this attack, the enemies of protection
are very far from being agreed in the reasons
for their opposition to this duty. My colleague
from Cincinnati [Mr. StevensonJ takes the
ground that the duty does not really benefit
the farmers; that all of its advantages are
gained by the manufacturers, by whom, as he
says, the farmers have been deceived and made
to believe that this duty is a great benefit to
them, when, in fact, it does them no good at
all. I answer to this that the wool shorn in,
Ohio in 1869 was 19,292,858 pounds, and in
1870 16,711,521 pounds, and that the farmers
of Ohio are intelligent men, who are quite as
competent to understand their own interests
as we are, and are not very likely to be de-
ceived either by the manufacturers or by those
who teach the doctrines of free trade.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burch-
abd,] on the other hand, submits a proposi-
tion directly the reverse of that of my colleague.
He says :
"As the wool clip ofl870, according to the United
States census, was 101,000,000 pounds, the protection
therefore or enhanced price to coasumers of wooi
would be $20,000, W
