1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4003
kind or description which has been signed or issued
without being duly stamped or with a deficient
stamp, may make application to any officer of in-
ternal revenue, and such officer shall thereupon affix
the stamp provided by such holder upon that in-
strument of writing as required by law to be put
upon the same; and he shall at the time subscribe
his name, the date thereof, and his official char-
acter upon the stamp; and all such instruments of
writing so stam ped shall be as good and valid in law
as if the same had been stamped as required by law
at the time of signing and issuing the same.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that the law now ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it ought to be
adopted.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We might
as well allow anybody to come up in the mean-
time and go to any internal revenue officer
and provide himself with stamps and have the
papers validated. I think there is no difficulty
about it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Maryland whether that amend-
ment is not the law already?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is not.
Mr. WRIGHT. Have we not a provision
of law now that a man by going before 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No; it
requires all sorts of circumlocution, hunting
up a particular officer, and affidavits that it
has been omitted by mistake, or inadvertence,
or ignorance, or something of that kind. Now,
where we propose to repeal the whole stamp
tax, why not allow a man to go to any internal
revenue officer in the meantime and have this
done?
Mr. MORTON. It cannot do any harm.
Mr. SHERMAN. The old law is substan-
tially similar, except that it seems to have upon
it this reservation, and it ought to be added
here: " but no right acquired in good faith be-
fore the stamping of such instrumeut or record-
ing thereof, as herein provided, if such record
be required by law, shall in any manner be
affected by such stamping as aforesaid."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have no
objection to that. I accept it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I inquire what is the neces-
sity for this amendment to this bill, when we
have already a law that I think covers the whole
subject?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
honorable Senator from Iowa refer me to that
law ?
Mr. WRIGHT. We have a law that is re-
ferred to by the chairman of the committee
now from which he proposes to add the words
he has just read to this amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That was
prior to the 1st day of January, 1871, and
only applied to instruments issued prior to the
year 1871. The holders of those instruments
had power to go before certain commissioners
and make affidavits that they were not issued
in certain ways by reason of ignorance or inad-
vertence, and have the proper stamp affixed.
But that was prior to a particular day.
Mr. WRIGHT. The inquiry I make is
whether the law as it stands now does not au-
thorize parties to go before a collector of
internal revenue in the proper district and
make application showing that the stamp was
omitted by mistake and have it put on? That
certainly is the law.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. But they
have got to make affidavits, and all that kind
of thing. I propose to allow them to go to
any internal revenue officer.
Mr. WRIGHT. I say the law as it stands
now authorizes a party to go before ail internal
revenue officer, and upon making the proper
showing he can have the stamp put on. I
understand this amendment proposes that
from this time to the 1st of October he may go
before any officer, whether he is an assistant
or otherwise, in any county, and have the cor-
rection made.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is the very door that
I do not want to have opened. 1 do not be-
lieve it ought to be done. The truth about it
is that it is understood these instruments have
no validity unless the stamp i&on. Now the
stamp is not put on. In the meantime rights
may have intervened. And yet you aliow
a man to go before any subordinate officer and
have this stamp put on; and how far it may
affect intervening rights no person can tell".
If the internal revenue system is worth any-
thing, and if you propose to continue it until
the 1st ot October, I see no reason why the
same general law which obtains now should
not continue until that time.
There is another thing about it. In propor-
tion as you introduce exceptions to your gen-
eral law and attempt to amend it by patching
up, in the same proportion do you increase
the danger, and increase the difficulty of ques-
tions, and possibly interfere with the rights
of individuals. You want to have a general
law, andletitspeak generally,and notintroduce
these innumerable exceptions. Here is an
amendment drawn up in haste at the desk of
a Senator. It is thrust in hereto operate upon
the general stamp act, and not alone upon the
mere question of' stamps, as to whether the
party shall have a right to put a stamp on an
instrument or not, but it may affect untold
amounts of property because the rights of
other individuals may have intervened in the
meantime.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I will ac-
cept a qualification that it shall affect no
interest improperly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think on the whole it
would be better to let this matter stand on the
present law. I cannot turn to the law at the
moment, but I am informed that there is ample
provision in the law in case of neglect or mis-
take without fault to supply the stamp; and
perhaps this subject would better be legislated
upon after the stamp act is repealed, because
then the stamps can be supplied in proper cases
ofomission. The Senator ought not to thrust it
in here when we have not time to examine it,
and when it may affect the validity of legal in-
struments, and may affect persons oil trial for
neglecting to supply proper stamps,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It cannot
possibly do that. I am not willing to delay
action on the bill, but I will get the recent act,
passed I think in 1871, to show that this
right is limited to a period of time. I will
reserve jthe right to offer my amendment in the
Senate, withdrawing it for the present.
I desire now to offer another amendment, to
bring it to the attention of the Senator from
Ohio. It was to come in after the one just
offered if adopted. It is to remove a difficulty
that may occur in regard to mortgages provid-
ing security for the payment of bonds that may
be issued under that mortgage from time to
time. It is as follows :
And provided also, That said repeal of said taxes
imposed by stamps under and by virtue of schedule
B and 0 shall be construed to extend to and em-
brace all bonds or obligations made or issued on or
after the said 1st day of October. 1872, and so au-
thorized to be made and issued under auy mortgage
executed before the day last aforesaid, such mort-
gage not being stamped.
In explanation of this amendment, and it
is to remove some difficulty, I will say that you
are allowed of course to execute a mortgage
without stamps if the bonds be stamped which
are issued under the mortgage. When you
execute a mortgage to secure the payment of a
certain amount of money, which may embrace
a number of bonds, you are only required to
stamp those bonds as they are issued. For
illustration, suppose a mortgage to be exe-
cuted before the passage of this actfor $50,000,
and there are ten separate bonds of $5,000
each, and $5,000 be issued to-day and stamped
and the rest not until after the 1st day of
October, those bonds I do not desire to come
within the provisions of this law, because it is
not then in existence, and under the existing
law the bonds would not be required to be
stamped until issued. I bold  u my hand
series No. 6 to No. 10 from the revenue
department, and I will just read :
'' A mortgage given to secure bonds which were to
be issued from time to time as sales of them can be
made, is valid so far as stamx^ taxes are concerned,
though no stamps are affixed thereto, if the bonds
are properly stamped as provided in section one
hundred and sixty."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator had better
withdraw the amendment for the present and
let me have the opinion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Very well;
I will submit it to the Senator and let him ex •
amine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I reserve
the right to offer both amendments in the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be understood. The Secretary will read the
next amendment of the committee.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section [twenty-three] twenty-
one, line forty-seven, after the word "stamps,"
to insert "and stamped paper," and after the
word " unused" to strike out " and " and in-
sert" orin lines forty-nine and fifty to strike
out the words "and by adding to said schedule
0 the following proviso, ' provided that,' " and
to insert "and;" in line fifty-one, before
"schedule," to strike out " this," and after
the word " exported," in the same line, to in-
sert the words '' after the passage of this act;"
so as to make the proviso read :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury
may, under such regulations as he may prescribe,
pay to manufacturers of matches the sum of not less
than ten doflars in any case for stamps and stamped
paper unused or affixed to matches unsold at the
time when this section shall take effect; and arti-
cles included under schedule " C" may he exported
after the passage of this act without the require-
ment of stamp, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may establish.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
whole proviso. I do not want to make a dis-
crimination or set the precedent of refunding
stamps. If you do it in one instance you must
do it in all. I can see no reason for providing
for refunding to the manufacturers of matches
the stamps unused when you do not do it
with others. I move to strike out the proviso.
Then all who have matches on hand will lose
the stamps on those they have on hand. That
is the rule applied in all other cases of persons
who hold stamps. I do not want to refund to
manufacturers of matches and not to dealers.
1 move to strike out the proviso.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 hope that will not
be done.
Mr. C0NKLING. I think the Senator from
Ohio is setting a very bad example to his fol-
lowers like me. We are considering now the
amendment of the committee. This is not
an amendment of the committee. My honor-
able friend has no right under the rule to
move it; and if he had what is the reason
for it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator occupying
the chair, (Mr. Ferry, of Michigan,) has
already moved an amendment which changed
entirely an amendment of the committee.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator occupying
the chair moved an amendment the effect of
which was to amend an amendment of the
committee. That was i-ight. It was the
proper time to do that. Now my honorable
friend who represents the committee, in place
of proceeding to consider the amendment of
the committee, makes an independent motion
to amend, and that in the face of the report of
the committee. The committee has reported
the bill with the proviso which he now seeks
to strike out, and he moves ta strike it out. I
think it is not in order, and if it were why
does the honorable Senator move to strike it
out? Simply because a majority of the Sen-
ate has thought that as to this matter a differ-
ent day should be fixed. The day proposed
