1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
hira before the country where he has no oppor-
tunity to be heard. I do not know whether
he traveled too many or too few miles. I
assume that all officers do their duty until the
contrary is proven. But here is a printed
document containing some one hundred and
eighty three pages of reports upon what he
found out about our consulates. I find in the
document quire a large quantity of matter
upon quite a number of consulates. This much
is due to a gentleman whom I never saw, to
my remembrance, and whom I do not know
that I shall ever see.
Mr. L. MYERS. A very estimable gen-
tleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I speak
on this question without prejudice.
Mr. L. MYERS. I suppose the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means would
travel nearly as many miles to reach the same
points.
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire whether this
man Keim is not the man who went to San
Domingo, and after coming back wrote a
flashy book on it, and was then sent around
the world 011 pay irom the Government?
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. I do not
know. He certainly could not have accom-
plished all ihis tour of duly since the time the
San Domingo report was written. I do not
know this gentleman at all. I only say that he
stopped at Alexandria, in Egypt, on his way,
and reported the consulate there in good con-
dition, a fact'.he publicity of which isdueto the
gentleman serving there, whose name, forsome
good reason, 1 doubt not, has been singled out
to be drawn into this debate before the House.
I want now to say further, that gentleman be-
ing attacked in public newspapers while abroad
in a foreign country, not being able to defend
himself, with very gross charges, has asked of
the Secretary of State the right and the privilege
of having a gentleman, a consular agent, not
Mr. Keim, sent out to report on those charges,
and General Starring, a gallant officer of the
war, has gone out to investigate those charges
at the request of Consul General Butler, of
Alexandria, Egypt, whose record I will ven
ture to predict will be found without stain.
Now, I have a word further to say, with the
leave of my colleague, on another topic that
has been mtroduci-d in this debate, and thai is
this : that I am entirely opposed to this self-
abnegation of Representatives m Congress. I
do not understand why, when a man is elected
to Congress, he is so far thereby incapacitated
that he cannot tell which of his constituents
will make a good officer of the Goverment. I
propose for myself to insist that I believe I
know among ray constituents good men, true
men, honest men, men who would make good,
honest, and faithful servants of the Govern-
ment, and 1 believe it is a part of my privilege
and my duty to make a recommendation of
those men to the Government whenever the
Government, needs public servants—not only
my privilege as a citizen, but my duty as a
Representative of the constituency who sent
me here ; and I do not believe but that I know
as much about their fitness for office' as any
broken-downschoolmasterin tiieland. [Laugh-
ter.] I believe 1 am as capable of telling
whether a man is fit for public service who has
been known as man and boy to me from youth
up as any man who may ask him how near
the sun is to the earth, which is of no conse-
quence whether the officer knows or not, unless
it gets so near as to scorch him while he is
doing duty. [Laughter.] I believe all that,
sir; and I am entirely opposed to the idea that
men who have the good fortune, or it would
seem now the ill fortune to be selected by their
fellow-citizens to represent them in making the
laws under which they live, are incompetent
to f-ay who is a tit man lobe a twelve-hundred
dollar clerk to copy the laws we pass 'on a
sheet of paper. I only wish to say that much,
and if any man does not think he is competent
to make recommendations to office, I can give
him a sure remedy, and that is, quit recom-
mending. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. I now ask the question on the
passage of the bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
130, noes 35.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
northwestern boondary.
Mr. MOPtGAN. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to takeup and consider joint resolution
No. 67, authorizing the survey and marking of
the boundary between the territory of the Uni-
ted States and the possessions ofGreat Britain
from the Lake of the Woods to the summit of
the Rocky mountains.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the sUte of the Union, (Mr.
Mercur in the chair.)
The joint resolution was read. The first sec-
tion provides that the President of the United
States, by and with tbe advice and consent of
the Senate, be authorized to cooperate with the
Government of Great Britain in the appoint-
ment of a joint commission, in accordance
with the plan and estimates of Brigadier Gen-
eral A. A. Humphreys, chief of engineers,
submitted-November 23,1870, for determining
the boundary line between the United States
and the British possessions between the Lake
of the Woods and the Rocky mountains. The
second section provides that $100,GOO, or so
much thereof as may be required, be appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to carry into effect the
object of the joint commission.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio to the fact that
this is a joint resolution, when it ahould be a
bill. If it be not amended and made a bill
here, it will be amended in the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not object to the
Clerk changing the title of the bill in that way.
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be changed
in the committee, but the amendment can be
made in the House.
Mr. MORGAN. I send to the Clerk's desk,
and desire to have read, the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs relative to the sub-
ject spoken of in the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred that portion of tbe President's mess ago
relating to the northwestern boundary between tho
torritorv of the United States and the possessionsot
Great Britain, report as follows :
The boundary between the territory of the United
States and the possessions of Great Britain was sur-
veyed and marked on the ground, from the Gulf of
Georgia to tho summit of the ltocky mountains, bat
has never ben so surveyed and marked from that
point to tho Lake of the Woods, a distance of about
eight hundred and seventy miles. In 1823 Major
Long planted a post at Pembina, intended to mark
the line of the forty-ninth parallel, and it was regard-
ed as indicating the boundary between the terri-
tories belonging to the two Governments, until tho
spring of 1870, when Captain D. P. Ilealy, of tho
corps of engineers, acting under the instructions
of Major Geneial Hancock, took observations to
determine the true position of the forty-ninth
parallel. The result shows that the post planted by
Major Long is about one milo too far south, and
establishes the iact that a British fort is within the
territory of the United States.
In referring to that region,in hisr-eportof Novera-
ber, 1870, General Hancock says, (Message and accom-
panying Documents, 1870-710
The valley of the lied river, in our territory, is
one of the richest in the country, and will support a
large population, which, without doubt, will occupy
if. at no distant dav. Dunne: next summer two
great railroads, the Northern Pacific andbamt Paul
and Pacific, having railroad connections with the
Atlantic sea-board, will strike Red river at points
about sixty miles apart; audit will probably be but
a few years longer when a railroad will run the en-
tire length of tho river, from i'ta sourccto Lake Win-
nipeg, which will give such facilities for the trans-
portation of tbe crops hereafter to bo raised in this
groat valley that it may safely be predicted that it
■will not bo long before tho population of that part
of it within our territory will be sufficient to form a
powerful State. I know ot no great body of land in
a northern climate which is so likely to prove so
valuablci'or theraising of wheat, or where theprices
of land wiilrisesorapidly." * * * * "In
view of the growing importance of the country in
question. I would recommend that early measures
be inaugurated whereby our boundary may be
authoritatively determined."
When tho fact established by these observations
became known, the United States collector of cus-
tomsat Pembinaasked instructions of the Secretary
of tbe Teasury as to which post he should regard as
tho true point of boundary, the one planted by
3M.ijor Lone, or that planted by Captain Heap.
On the 13th day of August, 1870, the acting Secre-
tary of State addressed a communication to the
Treasury Department, informing that Department
that no joint action had boen taken by the United
States and Great Britain for marking upon the sur-
face of the ground that portion of tho boundary
along the forty-ninth parallel which extends from
the Lake of theWoods lo the Rocky mountains,and
suggesting that no proceedings be adopted by the
custom-house authorities which would disturb the
existing condition of things on the border until the
British Government coulci bo informed of the dis-
covery which had been mado by the officers of the
engineer corps.
On tho 15th of August, 1870, the acting Secretary
of State transmitted a con y of his letter to the Treas-
ury Department to Mr. Motley, and requested him
to inloroi the British Government of the discovery
•which had been made by the engineer officers of the
United States in regard to tho truo location of the
boundary, as ascertained by tho usual scientific
method of determining such matters, which was ac-
cordingly done in a letter to Earl Granville, dated
October 17,1870.
On tho 4th of November, 1870, Sir Edward Thorn-
ton, in a letter to the acting Secretary of State,
sa\s:
" Whether the post which was crected last spring
is on the forty-ninth parallel or not can easily be
verified; but iu the meantime it would bo very de-
sirable thut the small force now in that neighbor-
hood, should remain there for the protection of per-
sons and the security of the mails. Theonly shelter,
however, which they can find is in the Hudson Bay
Company's fort. The Governor General has there-
fore forwarded a request to the Canadian Govern-
inentthat I would confer with the Secretary of State
as to the expediency of allowing the boundary line
which was iuii by Captain Pope to be considered as
the boundary for the present, until the real bound-
ary 13 ascertained and finally settled, so that the
Hudson I3ay po^t may be used as a shelter during
tho winter; for thoy consider that it is in the in-
terest. of the inhabitants on both sides of the line
that ordershouhl be preserved on the frontier,which
result can best be attained by a body of troops of
both nations being stationed in its vicinity."
The President of thoUnitod States, in his message
to the Forty-First. Congress, at the opening of its
third sohion, i ©commended theauthorization of the
appointment of a commisMou to act in concert with
a commission to be appointed by tho Government
of Great Britain, to survey 3nd mark on the ground
the boundary lino between the British possessions
and the teriitory of tho United States, from the
summit of the Rocky mountains to tbe Lake of the
Woods, and that an appropriation bo made for that
purpose according to tho estimates made by the
chief of the corps of engineer?. In pursuance of
that recommendation, a joint resolution passed the
House of Representatives on the 20th of February,
1871, by a inaiority of forty-seven votes, grant-
ing the authority asked for by the President, and
makingthe necessary appropriation. From want of
time the resolution was not acted upon by the Sen-
ate. In his late message, addressed to the Forty-
Second Congress, at its second session, the President
of the United States renewed his recommendation
in the following terms:
" I renew the rccommendation for an appropria-
tion for do'eruiiniog the true position of the forty-
ninth parallel ot latitude, where itfoi ms the bound-
ary between the United States and the British North
American possessions, between tho Lake of the
Woods and the summit of tho Rocky mountains.
Tbe early action of Congress on this recommenda-
tion would put it m the power of the War Depart-
ment to place a force in the field durmg the next
summer."
The committee recommend the adoption of the
accompanying joint resolution.
Air. MORGAN. As is stated in the report,
a joint resolution authorizing the survey to be
made, and making an appropriation for the
purpose, passed tiie House during the last
session of the Forty-First Congress by a large
majority, after full discussion. It is not my
purpose to occupy the time of the House at
any length upon this question unnecessarily;
and I shall in a few minutes, unless it be the
wish of the committee that there shall bfj. de-
bate, ask that the committee rise and report
the joint resolution. The joint resolution whose
