420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
passage is recommended by the committee is
that •which has already passed the House.
The line proposed to be surveyed and de-
termined under existing treaties by a general
commission, to be appointed by the two Govern-
ments, embraces the space extending west-
ward from the Lake of the Woods to the crest
of the Rocky mountains. The entire boundary
between the territories of Great Britain and
the United States, except that one link, has
been determined by previous treaties.
The title to the islands in Passamaquoddy
bay was determined in the treaty of Ghent,
of 1814. What is known as the northeastern
boundary, extending along the frontiers of
Maine, Vermont, and a portion of New York,
to St. Regis, on the St. Lawrence, was
established under the treaty of 1842, while
from St. Regis to the foot of the Neebish
rapids, near St. Joseph's Island and Muddy
lake, the boundary line was marked on the
map prepared for that purpose under the treaty
of Ghent, sixth article. The line extending
from the foot of Neebish rapids to the north-
west corner of the Lake of the Woods was
established under the second article of the
treaty of 1842. The line extending from the
crest of the Rocky mountains west to the
coast of the Pacific ocean was defined and
marked, and the boundaries established under
the treaty of 1846; leaving the water bound-
ary between the continent and Vancouver's
Island undetermined, which is now a question
of arbitration before the emperor of Ger-
many. From the Lake of the Woods west-
ward to the crest of the Rocky mountains
the boundary line has never been surveyed
and marked by monuments. The appropria-
tion asked for this purpose is $100,000, which
is based upon an elaborate estimate, made in
detail by the chief engineer. The amount
asked for is very small. The length of time
to be occupied in marking the boundary and
placing the monuments, may be three years.
The engineers state that it will be from two
to three years, depending upon the character
of the seasons. If the seasons be severe and
the weather inclement a greater length of
time will be required than if the weather be
otherwise.
I need not say to the committee that the
small amount of $100,000 would not be suffi-
cient to furnish a good-sized army with a single
breakfast. And I would call the attention of
the committee to the fact that almost all wars
between nations arise upon questions of bound-
ary. This has not only been the case in Eu-
rope, but it has been our own history. Our
war with Mexico arose on a question ot bound-
ary. And we were on the verge of war with
Great Britain, not only with regard to the
northeastern boundary, but as to the country
west of the Rocky mountains. Wisdom and
patriotism then alike dictate that means be
taken so as to establish this boundary, in order
that all questions of dispute between the two
Powers may be avoided ; that the people in the
large settlements which have grown up along
the line of the forty-ninth parallel north may
know on which side of the line they live.
The President of the United States, in his
message sent clown during the third session of
the Forty-First Congress, called the attention
of Congress to the fact that a point upon the
Red River of the North, where a post had been
placed to mark the intersection of that line of
parallel with the Red river, was too far south.
The claim now is that the post is one mile too
far south, and that the British fort is that far
within the limits of the territory of the United
States.
I shall no longer oceuppy the attention of
the committee, and unless some gentlemen
desire to be heard on the subject, I shall move
that the committee rise and report the reso-
lution, and recommend that it do pass.
-Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that this
appropriation instead of being small, as has
been stated, is very large. The amount of
country to be surveyed is inconsiderable, and
the amount asked is $100,000. I am sorry that
the committee is not in possession of the esti-
mates.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, my friend, they are
here.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was not aware of it. I
am glad that they are here, and I hope that
before the committee votes on this subject the
Clerk will read the estimates. The truth is,
Mr. Chairman, that whatever concerns the
operations of this Government outside of its
own limits, and in connection with other Gov-
ernments, is uniformly made the pretense for
extravagance in expenditures.
Mr. MORGAN. I will ask my friend now,
in all candor, to specify the items which are
extravagant in this case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I specifyallof them.We
are to have our commission, and the British
Governmentits commission. I wish my friend
from Ohio had the estimates made by the Brit-
ish Government for this service here. I think
it will be found in this case just like the ex-
traordinary spectacle exhibited in reference to
the management of the suit at Geneva, where
we send three attorneys like Caleb Cushing to
attend to our case, while the British Govern-
ment sends a single lawyer there to attend to
her interest. We can afford to pay attorneys'
fees to three of the first lawyers of the nation,
while Great Britain, with commendable econ-
omy, employs a single attorney and pays him
an ordinary fee. I should like to see the esti-
mate the British Government has made of the
expenditure for this survey of eight hundred
miles. We propose to pay over a hundred
dollars a mile for locating the line on our side.
Sir, the Government is amply supplied with
engineers competent to perform this duty ; but
we must employ persons who are not now in
the Government employ.
Mr. MORGAN. Do I understand my friend
to say that we propose to pay over a hundred
dollars a mile?
Mr. HOLMAN. The present estimate is
$100,000, and that is the estimate for a single
year, and the genlleman himself admits that
the survey will probably occupy two or three
years. I believe that this is only an estimate
for a single year.
Mr. SWANN. That is so.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Maryland
says it is an estimate'for a single year, and the
presumption of the gentleman from Ohio is,
that, instead of $100,000, this survey will cost
the Government at least §250,000. 1 say again
that whenever a duty is to be performed out-
side the limits of the country, or in connection
with any other nation, it is uniformly made
the occasion for unnecessary and extravagant
expenditure. I do liqt see that any $100,000
is necessary for this purpose. I am not willing
to make this appropriation of $100,000 for the
purpose of making the Government of the
United States appear respectable among the
nations, as was suggested in regard to the
consulate just now. It was said then that we
should increase the salary of these consulates
in order that the people of the United States
may appear respectable among the monarchies
of Europe. That such a sentiment should be
uttered on the floor of the American Congress
is monstrous. I say that such a Government
as this should be honored in the estimation of
the whole world, as its Representatives desire
to administer the Government for the people,
and display their republicanism in economy
and retrenchment and reform. I do not
believe that $100,000 is necessary for this
purpose. I do not believe that $250,000 is
necessary to be paid out of the Treasury and
taken out of the pockets of the people to
survey this line of eight hundred miles.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him how many astronomers, engineers,
surveyors, and chain-bearers will be necessary?
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe it is all stated in !
this estimate; butl give you my word for it that ]
just as many astronomers and engineers and
surveyors and other officers will be employed
as can be employed. There is not a doubt
about that. The only question is, what appro-
priation can be got through this House for the
employment of these gentlemen of elegant at-
tainments, and probably of elegant leisure ? I
now ask that the estimate shall be read at the
Clerk's desk, so that we may see what ideas of
economy the chief of engineers has, and what
proper expenditures should be made.
The Clerk read as follows :
Estimate of probable cost of a commission for survey-
ing and marking the. boundaries between the United
States and the British possessions.
Organization. Per year.
1 commission. $4,000  $4,000
1 secretary. $2,000  2,000
1 chief astronomer, $3,0U0    3.000
1 surgeon, $2,000  2.000
1 quartermaster and commissai-y, $2,000   2,000
Two astronomical parties:
2 assistant astronomers, at $2,000  4,000
4 sub-assistants, at $1,500  6,000
12 men—-2 atS75,10 at $45—$600 per month  7,200
2cooksat$o0—$100per month  1,200
8 teamsters, at $45—$360 per month  4,320
4 mess-men, at $45—$180 per month  2,160
50 pack-mules, or 8 wagons and 36 mules.
Two surveying parties:
2 surveyors, at $1,800   3,600
2 assistant surveyors, at $1,200   2,400
20 men—4 at $75,16 at $45—$1,020 per month... 12,240
2 cooks at $50—$100 per month  1,200
4 teamsters, at $45—$180 per month  2,160
4 mess-men, at $45—$180 per month  2,160
30 pack-mules, or 4 wagons and 20 mules.
Seventy-one persons; four hundred and thirty
rations per month, at fifty cents, $1,065 per month.
Fifty-six to eighty animals; forage cannot be cor-
rectly estimated.
Recapitulation for first year.
Pay of officers and assistants $29,000
Pay of employes  32,640
Subsistence for seventy-one persons, at fifty
cents per day  12,000
Wagons, mules, and forage lor transporta-
tion of parties in the field  9,500
Camp equipage, (twenty-five tents, cooking
utensils, axes, &c.)  3,000
Instruments, (depends upon the number on
hand,) pay  3,000
Transportation of supplies from depots, (con-
jectural)  9,000
Traveling expenses of individuals, (conjec-
tural)  2,000
Miscellaneous  2,000
Total $102,140
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend. [Mr. Morgan]
has referred to the expense of armies. I must
say that this estimate of the expense for per-
forming duties for which ordinary citizens are
qualified seems to embrace, if not an army,
at least the following of an army. The low-
est salary, I believe, even of the persons em-
ployed to provide the elegant and sumptuous
feasts contemplated here, is fifty dollars a
mouth. I do not object to that so much, but
I do object to the general estimate of $100,000
a year for two or three years.
Now, I suggest to my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Morgan] that if the amount of this appropri-
ation was limited to $50,000, and the gentle-
man at the head of the engineer bureau of
this Government understood that that was the
limit of this appropriation, I have no doubt
that he could find the necessary competent
agents b'y whom this work could be accom-
plished. I do not believe it is our privilege
or our duty to appropriate money simply for
the purpose of employing quite a large body
of men to survey this short line, and therefore
move to strike out " $100,000'' and to insert
'■$50,000.'' And 1 would be glad to see that
sum limited as the only sum to be applied to
this purpose, for I cannot believe that a larger
sum is needed.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Chairman, at the last
session of Congress I was requested to report
a bill similar to the present for the considera-
tion of the House. It was carefully consid-
ered by the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The estimates of General Humphreys, the
chief of engineers, were considered with all
the regard to economy which I am sure that
committee have been disposed to introduce
into every bill that has been reported by them.
