1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
The bill in its third section provides that
any bridge constructed under this act, and
according to its limitations, shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be fenowp and recognized
as a post route, upon which, also, no higher
charge shall be made for the transmission over
the same of the mails, the troops, and the
munitions of war of the United States than
the rate per mile paid for their transportation
over the railroads or public highways leading
to the said bridge ; and the United States shall
have the right of way for postal telegraph
purposes across said bridge.
The bill in its fourth section provides that
all railway companies desiring to usS the said
bridge shall have and be entitled to equal rights
and privileges in the passage of the same, and
in the use of the machinery and fixtures thereof,
and of all the approaches thereto, under and
upon such terms and conditions as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of War upon hear-
ing the allegations and proofs of the parties
in case they shall not agree.
The bill in its fifth section provides that
the structures, herein authorized shall be
built and located under and subject to such
regulations for the security of the navigation
of said river as the Secretary of War shall
prescribe; and the said structures shall be at
all times so kept and managed as to offer rea-
sonable and proper means for the passage of
vessels through or under said structures, and
the said structures shall be changed at the cost
and expense of the owners thereof, from time
to time, as Congress may direct, so as to pre-
serve the free and convenient navigation of
said river. And the authority to erect and
continue said bridge shall be subject to revo-
cation or modification by law, whenever the
public good shall in the judgment of Congress
so require, without any expense or charge to
the United States.
The bill in its sixth section expressly re-
serves the right to alter and amend this act, so
as to prevent or remove all material obstruc-
tions to the navigation of said river by the
construction of bridges, without expense to
the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signkd.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following tide; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1588) to change the time
for holding the spring term of the United
States circuit and district courts at Harrison-
burg, Virginia.
army appropriation bill. •
The SPEAKER,. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr, Holmax in the chair,) and re-
sumed consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1541) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1873.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Whitthorne] is entitled to
the floor for fifteen minutes.
Mr. WHITTHORNEresumedand concluded
the remarks commenced byhiin on March 21.
[They will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. DICKKY. I now yield ten minutes to
!
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Cobtjrn,]
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. COBURN. This debate has taken so
wide a range in the hour and a half which it
has already occupied that I cannot undertake
to review all the points which have been made.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Whit-
thorne] who has just taken his seat has seen
fit to complain of the large expenditures of
the Government, past and present, in connec-
tion with the Army. He seems to have for-
gotten that there was a cause for these large
expenditures—a cause originating with the
people who live in his section of the country.
He seems to have forgotten that since the con-
clusion of the war there have been minor dis-
turbances which have occasionally required
the assistance of the Army in making arrests.
He seems to have forgotten that these expendi-
tures for the Army are the necessary result of
the efforts of a portion of our people to tear
down the Constitution which he sees lit now to
eulogize so much. I would as soon expect
that a man who had applied to my building
the torch of the incendiary would come and
complain to me of the expenditures 1 had
made to rebuild my house as to hear com-
plaints coming from a source like that. I
would as soon expect to hear the man who
had raised a pistol and fired upon my person
complain to me of the expenditures required
to meet the doctors bill and to restore me to
health. ■ Mr. Chairman, complaints of the kind
made by the gentleman from Tennessee come
with ill grace from that quarter.
I stand here now to assert that the expendi-
tures of the Army are not beyond the range of
a reasonable economy. Should the gentleman
look at those expenditures, item by item, from
beginning to' end, with a reasonable and candid
eye, he will see that such is the fact. So
much for that.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slo-
cum,] my colleagu.e on the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, saw fit to criticise Uie exp3ndi-
tures made by the Government in the manu-
facture of arms, the erection and maintenance
of arsenals, armories, &c. ; and he asserted
that it would be much more economical for the
Government to buy manufactured arms_ than
to make them. He expressed the conviction
that the Government should sell its arsenals
and armories, and purchase its arms from for-
eign Governments, or from manufacturers in
out own country.
Now, sir, what is the fact in relation to the
manufacture of arms? Springfield muskets,
of which we manufactured eight hundred thou-
sand during the war, cost upon an average,
including the interest upon money expended
in purchase of grounds, erection of arsenals,
&c., only twelve dollars apiece, while the
same class of muskets manufactured by private
parties cost about twenty dollars apiece. And
the proportion is the same with other arms.
Mr. SLOCUM. Will the gentleman permit
me to say a word at this point?
Mr. COBUR.N. I have but ten minutes,
and the gentleman can reply after I get
through.
Mr. SLOCUM. I wish to say that the gen-
tleman is entirely mistaken.
Mr. COBURN. Mistaken in what?
Mr. SLOCUM. The twelve dollars apiece,
which is stated as the cost of Spriugfield rifles
when manufactured by the Government, in-
cludes barely the labor expended upon them
and the raw material.
Mr. COBURN. X have a statement from
the ordnance department going to show that
including interest on all expenditures in
machinery, buildings, &c., twelve dollars
apiece is the cost of these muskets when made
by the Government; and that those thus made
are very much better than those manufactured
by private parties at twenty dollars apiece.
Beside all that, there is something else at
the bottom of this matter. Common sense
teaches every man that when a party manu-
factures an article for his own use, essential
to his business or essential to his safety, or, as
in this instance, absolutely essential to the ex-
istence of the Government, abetter arm would
be made than would be made for sale. A man
who makes arms or anything else for sale makes
them at as cheap a rate as possible. There is
no small-arm in the world which equals that
manufactured by the United States.
But, aside from that, there are other con-
siderations. This country is not entirely safe
from civil war and civil dissension. When a
Government directs the manufacture of its
own arms, and the location of its arsenals and
armories, it puts them where it pleases. The
question of location, the question of safety,
and the question of national existence enter
into consideration. It might be possible that
a civil war would spring up which would abso-
lutely cover the entire region which would be
occupied by private manufactories of arms.
It might be the very men who had an empire
at stake, it might be those gentlemen could
buy up a few armories and arsenals, and de-
stroy them, blow them up, render them unfit
and useless, and, as a part of their scheme,
deprive the country of its manufacture of arms
for the preservation of its life. Why, sir, I
would regard it as the height of nonsense and
madness to go into a policy of this kind. We
ought to see to it that our armories and arse-
nals are well located and well distributed in
the hands of honest people, and capable and
faithful men, in times of peace as well as in'
times of war; and I stand here to demur now
and at all times against any policy of the Gov-
ernment which will throw the manufacture of
arms into the hands of private individuals.
We have no reliance if the Government arse-
nals and armories are done away with; we have
no reliance on the fact that these arms would
be made at as cheap a rate as now.
So much for that. The gentleman has seen
fit to inveigh against the slowness of the ord-
nance department in the adoption of newly
invented and valuable arms. I am not here
to say that the ordnance department at all
times lias kept pace with the inventors of the
age. I believe with him tlicy have been a
little slow; I believe with him they do require
a little stirring up; but I have yet to learn
that that has been done with any corrupt
motive, or anything of that kind.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes J
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I was not
here when the debate took place the other
day, but 1 observe by the Globe that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Slocum] used
some language showing he had fallen entirely
into error. I know he did not, mean to mis-
represent, but no one acquainted with the
facts would use the language I see he used.
I will read from the Globe;
" What are we doing? First, we establish a Gov-
ernment workshop* in close proximity to similar
shops supported by private enterprise, thereby tak-
ing from private enterprise work which is tar more
healthful to such enterprise than contributions or
money. We then fill our workshops with politi-
cians, and at their behest pass eight-hour laws .and
do other tilings to demoralize labor m this particu-
lar branch of industry; and as we see private enter-
prise decline, as we see one establishment alter
another close its doors, we appoint a congressional
committee to ascertain the source of the evil, ana
finally come to the s.ige conclusion that wo muse
sustain the important interest by appropriating to
it some ot the people's money. . . .
"There would be much more wisdom m aiding
private enterprise by giving it (yovernmen
rather than Government money. hat ij> tiuo 01
our workshops connected with the is e9^all,s'
true with, regard to tho^e connected with the Aiuij.
Ali the arm? vrc need can be manufactured by pri-
vate enterprise atone tenth the expense now in-
curred. and the work will be equally well don*
"I am. inlormed by the highest and mo t_rcli«bi6
authority that the manulaoture and repair of ail
the arms* needed by our littln Army could be dona
in fob's or Keminglons factories, without neces*i-
in Colt's or Kerning
uting the erection or un auutuuna.1 uujiumg ui
employment of one bundled additional men; and
