1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
42d Cong....2b Sess.
Condition of the, South—Mr. Harper.
Ho, of Reps.
to ninety per cent, of the cost. So in regard
to -woolen goods, when we take into consider-
ation all the labor performed in raising the
wool, taking it to, the manufactory and con-
verting it into cloth, we find that not merely
fifteen per cent., but nearly the whole of the
cost, represents labor. The protective system
is designed to benefit the laborer in the mine
and on the farm quite as much as in the manu-
factory. The other mode of meeting argu-
ments in favor of protection is to appeal to
the experience of those nations who have
adopted free trade. In a speech made on the
16th of March the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] holds up the example of Great
Britain as in every way worthy of our imita-
tion. Speaking of the revenue system of Great
Britain, he says:
"Labor in Great Britain is thus supplied with
the most abundant untaxed raw materials, drawn
from every nation, soil, and climate on eartb,
and the commodities consumed by labor are made
cheaper, and the purchasing power of wages is
greatly augmented, and commerce, the handmaid
of every industry,flourishes beyond precedent, until
England has become the most prosperous nation of
the Old World, and the reoogniied mistress of the
seas."
In regard to our own country he says, in the
same speech:
"There is no nation among men so oppressively
tariff ridden as the United States."
I ask no better justification of our system
than a fair comparison of the condition of the
people of the United States with that of the
people of Great Britain. Statistics show that
in almost every' occupation wages are from
forty to fifty per cent, lower in Great Britaiu
than they are in the United States, and in
many kinds of work the difference is even
greater. The demand for labor here has
brought to us every year thousands of skilled
and unskilled laborers from Europe, and this
has in some degree improved the conditional'
those who remained at home, by diminishing
the supply of laborers. In the year 1871 one
hundred and forty-three thousand nine hun-
dred and thirty-four persons emigrated to the
United States from Great Britain. Does any
one believe that they came here from a land
where the working mau is prosperous and
contented, to find themselves robbed and plun-
dered, to use the language of revenue reform-
ers, by oppressive tariff laws? After coming
here do they- show any desire to return to their
native land and enjoy the pretended blessings
of free trade?
Another striking proof that a false estimate
has been made of the results of the free-trade
system in Great Britain is to be found in the
fearful amount of pauperism in that country.
The Statesman's Year Book for 1872 states
that the number of paupers, exclusive of va-
grants and casual poor, in receipt of relief in
the several unions and parishes in England
and Wales was—
In 1870  1,079,391
In Scotland, in 1870 
In Ireland, in 1870  73,921
Total 1,279,4'
The population of England, Wales. Scot-
land, and Ireland,-according to the census of
April 3. 1871, was; 81,465,480. More than
four persons of every hundred were paupers,
and including the " vagrants and casual poor "
the number is estimated to be one in every ten.
British free trade must produee better fruits
before its friends have any right to ask us to
adopt it.
During the last summer I had an oppor-
tunity of- seeing something of the actual con-
dition of the ti^ople of England, Scotland, and
Ireland,, and i was more firmly convinced than
ever before- that however much remains to be
done to secure the rights of labor, the situa-
tion of workingmen .is infinitely superior in
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 24.
our own country to that of men engaged in
the same kinds of labor in Great Britain.
Although there is much to excite the warm-
est admiration and respect, and although much
has recently been done to improve the condi-
tion of the people, it is still too evident that
the revenue system and the entire legislation
of Great Britain are designed to promote the
interests of the rich and powerful, and not of
the great mass of the people who depend for
subsistence upon their own labor. Nearly all
the agricultural lands are owned by a few rich
men, and the same is true of many of the
large towns and cities. I visited one city in
Ireland containing more than one hundred
thousand people, having two colleges, and
the finest linen manufactories in the world,
and yet the whole of this city is built upon
ground owned by one man.
But, in no respect is the contrast between
the condition of the people of the United
States and Great Britain more marked than
in their homes. In that country you may see
great cathedrals and churches, splendid pal-
aces and castles, large estates and beautiful
parks, but you look in vain for the pleasant
and comfortable homes which are to be seen
everywhere throughout our own laud. The
British workingman almost uniformly lives in
a wretched house, not owned by himself, but
by his employer, and having only one or two
rooms. It is not difficult to understand the
evil effects of their being compelled to live in
such houses, which cannot be called homes.
They are briefly stated in a book published in
London, in 1867, entitled Wages and Earnings
of the Working Classes, as follows :
" As will be seen from the facts hereinafter stated
a great proportion of the working classes live in
houses rented under seven pounds a year, tho ac-
commodation thereby obtained being very smalt
and poor. To a great extent the laborers are com-
pelled to economize in their house accommodations
from the difficulty of meeting the cost of the neces-
sary food and other expenditures with the low wages
obtained. Yet as it has been well said a taste for
more refined homes has yet to bo acquired by the
great majority of our workingmen. They do not
think that a few shillings more in house rent is after
all the best expenditure they can make of their
money. The saving of one shilling or two per week
is an important consideration. IJut it is no saving
when the evil effects are duly considered. The slow
deterioration of health, the lowered vitality and
enjoyments, the destruction of tho ordinary sense of
decency; these, and a long series of evils arising
from overcrowding, come in so gradual and insid-
ious a form compared with the palpable and im-
mediate pecuniary advantage of living at a very
small rental, that they fail to be duly noted and
traced to their origin. In the houses of a large
number of tho working classes the want of accom-
modation, light, and air is remarkable, but still
more so is the absence of order and tidiness."
In a work upon Pauperism, its Causes and
Remedies, published in 1871, and written by
Henry Fawcett, a professor in the University
of Cambridge, and a member of Parliament,
in speaking of a recent investigation into the
condition of those who are employed in agri-
culture, he says:
" It is sufficient here to state that it was proved
beyond all dispute that in a great number of coun-
ties these laborers earn only nine shillings or ten
shillings a week. In some districts their children
could not grow up in greater ignorance if England
had lost her Christianity and her civilization. Tho-
houses in which, in many cases, they are compelled
to dwell, do not deserve the na-me of human habita-
tions, A country gentleman would be shunned by
his associates if he ventured to stable his horses or
kennel his hounds in such wretched hovels."
Notwithstanding the great increase in the
wealth of Great Britain, the people were bet-
ter off a hundred years ago than tbey are now,
for with this accumulation of wealth the rich
have become richer and the poor poorer.
Instead of being induced, by glowing eulo-
gies upon the greatness and glory of Eng-
land, to adopt a system which does not pre-
vent the condition of her people from becom-
ing worse every year, it should be our aim by
wise legislation to lessen the burdens of tax-
ation, to do no injustice to any section of the
country or to any part of the people, but to;
protect the interests and promote the pros-
perity of all alike.
Condition of the South.
SPEECH OP HON. J. 0. HARPER,
ok nokth carolina,
In the House op Representatives,
May 4, 1872,
On the condition of the southern States.
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, the bill
which has been for some time pending in the
morning hour, and on which the final vote has
been ordered by a vote of yeas 100, nays 78,
entitled "A bill supplemental to an act entitled
'An act to protect all citizens of the United
States in their civil rights, and to furnish the
means for their vindicatiqn,' " provides as fol-
lows:
That no citizen of the United States shall, by rea-
son of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, be excepted or excluded from the fall and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advan-
tage, facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers ;
by common carriers, whether on land or water; by
lioensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, teachers, and other offi-
cers of common schools and other public institutions
of learning, tho same being supported by moneys
derived from general taxation, or authorized by
law; by trustees and officers of cemetery associa-
tions and benevolent institutions incorporated by
national or Stato authority.
Since the lustactiou had on this bill another
one of similar import has been introduced and
referred, which provides—
That no c-Uizen of the United States shall, by rea-
son of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, be excepted or excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by trustees, commis-
sioners, superintendents, teachers, and other officers
of common schools, under any State, city, county,
parish, or other school sybtem, and other public in-
stitutions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from goneral taxation, or author-
ized by law; by trustees and officers of cemetery
associations anil benevolent institutions incorpo-
rated by national or Stato authority; by innkeep-
ers: by common carriers, either by land or water;
or by licensed managers, owners, or lessees of thea-
ters or other places of public amusement.
Each of these bills contains heavy penalties
for violation of its provisions. For instance,
the bill first quoted provides :
Sec. 2. That any person violating any of the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, or aiding in their
violation, or inciting thereto, shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to tho person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered in an action on
the case, with full costs, and shall also, for eveiy
such offense, be deemed guiltyof a misdemeanor, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less than
$500 nor more than #1,000, or shall be imprisoned not
less than thirty days nor more than one year: Pro-
vided, That tho party aggrieved shall not recover
more than one penalty, and when the offenso is a
refusal of burial, the penalty may be recovered by
the heirs-at-law of the person whose body has been
refused burial.
The vital blows aimed by these bills at the
moral, religious, and educational interests of
my constituents, the people of North Carolina,
and of the whole South, render it impossible
for me to sit longer in silence; and although
T have hitherto refrained from troubling tlx-'
House, and have contented myself with voting
against legislation calculated to injure my sec-
tion, and m favor of whatever"measure.-, the
friends of the South have introduced, yvi in
this case 1 am compelled to add to uiy vot --
my spoken and earnest protest against tips
crowning act of oppression. That the vot*;
and the protest will be alike unavailing, I am
well advised. The southern Conservative
members know, from the sad and bitter expe-
riences of the last four years, what it is lo go
back to their people and tell them for t'heir
consolation that there is scarcely any ground
of hope. They know what it is to ask the
