1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8109
may have been more or less real) greater than
this of having people who are employed in the
Government relinquish their employment and
turn right around and become the agents and
attorneys of those who wish to get money out
of the Treasury through that Department.
More frauds have been committed and more
wrong done to the people of the United States
in that way, in my opinion, than in any other
way that has yet been mentioned at this ses-
sion of Congress respecting corrupt practices ;
and as the law now stands, these corrupt prac-
tices are such as the Departments are not
responsible for. As the law now stands, they
cannot prevent a man who has been a clerk
yesterday in charge of a particular claim on a
contract, if you please, in the Post Office
Department, from to-day going to his fellow-
clerks as the attorney of the man who has the
claim, and by one influence and another get-
ting them to pass the claim and get a warrant
for it and draw it from the Treasury. The
Chorpenning claim got its status and its start
largely in that way. Other claims tbat I need
not refer to, for which Congress would never
appropriate without a very thorough investiga-
tion certainly, have been worked through the
Departments in spite of all the skill and resist-
ance of the heads of them, where they could
be brought to their notice, by people who held
confidential relations to the Government turn-
ing around and becoming the attorneys for
those who pretended to have claims against it.
Why, sir, this idea of people employed in
the Departments immediately turning around
and becoming claim agents is just as bad in
morals as it would be for an attorney to be my
counsel to-day and to-morrow, in the very
same case, to turn up on the other side. Men
may say that is a mere matter for lawyers, but
I can tell you that even the common people
that we speak of sometimes, the body of the
country, the plain people, can understand how
base it is and how wrong it is for a man who
has been counsel upon one side to become
immediately counsel upon the other, or for a
man who has been a judge even to become
counsel in the cause in which he has been judge,
and it is much more so in these Departments,
where they are much more approachable than
the judiciary are, of course. It would be a
very improper thing for anybody to talk to a
judge about a cause that was pending ; but in
the Executive Departments it is not thought
to be an improper thing for anybody to go
and talk and use all the influence he can.
Now, here is the head of a bureau to whom
the Government has intrusted all the papers
and affairs on its side of the controversy, to
whom it is known that particular clerks i«
that bureau may either from ignorance or
from interest or some other cause be per-
suaded to pass a claim which goes under their
review which otherwise they would not. That
man retires from his three or four thousand
dollar position and comes up the next day
as the attorney, having a contingent fee of
$10,000, if you please; he goes right back
into the Department, hunts up the proper clerk
in that bureau, and uses his influence upon
him; I d'o not say always corruptly in the
sense of using money, but uses the influence
whieh naturally could be exercised by a man
of capacity upon people with whom he had
been associated, and the first you know a
claim whieh never ought to have been paid
has taken its money out of the Treasury.
This is a great abuse. It is an abuse that
we have been trying in one way and another
to stop for three or four or five years. Here
is an opportunity to make one step. My hon-
orable friend from Wisconsin says the Supreme
Court have decided that you cannot prevent a
traitor from practicing in the courts. That
may be; but I think he will find it hard to
prove that you cannot prevent a man who is
in the employ ofthe Government, or has been,
from having the run of the Departments and
going into the Departments, which are our
Departments—they are not judicial tribunals;
they are our own Departments—and making
use ofthe influence, the knowledge that he has
obtained when he has been receiving our money
to get money out ofthe pockets ofthe people.
Therefore, Mr. President, I hope that the
Senate will notstrike out this section, but will
stand to it and see that it shall not go out.
Mr. CARPENTER. One word in reply.
In the first place, the Senator's remarks pro-
ceed upon the ground that these men, after
they go out of a Departmentare going to carry
with them sueh an overriding influence that
they will manage the Department when they
get back. Mr. Webster covered that ground
when he said that politicians are not sunflow-
ers ; they do not turn to their God when He
sets the same look they gave when He rose.
When a man who has occupied a place in some
bureau in a Department is once out, that is the
end of his influence. The man who can influ-
ence the Department is the man that is just
coming in, not the man who has just gone out.
But the Senator says, also, he may have in-
formation which will enable him to get a claim
through. If he has information which will
enable him to get a claim through, always
supposing that there are honest men left in
the Department to pass upon it, then the facts
of the case ought to put it through; and the
idea that we should prevent an allowance of
claim if the facts of the case call for its allow-
ance, proceeds on the ground that the Gov-
ernment in dealing with its citizen is just like
a litigant wrangling and quarreling with an
opposite party. By no means. The Govern-
ment stands as guardian over the citizen. The
Government is bound to protect the citizen,
not beat him if it can by chicanery, by sup-
pression of fact, by destruction of testimony.
If I have a claim before any one of these De-
partments, and the testimony is on file show-
ing that I am entitled to it, the man who con-
ceals it, being a clerk in the Department, is a
rascal. If he will have any more influence
after he gets out, it is a premium for putting
him out, and a good end is accomplished.
Another great objection to this is that you
visit this penalty on men ex post facto. If you
choose to pass a law in the future, then if a
man accepts the position of clerk in a Depart-
ment, he knows the penalty attached to it, he
knows the disfranchisement; but you are vis-
iting now upon a man who may perhaps have
been in a Department but for some brief space,
thirty days, this extreme penalty.
Again, a man who has held the humblest
position in the Internal Revenue Bureau is dis-
franchised from prosecuting any claim relating
to or concerning foreign customs because it
comes under the same Department; he cannot
prosecute a claim for a light-house keeper on
Lake Michigan; he cannot do anything in the
whole Treasury Department. The section is
unjust. That it is unconstitutional seems to
me too plain a thing to talk about; however,
I do not regard that as of any particular con-
sequence.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the question is taken
on striking out the section, I move to amend
it. It now reads, "that if any person who
has held office in any executive office of the
Government." I move to insert after the
word "executive" the words " or legislative,"
and after the word "appointed," inline three,
to insert the words "or elected," and imme-
diately after the word "shall," in the same
line, to insert "hereafter;" so that it will read:
"That if any person who has held an office in
any executive or legislative department of the Gov-
ernment to which he was appointed or elected shall
hereafter act as attorney, solicitor, or agent in
the prosecution of any claim against the United
States," &c.
The object of my amendment is to have the
section apply to members of Congress as well
as those who have sprved in the Executive
Departments, and make it prospective, apply-
ing to those who shall hereafter act. I think
if this section is proper as applied to execu-
tive officers, there is very great propriety in
applying it to members of Congress as well.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have thatamend-
ment read; it seems to me that a few words
more would make it all the Senator from Iowa
desires.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Wright.
Mr. CASSERLY. The objection to this
section, that it is retrospective in its effects,
seems to me a strong one. I am in favor of
the general policy of forbidding officials in
the Executive Departments or ex members of
Congress from using the advantages which they
have gained either in their office or in their
place as member of Congress to push claims,
or bills, or anything of that sort. The whole
system is evil to the last degree. The influ-
ences which it brings about the Capitol and
the Departments of the Government Are not
good. If there be anything in our power to
restore the primitive simplicity and honesty of
the Government ia any of those particulars,
we ought to do it. But I think there is great
objection to making the section retrospective.
Therefore I had drawn an amendment to which
I crave the attention of the Senator from Iowa.
It is to strike out the words "has held" in
the first line, and insert the words " shall here-
after hold ;" so as to read:
That if any person who shall hereafter hold an
office in nny executive Department of the Govern-
ment to which he was appointed, shall, after he has
ceased to hold sueh office, act as attorney, solicitor,
or agfent, &o.
My friend in front of me [Mr. Scott] sug-
gests that as the law now stands, being a
penal law, it may well be construed to operate
'only upon those persons who are in office at
this moment. In that point of view also I
think my amendment is desirable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from California to add, then, "who now holds
or who shall hereafter hold," so as to save
all possible question touching those who arein.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to suggest to
my friend from California that that does not
obviate the difficulty. You cannot pass a
law saying that a man who is now smoking a
cigar shall be fined fifty dollars any more than
you can pass a law that the man who smoked
yesterday shall be'fined fifty dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you not provide
that if a man now smoking a cigar commits
murder to-morrow he shall pay a fine ?
Mr. CARPENTER. But your amendment
would apply it to those who are now in office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If they do not like it, let
them step out before this becomes the law.
Mr. CARPENTER. But suppose they are
not willing to submit to it, and have not notice
in time to get out. They could not imagine
that such a law would be passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is pretty difficult to get
out of office, it is true, by your own confession.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont would be open
to the objection that it is substantially retro-
spective, because to say to a man who this
moment holds an office that if hereafter he
shall do something which is innocent at this
time, or at least not open to penal statutes,
does practically make your act retrospective,
and in the case of a penal act that is especially
objectionable and probably unconstitutional,
as the Senator from Wisconsin has suggested.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 would suggest
an amendment, "that if any person shall,
thirty days after the passage of this act," &c.
That would give them an opportunity to get
out. I really do not think that the section is
subject to the criticism of being an ex post
facto law. We all know that so far as trea-
son was concerned that was in the nature of
a punishment, and therefore was declared to
be unconstitutional; but this is a mere qual-
ification for office.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question? What is the dif-
ference between saying that a man shall not
