1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
would, upon a statement of the official papers
on file, pass this bill with scarcely any objec-
tion; but I think myself it is hardly right to
ask the Senate to pass upon a bill surrendering
probably $100,000 worth of property until
there is an opportunity to explain it. I am
in favor of the bill and will vote for it, but I
believe the Senate unanimously would pass the
bill after an inspection of the accompanying
papers.
Mr. KELLOGG. If there is likely to be dis-
cussion, inasmuch as the bill is before the Sen-
ate by the courtesy of the Senator from Rhode
Island, I will not press it now. I am satis-
fied it is meritorious. If it were not, I would
not have asked the Senate to consider it at this
time. I would not like to risk the bill upon
the statement made by the Senator from Ver-
mont. I should desire to be heard, or have
the chairman of the Finance Committee state
the merits of the bill before the Senate finally
act upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate will allow
me now, I will go on and make a statement of
the case; but I think the bill had better go
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest this bill
has to go over, and I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will be permitted to call up the
other matter. I understand that we have been
having the Globe published here ever since
this Congress assembled without any pay-
ment. Something ought to be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 730) to prevent and punish the obstruc-
tion of the administration of justice in the
courts of the United States ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEliOY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 737) to incorporate the Great Salt Lake
and Colorado River railway, and to grant to
said company a right of way through the pub-
lic lands of the United States ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 738) fixing the status of certain Federal
soldiers enlisting in the Union Army from the
State of Alabama; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 739) for the relief of Sarah
A. Ward ; which was read twice by its title,
and, with the accompanying papers, referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 740) to amend the act giving homesteads
to actual settlers; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 741) to more clearly define the nature of
certain courts in the several Territories, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
742) to amend section thirty-five of an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (S. No.
724) supplementary to an act entitled "Anact
to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and to aid in the construction of its road,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1871; which was referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN P. HALE.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
_ Iteeolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to inquire and report what sum,
if any, is equitably due John P. Hale, late minister,
&c., to Spain.
INSTKOCTIONS AS TO PROSECUTIONS.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for it a present consideration;
Jlesolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Semite (unless
in his opinion incompatible with the public interest)
the instructions given to the United States attor-
ney at the city of New York, in relation to tho pros-
ecution of the merchants of that city and others for
giving presents or gratuities to the custom-house
officials, and all correspondence had in relation to
tho subject.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to state to the
Senate in a few words why I think this reso-
lution is important.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the passage of the resolution, but if it is going
to be debated I think the few minutes left of
the morning hour ought to be given to the bill
reported by me.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire about three min-
utes to explain the resolution. I have been,
together with my colleagues of the Committee
of Investigation, devoting a great deal of time
and a great deal of labor for the purpose of
discovering certain alleged abuses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
first ask whether the resolution is to be con-
sidered at the present time, because otherwise
it is not debatable. Is there objection to the
present consideration of this resolution? The
Chair hears none, and the Senator from Dela-
ware will proceed.
Mr. BAYARD. A great deal of time and
labor has been expended in the endeavor to
discover abuses in the custom-house in New
York. The testimony has been given to the
country from the fortunate circumstancc that
the investigations have been open t,o the pub-
lie. While I do not propose at this time to
advert generally to the results of that investi-
gation, this much I will say: that the most
reliable source of information to the Senate
and to the country has been found to be the
merchants of the city of New York. They were
brought before the committee under subpena
generally, very unwillingly, and testified under
circumstances of considerable embarrassment
to the existence of a great number of abuses.
I may say that there scarcely was one plank
pierced by the investigating committee that
did not turn out worm-eaten or rotten to a
certain extent. Now, if it shall turn out that
the President of the United States has given
instructions that among the thousand abuses
discovered by this committee, the merchants
of New York are to be selected as objects of
prosecution for having given gratuities or
presents to the unfaithful officers of the rev-
enue for the purpose of procuring facilities for
their business, then I will simply say, if such
be the course intended, the chief channel by
which we can expect to obtain reliable in-
formation will be effectually closed. I wish
further to say 
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question for information?
Mr. BAYARD. I am explaining the mat-
Mr. CONKLING. I simply wish to know
one fact, and shall occupy but a moment. I
wish to know whether the Senator has seen in
the public newspapers, published exactly and
in extenso, this letter from the Attorney Gen-
eral to the district attorney, and the district
attorney's letter back to the Attorney General.
He speaks hypothetically. I want to know
whether he has seen them.
Mr. BAYARD. I have seen a letter pur-
porting to be a letter from the Attorney Gen-
eral to the district attorney at New York.
The authenticity of that letter I have no means
of ascertaining. This is the proper method
for me to go upon, because I think it a very
serious question ; for the people of this coun-
try will undoubtedly wish to know whether this
is a movement intended to effectuate reform,
or whether it is intended as an act to strangle
all attempts to discover abuses. In my opin-
ion there could not be a more effectual act to
prevent the obtaining of the information desired
by the country than to hold up to the merchauts
who have been victims of these extortions in
the city of New York the pains and penalties
of the acts of Congress affecting the giving of
gratuities to custom-house officials.
Why, sir, so far from these merchants of
New York being proper subjects of prosecu-
tion, they should be held the proper subjects
of sympathy by all men. They have been bled ;
they have been the victims of extortion ; they
have come forward most unwillingly to tell
you the facts ; and I would just as soon in the
case of a traveler on the highway, when a foot-
pad has extorted from him a portion of the
contents of his purse, propose that the traveler
should be called up first and foremost and be
punished for having bought his peace and his
personal safety at the cost of his property.
That has been the course of these merchants
in New York. The evidence is before the
country ; and I will say that if the letters pub-
lished in the public prints, the authenticity
of which I desire now to have established by
calling for the originals, be true, and if this
effort has been made to terrorize the merchants
of New York from giving further testimony in
eases like this, I wish the full effect of that
to be understood by the country, tor it is the
most back-handed blow to investigation that
in my opinion was ever perpetrated. I shall,
however, wait until we have the information.
I prefer to have it in an authentic shape.
The matter is too grave to be acted upon on
anonymous communications in the newspapers.
I say anonymous because the articles contain-
ing them are anonymous, although letters pur-
porting to be written by high officials of the
Government appear there; but I do not choose
to arraign them or to find fault with them until
I can discover whether they have been truly
represented before the country or not. But I
draw the attention of the Senate and the atten-
tion of the country to the fact that here in the
investigation of what must be admitted to be
a fearful charge upon the commerce of the
country, a system of extortion, a system of
illegal abuse, those who have been the victims
are now sought to be punished for the wrong3
and enormities inflicted upon them.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not know that
there is any objection to adopting the resolu-
tion which has been presented by the Senator
from Delaware. Nor do I know that this is
the time to discuss the question which he pro-
pounds in connection with that resolution. I
do not know why a man should be exempt
from prosecution for violation of a law, be-
cause he is a merchant. I have never heard
of such a rule. It appears to me very proper
for the President of the United States to carry
out the principle he enunciated in one of his
messages, that if there is a law on the statute-
book which is bad, which is evil in its tendency,
the surest and the best way to have it corrected
is to enforce it. The law, if I understand it, is
a law against giving and against receiving bribes
or gratuities for the performance of public
duty, and it is a question whether in such a
case the merchant is not as much a criminal as
the officeholder. I do not think it advisable
for me, as one, to stand up here and undertake
to defend either. If any man is a violator of
the law, he should suffer the penalty due for
the violation of the law.
I merely make these remarks in reference
to what has been said by the honorable Senator
