3110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
practice in the Supreme Court and saying that
he shall not practice in the Departments, so
far as regards the question of punishment?
Mr. FRELINGKUYSEN. I do not know
that there is any ; but that is not the ooiut.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is what the
Supreme Court, have decided.
Mr. FRELINGHOYSEN. So far as treason
is concerned, I understand that preventing a
person who was guilty of treason was directly
a punishment. This is merely prescribing
what shall be a disqualification for office. I
take it that we should have a perfect right to
provide that a man should not practice unless
he was learned in the law. I take it we should
have a perfect right to provide that a man who
had been an attorney in a case should not in
that case afterward be the attorney of the
other party, which is about what this provision
amounts to. It is a mere disqualification of
office, and not a punishment; therefore, in
my opinion, not ex post facto.
I can see great objections to persons who have
held these positions and become familiar with
the details of the office, holding the position
of attorney, not that we want to conceal facts
or the truth as it exists in the records, but
one familiar with those records may know one
fact in favor ofhis client, he may know another
fact that if disclosed would make the Govern-
ment right, and he takes a partial view of the
whole subject, so as to put the Government in
the wrong and his clientin the right. This act,
with the amendment suggested that it should
only operate in the future, I think is a salu-
tary and good law.
Mr. NYE. I hope, sir, that the section
will be stricken out even if the amendment
should prevail. We have reached that happy
period now in our political history when we
have a civil service system in partial operation
and soon to be in full operation. I am a little
unwilling on the back of that to say that it
makes a man's character questionable for
integrity to take a position in the national
employment of this country. I am a little
slow to say that if I go into any Department
and acquire a knowledge which enables me to
perforin duties that others cannot, pel form by
that knowledge which I have accumulated, I
shall incur a penalty if I use it. As well
mi«;ht the honorable Senator from New Jersey
impose a penalty that if a man took a position
in the Post Office Department, he should
remain in prison thereafter when he left it till
the records and rolls and remembrances with
which he was familiar were forgotten. I do
not suppose that it hurts a man's character to
be a clerk, and I am unwilling to legislate
upon the .supposition that it does. I would
not chain these young men down for two
years. I like a man who has pluck enough to
get out of one of these Departments; but
once there, you propose to say to him, "The
minute you step aside from that, for two long
years you shall not exercise in any way the
knowledge you have obtained."
Mr. FREUNGHUYSEN. I call attention
to the fact that it is only "in such Department."
Mr. NYE. Suppose the clerk wants to be
a dishonest man, can he not go to my friend
from New Jersey, who is an astute and keen
lawyer, and tell him all he knows himself?
On every hand he will find lawyers that want
retainers; but if he wants himself to investi-
gate an honest claim, and avail himself of the
knowledge he has thus obtained, there is a
penalty.^ Sir, X hope that character of legis-
lation will not be adopted.
Mr. SCO TI1. The Senator from Nevada has
just called attention to one feature of this pro
vision which has struck me as showing that it
does not go far enough. If we intend to remedy
this evil, the seciion ought to impose a penalty
upon an officer of a Department who com-
municates information he may acquire in it to
any person who may make use of it. It will
be very difficult to frame any law which would
practically accomplish that result. But there
is another objection to this section as it stands
to which I wish to call attention. The primary
intention or object of the section is to prevent
persons who have been in the Departments
from making use of the knowledge they ac-
quire there to enforce money claims against
the Government. But as the section stands I
submit that it will do lar more than that. The
language is "in the prosecution of any claim
against the United States." If it were '- any
claim to recover money against the United
States," it would be reaching the object sought
to be attained, but I submit now that the lan-
guage as it stands would prevent a man who
had been in one of the Departments from ap-
pearing there in contest between two private
citizens claiming a patent from the United
States ; it would prevent him from appearing in
the Patent Office where there were two con-
testants both asking a patent from the United
States, because although it is not a money de-
mand, it is in the form of a claim against the
United States. I take it that this language
would go so far as to debar an attorney or
agent who had formerly been in the Depart-
ment from appearing in either of these cases.
Certainly if the section is to be amended so as
to make it prospective only, it ought also to
be amended so as to confine this provision to
the prosecution of claims to recover money
against the United States.
I am not sure but that it is open to the ob-
jection which has been urged by the Senator
from Wisconsin, although I am willing to go
as far as anybody can to prevent the scandals
which have heretofore arisen from persons
making use of the knowledge acquired in offi-
cial positions to revive claims against the Gov-
ernment and also to enforce them. I shall at
the proper time offer an amendment to insert
the words "to recover money" after the word
"claims," for the purpose of meeting one of
the objections which I have made.
Mr. MOR.TON. I think this section is too
broad as it stands, and interferes too much
with private rights, and I shall vote to strike
it out unless it is very materially amended.
It is an abuse to allow a man who has been
employed in one of the Departments to resign
or otherwise go out and use the knowledge he
has there acquired in enforcing claims against
the United Slates. But there ought to be
some limitation to this restriction. The pro-
hibition against his practice should be con-
fined to that particular bureau or that par-
ticular sphere of duties m which he was
employed and in regard to which he obtained
particular knowledge.
Is there any sense in saying that a man
who has been employed m the Patent Office
shall not be allowed to practice before the
Commissioner ot' the General Land Office or
the Commissioner- of Pensions, or any other
bureau or any other officer in that Department
not connected with that class of duties upon
which he was employed? It seems to me not;
and unless the section can be so amended as
to confine the prohibition to the abuse I shall
vote against it. Suppose a man is employed
in the dead-letter office of the Post Office
Department, is there any sense in saying that
he shall not practice before the Post Office
Department in other respects in regard to
matters not connected with the dead-letter
office? There would be no sense in that; it
would be an interference with private rights
without any cause whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. Allow me to modify that
amendment. Instead of "executive or judi-
cial" I propose to strike out the word " has,''
in the first line, and insert "shall have been a
member of Congress or who shall have;" so
as to read:
That if any person who shall have been a mem-
ber of Congre&s or who shall have held any office in
any executive department of the Government, &<i.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment will
be so modified.
Mr. NYE. I ask the honorable Senator
why he does not include in that the judiciary ?
Executive and legislative officers are included.
Now, why not include the judicial department?
Why should the Attorney General turn around
and take up employments against the United
States?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a judicial
office ; it is an executive office.
Mr. NYE. I say any branch of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have only to say to the
Senator from Nevada that I propose to go
thus far, and if he desires to go further he can
move an amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that members of Congress are now
prohibited under heavy penalties from prose-
cuting claims before the Departments, as I
understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This relates to two years
after they go out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the sixth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, to strike out the sixth section of
the bill as amended.
Mr. CARPENTER and Mr. EDMUNDS
called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it the opinion of the
Senator from Wisconsin that no amendment
of this section would make it acceptable to
him ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I have not heard any
suggested yet that meets the objections I have
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that if
the Senator desires, in the view I have, to
suppress or check the evils we see around us
every day, and which are increasing from one
day to another by reason of the peculiar facil-
ities enjoyed by ex-members of Congress and
ex-officers of the Departments in prosecuting
claims of private advantage to the detriment
of the public good, I think—and I am sure he
must leel as I do about that—he would be
willing to allow an effort to be made to put
this section in such a shape that he can
accept it.
Mr. BAYARD. Would it be in order at
this time to offer a substitute for this section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to withdraw his motion and let ths
Clerk report my substitute.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 suppose the Senator
has a right to perfect the section before the
vote is taken on striking it out.
Mr- BAYARD. I understood the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin to be to strike
out the whole section, and I ask him to with-
draw that to enable me to offer a substitute.
Mr. CARPENTER. That would be in order
by way of perfecting thesection without regard
to my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has so ruled.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that my amendment
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to strike out all of the section after
the word "that," in the first line, and to in-
sert :
From and after the passage of this act, any person
who shall hold any office in any executive ueparc-
mcntof the Government shall not act as attorneyo
agent in the prosecution of any claim against
United States in any executive department in wiuo
he shall have held such office for the period ot twu
years after ho shtill have ceased to be such officer.
Mr. BAYARD. The object proposed to be
reached in that substitute for the section is in
the first place to secure the absence of this
