4006
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
diseovery and the punishment of the fraud;
and the successful prosecution of one case is
a -terror to evil-doers, and perhaps will pre-
vent the commission of a hundred frauds that
might otherwise be perpetrated.
I think Congress ought to consider well
before it abolishes the moiety system. There
is a good deal of sentimentality about the
opposition to it, I know. I have heard a great
deal said on that subject that I thought there
was no foundation in. The practical results
of the moiety system are these : that you pre
sent a stronger temptation for the detection
and punishment of fraud than the criminal can
present on the other side; and sometimes the
discovery of a fraud of this kind involves the
work of weeks and of months. It must be
followed up by great labor and by great skill,
and nothing but great temptations will influ-
ence persons to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out the
last word. I want to say a word more.
It sometimes happens, very often, perhaps,
that the persons who engage in this business
of detecting crime do not do it because they
hate crime particularly ; they are not always
the best of men by any means ; but a great
many of them know where they are the best
paid, and hence the small fees that the law
would authorize ordinarily, the small com-
pensation that the Commissioner can afford to
pay is no protection whatever against the over-
whelming inducement that can be presented
on the other side to cover up these crimes or
to stop investigation. The law must work
with such instruments as it can ; it must pre-
sent temptations in these cases that are supe-
rior to those that may be offered on the other
side to cover up the crime. A few cases of
abuse should not in my opinion weigh against
the great advantages of the system.
These cases are not like an ordinary fraud
in ordinary business; but to a distiller or
tobacco manufacturer, where there are hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars of capital in-
volved—and there are operations involving
millions in some cases; probably twenty-five,
thirty, forty, or fifty thousand dollars is a mere
trifle. We know that some whisky frauds
have extended to millions, and the parties
could afford to pay hundreds of thousands of
dollars to cover them up.
Mr. BAYARD. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Indiana strikes me to turn just upon
the question of amount of your rewards. He
says that the reason why the moiety system
has proved more favorable to the Government
than the other is that the amount paid the
informer is great; ergo, his interest being
greater he will inform more readily. That is
his proposition, and that, as I understood
him, is the sum and substance of his remarks,
that he thinks if you pay a man one half of
the property to be condemned he is more apt
to uo his duty than if you pay him a less
amount. Then his suggestion could be an-
swered by increasing the fund in the hands of
the Commissioner to pay these rewards. But,
sir, there is a principle which in my mind is
far more important and far more creative of
the system of abuses than the one suggested
by the Senator from Indiana, and that is this:
it is condensed in the old proverb that "an
ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure."
Under your system of moieties to informers
they do not gain one cent of reward until the
fraud has been accomplished, until it is an
accomplished fact, and the result is—and I
say this by the light of investigations in the
city of New York—that the class of men
called informers, (and a very base class of
men do they become, a very unhappy class
for any community to contain,) become what
may be called the seducers of parties to com-
mit fraud. They afford every facility, they
afford every inducement, it is their interest
that frauds should be committed, and when
they have succeeded in inducing a person to
comm'it fraud they then turn around and go
halves with the Government or get the better
half in the division. That is the effect of your
system of moieties. They do not seek to pre-
vent fraud. The ounce of prevention in this
case is worth a ton of cure. One thousand
dollars judiciously expended by a sensible offi-
cer of the "revenue" such as our present
Commissioner is, will do more to. prevent fraud
than your system of moieties, and with a hun-
dredth part of the amount expended.
I would refer to the published testimony
taken by the committee in New York to prove
the facts that I state. If you wish to prevent
fraud, give your officer the means of prevent-
ing it; but if you wish to see fraud accom-
plished and made profitable to a man who
has conduced very materially to create it, then
continue your system of moieties.
The scope of time allowed to this debate
forbids me to enlarge satisfactorily upon this
principle. If you mean to prevent fraud, give
the Commissioner a moderate fund to enable
him to do it; hold him responsible for the
amounts he expends ; let him make his returns.
But if you desire not to touch fraud until it
has been thoroughly accomplished, then con-
tinue your system of moieties, and by that
you build up that breed of men who, I say,
are a curse to any community in which they
live, the men who profit by the delinquencies
of their fellows, and who conduce to those
delinquencies in order to profit b^ them.
Mr. FRELINGHDYSEN. The _ motion
now is to adopt the twenty-fourth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment is to insert the section.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Imove to amend
it by striking out the first four lines down to
and including the word "and," in the fourth
line, which is striking out the provision which
repeals the moiety system, and still leaves the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue the au-
thority to offer the rewards. I do not under-
stand at all that the only advantage of this
moiety system is the increased amount of the
reward. It has this effect: the wrong-doer
knows that while he is perpetrating the wrong,
there is by the law a large reward offered to
just the persons who are associated with him
and who are cognizant of his wrongful con-
duct, and that there is great risk in violating
the law because of that reward in the shape
of a moiety constantly inducing the persons
who are associated with him to make the
exposure.
Mr. MORTON. Precisely; the great re
ward produces a great risk ; that is it.
Mr/FRELINGHUYSEN. And it is just the
provision which is the ounce of preventive
instead of the pound of cure. He will not run
the risk of entering into this fraud for fear of
his being detected, knowing that there are
such strong inducements for him to be exposed.
As to those who my friend from Delaware says
seduce men to violations of the law for the very
purpose of preying upon them, a little ex-
perience in that direction does good. It
shows the manufacturer how important it is,
how necessary it is to resist all seductions and
rigidly obey the law.
Now, I understand that this Government has
had experence on this subject, that there was
a time for a year or two when these moieties,
these qui tam actions, were abolished as to
customs, and the result was, as the receipts in
the Treasury showed, that there were very few
detections.
In reference to the whisky trade and the
tobacco trade, it is of the very first importance
that we should hold all these checks; and I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Finance does not so much present this prop-
osition as the result of his own judgment
as by constraint from the sentiment which is
entertained by the other House. Now, I
think if we pass the bill as we should pass it,
the result will be that they will reconsider
their judgment and show the wisdom of our
enactment.
Mr. FENTON. I do not wish to prolong
this debate, but still I ought to remark that
the Secretary of the Treasury has twice recom-
mended the abolition of the moiety system as
applicable to the customs service, and the
President in his last annual message gave em-
phatic indorsement to the recommendations
of the Secretary of the Treasury. If there is
one good reason for the abolition of the moiety
system as applicable to the customs service,
there are tenfold greater reasons for its over-
throw in respect to the internal revenue service.
Believing, however, that the difficulties
mainly arise from an abuse of the system,
instead of from the system itself, I opposed
this amendment in committee, and I am happy
to join my colleague and others who are in
favor of retaining the moiety system under
the internal revenue service. I believe, how-
ever, it is liable to very grave abuses. It was
my aim in framing, and in all the deliberations
of the Committee on Finance upon Senate bill
No. 2, which has been for some time on the
Calendar of the Senate, to so regulate and
adjust the moiety system that it should not be
subject to the abuses to which the Senator
from Delaware has referred, and of which the
public have had great reason to complain.
When that bill relating to the customs shall
come before the Senate for consideration, and
which I think ought to pass before the session
comes to a close, I shall expect the powerful
support, for this one feature of the bill at least,
of my colleague, and the Senator from Indiana,
and the Senator from Michigan, who have
favored the retention of the moiety system in
the internal revenue service.
I have no wish to prolong the debate. I rose
simply for the purpose of saying that I shall
vote against this proposition of the committee,
and yet I should be glad to have the opportun-
ity to vote for an amendment or a modifica-
tion of the moiety system as applicable to this
service, which I think would rid it of a great
deal of the objection to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the posi-
tion of an informer is not a desirable one, and
no man will voluntarily assume it unless it is
his interest to do so. Take the case of an illi-
cit distillery. In nine cases out of ten in all
probability the information comes from one
of the employes of that distillery. However
far-seeing the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue may be, he could not reach those men with
his promised reward. He would not know
how to frame a reward that would induce those
men to give information that he must obtain in
order to stop that distillery. It would be the
same in a tobacco manufactory where illegal
issues are made of tobacco. You must rely
upon the employes nine times out of ten or on
somebody adjacent, who has an eye on that
particular establishment. The Commissioner
never would know, never could reach the point
with his rewards. Hence, I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey,
leaving it with the Commissioner to offer a
reward in addition to the moiety.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Coxk-
ling] very justly remarked that on our whole
northern frontier our only safeguard is in the
moiety system. From the farthest point in
Maine up to and beyond Lake Superior the
whole coast is open to smuggling, and vast
amounts are smuggled, and I believe if you
were to-day to abolish the moiety system it
would lead to the loss of at least §50,000,000
a year of your revenue from duties. I do not
believe $50,000,000 would pay your loss in
duties if you were to abolish the moiety system
on that long line of frontier.
Mr. FEN TON. I do not wish to interrupt
the honorable Senator, but I will remark to
him that the whole amount collected from
fine3, penalties, and forfeitures under the
moiety system does not involve a revenue of
$20,000,000 in any one year.
