3?0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Ho. oj? Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Harper.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
majority here for bread and be given a stone ; !j
to demand in the name of a despairing eon- ■!
stituency the barest justice, and to get by way >!
of answer legislation as insulting as that which j
■would be vouchsafed a nation of serfs. Not- ij
withstanding this, sir, my duty to myself and ji
to those who sent me here forces me to utter ;
what I am about to say. The evils which the ;
passage of either of these bills will bring upon i
the present generation are apparent, enough. J
The provisions contained in them are fraught j
with the most dangerous consequences to both
North and South, and if enacted will entail a ;
heritage of woe upon the future. I
The want of a consistent practical policy in i
the dominant party, having for its object the real ;
interest of a reunited country, has never been j
more manifest than it now is. The bills under ]
consideration afford an instance of sectional :
legislation in which an oppressive law is to be
imposed upon our people m this case against
the expressed wishes of the best portion even of j
the Republican party in those States in which it '
is intended to operate most. It is a significant
fact that but one State convention of the Re-
publican party in the southern States has
expressed any sympathy for this measure, and
in that case the proposition met with a storm
of opposition. To show the spirit of the
Republican press, which no doubt reflects the
sentiment of that party, I read from a late
number of the Richmond (Virginia) Journal,
the leading Republican paper in that State :
"Mixed School*.—The Dispatch of this morning
bewails the attempts of the Republican party to
make capital by endeavoring to secure social equal-
ity between white and black, and especially by that
odious measure of mixed schools. To all which we
answer that the Republican party, neither in this
State nor in the nation, is doing so. Neither white
nor colored Republicans in any manner desire
mixed schools here. It the attempt is made, we j
shall be found, as a true friend of the colored race, |
not less than the white, fighting to the last against
it as destructive to the best interests of borh races.
We know that to adopt mixed schools would be to !
destroy our school system altogether. "We are in
favor of giving all the children of the State thorough
education, tree to rich and poor alike. We insist
upon the right of every child to be educated, and
the duty of the State to provide the means and to
secure the attendance of the children at the school
by compulsory measures. But we insist, also, that
each race shall be allowed its own schools. Health-
ful and friendly competition will then stiinulato each
to do its best, lest it tall behind in the race for knowl-
edge. We are confident that our opinions are held
by a vast majority of the Republicans of Virginia,
and by none more tenaciously tban the colored peo-
ple themselves. We appeal to the candor and self-
respect of our opponents to refrain from raising an
issue so clearly fictitious as this in the approaching
contest. No gfood can possibly come of it, and much
bitterness of feeling cannot fail to be excited by the
rehearsal of accusations wholly unfounded and
unjust/'
Other proof of the same kind could be fur-
nished, if necessary. 1 have selected this be-
cause it so well expresses the truth, except
that it is blind to the intention of its party in
this House.
It appears almost impossible to convey to
any one, not a citizen of the South, a correct
idea of the condition of society there, our cus-
toms, our traditions, and especially of the rela-
tions now subsisting there between the white
and colored races. To the ignorance on such
matters prevailing among the Republican mem-
bers Irom the North it is charitable to attrib-
ute something of the unsuitable and extraordin-
ary legislation which has here been invented
and carried out.
I have the honor to represent the mountain-
eers of western North Carolina, a hardy and
intelligent people, who, like their mountain
brethren of Switzerland, have always kept alive
among their forests and on their hiii-tops the
sacred fires of liberty. They are men who,
born free, wish so to live and so to die. They
have the instincts of their Caucasian race more
strongly, if possibly, than the dwelleis on the
plains ; and what I have to say of their man-
ner of treating the negroes, therefore, and of
their relations with a class whom they will
always believe to be their inferiors, can be
applied in a less rather than in a greater
degree to the inhabitants of my whole State.
Our slave element was never a large one,
and the majority even of the wealthier among
us owned but few slaves. When the war
ended those who had been in servitude gen-
erally, were found on the premises where they
had lived for years. Many of them stayed
on; hiring, at first, for a portion of the crop,
afterward at daily or monthly wages. A few,
impatient to prove to themselves that they
had the right to run about as they chose, left
their old masters and sought new homes, or
betook themselves to the distant camps of the
Freedmen's Bureau. In the course of a few
years the more prudent among them settled,
having acquired homes either by purchase or
lease. The lazy and the shiftless moved to
warmer sections, and our floating negro pop-
ulation has almost wholly disappeared. What
we have with us are citizens in every sense of
the term.
They accept and exercise, with not only the
acquiescence but the approval of the whites,
every civil right secured to them by the legis-
lation of the period since their liberation.
Their rights of property are peculiarly pro-
tected, and the exercise of these rights en-
couraged. The negro has the fullest and freest
enjoyment of his equal rights in our courts, in
our schools, and at the ballot-box. If he is
injured, the courts are prompt to give him re-
dress ; his children are provided with schools
on precisely the same terms as the white chil-
dren ; his vote is never challenged or refused.
Should he wish to attend public worship, the
doors of every church are open to him. Should
he desire to commune, and is worthy, the ele-
ments are never denied him. Should he be
destitute and unable to labor, he goes, not to
the wardens of the poor, but 'o his old master,
who, if the fortunes of war, and of misrule,
worse than war, have spared him anything,
never f&ils to help. If he is sick, he tries to
get near his old mistress, and calls for the
doctor who used to practice on his old planta-
tion. If he is in trouble of any kind, he ap-
plies, as a rule, to some one who, once having
owned slaves, knows best, he thinks, how to
advise him. He knows nuthitig of that social
equality which these bills propose to invest
him with, and is as loath to demand as the
whites will be to grant it. He sits with us in
the jury box and in the halls of legislation
as our equal; elsewhere he is ill at ease, un-
comfortable, and under restraint. They have
their code of manners as we have ours, and
they are governed by that code.
And so, sir, we live together, the old mas-
ters and the old slaves, side by side, in perfect
peace, in perfect civil equality before the law,
in the equal enjoyment of civil, moral, educa-
tional, and religious privileges. And so we
should continue to live, each race helping the
other, the whites teaching the blacks economy
of time, improved methods of labor, and the
cultivation of those qualities which give a man
self-respect and the good will of his fellows.
And the colored race, lending to the whites
their strong arms and trained muscles, giving
their labor for wages to support themselves and
their families. Generations hence, should the
negro exist that long, will see no change in the
relations between the races, the whites ac-
knowledging the civil equality of the blacks,
and habituated to it; the blacks equally cogni-
zant of and believing in their social and intel-
lectual inferiority to the whites. To disturb
this stale of things will cause, not a civil war,
but a strife equally distressing—-a social war.
These bills, if passed into laws and enforced,
contain the fire-brands destined to kindle the
fires of social discord and hatred.
The negro is very emotional and excitable,
with a childlike fondness for what is new, and
a blind and reckless haste in following what-
ever pleases his sight or his fancy. Place the
vision of absolute social equality before hig
eyes ; tell him that this social condition in
which he finds himself is a relic of slavery,
that he is good enough, wise enough, and
white enough to send his children to school
with our sons and daughters, to sleep in our
beds, and occupy our best rooms at the hotels;
that the reason he does not do all these things
is not because it is unfitting and unnatural,
but because we hate and despise him, and are
trying to keep him down, so as to put him
back into slavery, and he will not believe it at
first; but keep preaching it to him from the
stump, the bench, and the pulpit, add to your
untiring recitations the solemn testimony of
a law of the United States Congress: tell him
that if he is refused any of these things it is
because he is black, and he will by and by
believe that is the only reason for such re-
fusal. Tell him that there is a law to punish
every offender for every refusal by a heavy
fine and an imprisonment; and tell him, too,
that under this law he can drag the daring
believer in the social superiority of the Cau-
casian race three hundred miles away from
his home, away from his kindred and friends,
among strangers, to be tried by a strange tri-
bunal whose very name affrights him—before
a jury, if not packed, at least ill-selected.
Tell him all this, and you make the tempt-
ation too great, the prize too dazzling for
poor, simple, misguided African human nature
to withstand.
And now, sir, let us suppose that after
being fully instructed in this new gift of
social equality, secured to him by the pas-
sage of one of these bills, some colored man
in one of our county towns determines to
avail himself thereof. He sends his children
to the teacher of a free school for whites, or
to one of our incorporated academies or col-
leges, and demands that they be received and
educated. The teacher, looking to the pro-
visions of our school laws which provides for
the colored children precisely as for the whites
in the common schools, declines to admit
them because th>-y are colored. The father
then seeks some United States commissioner,
or, more in accordance with the practice lately
prevailing in my own district, hunts up some
deputy United States marshal, who carries his
pocket full of blank warrants signed by a com-
missioner. The teacher is forthwith arrested,
carried before a commissioner, examined and
bound over to a Federal court in Raleigh, from
two to three hundred miles distant. If he is
poor and unable to give security he will be
committed to jail, where he must await the
pleasure of an attorney or his assistants, and
a grand jury, every one of whom has been se-
lected with a view to his political status. The
trial comes on, and the teacher, as a matter
of course, is found guilty, and is fined $500 or
imprisoned thirty days, supposing he gets off
with the lightest punishment imposed. Then
as soon as he pays his fine or is released from
jail he can be again sued by the aggrieved
negro for damages, and a recovery of $500
obtained in an action on the case.
Suppose the officers of the county or of
the township, or the trustees of a female or
other college, intrusted by law with the man-
agement and superintendence of the school
in question, dare to approve or sustain the
teacher's action, and the whole vindictive
force and penalties-of this law are turned on
them, until they are compelled to abandon
their pride of descent and self- respect, and per-
haps escape a prison only by a sacrifice of
their possessions.
In all this I am only following the strict
