2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
yet to supply oor Army we find it necessary to sup-
port one general, seventeen field officers, twenty
captains, and twenty-six lieutenants, in addition to
a largo number of ordnanco store-keepers, soldiers,
mechanics, and laborers, besides keeping in repair
twenty-seven different arsenals and armories scat-
tered throughout the various States of the Union."
Sir, the Springfield armory is older than any
of the workshops around it. They were born
of it, and those who have been industrious
and honoTable men, achieving their compe-
tence, were educated in that armory and grad-
uated from it. No politicians have filled the
Sp*-ingfieid armory. It is as void of political
commotion as any workshop in the land. No
man in that armory ever asked Congress to
pass an eight-hour law. Much less did they,
when Congress forced the eight hour law upon
them, ask Congress to cheat them out of two
tenths of their compensation. Then, as regards
the work they performed, I have in tny band
the evidence of the .Remingtons, to whom the
gentleman appealed. When they sold ten thou-
sand stand of arms to the French Government
that were not yet manufactured, what did they
do? The Secretary of the Navy says, in his
testimony given under oath, that—
" As they eould be done cheaper at the Springfield
armory than at the manutactories of Remington &
Sons, an application was made to the Ordnance
Bureau of the Army for permission to have them
manufactured there."
Yes, sir; this private enterprise, the very
one to which the gentleman alluded, having
sold arms, and finding they could be manu-
factured cheaper at the Springfield armory,
-where they work only eight hours a day, than
in their own shop where they work ten hours
a day, made application to the War Depart-
ment for permission to have their arms manu-
factured there. The gentleman of course does
not mean to misrepresent, but m every one of
the particulars in regard to which he has made
a complaint he is mistaken. For, instead of
the armory driving off private enterprises, pri-
vate enteipiises liave sprung up around the
armory as its shadow.
As to the armory being filled with poli-
ticians, there is no politician in it. As to
their applying to Congress for an eight-hour
law, it was Congrtss which forced an eight-
hour law upon them. And last of all, with
the eight-hour law forced upon them, they,
by their industry and their frugality, and the
method of managing the business in the Spring-
field armory, could manufacture arms so much
more cheaply than the Remingtons could in
their own factory, under their own superin-
tendence, that the Remingtons applied to the
Springfield armory for permission to manu-
facture their guns there.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SLOCUM. I desire to be heard for one
moment.
Mr. DICKEY. I give the gentleman one
minute.
Mr. SLOCUM. I want to answer one or
two statements made by the two gentlemen
who have preceded me. It has been alleged
by both of them that politics do not enter our
armories. Now, I assert oil my honor as a
member of this House that at the time when
the fate of our Government was at stake an
order was received at one of the Government
armories to remove a skilled mechanic and
put a politician in his place. I can prove that
statement. At a time when our national exist-
ence was at stake, when we were manufactur-
ing arms and ammunition upon which the fate
of our nation depended, this Government
removed a head-man whose labor was inval-
uable to the Government, and put a politician
in his place. I can give the names and dates.
Mr. DAWES. Let the gentleman tell us
all about it.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say——
Mr. SLOCUM. Gentlemen will please let
me alone, and allow me to proceed.
Mr. BANKS. Then let us alone.
Mr. SLOCUM. No man on this floor will
dare to rise and deny that our navy-yards are
filled, day after day, month after month, with
politicians. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] when this question was
formerly under discussion, got up and denied
that in the navy-yard of his own State, that
at Charlestown, politicians were employed.
Mr. BANKS. Never. Will the gentleman
allow me to explain ?
Mr. SLOCUM. I have positive proof that
a delegation of Republicans came here and
got men removed from the yard in his district.
I have evidence that delegations appointed
by the Republican organizations of my own
city have been here to get skilled workmen
removed and politicians appointed.
I desire also to say, that this talk about
knowing what your arms cost is arrant non-
sense. You talk about having the exact
figures. You cannot have anything of the
kind. You have no data upon which to base
any estimates.
Mr. DICKEY. I must resume the floor.
Mr. SLOCUM. Yes, you are very willing
to make assertions, very free to ask questions,
but very reluctant to afford an opportunity for
replies.
Mr. BANKS. I want a moment to reply to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slo-
cum.J
Mr. DICKEY. I yield to the gentleman for
one minute.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask any gentleman on the
floor to rise and deny the statement I have
made.
Mr. DICKEY. I have not got up for that
purpose.
Mr. SLOCUM. Let me go on. This ques-
tion has been discussed by others. Let me
have five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BANKS. I want to say to the gentle-
man from New York that I never asserted that
men were not employed in the navy-yard at
Charlestown who entertained distinct political
opinions. On the contrary, I know there are.
A Secretary of the Navy once said to me that
Navy officers were generally Democrats, and
if left to themselves they would fill the yards
with men of that party. What I said was
that T had never had the power to secure the
appointment of men of the party to which I
belong on account of their political opinions.
I said also that leading Democrats of my
own neighborhood had said to me confiden-
tially that if I wanted to get a friend into the
yard they had the means of helping me do it,
which I have not at all times enjoyed under
Republican administrations. Now. I want to
know of the gentleman from New York if he
has ever known of a case in which a man was
removed from one of the navy-yards or arm-
ories because he was a skilled mechanic? He
cannot prove that.
Mr. SLOCUM. No, I can prove nothing
of that kind.
Mr. BANKS. Of course not. I want to
know further if he thinks that a man who has
political opinions is to be condemned as a
criminal and to be excluded from employ-
ment by the Government on that account?
Mr. DICKEY. I resume the floor.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to answer the gentleman from Mas-
S8.cHnS6ttS
Mr. DICKEY. Oh, I have allowed the gen-
tleman longer time than I allowed the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and I resume the
floor. All I have to say in reply to the gen-
tleman from the Brooklyn district [Mr. Si.o-
otjm] is, that it' there are good Republicans in
his district who are good mechanics, as good
as Democratic mechanics, if I had the power
I would turn out his Democratic friends and
put in Republicans.
Mr. SLOCUM. You are taking a very
unfair advantage of me. I allowed you to
interrupt me, and not one of you will allow
me to be heard.
Mr. DICKEY. It has been done by every
Democratic administration since the founda-
tion of the Government, and I do not blame
them for it.
Mr. SLOCUM. You dare not allow me to
go on.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, I do not
dispute any of the facts stated by the gentle-
man from New York, for I know nothing about
it. But I do know that as a Republican, if I
had the power in a navy yard or anywhere
else to employ good Republicans in place of
Democrats I would do it, so far as I am con-
cerned. The gentleman may hold me respon-
sible for that as my individual opinion. I
would do it in the navy yard. I would do it in
the armories and everywhere.
Mr. SLOCUM. Would you do it in viola-
tion of law ?
Mr. DICKEY. There is no violation of
law about it. When you have two men
equally good mechanics, politics turns the
scale always.
The general debate on this bill has gone
very wide of any provisions of the bill. The
bill is the ordinary one, providing for the sup-
port of the Army for the next fiscal year.
Gentlemen have chosen to hang upon it a
very general debate, a political debate. I
do not object to it. They may as well hang
a stump speech on an Army bill as 011 any
other bill: but there was one remark which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Slocum]
made to which I desire to call his attention.
Mr. SLOCUM. Will you allow me to reply?
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman has had his
day in court, and I will not object to giving
him five minutes of my time in my closing
hour.
Mr. SLOCUM. You make charges, and
then, the moment I rise to reply, you cut
me off.
Mr. DICKEY. I have made no charge
against anybody. I simply want to call the
gentleman's attention to one thing. He stated
that when he and General Grant were in the
Army, and General Grant was a lieutenant,
no officer of the Army knew any politics. He
says they did not know the politics of their
next neighbor, and he seemed to think that a
very desirable thing. Sir, I think that a very
undesirable thing, that any man in this coun-
try, in any position, should not understand
the politics of his country 1 And I congratu-
late the gentleman that he, with his great
military reputation, and General Grant, have
got out of that slough, and that they do under-
stand now the politics of their country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are you sure of
that?
Mr. DICKEY. I congratulate them that
they have got by the day when with the officers
of the Army it was " billiards, flirting, and
Benny Havens, oh!"—that they have now
obtained a knowledge of the politics of that
country and occupy distinguished positions.
I congratulate the gentleman on his great suc-
cess, and to say to him that in order to prove
himself an able politician he is not called upon
to make a stump speech, however good, 011 an
Army appropriation bill I think the gentle-
man deserves great credit, as I think General
Grant deserves great credit, for their success
in the new fields of service to which .they have
been callcd, considering their want of an early
education in politics. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from New York takes occa-
sion on this Army appropriation bill to discups
the question of a 1 eorganization of our Ord-
nance Bureau, and of the propriety of letting out
Government work by contract. Sir, those are
questions with which he is more familiar than
1 am, questions in regard to which I would
ordinarily, and even now, if a proper bill were
submitted to this House upon the subject, sub-
mit to his superior judgment. But allow me
to suggest to that gentleman that they are
