422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
which never has been and never will be a
friend to this Republic.
Now, to take the other view of this question
which has been presented, if this boundary
line needs to be surveyed, why do we not em-
ploy the officers of the United States to do
it? Here we have one hundred officials
employed in the engineer department. They
are paid high salaries. They are sustained by
the people of the country. Why do we not
send them to do it? No, sir; nothing of the
kind is proposed ; but we are asked to estab-
lish ail extra commission, and to send out sur-
veying parties to do the work which ought to
be done by the engineers whom we have edu-
cated for that purpose. We are now asked to
make an appropriation of §100,000, and next
year we shall be asked for another $100,000,
and the next year for another $100,000, and
we do not know where the expenditure is to
stop; and in all probability the land, if any,
which we may acquire by this survey will go
to some one of our railroad monopolies, who
have already absorbed such vast tracts of our
public domain.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
has referred to the expenditure incurred by
this Government in sending agents abroad to
take part in the Geneva arbitration. England
sends one lawyer to look after her interests,
while we send three lawyers to look after ours;
and 1 approve of the action of our Govern-
ment in sending three lawyers. England need
only send one, because in that commission she
knows she has friends who will protect her
interests, and indeed, in my opinion, she does
not require any counsel at ail to represent her
there. We, on the contrary, have no friends
ia that commission; and it is, therefore, all
the more necessary that we should send abroad
counsel to protect our interests.
I am opposed to this bill. If this work be
necessary, let us select from the officers of the
Army competent engineers to do the work, and
do not Jet us incur additional expense. But if
we must have additional expense, it we must
supply luxurious appendages to the commis-
sioners we send, let us at least make the
appropriation as small as possible. 1 shall
therefore vote for the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. IIolmax,] limit-
ing the appropriation to $50,000; but, for
myself, I am willing to say we should stop
right here and refuse to appropriate one dol-
lar more, either now or hereafter, for this or
any similar purpose.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I am sure
gentlemen on the other side of the House will
not consider this an extravagant appropriation
if they consider ail the circumstances. We
ran the line ot the Joity-ulntii parallel with'
Great Britain some years ago, making a sur-
render of territory, as Adams claimed, to the
line of 54° 407. ti now appears that England
is on the soil of the United States, and that
the forty ninth ^ parallel is not where the line
was run, and this is an appropriation to recover
onr territory. I do not, suppose thac England
would have got upon our territory if she had
known it, but it is certain that she is upon our
territory, and we have a right, with the coop-
eration ot England, to run a new line, which
shall put the boundary upon the right parallel.
This will give us an important strip ot country
extending ihrough the Ked liver valley, one of
the most fertile valleys of the continent. It
will give us the important post of Pembina,
which is now in Hudson bay territory. We
must send competent men to run that line, if
it is to be properly run. We have lost enough
already by the disregard of our rights and by
the employment ot incompetent men. The
whole difficulty with Great Britain has arisen
lrom the tact that our commissioners did not
examine the question arising between the two
(jovernments, as they ought to have done. And
the same thing might be said with reference
to the northeastern boundary, where an error
has been ascertained as in this case.
It is necessary to secure the territory which
belongs to us in this most fertile valley, and
which gives us the important trading post of
Pembina, and I am sure that no member of
this House can vote against appropriating the
sum of money necessary to secure to us that
object. The Secretary of War has decided it
to be necessary that this sum of money should
be appropriated for this purpose. He has ex-
amined the subject carefully, and the Secre-
tary of_State has also examined it carefully. It
is with their approval that this appropriation
is recommended, and I am quite certain that no
such extravagance will be committed as has
beensuggested. And I hope that this appro-
priation having already passed the House in
a former Congress, it will again be made
unanimously by this House.
Mr. MORGAN. I think if some misappre-
hensions were cleared away there would be no
opposition to the passing of this measure. A
number of gentlemen have asked, and very
properly have asked, why is it that the engineer
officers of our own Army cannot be detailed
for the discharge of this duty? That question,
sir, suggested itself to my own mind. When
this subject was assigned to me by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs I went to the engineer
office. I had made an estimate which I was
in hopes might be sufficient to cover the entire
expenditure, but was informed by the chief of
engineers, a gentleman of eminent ability and
high scientific attainments ; a gentleman of
houesty, and having a regard to economy; a
gentleman whose patriotism is equal to that of
any other in the land, either in the civil, or
military service ; I was informed by him that
in consequence of the smallness of the corps
of engineers a considerable number of civil
engineers are at this very moment employed
by the Government of the United States upon
our public works.
One of the honorable gentlemen who ad-
dressed the Chair seemed to imagine-that it
was the object of this joint resolution to pro-
tect the rights of England. Sir, the gentle-
man is mistaken. We desire to protect our
own rights, not those of England. And obser-
vations have shown that about eight hundred
and seventy square miles of territory hereto-
fore supposed to belong to the Government of
Great Britain actually belong to the Govern-
ment of the United States. It is a fact, if the
observations lately made' be correct, that a
British fort is now situated one mile south of
the northern line of our territory. And we
propose to do what, Mr. Chairman? To ben-
efit Great Britain? How? By having a line
run which will take from her eight hundred
and seventy square miles of territory; by hav-
ing a line defined whereby our northern bound-
ary will be ascertained and determined.
Now, in regard to these expenditures, I
have also one word to say. The monuments
to mark this line are planted one in every mile.
The line extends over a difficult country, over
eight hundred miles in extent. I am well satis-
fied, after a close consideration of the whole
question, that the estimate made by the chief
of engineers, taking it as a whole, is moderate,
and not to be reduced. And I desire to say a
single word to the gentlemen on this side of
the House. The only rule to which 1 will sub-
scribe for ray own action as a legislator is this:
if the Administration introduces a measure
that I believe to be wrong, I will assail, expose,
and denounce it.; but when a measure is right
on its face, and one that, the interests of the
country demand, then, sir, no partisan influ-
ence, no desire of cheap popularity, can induce
me to assail any measure on this "floor or else-
where.
Mr. Chairman, while we all desire to protect
the rights of our own people individually and
collectively, while we desire to maintain our
national faith and our national honor, there is
no man upon this floor or outside the walls of
this House who desires war or difficulty with
a foreign Power, which by means of negotiation
and civil action can be avoided. Gentlemen
talk of the enormous expense proposed of
$100,000. Why, sir, as I said in my opening
remarks, $100,000 would not furnish a break-
fast for a large army. We want an amicable
adjustment of this question under the treaty
that already exists, and the only question for
the House to determine is, whether or not we
shall define, mark, and establish by proper
monuments the boundary line between the
territory of the United States and the posses-
sions of Great Biitain on this continent.
I now move that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the vote must
first be taken on the amendment which I have
offered, and then I wish to submit another
amendment.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Holman, to strike out " $100,000 " where
it-occurs in line one, section two, and to insert
" $50,000 " in lieu thereof.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
47, noes 00; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Is a further count in-
sisted Oil?
Mr. IIOLMAN. I will not insist upon it if
we can have a vote upon it in the House by
yeas and nays.
Mr. BANKS. We will give you a yea and
nay vote in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I do not insist on a
further count. I now move to add to section
one the following:
Provided, however. That engineers in tbo regular
service of the United States shall be employed ex-
clusively as engineers in the periormance of the
duties contemplated by tliis act without any ad-
ditional salary, and the Secretary ot War is hereby
directed to make the necessary details of engineers
for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. There can be no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. MORGAN. There are not engineer offi-
cers enough in the service to enable a suffi-
cient number to be detailed for this duty.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are plenty
of them here in Washington.
The question was put on the amendment ;
and there were—ayes 34, noes G8; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will allow us to have a vote in the
House by yeas and nays, I will not insist on a
further count.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us have a vote
here, too.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to a
yea and nay vote being taken on the amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see what
objection there can be to letting the engineers
of the Army perform this service.
Mr. BANKS. We have been cutting down
the Army so that there .are no engineer offi-
cers to do this service. We cannot defeat the
bill by any such amendment as this.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mor-
gan's motion, that the committee rise and
report the bill, and it was agreed t.o.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Mer-
cur reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and particularly, joint resolution (H. R.
No. 57) authorizing the survey and marking of
the boundary between the territory of the Uni-
ted States and the possessions of Great Britain
from the Lake of the Woods to the summit
of the Rocky mountains, and had directed him
to report it back to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out "$100,000" and insert-
ing " $50,000," and by adding to the first
seciion the following proviso :
Provided, however. That engineers in the regular
service ot the United States shall be employed ex-
clusively as engineers in the performance of the
