1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2215
questions that have agitated the Army ever
since it was an Army. I submit to him that
there are other reforms in that Army about
which he and others equally skilled with him
differ. I am in consonance with the gentle-
man, for he and I have talked over those mat-
ters, and I think with him that there are many
improvements that might be introduced into
the Army. But let me say to him that he, as a
prominent member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, when these reforms are suggested
to him, should at least attempt to introduce a
bill here to make those reforms, and not try to
hang a speech upon the subject on a bill mak-
ing but the ordinary appropriations provided
for by existing laws for the expenses of the
Army.
Now, in regard to some remarks of thg gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] I beg
leave to reserve what 1 may have to say in ref-
erence to them, inasmuch as he proposes to
revise those remarks. When he made them
he spoke upon data and made charges against
the Secretary of War, and delivered a pre-
pared oration, and started upon a fierce hunt
after him, and since then he has found out that
the fox which he thought he caught was not
the real genuine thing.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. DICKEY. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I found after I got through
that I had not told half the truth ; that the ex-
penditures of the quartermaster's department
were $108,000,000 instead of $60,000,000. The
Secretary of War to this day refuses to tell us
what those expenditures have been.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 am perfectly astonished
that the gentleman did not tell the half of the
truth. He generally tells the whole of it at
least.
Mr. BECK. You were much worse than I
had supposed.
Mr. DICKEY. I have no doubt that before
the gentleman gets through he will tell not
only all the truth, but much more than all,
though unbeknown to himself.
Mr. BECK. I will have to go a great deal
further than X have yet gone to get beyond
it.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Whitthorne] began his oration—
it has not yet appeared in the Globe, and there-
fore I have had no opportunity? of reading it—
by decrying armies and navies, by endeavor-
ing to show bow undemocratic .they are, how
little in consonance they are with our insti-
tutions, and thenecessity forgettingridof them
entirely. He followed that up to-day by an
array of figures which he has spoken hurriedly,
and I suppose no gentleman on this floor will
expect me or any one else to reply to them.
But I will state to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that the great mass of the American
people have no fear of that, old cry of the danger
of the regular Army. . There are a million of
disbanded soldiers in this country, better
soldiers than any the world ever beiore saw,
and they do not fear thirty thousand soldiers
of the regular Army.
No person in this broad land, except wrong-
doers, fears anything from this little Army of
thirty thousand men. No peaceable citizen
pursuing his ordinary vocation, leading an
honest life, and supporting the Government,
need fear or does fear anything from this little
Army. It is but the police force of millions
of men who stand behind it. The thirty thou- I
sand men composing this Army are scattered <
over a territory larger than that occupied by |
any army of the world. They are at more |
than two hundred and seventy different posts, j
No single regiment of the whole Army is found \
aggregated at any particular point. The men j
composing this military force are scattered
from Alas-ka to Key West—from our Maine J
boundary to the Mexican frontier. Some of
them are in the Indian territory. There are I
only three, four, or five thousand in the South-
ern States ; and this little force seems to excite
the ire of gentlemen on the other side, who cry
out against the tyranny of the Government—
a tyranny enforced by only three or four thou-
sand soldiers 1 It is not the number of the
men that excites tbem; it is not the Army; it
is nothing but the fact that those men bear the
national flag, wear the national uniform, and
are there as the representatives of the national
authority.
Now, sir, I had not intended to say this
much. In discussing upon the Army appro-
priation bill the politics of the country, I have
followed the bad example of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Si.ocum,] the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. WhitthornU. ]
I resume my seat, and ask that we proceed to
the reading of the bill by sections.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beit enacted by the Senate and lloute of IZepreient-
ativet of the United Staten of America in Conoreti
assembled, That the following sums be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending J une 30, 1873:
Fur the expenses of the Commanding General's
officc, $5,000.
Mr. BECK. I move to strike out the enact-
ing clause of this. bill.
Mr. DICKEY. That motion comes too late.
The enacting clause has been passed.
Mr. DAWES. And the motion, if in order,
is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. BECK. Then I move to strike out tjhe
pending paragraph. I make this motion in
order to show that the War Department, under
existing circumstances, is not entitled to have
any appropriation made for it. Reference has
been made in general debate to-day by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,]
when 1 could not reply, to the resolutions which
I introduced some time ago, calling upon the
Secretary of War for information as to sales
of property and the disposition of its proceeds,
and it is now said that I made an attack upon
that officer when there was no necessity for it,
because he had, in fact, at the time I spoke,
satisfactorily answered the inquiry. 1 deny
that statement. I made no personal attack
upon the Secretary, and my resolution has not
been properly answered'. The resolution called
upon the Secretary of War for information as
to the expenditures of the War Department in
excess of appropriation during the last six
years, and for an account of the sales of public
property and the disposition made of the pro-
ceeds of sale. He failed to give the informa-
tion, contenting himself in the first place
with sending an evasive reply. On.the receipt
of that response this House on my motion
adopted a secondresolution demanding the in-
formation ; and on the day on which this bill was
introduced, when I made the statement referred
to, the Secretary's answercamein, without the
knowledge of the gentleman managing this bill,
and without my knowledge. Themoment I was
advised that any response had been madelgave
the Secretary credit for it. Just here let me
say that it was on that occasion stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
thai- a communication had been received
from the President of the United States, in
answer to my resolution adopted two months
before, relative to the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus in South Carolina. Upon
that statement 1 assumed such to be the fact,
although the result proved that it was not, but
nobody intimated that the Secretary of War
had sent any reply. The Secretary of theNavy,
who had been called upon for similar inform-
ation as to the sales of property made by his
Department, more than two mouths ago, has
not yet answered.
The Secretary of the Treasury was called
upon by two several resoluiions at the same
time for a statement of the amounts expended
by those two Departments, so far as the
Treasurer's books would show. He has notyet
answered. It seems like drawing eye-teeth to
get any information as to illegal expenditures
of money by any official. I charged that the
amount expended m the quartermaster's de-
partment was $60,000,000, and in the Ord-
nance Bureau, $17,000,000 ; and I insisted that
the Representatives of the people had a right
to know what was done with that money. The
Secretary, in response to the second resolu-
tion, sends a general answer, in which he does
not condescend to tell us either what was done
with the money or what amount of property
was sold to produce the money expended. He
contents himself with a statement of three
lines, which shows, as I said to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] a few mo-
ments ago, that I had not told half the truth,
because the Department has spent so much
more than I had supposed, and is therefore in
that much worse position than I stated.
The Secretary wholly fails to tell us what
has been done with the money expended, ex-
cept to let us know that all proceeds of such
sales are gone, so that we cannot get them;
gone to pay what the officials of the War
Department choose to consider debts of the
various bureaus. He develops the fact that I
had greatly underestimated the magnitude
of the sales and expenditures made by the
quartermaster's bureau and others.
On page i of the Secretary's response (see
Executive Document No. 200) the following
official statement appears after the aggregate
sums ax-e set forth :
Making the total amount received by this De-
partment sinee June d0, 1805, in excess of its appro-
priations, 5107,959,418 62. All of this has been used
in payuienioi'iudobtedneas of the Department, ex-
cept, as before stated, (he sum ol $2,277,807 64.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ROBERT ALLEN,
A ''IXiuj Quartermaater, JJrec. Maj. Lieu, U. S. A.
lion. Secretary of Was.
It will thus be seen that the quartermaster's
department alone, leaving out all the others,
has m the last six years spent over one hun-
dred and five million dollars received from
public property sold, in addition to all appro-
priations made by Congress. We are not told
what debts have been paid, what evidence has
been required, what portion has gone to the
agents, lobbyists, and pets of the department.
The whole matter is summarily disposed of
with the statement "We have used it to pay
our debts," virtually saying it is none of your
business to require us to inform you what debts
we paid ; it is enough for you 'to know that
you cannot have any of the money to reappro-
pviate or diminish the burdens of taxation ; it
was our money, charged to us when the ori-
ginal appropriation was made, and we have a
right to sell the property committed to our
care at any price we please, and pay the pro-
ceeds to any friend we please, and to reject
all such claims as are presented by persons
either unfriendly to us, or who would not divide
fairly. This exhibit shows how hollow all
pretenses are that the expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the last six years can be ascer-
tained by examining the appropriations made
by Congress during those years, yet no mem-
ber of the majority has ever admitted that
there has been a dollar expended beyond what
the appropriation bills show.
1 want the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] or the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] or any other gentle-
man on the other side of the House to show
the authority under which ail this was done.
The quartermaster's department, as the Sec-
retary shows, sold $107,979,410 worth of pub-
lic property. The Surgeon General's depart-
ment sold $5,233,000 worth of property ; the
ordnance department sold §37,000,000; the
engineer's department about £6.000,000, and
the Freedmcn's Bureau about §2,000,000, as
