1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13X9>
It was impossible for us to take up tlie sub-
ject until the present session of Congress;
and during the whole of the present session
since the holidays until very lately, two mem-
bers of the Committee on Printing on the part
of the Senate have been absent in the sorviee
of the Senate in New York, and one of them
is now ill, and it is only now that we have
been able to present any bill to the Senate on
this subject. I make this statement in justice
to the committee.
One half of this Congress having expired,
the joint committee having had under consid-
eration various propositions lor reducing the
liulk and cost of the Globe, and not having
been able to agree upon any, the committee
on the part of the Senate thought it was best
to renew the existing contract, precisely as it
stands already, for the present Congress, with
these modifications: that the reduplication of
the indexes shall be avoided ; that instead of
being as now put in every volume, there shall
be only one index, which may be either in the
first volume of the Globe or in a separate
volume, as may be found best, and that the his-
tory of bills, which makes considerable bulk,
shall be omitted. That is a matter of conven-
ient reference to have ; but still that and the
duplication of the index amount to about
twenty-four hundred pages.
Mr. SUMNER. The index?
Mr. ANTHONY. The index and the his-
tory of the bills go with every volume, and
there were six or seven volumes of the Globe
at one sessiou of the last Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Still I would remind my
friend that these indexes, even in different
volumes, arc very useful.
Mr. ANTHON Y. They are very useful and
very convenient, no doubt.
Mr. SUMNER. I should be very reluctant
to part with them. I dare say the committee
has considered the matter, however.
Mr. ANTHONY. The saving effected by it
is $80,000a Cougrfst: raid it is a mere question
whether it is worth that or not. We thought
on the whole it was best to save this much, as
there was so much complaint of the expense
of the Globe, which has grown to be very
expensive. This bill appropriates 1 or the
Globe, for the existing Congress, three ses-
sions, $400,000.
I have a number of statements, figures, and
documents that I have no disposition to read
to the Senate unless some Senator wants to
know what they are.
Several Senators have asked me the mean-
ing of a report made to the House of Repre-
sentatives as to the expense of the Globe,
which I am notable to understand. According
to that report, the expense of the Globe for
the fiscal year 1861-62 is put down at $34,000;
the actual expense for that year was one hun-
dred and nine thousand and odd dollars. It
makes the expense for 1864 $24,000 ; the
actual expense for 1864 was $95,000. I do not
understand the tables in that report ; but it
contains a statement of amount paid to the
publishers of the Congressional^ Globe for
printing and advertising." There is no adver-
tising that I know of. " Al&o the amount
paid for publishing debates in Congress;"
"for reporting proceedings iu Congressional
Globe;" "for additional compensation for
leporters" and "for complete sets of Globe
and Appendix." These items are scattered
all over the tables, but added together they
bring about a correct result.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
introduced a resolution the other day, which
was referred to the Committee on Printing,
to know what method could be taken to dimin-
ish the cost of the Globe. The first and most
obvious method is to stop talking. [Laughter. J
That is what makes the Globe cost so much.
The Globe for the Thirty-Seventh Congress
contained 6,660 pages, and the Globe for the
Forty-First Congress contained 12,824 pages,
just about double, and the cost is in about the
same proportion, or rather a little more, be-
cause there are more mepbers of Congress.
During the Congresses when the southern
States were unrepresented the amount fell off
considerably.
Mr. POMEROY. If it would not interrupt
the Senator, I should like to ask him if the com-
mittee have investigated the question whether
it would be any saving to have the Globe printed
at the Government Printing Office; whether
that is practicable at all ?
Mr. ANTHONY. W e investigated that mat-
ter and made a report to Congress on it three
or four years ago. We then had an offer for
the printing of the debates from the present
contractors; we had proposals from a firm of
printers, I believe, in New York, and we had
an estimate of the cost at the Government
Printing Office from the Congressional Printer.
The cost at the Government, Printing Office
and the figures given by the New York parties
were about the same, and wore considerably
less than those of the Globe, I think about
thirty or forty thousand dollars less ; but upon
a very full debate in the Senate, the commit-
tee, who recommended that the work be done
at the Government Printing Office, were voted
down by a vote of two to one. It was the
opinion of the Senate, and also the opinion of
the House of Representatives, that the amount
which it was estimated would be saved by doing
the work at the Government Printing Office
was not worth the change; and although I was
voted down, for I took the other side, it is my
opinion now that we cannot profitably carry
the publication of the Globe to the Congres-
sional Printing Office. I do not tiling any
officer hoi ing Lis place by the votes of the
Senate could print the Globe. I think noth-
ing iu Fox's Book of Martyrs would be equal
to the sufferings which he would have to endure.
[Laughter.] I think if we are going to print
the Globe, we cannot do it any better tlnm the
way it is done now, unless there should be an
edited edition of the Globe, something like
Hansard's Debates. That would be a very
great saviug ; and it would be a great conven-
ience in many respects ; but I do not know the
man who would like to undertake the task of
editing the Globe. 1 would not do it for
$50,000 a year.
This bill appropriates $400,000 for the Globe
for the existing Congress, one half of which
has expired. 1 presume the Senate does not
need any further explanation ; but if it does,
I can give it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a proposition to
enter into a new contract for two years, which
will expire on the 4th of March, 1873, just as
our contracts expire now. I understand the
publishers of the Globe have been printing our
debatesnow for almostayear without any con
tract or understanding at all, at very great
expense to themselves. Of courso the expense
is very heavy.
Mr, ANTHONY. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars they have had to borrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, I understand, have been bor-
rowed to carry on the work. The contract
under this bill will expire when the new Con-
gress begins. It seems to mo that the contract
ought to be carried over long enough to allow
the next Congress to make some other arrange-
ment if they think proper. It requires a great
deal of preparation to be ready the day Con-
gress meets to go on with such a work. I sug-
gest to the Senatorfrom Rhode Island whether
there ought not to be a provision in the bill lhat
this contract shall continue, unless some other
arrangement be made, until the end ot the first
session of the next Congress, if you please. It
seems to me that would be proper. No men
ought to be left m the situation these gentle-
men have been in. It is prejudicial to the pub-
lic interest, and private parties cannot be ex-
pected to do it. Suppose these gentlemen had
not gone on and made their arrangements when
we met, as they did, how should we have been ?
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator from.
Illinois that there is no session of Congress
now commencing on the 4th of March; that
has been abolished ; and no printing of this
kind would be done until the new .Congress
meets in December.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is right;
but if the contract is not made before we
adjourn ou the 4th of March, there will be no
contract when we meet in December. Would
it not be better to say that the contract shall
continue until the end of the first session of
the next Congress unless some other arrange-
ment be made in the meantime? Is there any
objection to that?
Mr. ANTHONY. I see n-o objection to that
proposition. Perhaps I ought not to say—
and yet I can see no harm in saying—that the
Committee on Printing are not entirely agreed
as to what measures shall be taken, if any, for
reducing the cost of the Globe, although, as
my colleague upon the committee on the other
side ot' the Chamber [Mr. Casserm] knows
very well, we have had the subject under delib-
eration frequently, and we unite in a desire
that something shall be done to diminish the
cost of it; but so long as Senators and Repre-
sentatives desire to have a complete record of
the history of the legislation of the country, it
is a very difficult matter to say what shall be
left out. There is a great deal that might be
left out; but it is like a dictionary, if anything
were left out, the very word that you looked
for would not be there, and the value of the
book, of course, depends very much upon its
completeness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask, as to the question of expense, whether
the committee have considered the practica-
bility or utility of cutting off the large supply
of these volumes for distribution?
Mr. ANTHONY. That would be one means
of economy, and a very material means.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A very
saving might be effected in that way.
Mr. AN THONY. Very large indeed, in-
deed, if there should be no Globes printed for
distribution, or if the number should be dimin-
ished, the cost would be diminished largely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have been
very clearly of opinion for a long time that we
ought not to print the Globe in its present
condition for so general a distribution as we
provide for at present.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the Senator is aware
that so far the Globe has been printed on the
old numbers; up to this time the printing has
been going on constantly, and the old numbers
have been printed, and I suppose we should
be fairly bound to pay for them; and they
would be of very little value unless completed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no
reference to what has been done; but for the
future I suggest whether it is worth while
to continue the practice of the publication
of large numbers of a work that has swollen
to such gigantic proportions. I believe for
the second session of the Forty-First Congress
we had seven volumes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Eleven volumes in all
for the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For one single
session I think we had seven volumes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Twelve thousand eight
hundred and twenty-four pages in the Forty-
First, against sixty-live hundred and sixty
pages in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and
an increase of cost about corresponding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I can well un-
derstand that so perfect a record as the Globe
is, and will continue to be always in this coun-
try, of very great importance, and that a cer-
tain number should be printed; but that we
should print so large a number for anything
like general distribution, or for a distribution
so general as that which now obtains, it seems
to me is very questionable.
