1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
duties contemplated by this act without any addi-
tional salary, and the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to make the necessary details of engineers
for that purpose.
I offer these as distinct propositions, to be
voted on separately.
Mr. BANKS. I have an amendment to
offer which takes precedence of those. It is
to so amend the joint resolution as to make it
in the form of a bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct that
to be done; it will be engrossed as a bill. The
question will first be taken on the proviso.
The question was put on the proviso; and
there "were—ayes seventy-eight, noes not
counted.
Mr. BANKS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that proviso. It would defeat the object
of the bill.
Mr. MORGAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays. If gentlemen want a record let them
make it.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
No further count being insisted upon, the
amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Holman, to strike out
"$100,000," and to insert in lieu thereof,
"$50,000."
Mr. RANDALL. The adoption of the pro-
viso renders t,he large amount originally asked
for unnecessary, and therefore there is great
propriety in the amendment now pending,
and which I think should be adopted.
Mr. MORGAN. That is a mistake. If even
the engineer department shall be able to detail
from its own corps the officers necessary to
perform this duty, it will reduce the estimate
only about $25,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to move
an apendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the sum to be
inserted in lieu of that proposed to be stricken
out, $75,000 instead of $50,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the question shall be
taken upon my proposition to insert $50,000
in lieu of.$100,000, and the House should vote
that down, would it then be in order to move
to insert $75,000?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in order. The previous question is not
pending, and the bill is open to amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw my
amendment to the amendment for the present.
The question again recurred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. IIolman, to reduce the
appropriation to $50,000, and being taken, on
a division, there were—ayes 07, noes68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 89,
not voting 53; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Barber,
Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Burdett, Caldwell, Coraingo, Con-
ner, Cox, Critcher, Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Bon-
nan, Du Bose, Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Finkelnburg,
Forker, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz,
Golladny, Griffith, Ilaldeman, Ilambleton, Han-
cock, llandley, Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris,
John X. Harris, llay. Gerry YV. Hazleton, Horn don,
Hibbard, Holman. Killingcr, King, Lewis, Lowe,
Lynch. Man^on. McClelland, McCormick, Mclntyre,
McJunkin.McNeely,Merriam,Benjamin F.Meyers,
Morey. Niblack, Packer, Hosea W. Barker, Price,
Kandall, Re;i<I, John M. Rice, Ellis II. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Roosovelt, Scofield, Shanks,
Sheldon^ Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Shoe-
maker, blater,Sloss, II. Boardman Smith, Ii. Milton
Speer. Thomas J. Speer, Sprague. Storm. Terry,
Van Trump, Vauehan, Voorhees, Wakeman, WaL-
den, Waldron, Wells, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M.Wilson, Winchester, and Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, AveriU, Banks,
Barry, Beveridge, Bingham, George M. Brooks,
BuSinton, Burchard, Carroll, William T. Clnrke,
Coburn, Conger, Cotton. Dawes, Dickey, Duell, Bun-
nell, Eames, Edwards, Farnsworth. Farweil, Charles
Foster, Frve, Goodrich, Hale, Harrner, Havens,
Hawley, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Kerr,
Ketcham, Lamport. Lansing, Marshall, Maynard,
McGrew, Mercur, Mitchell, Monroe^ Moore, Mor-
gan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Isaac
U. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli
Perry, Poland. Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Edward Y.
Rice. Rusk, Sawyer, Siocum Joan A. Smith, Worth-
mgton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Strong, Swarm, Sypher, Taffe. Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twicbell,
Tyner, Upson, Waddell, Wallace. Walls, Wheeler,
Whiteley. Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New
York, and Wood-89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Beck. Bigby,
Austin Blair, James Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell", Freeman
Clarke. Cobb, Coghlan, Crebs, Creely, lie Large,
Dox. Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Halsey. Hays, John
W. Hazleton, Hereford, Hooper, Kellogg, Kendall,
Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, McCrary, Mcllenry, Mc-
Kee, McKinney, Merrick, Morphis, Palmer, Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Potter, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers,
Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Starkweather. Stevens,
St. John, Sutherland, Thomas, Tuthill, Warren,
and John T. Wilson—53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MORGAN said: I desire to state that
Mr. McKinney, my colleague, is absent on
account of indisposition.
The bill (H. R. No. 1056) as amended was
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
On the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPORTATIONS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which, under
the law, was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand extra conies of the
communication of the Secretary of the Treasury in
reference to importations used m the arts andmanu-
factuies of the United States be printed for the use
of the House.
LEAVE OF AliSENCJS.
Mr. HARMER was granted leave of absence
for three days.
Mr. PLATT was granted leave of absence
for three days.
Mr. TUTHILL was granted leave of ab-
sence for four days.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARKE, of Texas: The petition
of M. G. Anderson, of Bexar county, Texas,
for the removal of his political disabilities. .
By Mr. DUNNELL: A petition asking for
a post route from Winona to Rushfotd, Min-
nesota ; also, for post route from VV'inona to
Lyria, Minnesota; also, from Okabena, Min-
nesota, to Spirit Lake, Iowa.
By Mr. HOAR: The memorial of the New
York Reform League, for the establishment
of a national system of public schools.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of John E. Parkman, late captain's
clerk in the United States Navy, for his share
of prize captures made by the United States
steamer Aries while he was a prisoner to the
rebels in 1801.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of George
I<\ Tracy, of Bridgeport, Connecticut, for re-
lief in case of stolon stamps.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of G. W.
Lanson and others, residents of Kansas, pen-
sioners. praying for the passage of a bill pro-
viding for the payment of pensions by post-
By Mr. MAYNARD: A resolution of the
Chamber of Commerce, Memphis, Tennessee,
to increase the pay of letter-carriers.
Also, the memorial of H. L. Bradley, citi-
zen, of Knoxville, Tennessee, for compensation
for one dwelling-house torn down by order of
Major General Burnside in the year 1863.
Also, the memorial of Robert D. .Toroutmou,
citizen, of Knoxville, Tennessee, for compen-
sation for destruction of dwelling house. &c.,
during the siege in 1863.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of Charles
Benz, Frederick Rockendoerfer, and others,
citizens of Alleghany City, Pennsylvania, deal-
ers in and manufacturers of wines and liquors,
praying for a change of the laws assessing and
collecting taxes thereon, &c.
Also, the petition of Henry T. Schutte, of
Zehenople, Pennsylvania, praying that his name
may be placed on the pension-roll.
Also, the petition of Lewis Rud, George
Burckart and 52 others, citizens of Zelienople,
Pennsylvania, praying the granting a pension
to Henry T. Schutte.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of J.
Rinaldo, Sank & Co., Frishmuth, Brothers &
Co., Sivoyer & Keim, L. Bamberger & Co.,
Batchelor Brothers, Wartman & Engelman,
and 24 others, manufactures, dealers, and
growers of tobacco, asking the passage of a law
establishing a uniform rate of tax on all man
ufactured tobacco of sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. NiBLACK: The memorial of John
J. Hays, a store-keeper of bonded warehouse,
class three, numbered one, atEvansville, Indi-
ana, praying for compensation as such store-
keeper.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. Mary C. Bell, of
Evansville, Indiana, mother of David N. Bell,
deceased, late a lieutenant in the United States
Navy, praying an increase of her pension.
By Mr. PBwDLE i'ON : A memorial of 118
citizens of Rhode Island, for an appropriation
for the improvement of the channel of Provi-
dence river, and for establishing a light on the
"pyramid," situated at Bullock's Point.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of James
A. Drew, asking compensation for himself and
others for land lost to the petitioners under the
treaty of Washington.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: A petition of 94
citizens of Kingston, Luzerne county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking the passage of House bill No.
660, entitled '"A bill granting bounty land to
certain persons engaged in the military and
naval service of the United States from and
after the 4th day of March, 1861."
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania: A
remonstrance of the iron-workers in the em-
ploy of J. B. Moorhead & Co., against a change
in the tariff laws.
_ By Mr. WALDRON: Thepetition of Catha-
rine Ross, of Detroit, for a pension.
Also, the petition of J. G. McBride & Co.,
of Monroe, Michigan, for a uniform tax on to-
bacco of sixteen cents per pound.
BILLS JNTHODUCED.
The following were presented under the rule,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. IIANDLEY: A bill to establish a
post route between Dadeville and Dudleyville,
in Tallapoosa county, Alabama.
Also, a bill to establish a post route between
Ashland, in Clay county, via Pinkney ville, to
Rockford, in Coosa county, Alabama.
IN SENATE
Wednesday, January 17, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Buti.ek, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that if no Sen-
ator desires to hear those minutes read, the
further reading be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the further read-
ing of the .) ournal was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
