424
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Senate a letter from the late Attorney Gen-
eral, transmitting, in compliance with law, his
annual report for the year 1871; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND KMORIALS.,
Mr. POMEROY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Moses B. Bramhall
for the payment of certain moneys which he
alleges are due to him by the Government of
the United States; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KELLY presented a memorial of J. S.
White, H. Bowman, J. H. McArthur, Samuel
Hannah,and three hundred and seventy others,
citizens of Umatilla and Union counties, Ore-
gon, praying Congress to grant land to aid in
the construction of the Portland, Dalles, and
Salt Lake railroad ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FENTON. I present a petition from
members of the Society of Friends of New
York city, and another from members of the
Society of Friends in Columbia county, New
York, to the same effect, asking for an amend-
ment to the Constitution to provide that no
candidate shall hereafter be elected to any
Federal office who is addicted to the use of
intoxicating liquors as a beverage. I move
the reference of these petitions to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I present a petition signed
by a number of citizens of Bangoi, Maine,
some of them citizens of prominence, praying
for the reduction of the tariff to a revenue
basis, and for the immediate repeal of the
duties on salt, coal, and pig iron. I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
Charles W. Peirce and others, of Philadel-
phia, similar in character to the memorials
presented by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Fextox,] asking for an amendment to
the Constitution providing that no candidate
shall hereafter be eligible to any Federal
oflice who is addicted to the use of intoxi-
cating liquors; also a similar memorial from
Thomas Morrell and others, citizens of Wil-
mington, Delaware; also a similar memorial
from Edwin Blackburn and others, of Balti-
more. I move their reference to the Com-
iuH.ee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present petitions
from citizens of Baltimore. Philadelphia, and
Wilmington, Delaware, asking for the prohi-
bition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors. 1 move their
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of Moses Anderson and seventy-five others,
of Greencastle, Pennsylvania, praying for the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill;
also a petition from colored citizens of Florida,
praying Congress to pass what is known as the
supplementary civil rights bill. I move that
these petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
signed by a large number of the members of
the General Assembly of Virginia, which is
very brief. They '' respectfully petition and
solicit the passage by your honorable body of
the act entitled 'An act to protect all citizens
of the United States in their civil rights, and
to furnish the means of their vindication.' that,
being the title of a bill presented by Hon.
Mr. Scmxer, of Massachusetts, and your peti-
tioners will ever pray." This is signed by a
large number of senators and a large number
of members of the house of delegates of Vir-
ginia, ; I do not count them, but the number is
considerable. I move that the petition lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
of the central committee of the German-Amer-
ican Teachers' Association, signed by their
chairman, Ph. J. Klund, and countersigned by
their secretary, Feodor Thurm, in which they
say that the American Teachers' Convention,
assembled in St. Louis in August last, have
resolved to petition Congress " with a view to
have the present land policy of the United
States changed in such a manner as to dis-
continue donations of public lands to moneyed
corporations, and to devote the proceeds of
such lands as are not taken up under the home-
stead act to the improvement of the school
system of our country, and especially to the
foundation and sustenance of a great model
normal school or university." They then set
forth under eight different heads the reasons
for this dedication of our great stational domain
to the purposes of education. I move the ref-
erence of the petition to the Committee on
Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I present resolutions, in the
nature of a memorial, which were adopted at
a meeting of colored citizens of Philadelphia,
on Monday evening, January 15, in favor of
the speedy passage of the supplementary civil
rights bill. I move that they be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a memorial of
the Radical Reform Club of Philadelphia, call-
ing attention to the condition of the ocean com-
merce of the United States, giving data in
relation to exports and imports, asserting that
our own merchants and ship-owners should
control the world's commerce in a proportion
at least equal to that borne by the exports of
our products to the importation of goods con-
sumed, citing the example of the French tariff
establishing differential duties, and asking for
the modification of the existing tariff laws, so
that on all goods, wares, and merchandise
imported in Ameiican bottoms there shall be
an allowance equal to a reduction of ten per
cent, on existing duties. I move the reference
of this memorial to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCO TT. I also present the memorial
of sundry citizens of Philadelphia, workers in
the Excelsior Stove and Hollow-Ware Works,
respectfully remonstratmgagamst a change of
the existing tariff laws, reducing or abolishing
the duties on such articles as are successfully
produced in this country, and asking that the
duty upon tea, coffee, and such other articles
of necessity or comfort as cannot be produced
in the United States, be repealed. I move the
reference of this memorial to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition ofSamuel
Pennockand others, citizens ofChestercounty,
Pennsylvania, asking for an amendment of the
Constitution providing that no person shall
hereafter be eligible to any Federal office who
is addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors
as_a beverage ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Chandler
Darlington and others, citizens of Chester
county, Pennsylvania, asking for prohibitory
legislation for the suppiession of the sale,
manufacture, and importation of intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LEWIS presented additional papers in
leferenceto the claim of William L. Anderson,
of Rockingham county, Virginia, praying pay-
ment for services rendered to the United
States during the late rebellion ; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
members of the bar of Wyandotte county,
Kansas, praying that terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Kansas be held in the city of Leav-
enworth ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the pe-
tition of Josephine 0. Likens, of New Jersey,
widow of Edwin S. Likens, late a soldier of
the United States Army, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the memorial of Edward H. Calvert, praying
compensation for the injury done his property
in Washington, District of Columbia, by the
construction of Fort Wagner thereon ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON. I present a letter "of the
secretary of the National Board of Trade,
transmitting a resolution adopted by that
board requesting the President of the United
States to lay before Congress forpublicationthe
correspondence which has passed between the
Governments of the United States and Great
Britain relating to the dues now collected
in the latter country from merchant shipping
for the support of light-houses and beacons,
with a view to renewing the application of our
own Government, at the proper time, for the
relief of the shipping interest from these
charges, and for the maintenance of the light-
house system of Great Britain from the public
revenue in accordance with the policy and
practice of the Government of the United States,
which has lighted its coasts and harbors for
the free use of the ships of all nations. I
move the reference of this paper to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a resolution
adopted by colored citizens of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, at a mass meeting, praying for
the passage of the supplementary civil rights
bill; which was ordered to tie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of b. C.
Heylin, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing indemnification for loss of property by
French spoliations prior to the year 1801;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented the memorial of Arthur
G. Coffin, president of the Insurance Com-
pany of North America, praying indemnifica-
tion for loss of property by French spoliations
prior to the year 1801; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Pennsylvania, stationers, booksellers, and job
printers, protesting against the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of John Dev-
ereux, president of the board of trustees of the
Philadelphia ice-boats, asking the passage of
a law exempting certain ice-boats from boiler
inspection under the law ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. FENTON. I offer the following order:
Ordered, That John Allen Birckhend and others,
heirs of Alexander Watson, have leave to withdraw
the papers in relation to their claim from the files
of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What claim is that? Has
it been reported upon?
Mr. FENTON. This order was nlacod in
my hands by a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives from New York, who states that
the case was not adversely acted upon here,
and has been taken up in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the papers are desired to be
withdrawn for the purpose of presentation
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The order was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and accompanying
papers of Mrs. Mary J. McMullen be withdrawn
from the files of the Senato and referred to tho Com-
mittee on Claims.
