1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. ANTHONY. I think tlie point the
Senator from Maine raises is very well taken,
and we have considered it in committee some
what; but we had not thought it was applica-
ble to the existing Congress. I have no objec-
tion to having the contract lap over; but we
thought it would bo more acceptable to the
Senate, and perhaps more aceoptable to the
other branch of Congress, if it was limited to
the present Congress, and in the mean time the
Coinmittoe on Printing can be occupied with
the consideration of a new contract before this
expires; but I have no objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois.
In further response to what the Senator from
Maine has observed, I will say that I have
twice been engaged in the discussion of this
matter in the Senate, and the Globe is very
strong in both Houses of Congress. The opin-
ion of the value of the record is very great,
and it is certainly a historical record of
immense importance. What would we give
now if we could have the verbatim debates
of the old Congress under the Confederation,
of the Convention that framed the Constitu-
tion, and of the early Congresses where the
Constitution was interpreted by the men who
framed it? These would be of inestimable
value to us, a value that cannot be reckoned
in money; and yet the time will conic when
the discussions of Congress now will bo as
important to posterity as those that took place
so long ago are to us.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thoroughly
agree to that, and 1 would suggest that we
accomplish everything that is desirable to be
accomplished if we print this as a public docu-
ment to be distributed to the several States or
to some public institutions or libraries of the
several States to be preserved for reference.
It is not a document, either in its general
character or m detail, suitable for general
distribution; and for general distribution it
is of very little value. Some persons like
to have seven volumes of books done up so
nicely as these, but when you come really to
the intrinsic value to them they are of very
little use to such people.
The VICE PRKSIDMNT. The amendment
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
will now be reported.
The Cm up Ci.kuk. The proposed amend-
ment is to insert at the end of the bill the
following:
That the contract entered into under
tliiH not. sh.ill not expire bef'uro tho oloso ot' tho first
session of tho next, Conk't'e.-s, unless it bo otherwise
provided by law.
Mr. CORISETT. In regard to the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine. I would remind
the Senate that the law which formerly pro-
vided that every new member of Congress
should have a full set of the Globes has been
repealed. Therefore there are not near as
many Globes published as formerly; and now
as the Globes are only furnished as they are
published to the members of Congress for dis-
tribution to the country, there will not be any
too many Globes under the present law and
the present number printed. I presume every
Senator sends them to the public libraries in
the first place in preference to any individual;
at least t do, and 1 do not think we ought to
reduce the number.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Illinois will, on reflection, withdraw that amend-
ment. It is in that way that the Globe has
been continued at several Congresses. The
report of the committee does exact justice to
the publishers of the Globe; it continues this
contract during the whole of the present Con-
gress, leaving a chance during this Congress
to devise some better scheme for the iuture.
Everybody feels that the publishers of the Globe
have done t hfcir duty; b.U. everybody feels also
the Globe is too bulky and ought to be reduced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator. I understand that the old con-
tract provided that it should continue unless
notice was given. Perhaps that would accom-
plish the same object now. The Senator sees
what my purpose is. It is not to place the
parties in a position where they will not know
whether they are to go on with the work or
not. Something should be provided against
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no doubt that
the publishers of the Globe will go on under
the present system until another one is made ;
and here is the point: the Committee on Print-
ing ought to address themselves to the task of
reducing the bulk of the Globe; and it can be
done. Why, sir, the intelligent reporters who
report our daily proceedings could leave off
about one third of what is said without any-
body finding fault; because I take it that no
one would care to preserve for all time to come
our debates upon matters relative to the order
of business, as to whether we should take up
this bill or that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think there
would be much left of the intelligent report-
ers the next day after the Globe came out with
suoha curtailment of our debates. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Anybody could reduce
the bulk of these debates one third without
any one here feeling wronged, 1 think. If you
were to go beyond that, there probably might
be some complaint. I trust, as the committee
have carefully considered this matter and
provided for the present Congress, done jus-
tice to the publishers of tho Globe, we will
still stand there, and let the committee pursue
their investigations as to whether a compen-
dium of our debates would not be all that pos-
terity would require of Congress. I hope,
therefore, the Senator from Illinois will with-
draw the amendment, and let the bill pass just
as it is reported. Let us have time enough to
consider the subject betore any future arrange-
ment is provided for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not press the
amendment if there is going to be any objec-
tion particularly to it; but it seemed to me so
unjust to allow a repetition of the present stale
of affairs that I thought it would strike every
Senator, particularly the Senator Irom Ohio,
lie says these parties will go oil and get ready.
There are very few parties that could do it.
There are very few parties in the country that
could command the necessary means to have
gone on, as these gentlemen have for nearly a
year, borrowing, as it, seems, $150,000 to go
on with the work ; and we ought not to put
auybody in that situation.
Mr. SHURMAN. I tell the Senator why I
desire that this contract, should not bo contin-
ued in the mode proposed by his amendment.
1 do not want the publishers of the Globe
interested in preventing the action ot Congress
on the subject. Let tho committee who have
charge of this matter keep our power over the
contract; let the committee consider the mat-
ter of changes in this contract and in the mode
of publishing the Globe. 1 do not wish to
deprive the publishers of their business; I
think they can do this work cheaper and better
than anybody else ; but I do not want to put
it in their power or to make it their interest to
prevent any changes being made that we may
wish to make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not, either. That
is not my object. My simple object was that
if nothing was done they might know that
they were to go on. 1 do not wish to put it
out of the power of Congress, however. If
there is opposition to the amendment, 1 will
not press it; and I withdraw the amendment.
I will, however, make one additional observa-
tion. I hope, before this Congress expires,
the Senator from Ohio will insist himself that
there shall be some understanding as to the
next Congress, and not leave it in this situation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; that is what
I desire. I do not want to embarrass the com-
mittee, however, in making future arrange-
ments, and hence I object to the amendment.
The'VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
has been withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island one question about
this bill; and that is, whether the provision we
have introduced hitherto, under the authority
of law, into the contract, to provide for having
our own reporters, and not those that might
be thrust upon us, is still retained?
Mr. ANTHONY. That provision is re-
tained. The committee were too well aware
of the disposition of the Senate on that point
to introduce a bill authorizing a contract
without that provision, which fully meets the
approbation of the committee as well as of
the Senate ; that is, that the reporters shall
be mutually agreeable to the contractors and
to the Senate, as is the case now. 'The con-
tractors appoint the reporters, but the Senate,
through the committee, have a right to reject
them if they are not satisfactory. That pro-
vision which is in the existing contract will be
literally followed in the contract to be made.
The contract is to be made precisely like the
existing one with the exception of the redu-
plication of the indexes. I agree with my
friend from Massachusetts that there is very
great valuein the reduplication of the indexes;
but there has been so much objection made
to the cost of the Globe that the committee
thought it would meet the views of the Senate
better to secure some little economy; and
$>30,000 is worth saving these times. There
is a bill, I think, laid upon our tables, reported
in the other House, for reducing the numbers
of the Globe very much, thus cutting down
the cost, I think, quite one half. That can be
done if Congress does not want to print large
numbers.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am glad the Senator
from Illinois withdrew his amendment. I quite
agree with the Senator from Ohio that a con-
tract terminating with this Congress, that is to
say, on the 4th of March, 1873, is fair to the
publishers of the Globe, and wholesome in its
operation. Besides the economy in forbidding
the republication of the index with each vol-
ume of the Globe, so as to have but one index
for each session of Congress, there are, 1 think,
other economies, and I believe the chairman
ol tho committee will agree with me, which
would be very desirable. One of them, for
instance, ia to forbid the printer from repeat-
ing laws, memorials, and resolutions. One
printing of a law, or a memorial, or a resolu-
tion, or anything of that nature, should be
sufficient. Whatever the extent of the debate,
it can be referred to either by the page where
it is first printed, or by its number. I think
it is very much to be desired that there should
be something in the nature of an editing of
the Globe. Those who have not looked into
it attentively perhaps have but an inadequate
idea of how much space there is constantly
occupied in that publication, at considerable
expense, by matters that could be greatly con-
densed, and by a great many more matters,
such as discussions arising upon the mere order
of business, that might be wholly omitted with
profit. I presume all these things can be re-
garded in the making of the contract proposed
by the bill offered by the chairman of the com-
mittee, and I believe the sum of the whole
will be to save a considerable amount in point
of expenditure. '
I will remark that with reference to the
purchase by Congress of the back sets of the
Globe for distribution to members who have
not had any, it is a subject which has been
a good deal before the committee, especially
during the last Congress. The chairman and
myself have always opposed the incurring of
any such expense. So that is one source of
expense which, for the present at least, unless
Congress shall order otherwise, is cut off. I
quite agree with the suggestion made by some
one, perhaps the Senator from Maine, that the
