3112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Mr. SCOTT. Is it in order to move to
amend as I indicated, by inserting the words
"to recover money," inline four, after the
word " claim?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order.
Mr. SCOTT. I move, then, to insert those
words, so that the clause will read :
That if any person who shall have been a mem-
ber of Congress, or shall have held an office in any
executive department of the Government to which
he was appointed or elected, shall hereafter act as
attorney, solicitor, or agent in the prosecution of
any claim to recover money against the United
States in such Department, within two years after
the day at which he ceased to be such officer, &c.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. I understood the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania to offer this amend-
ment with a special view to the Patent Office.
That was the point that he made, that this sec-
tion would prevent a member of Congress
from arguing a case before the Commissioner
ak PofontQ
Mr. SCOTT. And the Land Office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Patent Office was
the one referred to. Now, as to the Patent
Office, the law is plain. Members of Congress
are not now prohibited from arguing causes
there, because everything there is not a claim
against the United States any more than a
suit pending in the Supreme Court is. The
United States stands merely as the judge in
a matter of interference or of grant between
private parties; and so it has always been held
that the existing law against members of Con-
gress arguing causes did not apply there at
all, for the Government had no interest in it;
it was of no consequence to the Government
which way the matter was decided. So it has
been the practice ever since that law was
passed, and before, for members of Congress
who were counselors at law, as they might
happen to be retained, to urgue causes there
just as they would in the Supreme Court.
It does not fall within the mischief of the act
of 1863, if that is the date of it, and does not
fall within its letter, and therefore never has
been held either in morals or law to fall within
the condemnation of that act. So much for
the Patent Office. So this amendment is
entirely unnecessary as to that.
When you come to the Land Office, I think
it would be just as great an abuse for a mem-
ber of Congress who had put himself in rela-
tions in the course of his duties, as members
of Congress must with all these Departments
in the course of his rightful duties in taking
care of his constituents, with the Commissioner
of the Land Office ortheheadsof his bureaus ;
it is just as much against just policy, and
against the protection of the people, who have
some rights as well as claimants, to allow a
member of Congress, or a member of a De-
partment, to undertake the land-grant busi-
ness before the Commissioner of the Laud
Office as it would be to undertake the money
business in the Treasury Department proper.
I think this amendment ought not to be
adopted for the reason that I have stated, that
as far as it applies to the Patent Office it has
no application at all, for members of Congress
may lawfully and morally practice there now ;
in the other department, in the Land Office,
which has been named, I think the mischief is
just as great as it is in taking monev out of the
Treasury.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not remember the lan-
guage of the act of Congress which prohibits
members of Congress from practicing in any
ol the Departments in cases of claims against
the Government. Ihe purpose of my amend-
ment was simply to accomplish the very thing
which the Senator from Vermont say3 is the
ruling of the Departments. I gave the Patent
Office and the Land Office simply as illustra-
tions, not intending by any means to convey
the idea that any member of a Department
or any member of Congress might go there
urging the land-grant business, and instancing
a ease in which a conflict of private rights might
arise in the Land Office, where A may claim
a patent and B may claim a patent for the
same land, a conflict of rights; the demand
is in form for a patent from the United States;
it is a demand against the United States for a
patent although private rights only are in-
volved in the demand. Now, I wish to avoid
the construction which might be put upon this
act to debar a man from representing private
rights of that character in sueh a contest in
the Patent Office or in the Land Office.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my. friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why is it not just as
pernicious to allow that thing to be done in
the Patent Office as anywhere else? Is the
Commissioner of Patents exempted from influ-
ence any more than the Commissioner of the
Land Office? Has he not as good a heart,
as kind a feeling, and does he not sympathize
with his friends just as tnuch? If those qual-
ities of the heart are objectionable to a man
in office,say so, and turn all that class of men
out.
Mr. SCOTT. I am not discussing either
the qualities of the heart or the head of the
Commissioner of Patents or the Commissioner
of the Land Office ; but the fundamental idea
of this legislation is to prevent parties who
have been in the Departments from using the
information they get there to enforce claims
against the Government, not to deprive pri-
vate parties of their knowledge, or the skill,
or the evidence which may be in the posses-
sion of those parties to enable them to enforce
their rights. A private party is entitled to any
evidence that will defeat his adversary or en-
force his own claim, and what I wish here to
do is not to permit this act to be so construed
as to drive these parties away fiom the advo-
cacy of the rights of private parties in these
Departments.
Mr. STEWART. I have been looking at
this matter, and I cannot see how this section
can possibly do any good in any event. I can-
not see that there is anything in it that will
prevent any rascality at all. I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont to its
language, because I am anxious to reach the
same object that he is; hot I do not think
this amendment will reach it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ifmyfriend will pardon
me, it is almost now, as perfected by the Sena-
tor from Iowa_, in terms like a bill reported
from the Judiciary Committee, with the assent
of my friend, two or three years ago.
Mr. STEWART. I may have assented to
it, but on reflection I do not think it reaches
any purpose. The object is to prevent collu-
sion and fraud in the Departments. If a per-
son is an honest man, and simply goes around
attending to routine business and does not do
anything wrong, you do not want to touch him
and deprive him of his bread. If he is an
honest man, he will obey this law. If he is a
dishonest man, it will accomplish no good, for
he will soon find out a very plain way to do
the very same thing and evade your law. He
can go to his friend in the Department, if he
has one, and he can make his arrangement
outside, and can then send a most respectable
looking man to make the formal application.
This section will not prevent such things at all.
It will not drag such a transaction to light.
I repeat, Mr. President, the great difficulty
in the Departments, the great evil that has
grown up, is these ex parte applications and
hearings. I know of no case that has been
complained of in which the United States
was interested where, if the Attorney Gen-
eral had been notified and had been present,
the thing would not have been stopped.
Where the United States is not interested,
for instance, with regard to a patent for land,
where there is a controversy, the most out-
rageous injustice is done necessarily by the
practice, even if the officers are ever so hon-
est, of allowing ex parte hearings.
The whole theory of justice is that both
sides shall be heard. _ If you can break up the
ex parte practices in the- Departments you
have reached the real evil. Where there is a
claim against the Government of any consid-
erable amount, fix the amount, and say that
the Attorney General shall be notified, and
he shall be summoned there to argue the
cause on behalf of the Government, it never
should be heard ex parte under any circum-
stances. If private rights are involved, the
party should be notified, and the ex parte
practice should be stopped. There is where
the evil is. If you pass_ this law, an honest
man may do only routine business, but a
man who is a rascal may go to his friend in
the Department and make an arrangement
with him, and then send his substitute to
appear in the Department, because if he is bad
enough and the officer of the Department is
bad enough to commit fraud on the Govern-
ment, they are bad enough to meet on the
outside and talk it over, and make arrange-
ments for evading your law. You propose to
send a man to the State's prison because you
say if he is allowed to practice there he is
liable to commit a fraud. I say if be has any
desire to commit fraud there is no necessity
for going into the Department to do it. He
can send somebody else there, and make his
arrangements outside. So I do not think
this section will accomplish the purpose
desired, but will only interfere with a set of
men who are doing routine business.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am in favor of the object
of this section of the bill. I wish to state a
case that occurred in my recollection. Soon
after I came to the Senate, say about seven
years ago, a New Hampshire man who had
moved to one of the western States, and was
some ten or a dozen years before that a post-
master in a little town in New Hampshire,
wrote me that he understood there was a bal-
ance due him as postmaster, and that he wished
mc to goto the Department and ascertain and
if possible get the money for him. I went up
to the Post Office Department, and I found on
inquiry that there were probably due to small
postmasters who had gone out of office some
time previous, and for a long time previous,
small balances; and some clerk in that De-
partment, who had access to that information,
had gathered up the names of these postmas-
ters and the amounts due to each one of them,
and having gone out of the service, he wrote
letters all over the country to these postmas-
ters, who never supposed they had a cent due
them, proposing, if they would put the busi-
ness in his hands, to collect the amounts for a
percentage, a large percentage. Of course it
was to the interest of the Government not to
voluntarily spread this information before the
country. They paid each individual as he
applied.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to ask my friend
from New Hampshire if the Government was
in any way injured or wronged by paying what
its own books showed it owed?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly not; but it is time
enough for an individual to pay sometimes
when the account is presented to him.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then the morality of
that is, if the Government have got the books
and the only information on the subject, and
owe money to their citizens, they ought to con-
ceal that fact from the citizens.
Mr. CRAGIN. Not at all. The individual
has a, right to come and demand his pa.y, and
he will get it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Buthedoesnotknow it.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then he is well enough off
without. Here is another class of claims:
during the war a large number of officers in
the Navy, and also in the Army, were sum-
marily dismissed from the service without
judgment of a court-marshal, and 1 know
efforts are being made to gather up the names
of those officers in the Navy, and in the War
Department, in order that they may present
