1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4009
the instant one of those boys attempts to pass
that money he is seized, tried, convicted, and
sent to prison. I have known such a case.
There was no evidence that the boy had any
intention of passing counterfeit money, but
the fact of passing it is by the law presump-
tive evidence that he knew it, and he could
not contradict it.
I know another case that happened in a post
office of a young man of unexceptionable char-
acter. Letters passing through that post office
containing money had been mislaid, lost, or
sto!en. The Government detectives, with the
laudable object of discovering who did it, there
being a great many persons employed in the
office, laid this plan: all the young men in
the office were told "There is a certain firm
who are committing great frauds by writing
circulars to different people saying, ' If you
will send 113 five or ten dollars, it will be to
your advantage, giving a cure for this, that, or
the other tiling.'" These young men were
told that all these letters contained money ob-
tained by fraud. In a moment of temptation,
this being put into his head by the Govern-
ment officers, believing that that money was
going to a person who had no right to receive
it, one young man opened a letter, t,ool< out the
ten or hfteen dollars that were in it, and put it
in his pocket. Then the Government officers
who planned this scheme seized the boy. He
was tried, convicted, and sentenced. The
jury recommended him to mercy; but the
judge saM, " That is my business ; 1 will hear
your recommendatiou ;" but the sentence of
the law there was absolute ; the judge had no
discretion; and that young man, in the prime
of life, was sent to the State prison, I think
for ten years. I may be mistaken in the exact
amount of the penalty; but it is very heavy,
and it ought to be, for strictly the crime was a
violation of the mail.
Those are two eases that are within my own
knowledge. i say in both those cases you
committed the ciime yourselves. You tempted
those young men, which you had no right to
do. 1 learned when I was very small to say,
"Lead me not into temptaiion," and the Gov-
ernment of the United States has no right to
violate that rule. It can ptotect itself. It is
powerful enough and strong enough to do so
by putting upright men in office without resort-
ing to such means and devices as these.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey, striking out all after the word u re-
pealed " to the end of the section.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that the equiva-
lent question is before the Senate on putting
that section in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is to strike out the
second clause of the section
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
not press that.
Mr. STOCKTON. I thinkitisaveryimport-
ant matter, and I should like to have a vote of
the Senate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. • I am perfectly willing
to have a vote by yeas and na^s.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have nothing more to
say. I should like to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is mani-
fest that the amount appropriated here should
be appropriated. There are very many cases
where there ought to be special agents appoint-
ed, where additional attorney's lees should be
paid, and a great many ways to expend this
amount of money, and in the collection of so
large a sum as we rely upon from the internal
revenue this is but a bagatelle. I trust there
will be no disposition on the part of the Sen-
ate to vote this part of the section out.
Mr. CHANDLER. Would it be in order
to move to strike out the whole section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would
not. The amendment of the committee is to
insert the section. i
Mr. CONKLING. I shall detain the Sen-
ate but a moment. I do not understand how
to vote intelligently on this proposition to
express my own view. The committee report
to repeal moieties and substitute this appro-
priation of $100,000 as a substitute for moie-
ties. Now, if moieties are to be stricken out,
I shall vote for this; but if moieties are to
stand, I shall vote against it. Therefore,
taking the question in this way, piecemeal, I
hardly know how to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very ques-
tion I suggested to the Senator from New Jer-
sey. As he is opposed to this whole business,
why not vote against the amendment as a
whole? It is now but six minutes to the time
of the recess.
Mr. MORTON. We ought to take the ques-
tion squarely on the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to give notice to
the Senate that if the majority will sustain me
I expect to pass this bill to-night, and I hope
Senators will be prompt in their attendance at
lialf past seven o'clock, so that we may go on
at once with this bill; aud with that under-
standing I give notice that I shall object to
anything being done except to continue this
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With the
exception of messages.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, the ordinary
messages.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to appeal
to the Senator from New Jersey to put his
motion in some form which will enable those
like me to express their view on the whole
section.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think the Senator
from New York was out of the Chamber, or
does not exactly understand the matter. I
came into the Chamber while this section was
pending. The question, I understood, was
whether we should concur in the amendment
of the committee, and some gentleman had
moved to strike out as far as the word " re-
pealed," and at that time I rose and asked to
move to strike out the remainder of the sec-
tion, which I afterward moved, but I could
not move it then because there was an amend-
ment to an amendment pending. So the vote
was taken, and the first part of the section
down to the word "repealed" was not
stricken out. Then the only course left to me
was to move my amendment to strike out the
latter part. I am willing to put it in any
shape that will be satisfactory.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I understand my
honorable friend wishes by his vote to express
his judgment in favor of abolishieg moieties,
and not adopting the substitute proposed by
the committee?
Mr. STOCKTON. Precisely.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will give me his attention one moment, I
think we can get at this point. On page
55 of the hill, if my honorable friend will
turn back, is a naked clause repealing the
moieties. Therefore he can take the sense
of the Senate on that expressly on the ques-
tion which he wants to reserve. Then, why
not let us at this moment vote on the whole
of this section ; that is, upon inserting, and
take the yeas and nays upon that? Then my
honorable friend can have a separate vote
upon abolishing moieties upon a reserved
amendment which awaits this, and which he
will find at the top of page 5o. I think that
will accomplish everybody's purpose.
Mr. STOCKTON. In the time we have
occupied in debating the way to get at it, we
could have taken the vote on my amendment.
I hope we shall go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays and settle it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays '27 : as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Chandler.
Conkhng, Cooper, O-oidthwiite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Sauls-
bury Stevenson, Stockton, and Yickers—21.
iNAYS —Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Clay-
ton, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry ofMichigan, Flan-
agan, irelmghiiysen, Gilbert, Lewis. Logan, Morrill
ot Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Poo],
Pratt, Sawyer, Soott, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds. Teuton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Harlan, Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson,
bchurz, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Ihurman, Tip-
ton, and West—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPiiehson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2941) for the relief of
Frederick Pech;
A bill (H. R. No. 2942) for the construction
of a custom-house, bonded warehouse, and
post office at Port Huron, Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 2943) to provide for the
erection of a public building at Nashville,
Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 2798) to release the Gov-
ernment of Japan from the payment of the
balance of the indemnity fund remaining un-
paid, amounting to .$375,000, under the con-
vention of October 22, 18G4 ; and
A bill (H. li. No. 2945) for the relief of the
late firm of Dempsey & O'Toole.
The message also returned to the Senate the
bill (H. R. No. 2050) for the relief of J. S.
Underbill. . *
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. it. No. 1641)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, insisted on its disagree-
ment to the eighth amendment of the Senate
to the said bill, agreed to the further confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Oliver J. Dickey of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. John Cobijrn of Indiana, and Mr.
Thomas Swanx of Maryland, managers at the
same upon its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 230) for the relief
of Mary M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark,
deceased.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 757) to
authorize the appointment of certain officers
in the quartermaster's department, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also annou need that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following en-
rolled bills: and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 451) for the relief of Jeffer-
son W. Davis ;
A bill (S. No. 463) to enable the President
to appoint a Paymaster General of the Army ;
A bill (S. No. 473) to further the adminis-
tration of justice;
A bill (H. It. No. 183) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make partition of the
reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami
Indian;
A bill (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of
Jane Allen Birckhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, sole heirs at-law of Alexander Watson,
(IqccslsgcI *
A bill (H. R. No. 475) for the relief of
Selah V. Reeve, late quartermaster sergeant
of the fourth Michigan infantry volunteers ;
A bill (II. It. No. 1070) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending June 30, 1873;
