1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of David J.
Miller, on the files of the Senate, be withdrawn
therefrom and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN", it was
Ordered, That John Nolan, of Quincy, Illinois,
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers from
the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. FBNTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of L.
Merchant & Co., on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committeo on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PBNTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of Stephen
Hull, 011 the- flies of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee or "Patents.
PROMOTION OF naval SURGEONS.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the following order :
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
directed to inquire in the facts connected with the
placing of Dr. James C. Palmer's name above that
of Dr. Ninian Pinckney, as surgeon in the Navy.
The resolution was consideredby unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Was that inquiry ad-
dressed to the Department or committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the wisest way to
find out would be to inquire of the Depart-
ment ; but I have no objection to it either way.
Mr. VICKERS. I prefer that the commit-
tee should do it. There will not be much
trouble about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
has been agreed to.
ItliPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 448) to establish a system of deposits,
to prevent desertions, and elevate the condi-
tion of the rank and file of the Army, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 374) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a commission on the subject of
labor and the division of profits between labor
and capital in the United States, reported it
with ati amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred various
petitions praying for the passage of a bill
known as Mr. Sumner's supplementary civil
rights bill, asked to bo discharged from their
further consideration, that subject being now
before th-e Senate.
The report was agreed to.
SHIP HUDSON, ETC.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the
United States, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 10th of May last, calling
for papers, correspondence, and information
relating to the case of the ship Hudson and
schooner Washington; which was referred
to the Committeo on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
487) to exempt the iron steam ice-boats con-
structed by the city of Philadelphia from the
inspection required by the act of February
28, 1871, entitled " An act to provide for the
better security of life on board of vesselspro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for
other purposes which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce.
This refers to the provisions of the bill enacted
in February last in regard to the inspection of
steamboats for the safety of the lives of pas-
sengers. If the provisions of that bill are
applied to these two ice-boats, which are pro-
vided by the city of Philadelphia for the pur-
pose of keeping clear the channels of the Dela-
ware and Schuylkill rivers in the winter, it
effectually prevents them from accomplishing
the purpose for which they were constructed.
The authorities of the city of Philadelphia are
extremely desirous that this bill should pass
very soon, so that they may be enabled to
accomplish the purpose for which these ice-
boats were built, and not practically blockade
their rivers by the application of this act to
these boats. I ask the attention of the chair-
man, so that if the bill meets the concurrence
of the Committee on Commerce it may be re-
ported soon, so that we may have action upon
it. I move that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 488) to incorporate the Washington Canal
and Water-Power Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
489) to admit tea and coffee into the United
States free of duty ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. COLE. I will remark that such is the
position of the finances of the country at this
time that I think the duties on tea and coffee,
which are the poor man's luxuries, can well
bo dispensed with, and that is the opinion, I
must, say, of a very large portion of my con
stituents. I hope the Finance Committee in
their revision of the tariff will take that into
serious consideration, and relieve the country
of this tax. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Finance, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 490) for the relief of the East Tennessee
University ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
491) for the encouragement of the fisheries;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 492) to confirm certain bona fide titles;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 493) to indemnify the State of
Kentucky and other States for expenses in-
curred by them in defense of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment to
the bill (H- R- No. 374) to provide for the
appointment of a commission on the subject
of labor and the division of profits between
labor and capital in the United States; which
was received informally, and ordered to be
printed.
JAPANESE AT MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate now to
take up the bill offered by myself the other
day allowing a certain number of youths from
Japan to be educated at the West Point Mili-
tary Academy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is completed, and the Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 454.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
454) authorizing the Secretary of War to ad-
mit six Japanese youths to the West Point
Military Academy.
Mr. CAMERON. The bill was discussed
so much the other day that I think it is un-
necessary to say anything further in regard to
it. The Senate understands the subject.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will a
single objection pass it over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] who took a
great interest in this bill, is not in his seat.
He preferred some objections to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move its postponement, orto lay it on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
care about its postponement. I suggest that
it lie on the table informally until he arrives.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
its being passed over. When I made the mo-
tion it did not occur to me that the Senator
from Ohio was not here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be returned to its place
on the Calendar.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 490) for the relief of the East Tennessee
University, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report, which was ordered to
be printed.
BENJAMIN H. CAMPBELL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I moved to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 352. It is a bill for the relief of
the marshal of the northern district of Illinois,
who had some funds burned up in the fire at
Chicago.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 352) for the relief of
Benjamin H. Campbell, marshal of the United
States for the northern district of Illinois.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments: in line seven, after
the word "marshal, " to insert the words
"belonging to the United States;" in line
eight, to strike out "$15,000" and insert
"$7,679 13 so as to make the bill read:
That the Attorney General be, and he is hereby
authorized, in thesettlemontof theaccounts of Ben-
jamin H. Campbell, maiehal of the northern district
of Illinois, to allow him credit, for such sum of United
States Treasury and national batik notes as were in
his hands as marshal, belonging to tho United States,
not to exceed $7,67913, as ho may be satisfied was
uurned in said marshal's office in the custom-house
building at Chicago, Illinois, on the 9th day of Qcto-
bor, A. D. 1871.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that the
report of the committee in that case be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Thumbull, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, on the 11th instant:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred a bill for tho relief of Benjamin H.Camp-
bell, marshal of the United States for the northern
district of Illinois, report:
That it appears from the affidavit of B. H. Camp-
bell, the marshal, that, at the date of tho fire in Chi-
cago, on the 9th of October last, in which the custom
and court-house building was destroyed, his office in
said building contained a safefurnished by the Uni-
ted States, in which the money held by him as mar-
shal was deposited, amounting, as hevcnly believes,
to $9,804 20, consisting of United States and national
bank notes; that he was present after the fire when
the safe was opened, and took charge of the burned
and charrod rom'.ins of said notes, tho least injured
of which, amounting to $310 87, he had redeemed by
the United States depositary m Chicago, and the
balance of the burned and charred remains of said
notes he brought to Washington nnd deposited with
the Treasurer of the United States for identification
and redemption, from whien he realized only 61,31420,
making the total umouut realized from said burned
and charred reuinnsof saul notes $2,126 07, leaving
a balance of $7,079 13 totally destroyed by the lire.
Two deputy United States marshals corroborate
'. Campbell's ^ atement as to his having money m
B. E.
tho safe a.nd its destruction by the fire.
The committee are satisfied, from the known char-
acter of tho marshal and Uie evidence in the ease,
that he is entitled to the relief sought, and they
recommend the passage of the bill, amended so as to
conform to the amount stated in tho affidavits.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-,
