3114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May fi
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the
Chair understands.
Mr. WRIGHT. I believe that this is the
same proposition in substance which was be-
fore us as a distinct and separate bill some
days ago with reference to the Australian line,
and which we then discussed to some extent.
Ain I correct in that ?
Mr. COLE. It is kindred to that I suppose,
but it is not the same proposition.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think theSenate under-
stands the question involved in this amend-
ment, and to bring the Senate to a direct vote
upon it, I move to lay the amendment on the
table.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will not withdraw the
motion, and I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron. Carpenter,
Chandler, Conkling,Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Frehngtmysen, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Mor-
rill ofVermont,Pratt. Saul<.bury,Sehurz,Scott, Sher-
man, Sumner, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly. Cole, Cooper,
Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert. Hamlin,
Hill, Kelly. Morrill of Maine. Morton, Norwood,
Nye, Osborn, Poinerov, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer,
Stewart. Stockton, West, and Windoin— 25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell, Clayton, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Gioldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
Hitchcock. Ilowe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Patterson,
Ransom, Robertson, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Thurinan, Tipton, and Wilson—29.
So tlie motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate is now called
upon to vote $425,000 a. year for ten years, or
some four and a quarter millions, to establish
a new line of steamships between this country
and Australia. We have just refused to ap-
propriate $150,000 ayearfor a semi-monthly
line between this country and Brazil. Our
commerce with Brazil amounts to $30,000,000;
our commerce with Australia is about four or
five millions. Australia is a colony of Great
Britain, a dependency of Great Bri'ain. She
produces nothing that we cannot produce in
this country. A commerce with her is a com-
merce in the productions of our own country.
Her exports are gold and wool.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator permit me to inquire of the Chair whether
this amendment is in order? Is it to carry out
any existing law, or is it moved in pursuance
of the rules of the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand it is to ex-
tend the service already provided for from San
Francisco to the Sandwich Islands; from the
Sandwich Islands to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not take the point
of order; but unless there is a law for it I
should think the amendment was not in order,
Mr. POMEROY. It extends a service
already existing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it is
not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, I will withhold my
remarks until the question of order can be
determined. I do not wish to debate any
question not really before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that the point of order was not
made until the Senate had taken a vote on the
motion to lay on the table. If the point of
order had been made, the Chair would have
ruled that the amendment was in order, as it
is an amendment to a proposition in the bill
providing for steamship service between San
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands. It comes
within the rule, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. It proposes a new item
of appropriation, a new item of expenditure
on a route not authorized by law. It is true
there is a steamship line now authorized to
the Sandwich Islands; there is none, as I un-
derstand, to Australia. This is a new object
of expenditure. It seems to me, therefore, it
is not within the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. This proposition extends
the service from San Francisco by way of the
Sandwich Islands. Taking up the service at
that point, for which we now pay $75,000, it
extends it all the way to Australia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will read to the Senator from Ohio the clause
of the new rule adopted a few days since:
"Andno amendment to anysuch billmaking legis-
lative provisions, other than such asdirectly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall
be received."
In lines forty-four and forty-five, on page 8,
the bill proposes an appropriation of $75,000
for steamship service between San Francisco
and the Sandwich Islands. This amendment,
as the Chair understands, is an extension of
that service, adding to the appropriation, but
relating to that appropriation, and to thatalone.
Therefore the Chair ruled it in order, or would
have done so if the point had been made.
Mr. SHER,MAN. A word upon the point
of order. This amendment provides for a new
object of expenditure. The mere fact that
there is a law authorizing now a steamship
line between San Francisco and the Sandwich
Islands, when it is proposed to extend that
line about ten thousand miles, if I remember
correctly, from San Francisco to the extreme
point reached by this line  
Mr. POMEROY. Seven thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought it was more
than that. It is six or seven thousand to the
nearest point.
Mr. NYE. It is seven thousand miles from
San Francisco to Australia.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, if
we are going to enter upon this question of
subsidies, waiving the point of order for the
present, for I do not wish to appeal from the
decision of the Chair, I submit to the Senate
whether after the vote taken on the Brazil line
they can with any show of consistency vote
this subsidy? Much against my inclination,
in the first place, I did vote to double the
service to China, because I thought there were
especially strong reasons why that service ought
to be a semi-monthly instead of a monthly
service. The statement was made that we
could not secure that line except by an in-
crease of the subsidy, and upon that statement
by gentlemen having the matter in charge I
voted for it.
But here is the establishment, of an entirely
new line, an entirely new service, a service
between Australia and San Francisco estab-
lished as part ot the China line. I remember
very well when this provision was authorized
by the original law establishing the China line.
They made the voyage via the Sandwich Islands
to China. The line to the Sandwich Islands
was an excrescence on the China line. Sub-
sequently, upon the statement made by the
then Senator from California, (Mr. Conness.)
they were relieved from the burden of going
to the Sandwich Islands, and were authorized
to go by the northern route directly to Japan
and China. Then, in order to maintain the
intercourse we had already commenced with
the Sandwich Islands, it was proposed to give
them $75,000 as part of the China line to run
vessels to the Sandwich Islands. It was a part
of the China line.
Now, upon this excrescence growing out of
the China line, a restriction that that line was
relieved from, we are called upon to appropri-
ate $425,000 year in aid of the same China
line, because, it I am not mistaken in regard
to the ownership of the line, the same com-
pany that runs the vessels between San Fran-
cisco and China runs this Australian line.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. There is no con-
nection between them, no more than between
you and me.
Mr. SHERMAN. They formerly were con-
nected.
Mr. NYE. Never.
Mr. POMEROY. Ben Holladay had the
contract, and Webb is running it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care who is
running it; I know the Sandwich Island line
was originally part of the China line.
Mr. NYE. They were separated long years
ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were separated be-
cause the China vessels could not properly
and economically go by way of the Sandwich
Islands.
Now, Mr. President, I appeal to the Sen-
ate whether they can, with any show of con-
sistency, after having substantially refused to
appropriate for the Brazil line upon terms
that the proprietors of that line say they can
maintain the line upon, now start a new line
to a country with which we have substantially
no commerce—a dependency of our rival, a
country that we cannot trade with to any con-
siderable extent profitably, a country with the
same productions as our own. Would it be
wise for us to agree now to enter into a con-
tract appropriating $4,2-50,000 to establish
steamship connection with the British prov-
inces? I say it would not be. If there is
any profitable trade between Australia and
this country, that trade can, under the present
state of shipping, be run much less expen-
sively by Great Britain than by our country.
This is a forced line against the interests of
our country, a line with a country of our
rival. Sir, if this new line to Australia is
voted by the Senate, how can you resist the
line to Mexico; how can you resist the line to
Brazil, to Buenos Ayres, and all the innum-
erable schemes and propositions that are now
made in regard to subsidies?
I had always supposed from the previous
votes of the Senate that this was the last line
the Senate would be willing to subsidize, be-
cause it is the line in which our people have
the least interest. We have no trade with
that _ country of any profit. They produce
nothing which we desire to buy. This line will
be a mere convenience to the British Govern-
ment to transport directfrom Australia to San
Francisco, and the benefits of the line will in-
ure to England. Whatever passengers and
freight will be brought over the line will be
destined eventually to England, coming to San
Francisco, passing over the Pacific railroad,
and thence to London. All the benefits de-
rived from the establishment of the line will
inure to Great Britain, not to this country.
If we must enter into the business of grant-
ing subsidies, why not give subsidies to those
lines that will contribute to the dcvclopmentof
American commerce? This is a convenience
for the development of British commerce, not
of American commerce.
I hope, therefore, the vote just taken is not
an indication of the sentiment of the Senate in
regard to this subsidy, because if it is there is
no reasonable limit that you can put to the
amount ot subsidies that will be proposed as
amendments to this bill. We have* already
been liberal to the Pacific coast. We have
shown^ our liberality. We established, with-
out objection, a line to China. We have now
increased and doubled the service on that line.
We have done it for wise commercial reasons,
because we have an enormous trade with China,
and we have an intercourse that is exceedingly
profitable to the people of our own country,
and the shippers of our own country. We con-
sumethe productions of Chinaand Japan. We
do not consume the productions of Australia.
I suppose my time is out, and therefore I will
not go further; but I hope another vote will be
taken and that ttiis question which was dis-
cussed here some days ago may be decided, as I
supposed from the indication of the debate of
the Senate, according to what I considered then
the judgment of the Senate not to engage in a
subsidy to this new line to Australia.
^ Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Ohio always speaks so confidently that it is
