1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
would have been upon the committee if he had
not declined. Of course, so far as the investi-
gation goes, in reference to the conduct of either
of these Senators, they cannot act. Every one
sees that at once; but I suppose the commit-
tee could report that fact to the Senate when
they came to that subjcct, and as that is a dis-
tinct subject the Senate could authorize the
rest of the committee to investigate in refer-
ence to one of their members if they should
deem it necessary to do so. That is the rule
laid down in the parliamentary law, which I
read the other day. On bringing it to the
notice of the Senate that one of their mem-
bers was affected by the investigation, that
course could be taken. It seems to me that
under the circumstances there being on the
committee in the way that it is composed some
two or three members who have expressed
their views very freely and decidedly on the
subject of investigation, there ought to be one
upon the other side. I will make that motion,
as the Senator from Ohio has objected to serv-
ing on the committee, that the nuine of the Sen-
ator from Missouri be substituted in his place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to amend the resolution
by substituting the name of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Seiiunz] for the name of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and the
question is on that amendment.
Mr. SLTMNEK. I have no desire to go into
this debate at all, I have already said that I
am obliged to withdraw from discussion; but
I do-submit that in ordinary fairness one of
the two Senators who have taken a leading
part in instituting this inquiry should be on
the committee, I cannot be on the com-
mittee. I am out of the question. It seems
lo me, therefore, that the Senator from Mis-
souri should be on the committee, and there
is a special reason further when you con-
sider the declared opinions of several of the
Senators designated. For instance, the Sen-
ator who is named as chairman has used the
strongest possible language iu denouncing the
allegations that have been made on this lloor.
1 will not. quote his language; it was hardly
parliamentary; and yet this inquiry is to be
under his guidance with no Senator upon the
committee who lias taken part in promoting
the inquiry. Under the circumstances, the
least the Senate can do is to give a place to the
Senator from Missouri, who has shown such
familiarity with the case, and whoso talents
and character ccrtainly entitle him to the
respect of this Chamber.
Air. UOREJIAN. 1 wish to inquire whether
one objection will carry this matter over? If
oik' objection will do so, 1 call for the regular
order, and let, it go over.
'Ihe VJCU Wilis 1 DENT. This is the exe-
cution of an order of the Senate. The Senate
have ordered the appointment of a committee,
and the thirty-fifth rule proscribes how that
committee shall be appointed. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has called the matter up,
and the Senate are now engaged in consid-
ering the appointment. The Chair thinks that
it can be laid on the table if thy Senate do not
desire to execute the Older they have them-
selves made. The thirty fifth rule certainly
declares that a committee when ordered shall
bo appointed by ballot. That ballot has been
dispensed with, and it is now proposed to
appoint it by resolution. The Chair would
dislike to mle upon this question, that the
execution of this order can be prevented by
calling up another matter. The Senate is now
executing whatwas ordered last evening, under
a standing rule of the Senate, the thirty-fifth
rule.
Mr. BOKEMAN. I supposed that this was
a resolution subject to objection the same as
any other resolution, and therefore that one
objection or a call for the regular order would
throw it over until to-morrow. I dislike very
much to move to lay it on the (able, because
that might be regarded as hostile to ultimate
action. It is not my purpose to prevent the
appointment of the committee, but merely to
defer it. If it can be understood that it is
merely for a temporary purpose to defer action
for a day or two, I should have no objection
to making a motion to lay the resolution on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion the
Chair will recognize. Unquestionably that
would be the order of the Senate, that the execu-
tion of this resolution should be postponed until
some other time; but it has been so repeatedly
decided (and the Secretary is now engaged in
examining the Manual) that when the Senate
make3 an order that order must be executed,
that the Chair would dislike to rule that the
execution of this order may be prevented by
calling up another bill. If the Senator moves
to lay this resolution on the table, that motion
will be in order.
Mr. BORBMAN. Well, sir, I make that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia moves that the resolution
lie on the table, the effect of which is to post-
pone the execution of this order until the Sen-
ate sees fit at some other time to take it up.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-six,
noes not counted.
0BD1DU OF BUS1NJ5SS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of the appropriation
bill.
Mr. SPENCER. Before that is taken up I
should like to have my motion for an adjourn-
ment over disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent, or the laying on the table
of the appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I object.
Mr. PRATT. Before the Senate proceeds to
the consideration of the appropriation bill, I
desire to make an appeal that on to-morrow
morning, after the morning business is through,
[ may be allowed to call up Senate bill No.
01(>, to release to the State of Indiana the
lands known as the bed of Beaver lake, in New-
toil county iu said State. This is a bill re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands
during the time that I was absent on the cus
tom-housc investigation in New York. It is
well known to the Senate that 1 was absent
from my place here on that business for some
five or six weeks, and I have had no oppor-
tunity whatever of calling up business in which
my constituents are interested. 1 desire to be
heard in support of this bill. 1 shall ask the
indulgence of the Senate for some thirty or forty
minutes in advocating this bill to-morrow
morning, and I hope that indulgence will be
granted trie.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana states that having been absent for five
or six weeks on business of the Senate he desires
to-morrow to call up a hill interesting to his
constituents, and to be heard upon it at the
close ofthe morning business. The Senate will
take notice of the request. The Senator from
Iowa also gave notice of a desire to call up the
Chicago relief bill to-morrow. These notices,
however, are solely for information.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1000) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government 1'or the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other puruoses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question on the 13th of last month, when this
bill was last considered, was the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations to
strike out the proviso to be found on the top
of the twenty-second page of the bill, which
proposed to allow additional compensation
! not exceeding $1,500 to the Register of the
I Treasury. The clause was amended, on the
I motion of the Senator from Vermont. [Mr.
Morrill,] so as to reduce the amount to $800.
The question now recurs on the amendment
of the committee, if they insist upon it, to
strike out the proviso as amended, as follows:
Provided. That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to pay to the Register of the
Treasury, out of the money appropriated to defray
the expenses of the loans, in addition to the amount
of salary now allowed by law, the sum of $800.
Mr. COLE. We do insist upon our amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senate was very thin at
the time action was taken upon this amend-
ment before, and as it has been laid aside so
long, it has probably passed from the recollec-
tion of most Senators. 1 therefore desire to
say a very few words before the vote is taken
on the amendment.
The provision as it stands in the bill is an
amendment authorized by the Committee on
Appropriations in the other House, and it
simply provides for paying to the present
Register of the Treasury compensation for
signing the bonds of the United States at
about the same rate and in the same manner
that all Registers ofthe Treasury have been paid
for the same service since 1837. The House
limited the amount which should be paid to
him for this service in addition to the salary
now allowed bylaw to $1,000, which referred
to past as well as future lime, the next year.
The amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] which was adopted in
committee, limited the sum to $800, thus re-
ducing the amount which would be allowed
him from $1,500 to $800, and if the Senate now
concur with the Committee on Appropriations
of the Senate and strike out this amendment,
it will be denying compensation altogether. I
desire simply to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to that fact, and ask that the amendment
as it now stands, limiting it to $800, at least
shall be adopted. Whether we will ask for
more 
Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me
one moment, I call his attention to the fact
that as it occurs to me this clause does not
necessarily increase the pay of the Register
of the Treasury $1,500 above his salary of
$3,000, but that will depend upon the amount
of bonds, &c., signed by him. It may be less ;
it may not exceed $800. I merely suggest
that the Senator should not assume that it will
certainly go to $1,500, but that it cannot go
beyond it. '
Mr. SCOTT. I am aware of the fact that
that is a limit, not a salary fixed. It is a limit
beyond which it shall not go. I am much
obliged to the Senator from Georgia. I had
previously called attention to the fact that this
officer's salary was fixed in 1817 at $3,000;
that the recent legislation for issuing bonds
has imposed great additional labor upon him—
points which I do not wish again to present to
the Senate. I trust the Senate will not con-
cur in the amendment of the Commit!ee ou
Appropriations as it now stands. The limit is
now $800, and the addition to the salary can-
not exceed that amount. I hope the amend-
ment will not bo concurred in.
Mr. HILL. From what information I have
in regard to the duties of this officer, there is
certainly none below the Secretary of the
Treasury himself more important to the Gov-
ernment than the Register. As compared wit h
various other bureaus in the service of the na-
tion, I think from the responsibilities of this
office the pay is perhaps more inadequate ihan
that of any other. If you compare it with the
Commissioner of Customs, for example, l do
not know but that this office is quite as great
and responsible as that, and it seems to me the
salary of S3,000 is insufficient, and there ought
to be some increase. Tn this ease the officer
will be required to perform certain duties, and
according to the extent of those duties will
the pay be increased. As has been remarked
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, it cannot
exceed $1,500 in any event, and it may not
exceed the amount proposed by the com-
