2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
oan be paid. High officials resign their places
and obtain enormous fees to obtain payment
Often of claims they have themselves stopped
until they can extort the portion demanded. I
need not specify the cases; they are but too
well known. The letter fiom Giles A. Smith,
lute Assistant Postmaster General, to the rail-
road managers, demanding the advance of
$1,000,000 to buy Congress, which the Senator
from Maine read in the Senate the other day,
sufficiently illustrates the way in which the
nefarious business is carried on. It has pro-
gressed until Congress has become a reproach
and a by-word among the people. Men who
have a decent self-respect are afraid to vote
for the most honest measures for private re-
lief because of the scandal which is sure to
follow when the fact is made known that the
claimant gets only a small fraction of the sum
paid, the lobby ring having, kept the lion's
share, pretending to have expended the larger
portion of it in corrupting Congress or the
Departments, as the case may be.
I have made tbese last remarks to call the
attention of the House specially to a bill I
introduced some three weeks ago, and had
referred to the Committee of Claims, from
whom I expect a favorable report before this
session closes. If Congress will pass it, or
something stronger, if possible, it will be the
best day's work of the session.
I will read the bill as part of my remarks
which the gentleman from Massachusetts
objected to the printing of a few minutes
ago:
That from and after the passage of this act no
person shall he permitted to appear or act as agent
or attorney for any individual, body politic, or cor-
porate, relative to any claim or demand against the
United States, either before Congress or any com-
mittee thereof, or befoie any Department of the
Government, when either he or any other person
lias any interest, directly or indirectly, in said claim
or demand, or any agreement tor compensation for
services in obtaining payment of such claim or de-
mand, until such agent or attorney shall file with
the proper committee of Congress or the proper offi-
cer ot the Departments, a statement on oath, in writ-
ing, of the amount and charactcr ot compensation
which the claimant has agreed to pay tor services
rendered relative to said claim, and no greater sum
than tho amount thus stated shall be collectible out
of or because of services rendered concerning said
claim oi demand. All other and further agi cements
for t.lifi paymontof additional compensation relative
to the collection of said claim or demand shall bo
null and void. If any money or other thing ol value is
paid, directly or indirectly, by the claimant, or any
one for him, to any person or persons, beyond the
amount so tiled, or otherwise than as stated in said
paper required to be filed as afoiesaid, it may be
recovered by any person suing for the same Irom
the person so receiving it, or from any person inter-
ested in the payment so made, by suit in any court
of the United States, one half of which lecoveiy
shall be paid to the person suing therefor, and the
other half shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States. And all persons directly or indi-
rectly receiving any compensation in excess of or
otherwise than as set forth in said statement, re-
quired to be filed as aforesaid, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction before any court
of the United States shall be fined not less til,in
$1,000, and may, in addition thereto, be imprisoned
for any time not exceeding one year, at the discre-
tion of tho court: Provided, That no allowance lor
compensation to agents or attorneys shall exceed
ten per cent, of the amount of such claim or demand
in any ease whatever, either bolure Congress or the
Executive Departments of the (iovcrnmeut, and the
amount of allowance, under the amount of percent-
age above stated, shall bo subject to the orders of
the Departments, or of the Congress allowing or
ordering payment of such claim or demand.
Sec. 2. That no officer or clerk who has been, is,
or may be employed m any capacity whatever in
any of the Departments or bureaus of the Govern-
ment of the United States shall, either while in such
ofnee or for three years after his retirement there-
from, accept any employment from, render any sei -
vices, or give any information to any person, body
politic or corporate, relative to any claim against
the United States or other matter which might
have como before, or have been considered by the
Department, or any officer or bureau therein, in
which he is, has been, or may be employed; and all
contracts made or lo be made wbcteby money or
any other thing of vaiue is agreed to be paid to such
person, or to any one else for such services, are
hereby declared null and void; and any money
vpbich may be paid to such person or persons may
be recovered by any person suing for the satne
within five years after the discovery of the fact that
Mich payment has been made, which suit may be
biouglit in any court of tho United Skates, in the
nsmo of the United States, at the cost of the party
instituting it, one half of the amount so recovered
to be for the use of the party suing, and the other
half shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will allow me to remind him thatthe provision
which he has just cited in the second section
is in substance precisely that which was
adopted on my motion as an amendment to
the Post Office appropriation bill a few weeks
ago.
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir; it is also a provis-
ion which the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] and myself framed and had passed
by this House more than a j'ear ago; but the
Senate killed it, and they will kill it again, I
expect, because three fourths of these men in
the Departments are the appointees of men at
the other end of the Capitol.
I desire the adoption of such a law as-I
have read, because we all know that every day
men are pretending that they have influence
in the Departments, and in Congress, and the
committees thereof, and telling the people
that it is necessary to buy favorable action
upon claims; and for pretended services of
this kind they undertake to extort and do
extort from one half to three fourths of all
the money which is awarded to honest claim-
ants. I introduce this bill as a remedy, in
part at least, for the system of stealing which
1 know has been going on in every Department
of the Government and before Congress. By
this system Congress has, as I said, been scan-
dalized. Honest men have been subjected to
unjust imputations by this species of corrup-
tion, fraud, and extortion, which permeates all
the lobbies of Congress and all the avenues to
the Executive Departments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, I call to the attention of the com-
mittee that I have endeavored to keep within
the proprieties of the debate. I have en-
deavored, so far as in me lay, to deal with
general principles; and I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] whether he thinks
it is due to himself as a man, standing in the
place where once Henry Clay stood, to attempt
a simple vile slander t.o fling at an opponent
for want of better argument?. Why, sir, once
a countryman listened to the debate of learned
doctors carried on in the Latin language, and
he listened attentively. The question was put
to him, did he understand the language?
''No." " How do you know what takes place
here?" He said, " I always know which side
gets the worst of it, because I see who gets
mad first."
Now, sir, I served with that gentleman on
the Committee on Appropriations for one Con-
gress. and having served with him, I call him
as a witness to say whether in all my official
action, so far as he knows, I did not endeavor
to protect the Treasury, as well as he did, so
far as my poor abilities went?
Again, sir, I ask him to pause and consider
whether the great interests of this country are
to be protected by argument addressed to the
person and not to the question.
I will tell you what it cost to make me a
loyal man, what it cost me to sever political
connectionsof a long life and to break away
from the traditionsin which I had been brought
up. When the first traitorous gun was fired
on the American flag upon Fort Sumter, then,
sir, without counting the cost, without counting
anythingexceptthatthe country wasin danger,
1 obeyed the order of my country and went
into the field. And I wish I had had my friend
from Kentucky there side by side with me;
and I should have been equally well pleased to
have met him on the other side if he had been
there. [Laughter.]
Mr. Beck withdrew h-is amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Chairman, the able
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
challenged the House to name a single case
in which any individual connected with the
Administration had appropriated to his own
use one dollar of money which belonged to
the Treasury. I at once cited the case of
Hodge, the defaulter, who had gambled away
and squandered $400,000 of the hard-earned
taxes of the people; and although his defalca-
tions had been going on during a period of
four years, such is the condition of the Fed-
eral Treasury that neither the Secretary nor
any one of his subordinates knew that Hodge
was a defaulter to the amount of a single dol-
lar, nor would they know it now had he not
confessed his crime.
But who is most guilty? Hodge, or the
Treasury officials, who had charge of his ac-
counts, and were either ignorant of or con-
cealed those four years of defalcation? This
is but a single case; one among the many
which have occurred. It is but a single case;
but how many hundred more Hodges are there
whose defalcations are not known, and who
have not confessed their guilt? The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] asks
for a single case in which a person intrusted
with the public money had appropriated one
dollar for his own use. In response to the
gentleman I point him to this executive doc-
ument, sent to the House by the Secretary of
the Treasury, in response to a resolution which
amounted to a command. It shows what?
One man who had stolen the people's money?
No, sir; it gives the names of over three
hundred collectors of internal revenue, not
now in office, who had'in March, 1871, bal-
ances charged against them to the amount of
$20,700,000 after all credits had been allowed.
That there may be no mistake, I read, word
by word, figure by figure, from the official
recapitulation:
Amount due from the collectors of internal rev-
enue Kl,381,487 83
From which deduct amount, due fo col-
lectors of internal revenue  458,170 79
Aggregate of balances due from col-
lectors   20,923,317 04
Less amount deposited on account of
internal revenue since June 30, 18/0... 222,333 71
Balance due the United States $20,700,983 33
These figures are very plain, and very ex-
pressive. If they are not true the fault is the
fault of the officers of the Treasury, not mine.
It is idle to talk of the tax list with which
the collectors are said to be charged, for the
recapitulation shows a balance due the United
States after all credits and deductions had been
made, of more than twenty millions of money,
which fact is ignored by the gentlemen who
undertake to prop up this corrupt and totter-
ing Administration. But it will not do ; the
people demand that the mask which conceals
corruption shall be removed, that the true
condition of the administration of our pubkc
affairs may be known, if it has been honest
and intelligent it deserves public confidence;
but if both venal and incompetent, it deserves,
as sooner or later it will receive, the just con-
demnation of a confiding and plundered people.
Hefc let me call the attention of the House
and country to a single fact, as appears on the
sixth page of the official document. What
is it? President Lincoln appointed Joshua F.
Bailey collector of the fourth district of New
York. Here, he is charged with being a de-
faulter in the sum of $602,709; and further,
that on the 27th of January, 1870, suit was
brought on his bond. What follows? While
suit was pending on Bailey's bond as collector
of the fourth district, President Grant ap-
pointed him collector of the thirty-second dis-
trict, in place of Sheridan Shook, who stood
charged with a halance against him of over
five hundred and thirty-four thousand dollar-,
and his bond has not been sued. Well, sir,
what of Bailey? A second time he became a
defaulter, and is here charged with another
balance of S592.000, and on that defalcation
his bond has not been sued. Then, what ?
Bailey stepped on board a steamer and went te
South America, and left behind a balance
