1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
132a
raittee. The Register of the Treasury is so
important an officer and so good an officer
that I should regret to see the curtailment
recommended by the committee. I hope it
will not be made.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Georgia does
not remember distinctly the present position
of the question. In that of course he is entirely
excusable, as is any other Senator, inasmuch
as the matter has been away from the consid-
eration of the Senate now for some three weeks.
I will state for the information of the Senator
from Georgia that that portion of the proviso
authorizing the Register to earn a certain
amount by signing bonds has been stricken
out. It is now amended so as to leave ail that
part of it out of the bill, and to provide simply
for a payment to the Register of $800 in addi-
tion to his present salary.
Mr, HILL. That is different from the way
in which I have it in the bill before me.
Mr. COLE. All that part of the clause,
after the word "loans," in the five hundred
and eleventh line down to and including the
five hundred and twentieth line is stricken
out, and the proposition as it is now pre-
sented is that he shall be paid $800 in addi-
tion to his present salary, without reference to
what he may earn.
Mr. HILL. I will inquire of the Senator
why he proposes the $800 as a fixed salary
without regard to any additional labor?
Mr. COLE. I have not any reasons to pre-
sent myself. That proposition was offered by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Moiuuli..]
The Committee on Appropriations, I will add
here, have expressed their unwillingness to
increase the salaries of any officers, and upon
that principle we wish to act in considering
this bill.
Mr. HILL. I am much obliged to the hon-
orable Senator, but I do understand, I think,
the difference between his proposition and the
one that I favor. 1 prefer the proposition as
it comes to the Senate from the House, and
for the simple reason that I think this officer
is too poorly paid for his services, and in the
contingency of performing this labor I think
this clause will increase his pay probably
beyond $800, and that is the reason why 1
favor it. If it was a proposition to give him
a salary of $4,000 instead of $3,000, I might
vote for it. I want more than $800 additional
to the $3,000.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 should agree with the
Senator from Georgia if we could accomplish
that. This officer is performing duties which
have been very much increased in amount,
more than doubled, I dare say, since his salary
was fixed at $3,000. I believe that salary was
fixed in 1817. All the persons who have filled
the office for the last thirty years have received
extra compensation for signing bonds or some-
thing of that kind, running up the salary often
to nearly live thousand dollars. This gentle-
man, who is not behind any one of them in
ability or integrity, has received nothing at all,
although he is performing more duty now than
any person occupying the office heretofore has
performed since the office was established.
The House added $1,500 to his salaiy for this I
additional work, which would make it $4,500. j
Every Senator knows that almost everybody j
else's pay has been increased. At the time !
the salary of the Register of the Treasury was j
fixed, Senators received eight dollars a day: j
afterward their salary was raised to $3,000,
and then to $5,000. All the clerks have had
their salaries increased. The highest amount
paid to a clerk thirty years ago was $1,-200;
now they have got up to SI,800. So of your
messengers here, and so of everybody except
this man who is filling the very responsible
position of Register of the Treasury, who has
millions in his charge constantly, who lias
supervision over a very large number of peo-
ple, and who is responsible for their integrity
as well as for their ability. He has hau no
increase of compensation whatever. No man
holding the position he does, we must admit,
can live here in this expensive city upon the
salary now paid him.
I trust we shall take the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont for the present, small
pittance as it is, rather than have the whole
stricken out. I would rather have the salary
fixed at once at $4,000, and let it so remain,
but under present circumstances I am willing
to take anything. This gentleman has no for-
tune. He has given his whole time and all
his abilities to this office, and I trust the Sen-
ate will extend this small measure of justice
to him.
Mr. SCOTT. The statement made by the
chairman of the Committee oh Appropria-
tions recalls what had escaped me—the exact
effect of" the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont. In acceding to the view suggested
by the Senator from Georgia, I find now that
I was mistaken. It was my own view. By
adopting the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, this is the effect of it: the original
proposition authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the Register for the services
heretofore performed, and for the services to
be performed in the next fiscal year, compen-
sation at the rate fixed in this bill, not to exceed
$1,500; so that if the discretion had been
vested in the Secretary of the Treasury to
make that compensation he could not have
allowed the Register of theTreasury more than
$1,500 for the services already performed
and for the services that he will perform in the
next fiscal year; but the offect of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is to allow
to the Register a sum not exceeding $800 for
the services to be performed in the next fiscal
year only, and thus deprives him altogether of
the compensation which was contemplated by
the amendment that was adopted by the House
Committee on Appropriations. Now the Sen-
ate has adopted the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, the effect of which will be 
Mr. HILL. Do you say the Senate have
adopted that amendment?
Mr. SCOTT. The Senate have amended
the proposition of the House so as to fix the
sum which shall be allowed for this service
during the next fiscal year at $800. Thus the
amendment adoptedin the House stands pend-
ing, fixing that sum of $800. It does not
make it an annual payment. It simply gives
it for the next fiscal year. If, therefore,
we refuse to concur in the amendment recom-
mended by the Senate committee, we give
the Register $800 for the next fiscal year, but
if we concur in the amendment of the Senate
committee, we refuse him anything, either for
past services or for the next fiscal year. I
should very much prefer if we can get it in
such a shape as to vest in the Secretary of the
Treasury the discretion whether he will allow
for the past services and for the next year;
but if we carnot do that, let us at all events
give to him the $800 for the coming year, and
in order to do that, it will be necessary that
the vole shall be against concurring in the
amendment recommended by the Senate Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENSON. Do I understand the
Senator from Pennsylvania to propose to make
this a permanent appropriation, irrespective
of the number of bonds the Register inaysign?
Mr. SCOTT. I did not make such a prop-
osition, but the effect of the amendment which
the Senator from Vermont offered, and which
has been adopted, is to give him $800 for the
next fiscal year. It does not make it perma-
nent. It only applies to that year.
Mr. HILL. When was that amendment
adopted ?
Mr. SCOTT. It was adopted when the bill
was last under consideration, in a very thin
Senate.
Mr, STEVENSON. I am sure the Com-
mittee on Appropriations do not design to take
the services of any employk of this Govern-
ment without just compensation, but they do
think that if we change the salary of one offi-
cer we ought to make the change as to all
where a change would seem to be required.
Now, why should an exception be made in
regard to the Register of the Treasury?
Originally, during the war, a great number
of bonds were issued by this Government
which required extraordinary labor. It was
that extraordinary labor which induced a
change in the salary. That has passed away.
Very few bonds are now issued, and very lit-
tle additional labor is added to the ordinary
duties of the Register of the Treasury. The
reason which caused the original change of
the salary of this officer has ceased, and the
reason ceasing, the rule ought to cease. That
is what the committee understood, and I think
their action was based upon that ground.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky permit me to call his attention to the
fact that the section as proposed by the House
Committee on Appropriations fixed the com-
pensation at $1 25 per hundred bonds signed
by the Register, so that if there were but few
to be signed the compensation would be small
accordingly? It did not fix a gross sum with-
out reference to the labor to be performed.
While I am up, I may state to the Senator
from Kentucky that the labor of this officer
has been very much increased. As we are
all aware, two hundred millions of bonds have
been exchanged within the last year by the
Government, and all that labor has been per-
formed by the Register of the Treasury.
Mr. HILL. For information, I will inquire
of the chairman of the committee how it is
that we are discussing this question at all, if
the Senate has already adopted the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont?
Mr. STEVENSON. We are in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HILL. I know ; but that has been
adopted in Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
explain. We are still as in Committee of the
Whole. The Committee on Appropriations
recommended the striking out of this proviso.
Pending that, and to perfect it, the Senator
from Vermont moved to reduce the appropria-
tion to $800. That was agreed to. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment recom-
mended by the committee, striking out the
proviso as amended.
Mr. COLE. I desire to give notice at this
point that I shall have to ask Senators to abide
by the rule in making but two speeches on any
one proposition before the Senate. I am not
alluding to any Senators who have spoken thus
far, but merely give the notice now.
Mr. SCOTT. I suppose that will apply to
the chairman also. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not understand
that the duties of the Register of the Treas-
ury are laborious duties  
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator to give
way for a moment that I may correct what I
think is an error on his part.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator says there
is no additional duty devolved now on this
officer, and that the salary has reverted to
the original sum because the extra, -work is
finished. The Senator is mistaken in that.
We are constantly issuing new bonds. He
will remember that within a very short time
the Treasury made a contract for two hundred
millions of new bonds at five per cent, interest,
in place of the six per cent, interest bonds; and
we hope to have a great many millions disposed
of in that way. The work probably is as large
in amount now as it has. been at any time
during a number of years past.
Mr. STEVENSON.' • I desire to say to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that the number
of bonds to be issued now is comparatively
small as compared with those which were
issued when this additional compensation was
originally made to the salary of the Register
of the Treasury.
