1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3Y5J
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
population of each county, compiled from the
Tribune Almanac for 1871 and from the last census
tables.
The report tlieti goes on and gives the coun-
ties seriatim, the total being—white popula-
tion 80,079, black population 03,902; black
majority 13,623, including, of course, the
women and children. In the presidential
election these counties gave Seymour 14,166
votes, Grant 10,370 votes; majority for Sey-
mour 3,796. In 1870 they gave to Scott, for
Governor, 18,987 votes, which is nearly 9,000
votes more than they gave to Grant, and Car-
penter 13,599, which is 1,400 less than the
same counties gave to Seymour, giving to
Scott, the Radical candidate for Governor, a
majority of 5,388 instead of a majority of
8,796 given for the Democratic candidate in
the presidential electioil of 1868, a difference
of 9,000 votes.
Will anybody claim, has any man the face
before this Senate and before the country to
claim, that the blacks in that election were
intimidated and deterred from the exercise of
the ballot? It is not pretended that the ma-
jority given for Seymour in the election of 1868
was produced by any violence, and yet he had
a majority of 3,796. In the election of 1870,
when the attempt is made to make it appear
that the blacks were intimidated, when, as
the President says, for the charge is his, as
he has indorsed it, that "the objects of the
Ku Klux were by force and terror to prevent
all political action not in accord with the views
of the members, to deprive colored citizens of
the right to bear arms and of the right to a
free ballot," in that election Scott had 'a
majority of 5,388. There is the charge in
the face of this election return, the authentic
history of the time undenied and undeni-
able, that here is a change of 9,000 votes
, in favor of these persons who are intimidated
and driven away from the polls and deterred
from the exercise of their rights to a free bal-
lot 1 Sir, whoever asserts this will not find a
sane man in America to give him credence.
The result speaks in a voice which must carry
conviction to the mind of all that it is a false-
hood, no matter by whom asserted. There
could not have been intimidation, there could
not have been an attempt to deprive these peo-
ple of their right to the ballot, because they
exercised it in a manner which gave them a
majority of over five thousand in a district
which two years before had given more than
three thousand majority against their party.
Nor is that all. A statement of the white
and black votes cast in those counties shows
also that the black people cast a larger vote
in proportion to their numbers in those coun-
ties than was cast by the white people in pro-
portion to their numbers; for there is a record
kept in the secretary of State's office of the
number of white and colored votes in each
county, which is copied into the report of the
minority, page 582, which shows the fact that
not only were they not deterred, but they ac-
tually voted in larger numbers as compared
with their number of population than the while
people in comparison with their number ; and
so great was the excess of their vote in com-
parison with the number of black population,
that it is impossible to believe there was any
such number of votes in such a population.
Those who are familiar with such matters
know that the ratio of one vote to seven of
population is a large number. One vote in
seven of population is considered a large and
excessive vote. It will be seen that the black
population of these counties was 93,902 and
the number of votes cast by them was 18,112,
so that the ratio was, very nearly one in five.
There was nearly one vote cast for every five
of the black population. There were not as
many as one vote cast for seven of the white
population in the same district. These are
facts that are conclusive, that neither the as-
sertion of the President nor those who com-
municated information to him can overthrow.
They show that there was a full and excessive
vote east by the black people.
Mr. President, South Carolina has been
selected by the President for the purpose of
putting in practice this new system of govern-
ment by martial law. It is therefore to be
taken as the case which he considered the
most justifiable throughout all the disturbed
regions, as they are called. He has selected
it, and as the Senators composing the majority
of the committee have chosen to justify him
by their statements of the condition of affairs
in that State, I propose to go into the condi-
tion of affairs in that State somewhat at
length, to select as an example the same State
they have chosen.
I asserted at the beginning of my remarks
that this bill authorizing the declaration of
martial law had for its purpose the reelection
of the President; that it was not a new thing ;
that it had already been tried by the party,
not in one State alone, but in several; in
North Carolina, borrowing the tactics from
Arkansas, in Texas, in South Carolina, and
perhaps in other southern States. It has
been found effective in some of those States
where nothing else would serve their turn.
When those who had been put in power by
the bayonet, by the troops of the United
States against the will of the people under the
reconstruction laws, had despoiled the people
of those States by robbery and theft, and
every other infamous outrage possible to be
practiced upon a people, and had thus aroused
the anger and indignation of all the decent
men there and elsewhere, they have been com-
pelled to resort to this ultima ratio regum;
and in some cases it has been found effective
to maintain those people in power who never
attained power in any other way, and never
could retain it except by similar means.
I desire to refer the Senate to a very singu-
lar coincidence in ihe martial law experience
of North Carolina. There this particular
mode of carrying elections did not answer so
well. It had a result quite contrary to that
which was anticipated and intended. I pro-
pose to quote from a witness from that State
who testified before the committee, Mr. H.
W. Guion, a lawyer of Charlotte, ip the State
of North Carolina. He was examined in
regard to the impeachment and conviction of
Holden for his violation of the constitution of
the State in declaring martial law. His evi-
dence will be found on pages 483 and 484 of
the report:
" Quefiiion. It has been alleged that the articles
upon which he was convicted were riot of a very
criminal character, but for some formal dereliction
of duty father than for any violation of law m
important particulars. How is that?
"Answer. Well, sir, I do not think there is any
distinction. There were somo who voted one way
and some another, but I believe they all voted con-
scientiously. The om that was the greatest cause
of trouble wnstheone X have just mentioned, his
assuming the right to eniist a force and aim it, to
take money from the treasury without any authority
ot'iaw, to pay a force to go and arrest some of his old
political enemies, men whom it is said be personally
lated; to take them and imprison them without
warrant. That made a great deal of excitement; if
it had not been for the electioil we would have had
civil war. North Carolina stands a great deal, but
I think we would have had fun last summer but fo f
the election.
" Question. His conviction could not have been
had under your constitution unless several Repub-
licans had concurred in voting for that conviction ?
" Answer. That is so; but the strongest proof of
the enormity of his conduct is the taot that his con-
duct carried the State of North Carolina like a
whirlwind; we would not have had a two-thirds ma-
jority in the senate at all if it had not been for tho
indignation felt throughout the length and breadth
of the State; that, whntcd North Carolina over in her
politics; there is no question about that.
" Qucbtion. Did you have a Democratic majority
of two thirds m tho senate ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Does it require more than two thirds
to convict ?
"Answer. No, sir; we had a very large majorify on
some of the votes.
" Question. On some of the votes you had the
entire senate, with the exception of the negroes
had you not? '
41Anrner. Yes, sir; but the change in the State is
tho best evidence of the indignation felt and pro-
duced by Holdon's policy. The Conservatives could
not have wished for a better lever to have operated
m their own cause than Holdon's conduot. He made
a grand mistake: it was a political move of his I
have no doubt. The people of North Carolina are
a very law-abiding: people; justlefc them kno v what
the law is, and they will submit to it, whether they
like it or not. But when Holden took hold of the
Army and of the purse, and undertook to hang and
kill his old enemies, just as he wished, it aroused a
groat feeling, like the old Revolution. The people
would not have submitted to it; it was with a great
deal of difficulty that the thing was arrested. The
day when tho court mot in Raleigh we could have
raised, as I understood, five hundred volunteers in
the lorm of a posse to go and take Kirk, who had
refused to obey process."
Further on he is asked:
" Does not your law require that the officers of
your militia shall be citizens of the State ?
"Answer. Yes, sir ; the constitution and laws of
the. State authorize the Governor to call out the
militia to enforce the laws ; but we never considered
this as militia; they were regularly enlisted troops.
The militia are tho body of the peoole, who are
called out as tbey stand, both parties mixed together,
so that it could not bo a political army. This is a
people's government.
" Question. Ho has no authority to officer this
force except with citizens ?
" Answer. None at all.
" Question. He has no authority to raise an army
and to appoint officers other than citizens of the
State?
" Anmver. That is all, those who areof the regular
militia: that is what is provided byt the constitu-
tion. Ihe Legislature attempted to give the power,
but the Legislature had not the authority to give it
to him."
Now, I desire the Senate to take notice of
this expression:
*' The Legislature attempted to define an insurrection
in such a way as to make it mean an entirely different
thino from an insurrection as contemplated in, the Con-
stitution. They undertook to authorize the Gov-
ernor, whenever he judged that life and property were
notsoeure in any county, to declare that county in
a state of insurrection, and to raise militia and send
them thero.
"QucHVon. 1 did not know that our Ku Klux law
had originated in North Carolina.
"Answer. You copied it perfectly { your bill here is
almost identical with the Shoffner bill of the Legis-
latvrenf North Carolina.
"Question. I am very glad to find out where it
originated.
"Answer. I havo several times remarked the
resemblance between the congressional Ku Klux
bill and our Shoffner bill, as we call it.
" Question. Heretofore we have been unable to
find any precedent for it.
"Answer. There is one in North Carolina, and
you can find there the results that follow upon it."
You can find it in North Carolina. It was a
bill to define an insurrection to mean some*
thing else than the insurrection-and rebellion
known to the law, and spoken of in the Con-
stitution of the United States. That is the exact
bill which we have here, to authorize the Presi-
dent, whenever he may deem that persons or
property or anything else that he holds dear
is unsafe in any of the States, to declare mar-
tial law, and to deprive the people of the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus. It
was putin force in North Carolina. Thepeople
of North Carolina overthrew it, and- over-
threw its originators; and in my judgment
this attempt to reelect the President of the
United States by force and arms, by a viola-
tion of the Constitution, by the overthrow of
the great writ of right, and placing the people
at his mercy, is one that will evoke from the
people of this couutiy an indignation that will
hurl him and his abettors into defeat and dis-
grace.
It is necessary as a matter of course, when
an attempt of this kind is made, to set up some
plausible excuse for the exercise of this tre-
mendous power. That excuse is the rawhead
and bloody-bones of Ku Klux. It has done
service heretofore for the Radical party.
