1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
resident, unless you can give notice by pub-
lication.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask liim a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. What earthly objection
is there to nroviding by law that personal notice
may be served upon the defendant against whom
you have a judgment, in New York, Massa
chusetts, or any other State of the Union?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have no such pro-
vision. That is not the provision of the exist-
ing law.
Mr. CARPENTER. We can put it in here
just as well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
requiting besides, if the Senator from Wis-
consin thinks it proper, that notice in addition
shall be given as we give it in bankruptcy, in
some form, by directing a notice to be sent by
mail to the place of residence; but that would
amount to very little. I do not know that it
would be practicable to give notice in other
parts of the country. We have no judicial
system by which process runs beyond the dis-
trict in which it is issued.
The first section is a matter of public im-
portance, and the members of the committee
seemed to think that it was proper that notice
should be given by publication, and I saw no
objection to it myself. It seems to me that
the public good requires it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Thecasesof proceed-
ings in the Federal courts under the Constitu-
tion and proceedings of the State courts are
widely different. A State like New York or
Pennsylvania may be large enough to produce
sufficient inconvenience by allowing proceed-
ings to rest upon service by publication ; but
these inconveniences are certainly small, when
compared with the evils which would result
from allowing such proceedings based upon
publication in the Federal courts. For in-
stance, if this bill is to pass in this form, I
concede, as the Senator from Illinois has
said, that the first section is one of great pub-
lic importance ; and I think it will prove one
of great public calamity, also. A citizen from
California may, on his way to New York, stop
over at Chicago, publish a notice that he pro-
poses to i nter up a judgment against the Sen-
ator from Vermont, which the Senator from
Vermont never has any notice of, for he does
not read every little paper that may be issued
in Chicago, for nine weeks, and upon that
publication the judgment is to bo entered up
and docketed and become a matter of record
in the Federal court of Illinois, which is con-
clusive evidence when taken to Vermont to be
enforced against the Senator from Vermont.
Now, the policy of the Federal process act
is to require a personal service, and it certainly
should not be dispensed wi'h in a proceeding
which is by a short cat to enter up a judgment
against a man, for that is what will be done
under this section. If it is proper to require
personal service of a summons inviting a man
into court to attend to litigation therein, it is
certainly equally important that he should
have personal notice when a judgment is to be
entered up against him by the proceedings
of the court in a single hour and without auy
litigation whatever.
It is a very great hardship to allow these
records to be perfected by parol in any ease ;
and yet there is a necessity lor iti:i the case of
Chicago, as there was in my opinion in the case
of the southern States. It must be done, but
it should be done in such manner as to insure
every possible safeguard that we can throw
about it; and to say that I may go into Cali-
fornia to-morrow and enter up a judgment
against the Senator from Illinois or the Sena-
tor from Maine, or any private individual in
the remotest pait, of the United States, upon
parol and upon proof ot' having published a
notice for nine weeks in some obscure news-
paper that 1 intend to do so, is, it seems to me,
a very dangerous proceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, to strike out the first section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not share the fears
of my friend from Wisconsin about the danger
of this first section of this bill. Now, I think
my friend from Wisconsin knows the law to be,
at common law, that any court of general juris-
diction, any court of record has a right, without
any statute, where its records get injured or
defaced or destroyed in a particular case, to
cause those records to be restored upon just
such notice as the court thinks fit, or upon its
mere motion, because the record is part of the
constitution of the court. The judges at com-
mon law have always exercised, as I under-
stand the common law, that right.. Here we
find a case where a court of the United States
in the city of Chicago (and it might happen in
any other city) has pronounced a great many
judgments which affect rights and which decide
titles to property, and all that; and those rec-
ords are destroyed. It necessarily happens in
a great many of those cases that the parties on
one side or the other, and sometimes on both,
do not reside within their jurisdiction ; they
are scattered, sometimes; they are numerous ;
sometimes they have gone abroad; it often hap-
pens that some of them are out of the country.
Now, the result of rejecting this first section
would be to absolutely block the effort of that
court to restore these records at all in such
cases, because to give personal notice is in a
great many instances absolutely impossible,
it cannot be done, in the nature of things.
Then, what are yeu to do? Are you to say
that, the people who have bought land at a
marshal's sale, under a judgment or decree
of those courts, are to be deprived of their
evidence of title, and are to be remitted to a
verdict against them m an ejectment brought
by somebody who claims under the original
title for the reason that they cannot show this
judgment? It will not do at all, Mr. Presi-
dent.
It is indispensable, therefore, to the general
interests of the people of Illinois and of the
countiy that these records should be restored;
but I agree with my friend from Wisconsin
that they ought not to be restored except under
the most careful safeguards that are practica-
ble to accomplish the purpose ; and what are
they? We know from the nature of the Uni-
ted States courts that, personal notice to every-
body connected with all these records, (almost
all of whom on one side or the other, or partly
on one side and partly on the other, are out of
theState ; manyofwhomareoutofthe country,
many of whom originally were aliens, and who
came into the courts of the United States on the
ground of alienage,) cannot be accomplished ;
and to insist on it is merely to deny entirely the
carrying out of this object which we all agree
ought to be attained. Of course there is some
risk 
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to ask the
Senator, does lie know of any case where this
sort of impossibility has arisen? Has he heard
of any, by petition or otherwise?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; I have not heard
of the fire at Chicago by petition as far as I
know, and yet I have an impression that there
lias been one ; and 1 supjjose we must take it
for granted, probably from the evidence we
have, perhaps not legal evidence, that the
records of these courts in Chicago have been
destroyed, and from our knowledge of business
we must take it for granted that the suitors
in those cases wherein judgments have been
entered up were suitors who were entitled to
be there; thai, is, citizens of different States,
aliens, people claiming under patents, and all
manner of causes that the Constitution remits
to the consideration of a court of the United
States. Now, ho w are you to restore the record ?
If you say the record shall not be restored
until every party interested has personal no-
tice, then you say it shall not be restored at
all, because that is the result. If you say it
may be restored under the supervision of the
judges, the agents of the United States, stand-
ing indifferent between the parties, upon the
best notice possible by proclamation and ad-
vertisement, then, although you run some risk,
it is true, as you do in all cases, you run the
least risk possible to attain the end.
Now, it happens under the jurisprudence of
the United States that a very large share of its
faculties are carried on by notice just like this.
All proceedings in rem involving the forfeiture
and condemnation of property, involving prize
and belligerent rights, are commenced and
carried on where personal service is incon-
venient, where the party is not within the reach
of the process of the court in that identical
district, and sometimes when he is, by a notice
like this, only much shorter ; and yet the world
has gone on for nearly a hundred years in this
country without anybody being harmed by it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the unfinished
business before the Senate is the amnesty bill,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can soon get
through with this matter. I hope the Senator
from Massachusetts will let the amnesty bill
pass by informally for a few minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
passing over informally for a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be passed
over informally, subject to a call for the regu-
lar order; and the Senator from Vermont is
still entitled to thefloor onSenatebill No. 353,
which remains before the body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I have said all
that 1 desired to sav.
Mr. FIIELINGHUYSEN. I agree entirely
with the Senator from Illinois and the Senator
from Vermont, that no difficulty ean arise out
of this provision. We have in all the States,
familiar to all the lawyers, a provision just
like it in proceedings for the foreclosure of
mortgages. If a party has a mortgage, it may
be for a few hundred dollars, on property, lie
can bring all the prior incumbrances into court,
if they are out of the State, by means of just
such a notice. It is a familiar practice. But
I would suggest an alteration in the section
which probably would make it more accept-
able to the Senator from Wisconsin. Let it
read that the act is hereby amended "so as
to authorize the notice required by said act to
be given personally out of the.disrict, or at
the discretion of the court, by publication in
some newspaper." &c.
There is a difficulty, I suppose, under the
law now in giving a personal notice out of the
district. This makes such a personal notice
lawful, and it leaves it to the discretion of the
court whether the notice shall be personal, as
it ought to be if it is practicable, or be by this
publication. I would call the attention of the
Senator from Wisconsin to that amendment,
and perhaps it will be agreeable to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey move this as an amend-
ment to the first section?
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
have priority of a motion to strike out.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Imovetoamend
the section by inserting after the word "'given,"
tbe words "personally out of the district, or
at the discretion of the court."
Sir. TRUMBULL. As far as I am con-
cerned, I am willing to accept the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion to strike out the first
seeiion as amended.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think this
