1872.
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
4011
two. Now, Mr. President, the pending sec-
tion reads:
That seetion sixty-three of the act of 1864 shall be
amended by striking out " two" in the eleventh line
and inserting " fifteen."
1 beg to observe that that gives no informa-
tion to anybody, unless a person thoroughly
informed, and freshly informed, too, by an
examination of the act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the act before
me ; it is a very long section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add as an additional section
the following:
Sec. 27. That all internal taxes now assessed or
liable to be assessed against, but not collected from
shipbuilders as manufacturers, under section four
•of the act of March 31. 1868, entitled " An act to
exempt certain manufacturers from internal tax,
and lor other purposes," for salesof vessels, be, and
the same are hereby, remitted, and no further as-
sessments shall be made on account thereof.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose there is some
good reason why this tax should be remitted ;
but what is it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason is simply
this : it was not the intention of the act taxing
manufacturers to tax ship-builders ; but the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue classed
themwiththe building of a ship as a manufac-
ture. Such was not the intention of the act.
That is all there is in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sf.c. 28. That prior to the 1st day of January, 1873,
it shall be the duty of the President, and he is hereby
authorized and directed, to reduce the internal rev-
enue districts in the United States to not exceeding
sixty in number, and for that purpose he may unite
two or more districts or States, or Territories, into
one district, and he shall designate from among the
existing revenue officers^ one collector and one
assessor for each new district, or at his discretion he
may, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, nominate and appoint new officers for such
new district; and the collector and assessor so des-
ignated or appointed shall give bond according to
law, and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and required, prior to the 1st day of
January, 1873, to reduce the number of internal
revenue assistant assessors, inspectors, gangers, store-
keepers, and the clerks, and employes in the Inter-
nal Itevenue Bureau to as small a number as is con-
sistent with the performance of the reduced duties
ot the service, and that he report to Congress at its
next session the reduction made under this act, and
such iurther changes in the organization of the
internal revenue service as will promote its effi-
ciency and economy.
Mr. POMEROY. I-yish to ask the Senator
from Ohio whether it is absolutely necessary
to provide by law that the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, may appoint a man to
office when there is a vacancy ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the usual form.
Mr. POMEROY. But it is provided for
by law now. Why do you want to provide
for it over and over again ? It is in the Con-
stitution, and it is in several other statutes.
Whenever there is a vacancy in any office it
is to be filled in that way of course. Why
provide for it over again ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is well
aware that Congress may give the appoint-
ment of these officers to the head of a De-
partment, and in some cases it has been
done.
Mr. POMEROY. Butwhere it isnot given
to the head of a Department, it is in the Presi-
dent by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senatorobject?
Mr. POMEROY. No; I only wanted to
know here why it is repeated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the first line of this
amendment J move to strike out the word
"January," and insert in lieu thereof " Octo-
ber," and ill the next line to strikeout " three"
and insert " two;" so that it will reifi:
That prior to the 1st day of October, 1872, it shall
be the duty of the President, &c.
It will be- remembered that two years ago
Congress passed a law authorizing the Presi-
dent to consolidate the coHection and assess-
ment districts; the law w£s passed in 1870.
It authorized the President " to annex to and
unite with each other two or more adjoining
collection districts whenever in his opinion it
will reduce the expense of collecting the reve-
nue *  -hout impairing the efficiency of the
service, and thereupon he shall retain but one
collector and one assessor for such enlarged
district." The same act, passed about two
years since, directed a reduction of assistant
assessors. When the internal revenue law -was
first passed we levied taxes upon many hun-
dred articles; it was a complicated system ;
and a great variety of articles were taxed in
order to carry into operation that new system.
Taxing so many articles, it was necessary to
have a great number of officers; and a col-
lector and assessor were appoipted in each
congressional district throughout the United
States, making some two hundred and forty or
two hundred and fifty. Two years ago we
repealed the internal tax upon ail-but perhaps
a dozen articles, and the President was author-
ized to consolidate the districts and reduce
the number of officers ; but up to the present
time not twenty districts have been consol-
idated throughout the United States. In my
State there has not been one. We have the
same number of collectors and assessors that
we had when we were taxing a thousand arti-
cles, instead of taxing a dozen. Now it is
proposed to repeal internal taxes upon every-
thing excepting spirits, fermented liquors,
tobacco in its various forms, and perhaps a
bank tax. There certainly can be no occasion
for all these officers. The law is to go into
effect on the 1st day of July repealing these
taxes in most cases, and it goes into effect as
to all of them on the 1st of October.
Now, Mr. President, why should all these
officers be continued until January next V Let
us reduce them. It costs some five or six
million dollars to collect the internal rev-
enue of the country. There is no occasion for
these officers; and when the taxes are repealed
from this great variety of articles we should
discharge the officers. That should be one
great object, and I therefore make this motion,
which will require the President of the United
States on the 1st of October next to reduce
the number of collectors and assessors with-
out waiting until January and until after the
election to do it. Let it be done before the
election.
Mr. MORRILL, of Yermont. I am quite
astonished that a Senator of as much experi-
ence and as much knowledge in relation to
taxation and financial affairs as the Senator
from Illinois, should take the position he has
taken in relation to this matter. Here are all
the stamp taxes continued to the 1st of October,
and prior to that time he asks the Govern-
ment to dismiss every collector and assessor
except sixty. As a matter of course, it will
take a very considerable time to combine
these districts into so small a number as
even sixty. The idea that there will be no
business to be done after the 1st of October
is incorrect, and it is utterly surprising to
me that the Senator should >ake any such posi-
tion. The Senate Finance Committee were
even doubtful whether ninety days was a long
enough time to close up this business. There
must be time for the collection of arrears of
taxes in a great many instances. The income
tax is not all collected yet, and will not be for
some months to come.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be collected
before October.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not all of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It ought to
be, but all of it will not be. Therefore it is
putting avery lieavy load upon the administra-
tion ot the office to close up business as early
as the 1st of Jauuary, ninety days after we
repeal these taxes, and even after that there is
to be a large amount of revenue collected.
The taxes on liquors and on tobacco and on
beer remain in all of these districts to be col-
lected by the same collectors until the dis-
tricts are condensed and combined together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. TheSenator misunder-
stands me. My motion is not to discharge all
the officers; it leaves sixty, the same number
that the section provides for. It only provides
that this section shall go into effect in Octo-
ber instead of in January. Let the Senator
answer this: why have not one hundred of
these districts been consolidated a year ago?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator merely means to scold, I do not propose
to reply to him. I merely propose to answer
the objections to the present proposition. The
present proposition is to reduce about one
hundred and sixty officers. The business of
those officers must be closed up, and ninety
days is as short a time as it can be done in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that it was determined, 1
think fairly and justly, to postpone the com-
pulsory consolidation of districts until the 1st
of January for a very obvious reason. In
March, 1869, we had twenty-seven hundred
assistant assessors. They have now been re-
duced to thirteen hundred, of whom one hun-
dred are only employed specially during the
collection of the income tax, and they will be
dispensed with. The reason why there was
not a consolidation of districts before under
the permissive authority granted to the Presi-
dent, was because it was believed while the
present tax system remained it was impossible
to do it with any economy. It was done to
some extent, but not very largely. The num-
ber was reduced from two hundred and forty-
three to two hundred and thirty-two.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only a reduction of
eleven in two years I
Mr. SHERMAN. Do not interrupt me,
please. The Senator will see that that would
make no difference; it would not promote
economy, because these officers are paid by
fees or by a certain percentage. Consequently
whether there were many or few did not make
so much difference, and as the income tax was
still in force, and special taxes like the tax on
sales, and the monthly taxes, it was necessary
to have collectors and assessors in the various
districts. But by this bill we repeal all
monthly taxes ; the income tax has expired ;
all the taxes of a general character are now
repealed except simply one, an annual tax, and
the tax on whisky, tobacco, and beer. I did
suppose when this section was introduced
making it mandatory on the President to reduce
the internal revenue force to sixty collectors
and assessors in the United States, we should
have the cordial and hearty thanks of the Sen-
ator from Illinois and everybody in the Senate,
instead of a complaint that we did not make
it take effect three months earlier.
Why, sir, many of those taxes continue until
October, many of them will not be collected
for six months; many of the taxes, although
repealed after the 1st of July, are not really
collectible until after that, time; they are not
assessed until sixty days afterward, and a suffi-
cient, time must be allowed to collect them ;
and the 1st of January, was the very earliest
day that any one thought it was possible to
make this consolidation. If in the mean time
the President can reduce the districts before
the 1st of January, he has the power to do it,
but then he must by the mandate of the law
do it. In the mean time the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized and required to reduce
the internal revenue force in all its depart-
ments to as low a number as possible, and he
is required to report his action to Congress so
that we may see whether or not he has per-
formed his duty.
M-r. TRUMBULL. I would like to ask a
question of the Senator from Ohio. I under-
stood him to say that these officers arc paid
by fees. I do not so understand by law. They
