1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3115
embarrassing in one of my tender years to
oppose him. [Laughter.] However, I dare
to do, holding some statistics in my hand,
that which I should not dare to do if I
were less sustained.
The honorable Senator from Ohio has done
one good thing and he has got frightened at it,
and I pity him. He voted well the other day ;
but some ghost appeard to him through the
night and he dare not follow it up to-day. I
want to read a little article which will now be
regarded as authority here, written by the
nominee of the late Cincinnati convention,
that is the bugbear of the Republican party. I
read from the New York Tribune :
" We do not favor the subsidizing of"—
And here I want to say that the candidate
for the Presidency and my friend from Ohio
disagree; I know which will be authority
now.
"We do not favor the subsidizing of any line of
ocean steamships to run from our own ports to those
of western Europe. The people of Great Britain,
France, and Germany having the start of us in arts
and manufactures, are only too happy to exchange
their wares and fabrics for our food, cotton, and
other raw, bulky staples. The advantage in such a
trade is all on their side, and they may be trusted to
furnish, as many steamships as tho trade will war-
rant.
,4But in trading with countries whose industry is
ruder and more primitive than ours—those ot Span-
ish America and Australia, China, and Japan, for
example—the advantage is on our side. We sell
them axes, saws, sewing-machines, serviceable fab-
rics, &c., and receive in exchange raw materials and
the precious metals. It is and long will be our in-
terest to cultivate, foster, and extend this trade,
which depresses none of our own industries, but
stimulates and expands them all.
"We look, therefore, with favor on the proposal
of a subsidy to the Jine of ocean steamers to Aus-
tralia which private enterprise has established. That
line is not yet self-supporting, because the trade
which supports it is small, though rapidly growing.
We are Australia's nearest civilized neighbor, and
her wants, in many respects, are such as our artisans
can best supply. Her people have done their part
toward the good work ia hand; wc trust ours may
do likewise. Let us not repel the warm hand which
the young giant of the southern hemisphere has
stretched across the Pacific to grasp our own. We
ought to have a line of steamship5! hence through
the West Indies to the Spanish Main at or near
tho mouth of the Magdalena"—
Which every man of sense knows to be
wise—
"we ought to run another from Panama down the
coast to the chief ports of Peru and Chili. If these
must wait, let us at least maintain that which
already connects us with Australia."
I have in my hand an article from the New
York Herald which advocates the same thing.
But I will not detain the Senate by reading
that. My friend has underrated this Austra-
lian trade. I hold in my hand a little state-
ment made of three quarters for the last six
months of the imports at the ports of San
Francisco, New York, and Boston. Collector
Phelps, of San Francisco, reports the amount
of duties paid on imports from Australia for
the year 1869-70 at $111,000; the report for
1871 is not complete, but for the first quarter
of the year 1872 they exceed the sum of
$200,000. The total duties paid on direct
imports from Australia at the ports of New
Yoik, Boston, and San Francisco, for the
six months ending May 1, 1872, amount to
$855,774 45.
Mi-. SHERMAN. Do the Senator's statis-
tics show how much of that is brought by sail-
ing vessels, and how much is derived from
this line?
Mr. NYE. I did not stop to inquire into
that, for it is quite immaterial. It shows that
the trade is growing, and if sailing vessels
bring that amouut, most certainly steam vessels
can bring more.
Now, Mr. President, I will read a little more.
I hold in my hand some information upon this
subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) The Senator's time has
expired.
Mr. NYE. I hope I may have two minutes
more.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the Sen-
ator's time be extended.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion is made, and the Senator from Nevada
will proceed.
Mr. NYE. The following is from the-Age,
of Melbourne, Australia, of February 24, 1872 :
" Mr. Webb, the principal owner of the steamers
which convey the mails between San Francisco and
Auckland, under contract with the New Zealand
government, and Mr. Julius Yogel, the treasurer of
that colony, are now in Yictoria, with the object of
obtaining a subsidy from the local government for
carrying our letters to Europe and America by the
Pacific route. The service is at present conducted at
a considerable loss to the owners, and at a great
cost; yet since this American line has been in oper-
ation our people are beginning to see the great
advantage, and how important it is becoming to
extend our relations, personal aud commercial, with
the whole continent of America; and these are be-
coming of great and increasing importance. Up to
the present year there have been no exports from
Australia to America, and the imports during 1869
only amounted to £582,597, or less than from Mau-
ritius. But during the wool season, which is now
nearly over, American buyers have for the first time
visited this city for the purpose of buying Australian
wool. Their operations have been on so extensive a
scalc that ships conveying seventeen thousand bales,
valued at £-340,000, have already been dispatched to
New York. Boston, and San Francisco, and oneves-
sel, the Lizzie Watson, has, during the last few days,
sailed with two thousand bales to Montreal, in the
Dominion of Canada.
"There is every reason to believe that this trade,
large as it has already become, is only in its infancy.
The Americans manufacture broadcloth to a verv
considerable extent, and have thus become large
consumers of merino wool. Hitherto they have
purchased in the London market, but by buying in
Melbourne, which is the cntvrpdt of the wool trade
in this hemisphere, they save the whole of the items
of brokerage, sampling, selling, &c., in London,
the freight, insurance, and other charges between
London and New York, together with an extra half-
penny a pound, which is imposed upon all wool
imported into America shipped from countries west
of the Cape of Good Hopo. The savings between
purchasing first hand in Melbourne and second
hand in London amount to very nearly two and a
half pence per pound on greasy wool, the only sorts
in which, owing to the high tariff upon scoured wools,
any of the American buyers who visited us during
the past season lelt inclined to operate. In future
years freights between Melbourne and New York
are likely to fall lower than those which have ruled
during the wool season of 1871-72, and our trans-
pacific friends will be able to give nearly the same
prices which rule in London, and still save the extra
half penny per pound which, under their tariff, is
levied upon wool imported from England. The
strong probability, therefore, is that with the facili-
ties afforded by Mr. Wehb'sst,earners and thePacific
railway, the weight of Australian wool bought upon
American account will annually increase. During
the present season 107,904 bales have passed through
the hands of Melbourne and Geelong brokers; of
these less than 20,000 bales, or one fifth, have been
shipped to America. Next year the piopordon will
probably increase. One result of this large export
trade will be that Victoria will be visited by au in-
creased number ot ships from the United States,
anxious for a share in the wool trade; freights will
become lower, the consumption of American goods
will grow larger, and our trade with New York and
Boston will bo only second to that with London and
Liverpool.
"Yet this is not all the interest this colony has m
this trade. Nearly every departing steamer has
carried away numbers of our people who go to buy
of American merchants and manufacturers their
wares of every description, which these colonies
have heretofore ordered in England. We have re-
peatedly, of late, published the late shipments from
New York and Boston for Australia.
"The shipments from those points, as well as San
Francisco, are enormously increased from anything
heretofore.
"So far we have alluded to exports of wool only
from this one colony, yet there is a long list of other
colonial products to help the balance of trade that
must be against us. Two vessels are now full, and
will sail from Auckland. The Fcrndale, for New
York, had on board 439 bales flax, 50 b.igs gum, 2
hales wool, 22 bales tow, a quantity of tow lashings,
281 bags gum, 87 cases gum, 525 cases gum, 525 cases
gum, 559 cases gum, 94 cases gum—Robeit Walker
& Co.; 1,215 cases gum, 324 bales flux—Holph,
Sterry & Co. The follwing will show the value of
the cargo:
Kauri gum—2,811 cases and bags, 282 tons... £7,975
Flax—693 bales, 761 tons 
Tow—22 bales, 2i tons  JO
Wool—2 bales, £ ton  3s
Quantity of tow lashings   3
Total value  £10.026
"The bark Queensland, also for New York. Her
cargo comprised 1,853 cises kauri gum, 288 bags
kauri gum, in bulk, 24 tons kauri gum, 93 bales
flax, 14 bales tow lashings—Rulph, Sterry, & to.;
601 cases kauri gum, 294 bales flax—R. " alker &
Co.; 144 balee flax. Must & Co. The following gives
an estimate of the value of the cargo;
Flax—546 bales, 64 tons 59 cw't  £1,661
Gum—2,742 cases and bags*, 277 tons 12 cwt. ... 8,278
In bulk, 21 tons  312
Total value    £10,251
"The Velocidale has sailed for Boston from
Lyttleton with 1,540 bales of wool.
"The Formosa has arrived at Melbourne from
New York with a full cargo of American goods,
among which was nearly one thousand packages of
manufactured articles.
"With*such facts staring them in the face, and
with such bright prospects in the future, the local
government, as well as that of Washington, would
be amply justified in granting a subsidy to tho
Webb line of steamers."
If the Senate will bear with me one minute
I wish to say a word further. A person has
closed his eyes to our geograpical locality who
fails to see not far in the future a commerce
growing up between us and Australia and the
intermediate islands almost equal to that be-
tween us and any single one, save England, of
the countries on the Atlantic. Australia is
almost as large as our continent, larger than
our own former possessions were here, and it
produces everything that we grow in America ;
it also produces many things that we do not
grow, and these many things that we do not
grow are to be received in exchange for oar
own manufactured articles. Why, sir, when I
was crossing the Rocky mountains in the snow
I met twenty car loads of machinery bound
for Australia, battling the drifts on the Rocky
mountains; machinery of our own manufac-
tures, too, bound for San Francisco, to go
thence to Australia. Now, if this can be done
in the green tree, what will be done in the
dry ?
I know it is a popular thing to cry " anti-
subsidy." I have heard it before. I have
read the history of those who were burned in
effigy for their first vote for the Erie canal,
but they outlived all the little narrow preju-
dices that surrounded them. They seized what
was essential to success when they opened the
waters between the lakes and the ocean. It
has been the future generations that have
reaped the fruit, and its fruits have but just
begun to ripen. So with this line of steamers.
They start from San Francisco, and wend their
way seven thousand miles, opening a commu-
nication essential to the harmony ot the com-
mercial world ; and yet we are told that it will
not support itself; we are coldly told to let it
be till it will. Sir, everything has to creep
before it can walk. The nations of the earth
are reaching out for commercial supremacy,
and the simple question is whether we shall
sit down and let them reach and gather, or
whether we will reach out ourselves and take
this rich reward that is by every geographical
consideration our own.
i hope that these great measures for com-
merce are not to be kicked aside at, once and
laid on the table in a furor of fearful passion.
I tell you, Mr. President, that the present
generation, and those who come, will praise
the wisdom of those who made the effort,
even if they failed to grasp this important
commerce for our own people. I hope men
will vote upon this as they would vote upon
any other consideration, and in a commercial
and economical view I think it challenges at
least the candid judgment of every rational
man.
I hope, sir, that this measure will prevail.
I believe it is freighted with great good to this
country. It is not for the Pacific coast alone.
What is good for her is good for Ohio. We
have no separate interests; the Pacific slope
shares in the glory and growing prosperity ot
Ohio as much as it shares in the piospeuty ot
her own States. We are but the gate-way, and
the East and the intermediate space teceive
the fruit of it. Weare the gate way, and stand-
ing in that gate and looking out and seeing
the advantages that naturally pertain to this
