316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_May 20,
Senate.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
It is sought now to make it of still further ser- !|
vice. The rebellion, which demands the exer- |j
cise of this martial law, which has brought |j
this measure forward, and which will possibly
force it through this House and the other, is
not any insurrection or rebellion at the South.
It is clear, it is manifest, it is undeniable that
no rebellion, no resistance to the law exists in
any State of the South. It is not even asserted
that it, exists there. But, sir, there is a re-
bellion in the Republican ranks, and that is
what makes it necessary to take these extra-
ordinary means to secure the reelection of the
President. The outrages which his adminis-
tration have inflicted upon the country, which
have been investigated and exposed upon this
floor and the floor of the other Mouse during
this and preceding sessions of Congress, have
caused an uprising among the honest and re-
spectable Republicans throughout the country.
That is the rebellion which the Administration
apprehends more than any other. They would
give a prize, a premium for any outbreak at
the South wliicli would justify them now in
exercising these great powers, or justify Con-
gress in granting them to the President to save
him from his own maladministration, to save
him from the results of these indiscretions
which have shown him to be unfit to occupy
the place which he holds, which have lost him
the confidence of the country.
Mr. President, in South Carolina during the
last election a similar condition of affairs ex-
isted in respect to the attitude of parties as
that which now exists in the country at large.
The carpet bag State government of South
Caroiinahad committed such infamies that all
decent men were aroused against them. No-
body now undertakes to defend or uphold them.
They plundered the State right and left. A
people stricken as the people of South Caro-
lina were, from whom everything that they
had was swept by the war, have been saddled
with a debt of over twenty million dollars by
the thieving carpet-bag government forced
upon them by the bayonets of the Federal
Government. So shocking and disgusting was
the conduct of those who administered the
affairs of the State that even decent carpet-
baggers revolted and turned against them. I
will read to the Senate from page 524 of the
report the estimate placed upon his colleagues
by Mr. Chamberlain, who is the attorney
general of South Carolina. Mr. Chamberlain
appeared before the committee. He is cer-
tainly a very intelligent man, and his manners
are those of a gentleman. His expressions of
disgust at the corrupt practices of his col-
leagues in office were such as to give all who
heard him a good opinion of his integrity as a
man. He writes a letter to William L. Tren-
holm, late secretary of the treasury of the
confederacy, in which he says :
"1 propose to lay aside all partisanship, and sim-
ply to state tacts as I conceive them to exist. Let
us look at our State when the reconstruction acts
first took effect in 1868.
"A social revolution had been accomplished; an
entire reversal of the political relations of most of
our people had ensued. The class which formerly
held all the political powers of our State were
stripped of all.
" The class which had formerly been less than
citizens, with no political power or social position,
were made the sole depositaries of the political pow-
ers of the State. X refer now to the practical re-
sults, not to theories. The numerical relations of
the two races here were such that one race, under
the new laws, held absolute political control of the
State.
"The attitude and action of both races, under
these new conditions, while not unnatural, was, I
must, think, unwise and unfortunate Oneracestood
aloft and haughtily refused to seeh the confidence
of the race wbieh was just entering on its new pow-
ers; while the other race qujckly grasped all the
political power which the new order of things had
placed within their rea,ch.
" From the nature of the case, the one race were
devoid of political experience, of all or nearly all
education, and depended mainly for all these quali-
ties upon those who, for the most part, chanced to
have drifted here from other States, or who. in very
rare instanoes, being former residents of the State,
now allied themselves with theother race. No man of
common prudence, or who was even slightly familiar
with the workings of social forces, could have then
failed to see that the elements which went to com-
pose the now dominant party were not of the kind
which produce public virtue and honor, or which
could long secure even public order and peace.
" I make all just allowance for exceptional cases
of individual character, hut I say that the result to
be expected, from the very nature of the situation
in 1868, was that a scramble for office would ensue
among the members of the party in power, which,
again, from the nature of the case, must result in
filling the offices of the State, local and general, with
men of no capacity, and little honesty or desire to
really serve the public.
"The nation had approved the reconstruction
measures, not because they seemed to be free of
danger, nor because they were blind to the very
grave possibilities of future evils, but in the hope
that the one race, wearing its new laurels and using
its new powers with modesty and forbearance,
would gradually remove the prejudices and enlist
the sympathies and cooperation of the other race,
until a lair degree of political homogeneity should
be reached, and race lines should cease to mark the
limits of political parties.
" Three years have passed, and the result is—
what? Incompetency, dishonesty, corruption in
all its forms, have 'advanced their miscreated
frontshave put to flight the small remnant that
opposed them, and now rule the party which rules
the State.
" You may imagine the chagrin with which I
make this statement. Truth alone compels it. My
eyes see it; alt my senses testify to the startling and
sad fact. I can never be indifferent to anything
which touches the fair fame of that great national
party to which all my deepest convictions attach
me. and I repel the libel wbieh the party bearing
that name in this State is daily pouring upon us. I
a_ra a Republican by habit, by conviction, by asso-
ciation ; but my Republicanism is not, I trust, com-
posed solely of equal parts of ignorance and rapa-
city. Such is the plain statement of the present
condition of the dominant party of our State."
That, to use the phraseology indulged in by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, is not my
language; that is not my description of the
party iu power in South Carolina. That is
the language of perhaps the only honest man
in South Carolina that belongs to that party.
My eyes did not rest on the Senators from
that State at the moment I made that expres-
sion. I of course had no reference to either
of the Senators who sit on this floor, and I
used a more sweeping expression than I
intended at the time. I certainly made no
allusiou to either of the Senators.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator will allow
me a moment ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not for a moment
suppose that the Senator did have allusion to
the Senators on this floor from South Carolina,
for I trust that his intercourse with those Sen-
tors has not been such as to induce him to
make a remark of that kind, which could
include either of them ; but I think he is
quite wide of the mark when he says that
Mr. Chamberlain is the only honest man,
perhaps, who belongs to the Republican party
in South Carolina. On the other hand, if he
will allow me to trespass on his patience for
one moment, I will suggest that I believe the
rank and file of the Republican party in South
Carolina, as I believe the rank and file of
every other political party in this country, is
honest there as elsewhere; and that while
vicious, wicked, corrupt men have come to be
at the helm in certain State affairs there, the
corruption has not been any more marked m
the present State government among the Re-
publicans than among those Democrats who
have affiliated themselves with them.
Mr. BLAIR. I am very glad to be able to
say that the expression which I used, which I
took occasion to modify immediately and dis-
claim, was not intended to apply to either of
the Senators; indeed it was not intended to
apply lo any except those who have been from
time t,o time in the management of the affairs
of South Carolina who have been utterly cor-
rupt aud dishonest, who are not only a dis-
credit to the Republican party, but a discredit
to the human race; and I am very glad that
the Senator has reminded me of what I and
everybody else ought to know, that the great
body and mass of this country of all parties
are honest. They have no interest in being
otherwise, and especially in reference to mat-
ters of Government.
I have to confess my obligations to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina also for his charac-
terization of those who have controlled the
affairs of that State, although they may happen
to be of bis own party. They are the vilest
perhaps of all the vile men who have obtained
power iu the South since our unfortunate and
deplorable war, and who have fastened upon
the States of the South an immense debt under
which future generations will groan. They
have been guilty of crimes, not only against
those who have offended by rebelling agaiu.st
this Government, they have been guilty of
crimes agaiust unborn generations ; they have
been guilty of crimes against both races, in com-
parison with which Kukluxism is a mere blot,
though a foul blot. They have perverted the
public sentiment, and they have loaded with a
burden which will perhaps last forever the
unfortunate people of that portion of our
country.
Senators who defend the President's action
admit the enormous corruption, the profli-
gacy, the vile and scaudalous bribery which
has characterized those governments. They
excuse it by declaring that they were an
ignorant people, and had to be called to the
exercise of functions to which they were
totally unfitted and unfamiliar, but that it was
riecessary for the safety of those people. I do
not see how any Senator can make such an
assertion in the face of the country. It is not
for their safety that any people are put under
the control of iguorant and vicious men. It
is not for the good or for the safety of any
people that the powers of a State should be
placed iu the hands of the most ignorant of its
population. It had a different purpose, a pur-
pose well known. The purpose was to get the
electoral vote of those States, to keep the Rad-
ical party in power. If they had tio other
purpose than the safety of the ignorant people,
if they had been convinced that they were
unsafe in the hands of the white people of the
South, they were equally unsafe in the hands
of those who in their ignorance they would ele-
vate, if allowed to vote, to public position. The
only way to have acted, if that was the con-
viction that animated Senators and members
of Congress, was to govern those Sitates by
men appointed by the President of the United
States, or under the authority of Congress.
But that would not have given those States
votes to be cast at the presidential election.
That would not have sent a subservient Con-
gress here to vote in the interest, not of their
own sectijn, but in a hostile interest. That
was palpably the purpose of this reconstruc-
tion, of giving the vote to the negroes and
depriving the white men of the control of
affairs in the South. It was not the apprehen-
sion that the white men of the South would
inflict injury upon them, because if that had
been the conviction the only sale mode, the
only way of safety to the negro himself that
Congress could have acted upon would have
been to reserve the power in the General
Government to govern them as conquered
provinces.
Mr. President, I find it impossible, in any
reasonable length of time, to quote even a
tithe of the evidence to show the deplorable
condition of affairs in South Carolina which
led to these disturbances. The most condensed
statement of them which I find is that of Judge
Carpenter, the Reform candidate for Governor
iu 1870, found on page 387. He says :
"Question. State now what is thegencral condition
