428
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
bill ought not to be passed hastily. I cannot
conceive of a more delicate and even danger-
ous process than that of restoring the records
of a court where the particular terms and
phraseology depend entirely upon memory,
the records being destroyed, all the original
papers destroyed. The rights of parties may
turn entirely upon the particular phraseology
and terms of the record, often very volumin-
ous, and where even the clerk of the court or
the judge himself can have but a very imper-
fect recollection of its terms. And surely this
should never be done except upon giving to all
the parties in interest an opportunity of being
present and of being heard, to see that a record
shall be framed as nearly as possible like that
which existed before. It seems to me that this
bill ought to be very carefully guarded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is not a new law,
I will inform the Senator from Indiana. The
law now authorizes the restoration of records.
The only change is that this bill allows notice
to be given by publication where it is imprac-
ticable to give it by personal service. That is
all the change in the first section.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word
further. What may be a general law might
not be sufficient in a case of this kind, where
the records of a court for years back have
been destroyed. It seems to me that the
wholesale restoration of records, such as is
contemplated by this bill, ought to be guarded
with, great care. The parties in interest are
presumed themselves to have the best remem-
brance of what the record contained, better
than the mere passing remembrance of the
officers of the court; and where a record,
which is to control the title to land or per-
haps the entire fortune of an individual, is to
be restored, to become binding on him and all
his representatives thereafter, it ought to be
done only on the fullest consideration, and on
the fullest opportunity for getting it exactly as
it was before.
Mr. CONKLING. I asked the honorable
Senator from Vermont whether he had known,
whether bis attention had been drawn by pe-
tition or otherwise, to cases where it was im-
possible in the ordinary way to reestablish
records. Jly honorable friend, of course sin-
cerely, misunderstanding the question that I
put to him, proceeded to answer oh 110 ; he
did not know by petition that a fire had hap-
pened in Chicago ; but stiil he knew it. Now,
with less information than he has, i know, too,
the fact that in Chicago, and elsewhere in the
experience of man, records have been lost.
The point of my inquiry was whether it had
been brought to his notice that under the
statute as it stands now, meritorious parties
were unable to establish their rights because
of the notice they are required to give. I think
my honorable friend will agree with me that
that was quite a pertinent question, and quite
a proper fact to be known if it exists, by
petition or otherwise.
Now, Mr. President, let us see in very few
words what tliis question is. We have a stat-
ute now under whieh, without any notice at
a!!, I beg to remind my honorable friend from
Indiana in aid of his argument, the court may
establish every record which exists every-
where by copy or by any o'her circumstance
which enables it to be reestablished truth-
fully. I send to the Secretary and ask him to
read the first, section of the act of March 3,
1871. and I call the attention of the Senate to
it for <he purpose of showing that we want 110
new statutes, that no notice at all is required
to be nerved 011 anybody in order to reestab-
lish every record which resides anywhere, in
any species of information which enables it to
be reestablished exactly as it was. I ask the
Secretary to read the section.
The Chief Clerk read the first section of
the act relating to records of the courts of
the United States, approved March 3, 1871,
as follows :
"That whenever the record of judgment ordeoree,
or other proceeding of any judicial court of the
United States shall have been or shall hereafter be
lost or destroyed, any party or person interested
therein may, on application to such court, and on
showing to the satisfaction of such court that the
same has been lost or destroyed without fault or
neglect of the party or person making such applica-
tion, obtain an order from such court authorizing
such dcfcct to be supplied by a duly certified copy
of such original record, where the same can be ob-
tained, which certified copy shall thereafter have
the same effect as such original rccord would have
had in all respects."
Mr. CONKLING. Now, the Senate will
see that wherever a certified copy can be ob-
tained, wherever there are any elements npon
record or elsewhere out of which a certified
copy of the lost record can be constructed,
there, without any notice by newspaper or per-
sonal service, any party interested may estab-
lish that record. That is pretty broad. It is
pretty broad because when a record is estab-
lished it draws to itself every consequence of
what is known as an estoppel of record; it
binds all the parties, all their privies, all their
assigns, all who stand in their shoes, for all
coming time.
Now, what does the next section of that act
provide ? I shall ask the Secretary to read from
it in a moment. It provides, (the committee
by which it was reported, and the two Houses
adopting it, deeming it essential to be careful,)
that upon a particular notice given to the par-
ties the court may do a great deal more than
this, namely, it may proceed to establish a
record, when in truth all the elements of cer-
tainty have forever disappeared. They may
come as near as 'hey cm to it by entering a
suggestion upon the record. Now, sir, does
not the Senator from Indiana say with great
force that that is a most delicate process? The
flexion of a phrase, the use of one word rather
than another apparently and in general terms
synonimous, might cast an estate one way or
tlie other, and might immutably fix or destroy
the rights of parties. Therefore is the some-
what guarded language which I ask the Secre-
tary now to read, not the whole section, but
commencing with the mark which I have made,
to show the process by which it is to be accom-
plished.
The Chief Clerk read from the second sec-
tion of the act relating to records of the courts
of the United States, as follows:
" Said court shall ca.use said application to be
entered of record in said court, and due notice there-
of shall be given by personal service of acopy there-
of upon each and every person interested therein,
other than the naity <>r person making such applica-
tion, together with written notice that on a day cer-
tain, not less than dixtv days after such service, said
application will be heard by said court."
Mr. CONKLING. That is a safeguard set
up to this doubly precarious proceeding. We
are reminded that the admiralty jurisdiction
knows instances of proceeding in rem, as the
law styles them, without personal notice'. Yes,
sir, if a valuable vessel floats on Lake Erie,
her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and her
hull are all the time exposed in the admiralty
jurisdiction of the country to be libeled.
Does not every man see the safeguard that
exists there? If the Presiding Officer of this
body owns that vessel, wholly or partly, the
presumption is that he will know if his vessel
is libeled ; but, as the Senator from Wisconsin
well said, is that presumption of human inter-
est to extend so far as to suppose that every
citizen of the State of Maine will read every
newspaper in the city of San Francisco, and
ascertain whether anybody, byau unnamed and
general proceeding, proposes to estop him and
his heirs and assigns forever by putting a record
somewhere of lodgment in the city of San
Francisco? 1 submit, not.
My honorable friend from New Jersey says
that there is known to the jurisdiction of the
States a proceeding called a statutory fore-
closure of mortgages. Yes, sir, there is a
statutory foreclosure of a mortgage upon real
estate—a permanent thing, residing there, all
the owners of which are interested in it and
will pay attention to it; but even in that case
does the honorable Senator knew of any statute
which permits the foreclosure of a mortgage
upon notice published in a newspaper, with-
out something more than is provided here?
Is it enough to publish in a newspaper and
show to the court afterward that you have
published in a newspaper a notice to incum-
brancers and the holders of liens and the
representatives of interests in a piece of real
estate as to which you propose to foreclose a
mortgage ? I think the Senator will search in
vain for that. He will find, I think, that the
statutes require the searching out of the resi-
dence of parties, the mailing to those parties
of notice, giving them personal notice if it
can be done, going to the shire town of the
county and posting upon the front door of the
court-house a notice that on such a day such
and such proceedings are to be had. That, I
submit to the honorable Senator, is a very
different thing from publishing in a newspaper
somewhere in this broad realm a notice which
is not required to be sent to anybody, but of
which forty million people are to take notice,
whether they have actual notice or not.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this is a
very improvident and a very unguarded pro-
ceeding, and I return to the question which I
asked of the honorable Senator from Vermont.
It seems to me that when we ascertain by
experience that under a statute so liberal as
that whieh has been read to you, parties are
unable to find the materials with which to
reconstruct a record without notice, and that
under the second section they are unable to
find the place of residence of persons inter-
ested, or the residence of their Represent-
atives, so as to make service upon tiiem as
required by the general statute, it will then be
time enough for us to insert a provision so
broad as this. Nothing but practical demands
and practical difficulties, it seems to mo, can
warrant an enactment so broad as this. It is
not confined to Chicago. It is not confined
to any place, district, or State. It is a gen-
eral, standing enactment, and I think that
the judicial experience of the country has not
demonstrated its need, and certainly I know
of nothing in the Chicago fire which reflects
any light upon the proposition, broad and
glaring as is the light which was shed by that
fire. I submit that we ought not to pass the
bill in this shape.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I do not like to arrest this
discussion, but I think I ought to call for the
order of the day.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think we can
have a vote on this bill ;\i a minute or two.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I understand other
Senators wish to speak. I gave way yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts demand the regular
order ? If he does it cuts off debate on this
bill.
TEE APPOINTING POWER.
_ Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senator to
yield to me for a minute.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to give notice
that to-morrow at one o'clock, if it shall suit
the convenience of the Seriate, I shall call up
the resolution I submitted as to civil service
reform, and ask the indulgence of the Senate
to submit a few remarks upon it.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts demands the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the regular order.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he will not consent that the
regular order be informally passed by, in order
that I may move to take up from the table the
resolution fixing the time of the adjournment
of this session?
Mr. SUMMER. That cannot be done with-
out opening a general debate. It will lead to
debate. I hope the Senator will not regard me
