3116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
line, seeing what it must result in, it seems
strange to us, with the highest consideration
for those who differ from us, that it should not
receive at the hands of the American Congress
that support to which it is entitled.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
like the view which the Senator from Nevada
takes of this question in this respect: that we
should look at it in its commercial aspect;
and it is only in that point of view that I want
to refer to it for a moment,* and if in so doing
I present the same ideas which I endeavored
to present to the Senate a few days ago, I
shall be pardoned, for I know that on a ques-
tion of the importance of this the truth can-
not he too often heard.
In looking at it in a commercial aspect the
question comes what is the commerce between
Australia and the United States? This refers
to commerce between the western coast of
this country and Australia; and the question
is, what is that commerce? I repeat the com-
mercial axiom which I stated a few days ago,
that two countries cannot carry on a profitable
commerce in articles that both have a super-
abundant production of. That is as clearly
susceptible of demonstration as any mathe-
matical axiom.
How is it with Australia and the western
coast of this country? It was stated by the
Senator from Ohio that the productions are
the same—gold in abundance ; and gold can-
not be exchanged for gold with any profit; and
wool surpassing all other articles m value both
on our western coast and in Australia. You
may just as well send your wool from Califor-
nia to Australia to market as to bring it from
Australia to California. When California is
about to produce, as she is this year, between
thirty and forty million pounds of wool,
when that wool is in demand, it cannot be an
advantage to California to bring wool to com-
pete with it; and I am perfectly astonished,
I must say, at the statesmanship of the men
who represent the western coast that would
endeavor, against the natural current of trade
and of business, to draw money from the pub-
lic Treasury to bring into our own market the
very products which they have for the purpose
of competing with them. I am surprised at it.
But 1 am aware, and the gentlemen who are
interested in this question are also aware, that
the transportation of merchandise from Aus-
tralia to California is only a part of the way
to market. They do not expect a market there;
and when you consider this question you have
got to consider the cost of transportation from
Australia by way of California to a market
wherever you shall find it. The wool that is
produced in Australia, which has been brought
to California within the last year, finds no mar-
ket there, but it comes to the Bast. Then the
question comes up whether you can create a
commerce which shall carry freight seven
thousand miles by water and then thirty-five
hundred miles by railroad to market, so as to
compete with merchandise which shall be trans-
ported the whole distance by water.
But gentlemen may say that facts prove that
you can. Why? Simply because you have
been importing wool now. I say that the im-
portation of wool in that direction to-day is
caused not by the natural and general demand
for wool, but simply because of extraordinary
causes. Cast your eye over the entire world
for the past three years and see the effect of
the war m Europe and the effect of the war
here, which led to taking men from the manu-
facturing interests and putting them into the
armies of the world, by which labor was made
deficient, by which the mills in different parts
of the world ceased to operate, and, in conse-
quence of this, the very sheep upon whose
backs the wool grew were slaughtered by
armies for food throughout the world to such
an extent that when peace returned and when
the mills and the machinery in the different
part of the world were put in operation there
sprang forth a demand for wool which was not
found, and because it was not found wool ad-
vanced to such a price that it paid for this extra
expense of transportation that it might be
brought to market in haste.
I have said that this line between California
and Australia was only a part of the route
over which this merchandise must be trans-
ported. I was told but a day or two since, by
a gentleman who I doubt not knows, that the
cost of transporting heavy articles like wool
from Australia to the eastern States is only
forty dollars per ton, two cents per pound.
But thirty dollars per ton goes to the railroad
company,and the steamship gets but ten dollars.
The steamship does not charge enough and they
cannot charge enough to get remunerative pay.
Therefore, to encourage them to go contrary
to the ordinary course of business and the
channels of commerce, you must put your
hands in the public Treasury and pay them the
deficiency.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator's
time has expired.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to finish his remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator from Con-
necticut will proceed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. But it is said that
this is a fine mail route, that the transportation
of the mails across the continent amounts to
tens and hundreds of tons. For whom? For
the British Government, not for our own peo-
ple. Here, then, we are endeavoring to deplete
the public Treasury that we may pay our men
for transporting mails for the British Govern-
ment at a price cheaper than they can transport
them.
Is this wise? Is this statesmanship? I think
not. But it is said you must encourage com-
merce. Well, I would like to encourage com-
merce. 1 do not know but that this will aid
it in some measure, but it is not a remedy for
our depressed commerce. The plan suggested
by the honorable Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] is far better. As I said the other
day, the running of ships is not commerce ;
but the running of ships may aid in educating
men to the sea, which, m connection with our
Navy at a future day, may aid in the defense
of our country. But it would be far better in
my judgment and far wiser to send your steam-
ships on some lines where there is a business,
than to send them to Australia, where there is
none except you force one. Better far for the
interests of commerce to subsidize a line to
Bremen or to Liverpool than to Australia.
Why, here are men in the legal profession who
claim to have talents superior to many men ;
at least I grant that they have; and I ask you
as professional men if you were to commence
business anew and start in life, would you go
to some retired spot where there was no busi-
ness, or would you go to a place where there
was life, vigor, animation? So I ask the man
who would engage in mercantilebusiness, where
would he go? Would he go where there was
no business? No, sooner would he go to the
city of New York or to the city of San Fran-
cisco, where there was a business, where he
might compete, and where, if he had the ability
and energy, he would acquire a business.
Mr. NYE. Will my honorable friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Suppose he had to go to either
of those cities, must there not be somebody
there for him to do business with?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am willing any-
body should go that wants to. But it is said
that this is the only line which we can secure,
because every other line is subsidized. That
may or may not be so; I believe it is not; but
we can subsidize some lines and put them on
the same track with other steamers, with other
lines, and in my judgment accomplish much
more than we can accomplish by this proposi-
tion.
Mr. President, I said that the eastern part
of this country is the place where the products
of Australia seek a market; and if you will
look at the returns made to the Treasury you
will find that within the last year or more an
extra amount of shipping has gone and come
between Boston and New York and Australia.
It is in consequence of the very demand which
has sprung up here for wool and the products
of those islands, and they must as a matter of
necessity come direct, and come in your ves-
sels with sails, too, rather than your steamers;
for you can never bring them so cheap through
San Francisco and overland as you can in the
direct way by sea ; and the market will never
permit you to pay the extra cost except in an
emergency where the demand cannot be sup-
plied at once.
I will not occupy the time of the Senate
further.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I feel it obliga-
tory upon me to make some statements which
will be in response to the honorable Senator
from Connecticut who has just taken his seat-,
and also in response to the position taken by
my honorable friend from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance.
It is stated that the products of Australia
and the products of the United States are the
same, and that therefore there is to be no
trade between the two. I believe the largest
trade we are carrying on with any country at
present is with England, and it will not be
disputed by either of those gentlemen that the
countries of England and the United States
produce the same sort of products. England
is a good wheat-growing country, and so is the
United States. England has plenty of iron
and coal, and so has the United States. Eng-
land is well adapted to manufacturing, and so
is the United States. The products of both
are almost identical, neither producing any-
thing virtually that is not produced in the
other ; but yet somehow it happens that a vast
trade exists between the two countries. Not-
withstanding the similarity of products and
resources commerce has sprung up and flour-
ishes between the United States and Great
Britain, and the same may possibly happen in
reference to the English Australian colonies
and our own country.
Mr. President, I must say in reply to my
friend from Connecticut, that when he alleges
that this is exclusively a California measure
he makes a great mistake, and while he takes
us of the Pacific coast to task for the narrow-
ness of our statesmanship in advocating a
measure of this sort, I have only to reply that
this is not a local question at all; it is emi-
nently a national proposition, and he will see
that from the figures which I am about to pre-
sent to him. I hold in my hand a statement
of the colonial secretary of the seven British
colonies of Australia, and I find that the im-
ports into those colonies for one year of pro-
ducts which are produced by the United States
better than any other country amount to some-
thing over forty-three million dollars, and I
propose to give some of the items.
The first is the item of flour, which can be
supplied from California perhaps better than
anywhere else; but no sum is given. The
next is the article of buckets, of which
$66,000 worth go to that country, and they
are produced quite as well in Connecticut and
other New England States as in any other part
of the world. Next is hardware, which into
that country is imported to the amount of
$5,408,240. That can be produced and sup-
plied from New England, from Pennsylvania.
and from places even further west than that,
as well as from any other part of the world.
Ihe next is the item of agricultural imple-
ments, and they amount to $732,840, and they
can be supplied from New England, and from
Michigan, and from Ohio, and Kentucky and
California. Next is the item of tobacco,
amounting to $3,184,760. That they get from
the United States more than from any other
