2220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
In the Subsistence office it will require the ser-
vices of the whole experienced clerical force for from
nine to twelve months, or, if additional force is era-
ployed, it will beat a cost exceeding twelve to fif-
teen thousand dollars, and if inexperienced clerks
are employed, for a much, longer period, and at a
greater expense.
In the Engineer office the information can be fur-
nished in two weeks without additional clerical
force or expense.
In the Paymaster General's office the information
can be furnished in one week without additional
clerical force ov expense.
In the Quartermaster General's office it will re-
quire the whole clerical force of the office a month
to make an accurate statement, or an expense of
$14,546 48 for extra clerical force sufficient to accom-
plish it.
In the Surgeon General's office it will require the
constant labor of six of the most skilled clerks (no
more could be employed to advantage on the work,
owing to the nature of therecords)forthree months,
or if outside clerks are employed, a cost of $2,400.
In the Adjutant General's olftceit will require the
constant labor of two experts for one month, or an
expense of $300 for extra help.
The cost of collating the required information in
the Freedmen's Bureau has not been estimated, but
it would probably be very large.
In those bureaus where the information can be
collected without interfering with the current work,
I have directed that the same should be done.
Property that was no longer required for public
purposes, or that was deteriorating in value, has
been sold in immense quantities, at public and pri-
vate sale, in strict accordance with the statutes,
and to meet fully the requirements of the resolution
would require much Jailor and large expenditures,
and, as above stated, extra clerical forcc. If Con-
gress will make an appropriation of the necessary
amount, and will authorize the employment of
additional clerical force, the data can be collated;
but it is utterly impossible to furnish the informa-
tion with the present force without suspending the
current business of the Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary o/ War.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. McCRARY. I now withdraw my motion
to strike out.
The Clerk read the following:
For purchase and manufacture of clothing, camp
and garrison equipage, and for preserving and re-
packing stock of clothing, camp and garrison equip-
age, and materials on hand at the Schuylkill arsenal
and other depots, $620,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out ''$020,000"
and^ inserting in lieu thereof " $770,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For establishing and maintaining national mili-
tary cemeteries, $300,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the words
*'$50,000 of which shall be available for use
immediately after the passage of this act."
The reason for that amendment is that the
improvements in the national cemeteries take
place in the spring and summer of the year,
as every one familiar with public grounds is
aware.
Mr. COBURN. For what purpose is this
sum to be expended?
Mr. DICKEY. For maintaining our na-
tional cemeteries.
Mr. COBURN. I know that; but for what
work in those cemeteries?
Mr. DICKEY. The officer in charge of
these cemeteries says that the amount appro-
priated by Congress for this purpose should
be made available early in the season. The
amendment I have offered is simply a pro-
vision that $50,000 of the sum hereby appro-
priated shall be available immediately after
the passage of this act.
Mr. COBUKN. I desire to say that the
Committee on Military Affairs have had under
consideration this subject of national ceme-
teries, and have directed that a bill be reported
to the House providing that hereafter work
upon them shall consist in erecting head-stones
at the graves of our soldiers. The law ori-
ginally provided that these cemeteries should
be inclosed and that head-stones or blocks
should be erected at the graves. Wooden
boards, with the names of the soldiers, have
been put up, and in some cases they have be-
come rotten and have fallen down j they are
always liable to be broken, and in no event
can they last more than a short time.
Now, the money which has been expended,
and which was more than sufficient to provide
head-stones for every one of the three hundred
and twenty thousand soldiers buried in these
cemeteries, has been mainly expended in
building stone fences and erecting large gate-
ways. 1 think, and the Committee on Military
Affairs agree with me in that matter, and I
think that every reasonable man will agree
with me, that what should be done is to put a
head-stone at each grave with the name of the
soldier and the State from which he came. We
have therefore agreed upon a bill providing
that that shall be done, and done at once, and
excluding hereafter the expenditure of such
large sums of money for building stone fences
and making Gothic ornamental gateways. I
ask, therefore, to amend the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey]
so as to provide that this sum shall be ex-
pended in erecting head-stones with the names
of the soldiers and their States thereon.
Mr. DICKEY. Such an amendment as the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] sug-
gests would not be germane to this bill. In
addition to that, I will say that if the gentle-
man will bring in his bill it will receive the
cordial support of the Committee on Appro-
priations. His proposition would require an
additional appropriation, for I do not under-
stand that this appropriation is for any such
purpose.
Mr. COBURN. It certainly does not re-
quire an appropriation of $300,000 for the
ordinary care of these cemeteries, for that
would require very little. There is a sergeant
in charge of each cemetery, and he gets his
regular pay as a non-commissioned officer of
the Army. It requires, as I am informed, but
$60,000 to meet the regular expenses, leaving
$240,000 for fences and gates. Now, what we
want to do is to stop the erection of wooden
head-boards and the building of large orna-
mental gateways, and to require this money
to be so expended that, we may be able to tell
who is the soldier who sleeps under the sacred
sod and from what State he came. For one,
I will say that I would vote right straight
along against this appropriation of money if
it is to be expended in the future as it has
been in the past. Stone walls and expensive
gateways can be erected by other parties, and
at other times. The thing that should now be
done is to put a proper stone at the head of
the soldier's grave, and to change the law
which now requires that a number shall be
put at the head of the grave, just as you num-
ber the cells of your criminals in your peni-
tentiaries. If the people of this country are
not able to put the names of the men who
died for it at the heads of their graves, then
let the green grass grow over them as their
only monument.
Mr. DICKEY. All I have to say on this
question is that 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pend-
ing amendment is exhausted. If there be no
objection, the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] will be con-
sidered as adopted.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by add-
ing after the amendment just adopted the
following:
Provided, That this sum be expended in the erec-
tion ot head-stones at the graves of the soldiers, with
their names and the name of their State marked
thereon.
Mr. DICKEY. I raise a point of order upon
this amendment that it proposes new legisla-
tion. The gentleman is correct in his state-
ment that the existing law requires these graves
to be numbered and registered. He now pro-
poses a different provision. This appropriation
is designed to pay the expenses of maintaining
fences, &c., at-our national cemeteries.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
not debatable. If the law has been correctly
stated, the Chair sustains the point of order
that the amendment proposes to change ex-
isting law, and is not in order.
Mr. COBURN. This amendment does not
affect at all the provision that these graves shall
be numbered; it leaves the law in that regard as
it now stands. But it proposes that in addition
the names of the soldiers with their State shall
be placed upon their graves.
rlhe CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the amendment proposes addi-
tional legislation, and must be the subject of a
separate bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
For trials with torpedoes for harbor and land
defense and to instruct the engineer troops in their
practical construction and application, $10,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph just read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For completion of barracks and officers' quarters
at the engineer depot at Willet's Point, New York.
$26,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph just read and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
For protection of pontoon boats, remodeling pon-
toons, and for current expenses of depot; for modi-
fication and repair of buildings; for erection ot new
chapel; for repairs ot instruments for-general ser-
vice of the corps of engineers; for purchase of siege
and mining material, and for simple photographic
apparatus for copying maps, $26,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For experimental twelve-inch rifled cannon, and
testing the same, 8200,000.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by reducing the amount of the
appropriation from $200,000 to $180,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move further to amend
by adding to the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing :
. For constructing and testing Moffat's breech-load-
ing field-pieces, 48,000; and for testing James Crock-
ett s graduating and accelerating cartridge, §2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move to amend by add-
ing to the end of the bill, as additional sec-
tions, what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
■ Tila.t the President of the United States
shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to nominate
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, appoint a board ol commissioners, to be desig-
nated as commissioners ot claims, to consist of three
commissioners, who shall be commisMoned tor two
years, and whoso duty it shall be to receive exam-
ine, and consider the justicc and validity of such
claims as accrued in those States that were not pro-
claimed as in insurrection to the Omted States, as
shall be biouguL belore them by citizens who resided
therein, tor stores or supplies taken or furnished or
for property used, damaged, or destroyed for the use
of the Army ot the United States during the late war
for the preservation ot the Union, including tho use.
loss, damage, or destruction of vessels or boats while
employed in or taken for the benefit of the military
service ot the United States. And the said commis-
sioners in considering said claims shall bo satisfied
train the testimony of witnesses under oath, or from
other sufficient evidence which shall accompany
cach claim, t<iken under such rules and regulations
as the commissioners may adopt, of tho quantity,
quality, and value of the property alleged to have
been taken, furnished, used, damaged, or destroyed
and the time, place, and material circumstance's of
the taking, furnishing, using, damaging-, or destroy-
ing of.the same. And upon satisfactory evidence
of thejustice and validity of any claim, the commis-
sioneis shall report their opinion in writing iu each
a shall certify thenature, amount, and valuo
dostr?ivpi?^n ei-'iil*iflis'le used, dainag(Td, or
he enn^l aforf ald- And each claim which shall
«U11 lii L rejected as ur.just and invalid,
f„a ..H'ewise,ib? reported, with tho reasons there-
in "I oIfJ,m.aPt withdraw any material
evidence submitted m support of any claim.
' e Ik s commissioners shall each take
the oath of office provided by law to be taken by all
officers of the United States, and shall proceed
without delay to discharge their duties under this
act. Ihe President of the United States shall desig-
