1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. ROBERTSON. Does not this reduce
the salary ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The salary is the same,
but he was allowed $1,000 for signing bonds,
and that at a period when the labor of signing
■was ten times as great as it is now. I have
no objection to any action that the Senate shall
take in thia matter. I have 110 personal feel-
ing in it j on the contrary, I should desire to
see every employ^ of the Government justly
paid for his labor. But I do object to it as
an unsafe rule of action that we shall pick
out particular officers, and do what we sup-
pose to be just to them, and leave others who
do more work at an inadequate salary. If
the salaries of the employ6s of this Govern-
ment are not sufficient, lot the proper com-
mittee equalize them, increasing thein where
they require to be increased, and diminish-
ing them where they are too large; but I
object to that sort of legislation which picks
out a particular officer, and leaves it to the
uncertain judgment of the Senate at particu-
lar timos and under particular moods to in-
crease the salary of one and diminish that of
another.
Mr. WEST. I have but a word to say in
regard to this question. The proposition of
the House of Representatives has been depre-
cated as the raising of the salary of an officer.
The proposition of the Senate at the present
time ia just the reverse. It is a proposition to
reduce the salary. The House having come
to the conclusion that it would be equitable
to confer upon this officer this additional
compensation, have restricted it by a condi-
tional limitation, giving him $1,500 upon the
ooutiugeuuy that his additional labor should
amount to that much. In order not to require
such an outlay from the Treasury, the Senator
from Vermont has proposed that he shall have
the absolute and positive sum of $800. Acting
upon any other proposition, We should be re-
ducing the salary instead of increasing it. I
differed with the Senator from Kentucky in
committee, and differed with some other mem-
bers of the committee 011 this matter, and 1
think it highly equitable to give this officer the
suin proposed by the Senatoi from Vermont,
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am very sorry indeed
that the wuy of raising the compensation of
regular officers of the Government by indirec-
tion is resorted to, as this llonse proposition
is. If the Register of the Treasury ought to
have his salary increased, it should bo in-
Creased in the same way that the salary of the
Secretary of the Treasury or any other officer
in that Department should bo incrcusexl, and
that is, by fixing a sum which he should be
paid for official duty, instead of undertaking
to set up a kind of brokerage or commission-
bouse in that Department, and to pay him ac-
cording to the number of signatures he may
make to the official documents of the United
States. I am opposed to this provision in the
Houso bill, ia tho first place, for the reason
that if the salary is to be raised at all, it ought
to be raised directly and positively by fixing a
given sum, instead of being raised by this way
of a commission, for it is nothing else, on the
number of bunds he may sign. The duty of
the Register of the Treasury is largely, almost
exclusively, the affixing of his name to official
documents and warrants of various kinds; and
you might just as well declare that his salary
should be increased according to the number
of warrants and counter-warrants he signs in
the reception and disbursement of public
moneys, as to provide that his salary should be
increased by paying him for the signing of
these bonds.
There is another 1 s.-isori, Mr. President, and
thut is, that if we undertake in ait appropria-
tion bill to raise any person's compensation,
we are undertaking to do that which belongs
to an entirely different class of legislation ; and
acting upon that theory, and upon the theory
that at this time it is not wise to undertake to
readjust the salaries of officers of the Govern-
ment, which requires a careful comparison of
all Departments of the public service, a care-
ful comparison of the duties which each officer
has to perform with those of others, we have
at this very session reported from this very
committee adversely upon a partial bill pro-
viding for an increase of compensation to this
very Register of the Treasury and others, about
half a dozen officers, and the Senate unani-
mously disposed of that report by postponing
the bill indefinitely, and I must suppose upon
the ground that it is not wise or just to under-
take to increase the salary of one man because
he may show by personal appeals to Senators
that his case seems to be one of hardship
unless you deal justly by those officers who are
attending to theirduties and do not come here
for an increase of their salaries. The method
for rectifying such inequalities as may exist, is
one which must be carried out by a careful
examination by a committee of the whole sub-
ject of the compensation of public servants,
so that a bill may be framed which shall do
justice and equality to all alike.
There are probably a dozen officers who
stand more largely in need of an increase of
salary than the Register of the Treasury: and
1 only speak of thia as an illustration, because
this happens to be tho particular ease before
us. What arc you to do with them? If you
are to increase this compensation, (and that
is all there is to it,) you must increase theirs
unless you undertake to make an invidious
distinction based upon the fact that one offi-
cial has personally applied to Senators while
others have been attending to theirduties; and
you would hardly wish to do that. So that, .Mr.
President, the only just thing to do in this bill
is to strike out this provision, leave the salary
to stand where the law leaves it, and then at
the proper time, at the next session it may be,
and 1 hope so—when we may have reached a
somewhat nearer approximation to the value
of real money than we have now—we may take
up the whole subject of salaries and arrange
them accordingly.
No doubt, this salary of $3,000 a year is
not adequate to the support of a gentleman
and his family living in reasonable style in this
town. I know that every Senator who occu-
pies a houso here, and every one who does not,
is aware that the compensation that the law
provide-; fin- him is not adequate to maintain-
ing himself and his family hero; and we might
just as well provident this bill that every Sen-
ator should be paid an additional compensation
in proportion to the number of petitions and
bills he introduced, if that is his duty, and in
proportion to the number of reports that he
made, or whatever it may be, as to undertake
to raise the salary of an officer in this way.
1 stated to the Senator from Pennsylvdu ia
the other day, and i thought he rather agreed
with me, that 1 hoped he would not press
opposition to this amendment that we proposed
in tins form, but that. 1 for one should notobject
to enlarging the phraseology of another clause
of the bill, which X explained the other day,
so that this gentleman might, in the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury, for the time
being, be included. I admit that that other
clause is an incongruity; X admit, that it is
wrong from principle; but as X have said, it
comes down to us from the end of the war,
when we appropriated $300,000 in this way,
and we have now got it down to less than
$25,000, and I hope ic will disappear altogether
in a rectification of all these matters at the
next session.
Mr. SCOTT. Perhaps I may save time
now 
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRES1DEN1'. The Senator from
California insists on the enforcement of the
rule that 110 Senator shall speak more than
twice 111 the name debate.
Mr. SCOT X'. X wish to save time instead of
consuming it, and X am sure the Senator from
California will not object to that.
I am very sorry that the Senator from Ver-
mont was not in bis place when this amend-
ment came up, when I made the suggestion that
it would be entirely satisfactory if the Secre-
tary of the Treasury should have the same
discretion as to increasing this officer's com-
pensation that is given him upon page 17 with
reference to others. I did not understand the
Senator to accede to it. If I had, I should
certainly have accepted it, because I am en-
tirely satisfied that this discretion should rest
in the Secretary of the Treasury, and if such
an amendment can be adopted as to vest in the
Secretary of the Treasury the right to give such
additional compensation to this officer as he
deems his duties deserve, I shall be entirely
content, and will make no objection to the
amendment of the committee to strike out this
clause so far as X am concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hav-
ing reduced the amount from $1,500 to $800,
the question now recurs on striking out the
proviso as amended.
Mr, COLE. I understand that the Senator,
who takes a peculiar interest in tbis matter, is
willing that the proviso shall be stricken out
now on the suggestion made by my colleague
on the committee, the Senator from Vermont.
If such is not the case I desire to make this
statement before a vote is had upon it: the
proposition as it comes from the House is to
permit the Register of the Treasury to earn
money for services which would otherwise have
to be performed by a clerk. The proposition
as it now stands is a very different one, and is
a clear proposition to raise the salary by $800,
a proposition which is certainly very distaste-
ful to the Committee on Appropriations, and
I believe to the country at this time. How-
ever, as I understand the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations is accepted by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, I will not
consume any further time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, then the proviso as amended will be
stricken out.
Mr. SCOTT. With the consent of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that there shall be
inserted an amendment giving the same dis-
cietion to the Secietary of the Treasury as to
this officer as is given to him in regard to
other officers in his Department,
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent that amendment can be agreed to
now, although that clause has been passed in
the bill. Is there objection?
Air. EDMUNDS. I should like to see just
what the phraseology is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Probably it
would consume less time if it were disposed
of at the same time with this proviso.
Mr. ED.MUNDS. It is 011 the seventeenth
page, lines three hundred and ninety-five, three
hundred and ninety-six, and three hundred
and ninety-seven, where I am willing to have
the amendment come in.
Mr. SCOTT. I suggest after the word
"office" the insertion of the words "and to
the Register of the Treasury."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that would be a
little invidious. I would say, "and for addi-
tional clerks and additional compensation to
officers and persons employed in his office,"
so as to leave this sum just as we have al-
ways left it, at the discretion of the Secretary,
to be divided among the necessary persons,
including this gentleman, in the way X have
stated.
Mr. SCOTT. Then you had better put a
larger sum at his disposal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The sum is enough. The
Senator need not be afraid on that subject. It
will only diminish by a little the additional
compensation that the others get if. in the dis-
cretion of the Secretary, he thinks it right that
this gentleman should have more. It is not
necessary to increase the appropriation at all.
It is only necessary to enlarge the objects to
which the sum shall be applied.
