1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2221
"mate m his appointment on© of said commissioners
to be president of the board, and shall be author-
ized to fill any vacancy which may occur by reason
ol' death or resignation m said board; and each
eoaimifssioner shall, have authority to administer
oaths and affirmations, and to take the depositions
ot witnesses in ail matters pertaining to theirduties.
The said commissioners shall meet and organize
said board, and hold their sessions at Washington.
Two members of the board shall cocstitutea quorum
for the transaction of business, and the agreement
of two shall decide alt questions in controversy.
The said commissioners shall have authority to
make and publish rules for their procedure, not in-
consistent with this act, and shall publish notice of
their sessions. They shall keep a journal of their
proceedings, to be signed by the president of the
board, and a register of all claims brought before
the board, showing the date of presentation, num-
ber, name, and residence of claimant, subject-mat-
ter and amount of claim, and the amount, if any,
ailuwed, which recoids shall be open to the inspec-
tion ot the President and Attorney General of the
I) mtcd States, or of such officer as the President
may designate.
Seo.—. That said commissioners shall make re-
port ol their proceedings, and of each claim consid-
ered by them at the commencement of each session
ol Congress, to thu ^Speaker of the House ol ltepre-
scntatives, who shall lay the same before Congress
for consideration ; and all claims within this act and
not presented to said board shall be barred, and
shall not be entertained by any Department of the
Government without lurtlier authority of Congress.
Sec. —. That the commissioners of claims shall be
paid quarterly under this act, at the rate of $5,000
per annum each, and they shall have authority to
app int one clerk and one short-hand repoiter, to
be paid quarterly, at the rate of 82.500 per annum
each, <vid one .messenger to be paid at the rate of
©1,-00 per annum, who shall perform the services
required of them respectively; and said board shall
be further allowed the necessary actual expenses of
office rent., lurtnture, fuel, stationery, and printing,
to be certified by tile president ot the board, and to
be audited on vouchers and paid as other judicial
expenses are.
Sec. —. That a sufficient appropriation to carry
this act into eiiect is hereby made out of any money
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DICKEY. I raise a point of order on
this amendment that it proposes new legisla-
tion.
Air. RITCHIE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] to waive the point
for a moment to allow me to make a few re-
marks.
Mr. DICKEY. I have no objection to per-
mitting the gentleman to make a brief explana-
tion. I reserve the point of order.
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Chairman, the object
of this amendment is that persons in loyal
States claiming compensation for supplies
taken or property destroyed for the benelit of
the United States Army during the late war
shall be placed on an equal footing with claim-
ants for similar relief, who reside in States
that seceded. At present the latter class have
superior facilities for making known their
claims, while the former are certainly entitled
to be equally provided for. This amendment
is modeled atter the one incorporated in the
Army appropriation bill of last year at this
point, as in that it provides for the appoint-
ment of three commissioners to investigate
the claims preferred and report their conclu-
sions thereon to Congress tor its hnai action.
Ail things considered I have thought this the
most eligible plan. It obviates the objection
of commuting Congress to a precedent which
might be embarrassing in legislating on par-
ticular cases.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, I have noth-
ing to say against the amendment submitted by
the gentleman fioiu Maryland, [Air. RiTOlim,]
and I wish now merely to explain m reference
to the point made by him that the provision to
which he has referred was put upon the Army
appropriation bill last year by the Senate,
where the rule we have in the House does not
prevail. It was not inserted in this House.
I am compelled to make the point of order
against his amendment that it is new legisla-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing as a second section to the bill. There
ia an old relic of barbarism left in oar military
laws which was there in the days of flogging
in the Navy, long since abolished; and I=ask
that I maybe permitted to extinguish this last
relic of barbarism, which allows the branding
of United Stales soldiers upon the body.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That hereafter it shall
be illegal to brand, mark, or tattoo the body of any
soldier by sentence of court-martial; and the word
"corporeal" shall be stricken from the forty-fifth
article of the Eules and Regulations of War for the
government ot the Army of the United States.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to move an amendment to the provision in-
serted on motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. S locum J in reference to the testing
of cartridges, by adding the words "and that
SI,000 of which sum shall be for the purpose
of making experiments with the metallic car-
tridge of Willis E. Moore."
l'here was no objection ; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill and amend-
ments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resinned the chair, Mr. Hol-
man reported that the Committee ol the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, mid particularly a bill (II. It. No.
1541) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June o0, 1873,
and had directed him to report the same back
to the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. DICKEY demanded the previous ques-
tion on the hill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DICKEY moved to amend the title by
adding the words "and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1uver and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 2208) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes; which was road a, lirst
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. BARBER, a bill (S. No.
854) for the relief of certain officers of the
Navy, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
SETTLERS ON INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. CliEBS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of G. W. Wood and nine-
teen other members of the senate and house of
representatives of the State of Kansas, pray-
ing the passage ot the bill (H. R. No. 9G)
for the protection of settlers on the Indian
lands of the United States; and the same
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. CIIEBS. I ask unanimous consent to
have the petition piinted in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The petition is as follows.
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled :
The undersigned respectfully but earnestly pray
for the passage of House bill No. !)rit introduced
by Hon. J. M. Cksbs on the 13th of March, 1871, as
amended by Hon. Joii K. Stfvbnson, of the House
Committee on the Public Lands. Large numbers of
workingraen and women, settlers in the western '
States and Territories, ivill be greatly benefited by
granting the above prayer at an early day,
REl'OltT OF STATISTICAL liUltKAU.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following concurrent res-
olution, which, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved lythe Ilouie of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed m the Oer-
man language seventy-five hundred copies of the
report ol the chief of the Bureau of Statistics; two
thousand for the use of the House, one thousand for
tho Senate, live hundred copies bound fortlie Treas-
ury Department, and (our thousand to be distributed
by the Treasury Department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
SESSION OF SATURDAY.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
the session of to-morrow will be for debate
only, no business whatever to be transacted.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BELL : The petition of G. H. Tag-
gard and others, for the passage of a bill for
the increase of pensions.
By Mr. BIR1): Seveial petitions of citizens
of Woodbridge, New Jersey, remonstrating
against the reduction of the duties on earthen-
ware and stoneware.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
William T. Smith, Jonathan Bourne, jr., and
Samuel Osborn, jr., agents and managing own-
ers of the barks Midas, Progress, Lagoda, and
the ships Daniel Webster and Europa, pray-
ing to be reimbursed on account of losses sus-
tained by abandoning their voyages and tak-
ing on board of their vessels twelve hundred
wrecked seamen.
By Mr. DUKE: The petition of C. W.
Kidd, of Amherst county, Virginia, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. HARPER : The petition of James
G. Crawford, of Macon county, North Caro-
lina, asking the removal of his political disa-
bilities.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of O. S. Mill,
C. J. Wright, and 10 others, citizens of Funk-
hannock, Pennsylvania, for free trade in pig
lead.
By Mr. LAMPORT : The remonstrance of
Israel M. Powell, and (J7 others, citizens of
Naples, Ontario county, New York, against
the reduction of the duty on wool.
By. Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
George T. Lewis, Hiram Weaver, Jacob Rush,
and 24 others, soldiers of the late Union Army,
citizens of Greene county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the passage of a bounty bill allowing every
honorably discharged soldier $8 33;} per month.
By Mr. UcJUNKIN: The petition of North
McElroy, Alfred Clonghly, John M. Cooledge,
and 13 others, late soldiersjn the Union Army,
praying the passage of Bouse bill No. 1738,
granting totally and partially disabled soldiers
and sailors increased pensions.
By Mr. JIBKRIAM: The memorial of Mar-
tin W. Priest, treasurer of Mohawk Mills, and
37 operatives of the Saxony Woolen Company,
of Ijittle Falls, New York, praying for protec-
tion to American labor.
By Mr. MORGAN : The memorial of Mrs.
Sarah A. Vance and other ladies of Mount
