1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
as indisposed to accommodate him, but it was
understood that I would proceed to-day on my
amendment to the pending bill, and I hope,
therefore, I may be allowed to do so.
Mr. MORTON. I then give notice that to-
morrow, in the morning hour, I will move to
take up the concurrent resolution fixing the
time of adjournment.
message from the hoose.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Isaac Strohm, one of its clerks,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1055) to regulate the sal-
ary of the consul at Tien-Tsin, China ;
A bill (H. R. No. 497) granting a pension
to Frederick A. Garlick, of Cortland county,
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 511) fixing the time from
which pensions heretofore granted, or which
may be hereafter granted, shall commence,
and extending the time for the filing of appli-
cations for the some;
A bill (H. R. No. 1056) authorizing the sur-
vey and marking of the boundary between the
territory of the United States and the posses-
sions of Great Britain, from the Lake of the
Woods to the summit of the Rocky mountains;
A bill (H. R. No. 1057) granting a pension
to Anna Butterfield, mother of James A. B.
Butterfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) granting a pension
to Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip Coggins;
A bill (EL R. No. 1059^ granting a pension
to Phoebe Haskall, widow of Sidney Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 10G1) to authorize the
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing
officers ; and
A bill (H. R. No 1062) to admit certain
machinery imported from foreign countries,
free of duty.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of one thousand extra copies of the
United States Biennial Register for the year
1871.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing of five thousand copies ot' the re-
port of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office for 1870, ol which three thousand copies
shall be for the use of the House, one thousand
for the Senate, and one thousand for the land
department.
political disabilities.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United Slates, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Sumner, to add certain sections, known
as the supplementary civil rights bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am very
reluctant to intrude again upon the attention
of the Senate. Nothing but my sense of the
magnitude of the question could induce me to
veuture upon it. I feel that I should not do
my duty, however, if I remained silent when I
listen to the various allegations that a bill for
the protection of equal rights is not needed ;
then again, that it is not desired by the colored
people themselves; and then again, that the
colored people desire the removal of the dis-
abilities of the rebels rather than the removal
of their own disabilities. I might, perhaps,
leave these allegations to be answered by the
heart and the common sense of every Senator.
Is it reasonable to suppose that the colored
people can be thus indifferent to their rights ;
that they can, as is alleged, prefer the removal
of the disabilities of rebels to the removal of
their own ? Sir, the allegation is contrary to
reason. I might deny it and stop there; but
I shall not content myself with any such denial.
I should do injustice to this greatest of causes
did 1 not give evidence against these
tions. I have here a large mass of evidenee,
which I enter upon with regret, with pain, be-
cause it reveals a condition of things which no
patriot can regard without regret and pain ; but
I do it in the discharge of a duty. I know that
I shall take too much of your time, certainly for
my strength and for your endurance, but not too
much for the cause. The cause is so vast that
it might justly occupy all of your time.
I begin, sir, with the testimony of the col-
ored convention held in Columbia, South Caro-
lina, commencing October 18, and ending Octo-
ber 25, 1871. I have in my hand a large pam-
phlet containing the proceedings of this inter-
esting convention. Here were our colored
fellow-citizens assembled by their representa-
tives in convention, to consider what, in their
judgment, was necessary for the security of
their rights. The convention sat for many
days. During all its proceedings I find no
mention of amnesty, no prayer for the removal
of the disabilities of rebels; more than once
reports and resolutions in favor of the removal
of their own disabilities. Here was a conven-
tion of delegates from Alabama, Arkansas, the
District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Louis-
iana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Texas, and North Carolina; and
what did these delegates, these representative
men of our colored citizens throughout the
country, say? I have here a report which was
adopted by the convention, made from the
committee on civil rights, by Mr. Pinchback, I
believe, an eminent citizen of Louisiana, and
at this moment prominent in the Legislature
of that State. I think he is president of the
senate. The report is very brief; 1 will read it:
" Your committee have had under consideration
the subject of the civil rights of the citizou, and the
deni<il thereof by common carriers, common schools,
innkeepers, <irc., in some of tho States, and have the
honor to submit the following recommendations :
"As there appea,rsto be some doubt as to the civil
rights bill conterring equal privileges and immu-
nities upon all citizens, we respectfully recommend
that Congress bo earnestly petitioned to enact the
supplemental civil rights bill, introduced into the
Senate by the Senator fiom Massachusetls, as there
can be no doubt as to the justice of such a law, and
prejudiced judges and juries cannot then render a
verdict detrimental to the liberties of our citizens."
jfc * # # A *
"Very respectfully.
P. B.S. PINCHBACK,
B. A. BOSEMON. Jr.,
EDWIN BELCHER,
T. G. CAMPBELL.
JOIiNF. QUAIiLES."
At a subsequent day, Mr. Price, from a
special comrmuee, "made the following re-
port, which was agreed to: "
"Resolved, That the committer on address be in-
structed to draft a memorial to the Congress of the
United States, setting forth their grievances, and
asking the passage ol the supplementary civil rights
bill, intioduced by Mr. Sumner, and now pending
in the Senate.
"Resolved, That the members of this convention
dohold meetingsofthecolored people in their several
States, and send up petitions to the Congress of the
United States praying the passage of said bill."
The report recommending the passage of
these resolutions was signed by ".I- W. Price,
chairman, R. B. Elliott, J. H. Rainey, P. B.
S. Pinchback, H. M. Turner, W. H. Grey."
These conclusions of this important conven-
tion derive additional value from an admirable
statement made by one of ttieir number. Mr.
J. F. Quarles, of Georgia, entitled '"the social
problem of the South/' in which he sets forth
with singular force and precision the just de-
mands of his colored fellow-citizens. I hope
you will pardon me if I take some time in
reading it. It is a colored citizen who speaks:
"Some ancient writer has said that the first part
of equity is equality. Thus we may infer that if
there is inequality of rights, there can be no equity.
If this be true what shall we say of equality in the
South? For. in whatever direction we go, whether
it bo in public places of amusement, in tho street
cars, upon the railroad, in the hotel, or in the way-
side inn, we encounter the invidious distinction of
caste and oligarchy. We cannot think of these things
without impatience; we cannot speak of them with-
out denouncing them as unworthy of an intelligent
and humane people. Nay, we would be less than
men if we did not everywhere, and under all cir-
cumstances, utter our earnest and solemn protest
against this inhuman outrage upon our manhood.
" Right well I know that these legislative enact-
ments alone cannot remedy these social evils. But
there is a grand and a moral power in the spectacle
of a whole people arising to assert their rights and
demanding justice, which can neither beoverlooked
nor ignored. And now we ask the southern people,
in ail candor, if we have not borno this species of
oppression long enough? We are weary of being
consumed by this moloeh, Caste; we are weary of
being hunted down by the ghost of the defunct sys-
tem of slavery: we are weary of being reminded of
servitude more galling than Egyptian bondage; we
are weary of being treated as outcasts and strangers
in the land ot our nativity, and the home of our
fathers; and we ask, as it is our right, that these
odious discriminationsshall cease. Too long already
have they been allowed to bear sway in this country.
And surely now the time has come when their influ-
ence should be destroyed; the time has como when
their power ought to be broken; the time has come
when they should perish from the land. To this
end I invoke the spirit of our civilization ; to this
end J invoke the sentiments of humanity; to this
end I invoke the spirit which inspired the t)eclara-
tion of Independence; to this end I invoke those
divine sentiments that animated the great and good
of every clime and every age. Let the abominable
crime? against humanity be buried in the grave of
oblivion, and wiite upon their tombstone no ' resur-
rection.'"
These words were addressed to the colored
convention, and embodied their sentiments and
desires. I put this against the speeches of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorn,] and the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,]
but this convention spoke for our colored fel-
low-citizens generally throughout the country.
L come now to individual States; and since
Georgia has, through her Senator on this floor,
been most conspicuous in opposing equal rights,
I begin with Georgia. I have in my hand a
series of resolutions adopted at Macon, at a
mass meeting numbering nearly four thousand
persons, composed of colored and white citi-
zens from five different counties, and ordered
to be sent to myself. The meeting was held
January 2, 1872. The resolutions are not long,
but they are excellent:
"AVhereas there is pending before the United
States Congress a bill known a«i the 'Sumner's
Supplementary Civil Rights Bill,' which bill pro-
poses to abolish all distinction of caste, and give
perfect equality in all public institution and com-
mon carriers: and, whereas the newspapers of this
State have reported Hon. Joshua Hill as having
denied that the " coloied people of Georgia ' desired
the passage of the <«me, but that wo were ' terrible
anxious ' for the passage of the ' amnesty bill
' JtCKolvcd, That we earnestly beg and pray the
Congress of tho United States to pass the said bill as
a whole, and that we can never be complete Ameri-
can citizens until Mich a lnw is enacted.
"Resolved, That our wives, daughters, ministers,
and legislators are the subjects of daily insults and
outrage for the want of legal protection on the public
highways, and other public corporations and insti-
tutions, and will bo so long as we are denied the full
rights of citizenship.
" Resolved, That we are invariably denied a meal
of victuals by the railroad eating-houses, and when
traveling arc often made sick from hunger.
" Resolved, That the representations of Hon.
Joshua Hill were made upon his own responsibility,
so i-ir as the colored citizens of middle Georgia are
aware, and that said representation certainly does
not express tho desire of the colored people of this
section ot the State, nor do we behove they express
the desire of fifty colored men in the State."
Such, sir, was the voice of a large public
meeting, counted by thousands, in reply to the
Senator from Georgia.
But, this is not all. I have in my hand a
letter from Hon. H. M. Turner, a leading legis-
lator of Georgia, a member of the upper house,
and, as F have heard, one of the most eloquent
speakers in the Legislature. He writes me as
follows:
Macon, Georgia, December 20,1871.
Sir: I am glad to sec you arc pressing your Civil
Rights Bill still before the (Jniied States Senate. I
have only a lew moments to write you at this time,
but I must relate a transaction which occurred day
before yesterday morning.
Just as I was about to step on the Columbus train
at Macon, 1 heard a white man say to a well-dressed,
1 beautiful, modest-featured lady, "Ain't you col-
! oied?" "Yes," was her reply. "Well." said he, "this
is the white folks'? car; 1 hat is the car for negroes."
So she very politely turned away and took a seat ir\
the car pointed out. I also stepped in the same car
after her, and noticed that her looks and general
appearance had the mark of superior breeding and
line culture. But not being acquainted with her I
did not dare to approach her even with Good
morning." but sat and read the morning news, and
afterward folded up the paper, and raising ray hat,
asked her if she would like to see this morning 8
