4014
THE CONGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
May 29,
same. And all tea and- coffee which may be in the
public stores or bonded warehouses on said 1st day
Of July shall be subject to no duty upon the entry
thereof for consumption, and all tea and coffee re-
maining in bonded warehouses on said 1st day of
July, upon which tbe duties shall have been paid,
shall bee'ntitled to a refund of the duties paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. IftheSenator
from New York willmermit me, I will offer in
lieu of section eight tffe section which passed
the Senate when we passed the other tax bill,
section six of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont offers an amendment which will
be read. *
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the eighth section of tbe bill in the follow-
ing words:
Sec. 8. That all goods, wares, and merchandise
which may be in the public stores or bonded ware-
houses on the 1st day of July. 1872, shall be sub-
jected to no other duty upon the entry thereof for
consumption than if the same were imported respect-
ively after that day.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That all imported goods, wares, and merchandise
which may be in the public stores or bonded ware-
houses on the day and year this act shall take effect
shall be subjected to no other duty upon the entry
thereof for consumption than if the same were im-
ported respectively after that day; and all goods,
wares, and merchandise remaining in bonded ware-
houses on the day and year this act shall take effect,
and upon which theduties shall have been paid, shall
be entitled to a refund of the difference between the
amount of duties paid and the amount of duties
said goods, wares, and merchandise would be sub-
ject to if the same were imported respectively alter
that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to put in the words " 1st aay of July, 1872,"
instead of " the day and year this act shall
take effect."
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. Is the text of the bill open
to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
open to amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Had we not better have
it reported to the Senate first?
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Virginia whether he had not
better allow the bill to be reported to the
Senate?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to reserve some
amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bill will
be open for further amendment in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to reserve amend-
ments adopted in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will
be reserved.
Mr. SAWYER. I now offer the amend-
ment of which 1 gave notice before the bill
was read. It is to insert after section eleven
the following sections:
Sec. —. Thatthereshall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, a commission of three persons, who shall be
selected from civil life, solely with reference to their
character and capacity for an honest and impartial
investigation, and of whom at least one shall be
practically identified with the laboring interests of
the country, and whoshall hold office for the period
of one year from the date of their appointment,
unless their duties shall have been sooner accom-
plished, who shall investigate the subject of the
wages and hours of labor, and of the division of
the joint profits of labor and capital between the
laborer and the capitalist, and the social, educa-
tional, and sanitary condition of the laboring classes
of tho United States, and how the same are affected
by existing laws regulating commerce, finance, and
currency: Provided, That said commissioners sliali
be appointed irrespective of political or partisan
considerations, and from civil fife.
Sec.—. That said commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of $5,000 each, shall be authorized to
employ a clerk at an annual salary of $1,400, and
shall report the result of their investigation to the
President, to be by him transmitted to Congress;
and there is hereby appropriated, for the payment'
of said salaries, $16,100, and $1,000in addition thereto
for stationery and postage for the use of said com-
missioners.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand by order of
the Senate this amendment was excepted from
the understanding excluding amendments not
germane from being offered to the bill. I do
not know whether this would be considered
germane or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By agree-
ment as the Chair understands, and as appears
in the Globe, this amendment was to be allowed
to be offered. That was made prior to the
understanding.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina be
offered, as it may be with entire safety, in the
Senate. It will lead to some debate, and some
amendments will be necessary.
Mr. SAWYER. Let us have the debate now.
Mr. CASSERLY. No; it would be better
to get the bill into the Senate first.
Mr. CONKLING. Why?
Mr. CASSERLY. Because it will tend to
expedite business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that this amend-
ment be reported with the bill to the Senate,
and that it then be open to debate and amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. That might do very
well for this amendment, but others have
some amendments to offer before we go into
the Senate, and I think it would be better to
offer them now. Suppose we go into the Sen-
ate and we reach a later hour, and an amend-
ment is offered which is voted on by a very
thin Senate ; it might be very undesirable for
that amendment; and I say frankly that I
have one or two amendments which I hope
to carry, particularly if the Senate is full,
but I would not be willing to consent to have
the bill reported to the Senate and then per-
haps get my opportunity at ten or eleven
o'clock, when the Senate is thin, to offer them
and have no opportunity to offer them after-
ward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York objects.
Mr. SAWYER. I think this is the better
time to consider the amendment, and the rea-
son given by the Senator from New York
applies to this amendment. This is a ques-
tion not only germane to the bill, but it is a
question in which nearly every Senator feels
an interest one way or the other ; and I think
this is the better time to discuss it than at a
later hour, when Senators get tired and sleepy
and many have gone home.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to give notice of
several amendments that I propose to offer
to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to say in a single
word that there is an amendment I think ought
to be made in this provision, because it eon-
tains a limit upon the power of the President
in appointments, and I do not believe Con-
gress has any right to limit the President <5n
that subject. We can advise and consent to
his choice, but I do Dot think we can limit the
President in his right of choice. There is an
attempt made here to control the President,
telling him whom he shall nominate. The
Senate has power, of course, to dissent from
all his nominations; but I do not believe Con-
gress has the power to limit his choice of
selection. The amendment reads in the fifth
line, "a commission of three persons, who
shall be selected from civil life, solely with
reference," &c. - How do we know that the
President wants to select them in that manner
and what right have we to say that he shall?
I want the President to be entirely untram-
meled in the selections of the persons he may
nominate to the Senate to fill these offices. I
do not object to the appointment of these
three persons, or to their salaries, nor to the
object which it is hoped to accomplish by their
appointment, although I have not much faith
in it; but I do hope the Senate will amend
the bill in this particular, and let the Presi-
dent be entirely untrammeled with regard to
the persons he shall nominate.
Then there is another limit in the seventh
and eighth tines of the first section of the
amendment. It reads, " and of whom at least
one shall be practically indentified with the
laboring interests of the country." Everybody
is identified with the laboring interests of the
country. What do we want to limit the Presi-
dent in that respect for ?
Mr. CRAGIN.. How can it be a limit if
everybody is identified with it? [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Why do we want to say
in the law that there are some persons not
identified with it? That is the fair inference
from this language.
Mr. SCOTT. I will suggest to the Senator
from Kansas that he is answering his own argu-
ment. If everybody is identified with it, there
is no limit to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I say it is a fair inference
that we think somebody is not identified with
the labor interests of the country, and there-
fore we put this in the law to make it doubly
clear: " and of whom at least one shall be
practically identified with the laboring interests
of the country."
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator one question. Does he suppose in
case we were making a commission to codify
the laws of the United States it would -be in
the power of Congress to prescribe that the
gentlemen to be appointed codifiersof the law
should be men learned in the law?
Mr. POMEROY. If we had a President
who we did not think had sense enough to ap-
point men who were learned in the law for
such a purpose, we might compel him to do it.
Mr. SAWYER. Iam speaking of the ques-
tion of power.
Mr. POMEROY. A little lawyer was once
trying a case before a judge and endeavoring
to explain, not only his case, but the law, and
the reason for the law, and the judge said to
him, "it must be presumed that the court
knows something." [Laughter.] Sol say,
the President must be presumed to know
something, and he should have the right,
without being trammeled by a statute, to
select whom he has a mind to. If the Senator
will take those trammels from the President,
I will vote for his bill.
But here is a proviso that I do not think ought
to be inserted:
Provided, That said commissioners shall be ap-
pointed irrespective of political or partisan consid-
erations, and from civil life.
There is another limitation on the President.
He has the unlimited power of appointment
under the Constitution ; but as to the three
men here provided for, y ou say he shall make
the appointment irrespective of political or
party conditions, and from civil life. I do not
want him to appoint them irrespective of those
considerations. Those are the considerations
that enter into the structure of our form of
government. They are the very elements of
our political society. If we attempt to say in
the law that he shall appoint three commis-
sioners, but shall not have any reference to such
things, that is another limitation, a trammel,
a fetter upon the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. POMEROY. I will ask the Senator
from South Carolina, if he is willing to strike
out those words?
Mr, SAWYER. The bill is a bill reported
from the Committee on Education arid Labor,
and I do not feel authorized without instruc-
tions from the committee to modify it in those
particulars. The Senator can move to amend
it if he chooses to do so.
