2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Vernon, Ohio, asking Congress t,o remove the
political disabilities of Colonel John W. Mul-
len, of Williams county, Texas. The petition
recites the generous conduct of Colonel Mul-
len in restoring to Mrs. Vance the watch of
Colonel Joseph W. Vatice, who fell in battle
during the late civil war.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of M. M.
Folsom and others, of Oldtown, Maine, in
favor of House bill No. 1788.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of General
J. W. Phelps, of Vermont, praying compen-
sation for the use of certain premises in Alex-
andria, Virginia.
By Mr. S WANN : The memorial of Chesnut,
Townsend & Co. and others, of Baltimore,
Maryland, praying a uniform tax on manufac-
tured tobacco, and for the passage of an act to
require holders of tobacco in bond to pay the
329 tax on manufactured, and whatever tax
may be fixed.on smoking tobacco, &c.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 6, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
W'aldron in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Clerk having commenced to read the
Journal of yesterday,
Mr. BECK. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the farther reading be dispensed with.
There was no objection ; and the further
reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House, the session of to-day is for debate
only, as in Committee of the Whole, no busi-
ness to be transacted.
DEFKNSK Of THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, the adminis-
tration of human governments has always,
among an intelligent and free people, been a
matter of anxious and severe criticism, and
no matter how honestly and faithfully public
officers may have performed their duties, they
have never been able to shield themselves from
the most uncharitable and unwarrantable
aspersions.
We would not, however, say or do anything
that might in any degree lessen the disposition
on the part of the people of this county to
look wilh watchful jealousy over their rights,
and to guard against any possible usurpations
on the part ot those who, by their free suf-
frages, they have elevaied to places of trust,
responsibility, and power.
Eternal vigilance is now, as ever heretofore,
the price ot liberty ; and American citizens
cannot allow themselves to become indifferent
in reference to the modes by which govern-
ment is administered among them. A wise
discrimination, however, as between the faith-
ful and the unfaithful, the honest and the dis-
honest, the sincere and the unscrupulous, is
of immense importance. It will certainly he
unfortunate for any people so far to deceive
themselves as to deliver over, even tempo-
rarily, any of their great interests to the keep-
ingofbad men, and it will csriainly be equally
unfortunate for a free people to fail to appre-
ciate the services of those who honestly and
faithfully administer their affairs, and who,
after long years of trial, have not failed to re-
flect credit upon every public position, how-
ever elevated and responsible they may have
been called upon to fill. There is everywhere,
sir, a clamor for good and true men to be put
in office. The people and the press are con-
stantly saying, "'Give us honest and faithful
public servants who will administer all the
departments of Government unselfishly and
in the interests of the people." This, sir,
is well, just what we need, and what certainly
every honest man should desire, and every
subject ot the Government labor to secure.
Bat, sir, such are the peculiarities of frail
humanity, such the weakness of the human
understanding, such the want of adequate
capacities nicely to discriminate, such the
baleful influence of prejudice and passion,
such the vaulting spirit of ambition, that there
is a perpetual controversy as to who is honest
and trustworthy ; and. unfortunately for some
nations that have passed away, so demoralized
had become the popular sentiment among
them, so distrustful had the masses become
of all public servants, that even he whose
hands were the purest, and whose only pur-
pose was so to serve the State as to make it
efficient in protecting every legitimate inter-
est, was unappreciated, and as basely reviled
and cast down as though he had been the
very impersonation of everything heartless
and hateful. For such a people, so fearfully
diseased, there is absolutely no remedy. They
must continue to sink lower and lower still till
every interest meant to be conserved by Gov-
ernment is utterly and hopelessly wrecked.*
The man who conceives that he can never
be more faithfully employed than when he is
sitting in severe judgement upon public func-
tionaries, and ilie administrations of Govern-
ment, is sadly deluded. He who without
just cause, and without good and substantial
evidence before him, pours out indiscrimin-
ately his complaints against public men, and
the management of public affairs, is a disor-
ganizer of society, and does what he is able
in the way of producing a morbid public sen-
timent and a general demoralization among
the people. Confidence in Governments and in
the integrity of public servants is absolutely
indispensable to peace and progress, is indis
pensableto the stability of Governments them-
selves, and the success of all those enterprises
which develop the resources of a country and
arouse the energies of a people.
We are in favor of the most constant watch-
fulness on the part both of the press and the
people, and of the freest and most unlimited
criticism when the motives that impel to such
a course are pure, and when there are pal-
pably just grounds for animadversion ; but we
deplore the existence of that vile spirit of
complaint which has no other reasons to plead
for its busy clamor than its own prejudices, its
own disappointments, it's own ambitions, and
its own want of harmony with the powers that
be. We deplore the existence of the fact that
in this country there are ever to be found those
who never seem to believe a man honest unless
he implicitly yields himself up tobe controlled
for the furtherance of their own unworthy
purposes, and who have no sympathy with ad-
ministrations of government unless the whole
machinery is run in their interest and that of
their friends. They have policies of their own,
pet schemes and pet friends, which must be
promoted, and if to this extent authorities and
powers exercise themselves, then they are by
theSe chronic grumblers pronounced to be sound
and eminently patriotic. But the moment their
individual interests and those of their friends
are subordinated to greater and more general
interests, they assume the name and role of
reformers, and fly to the people to inform them
that they are about to be betrayed by those
whom ihey have trusted with power; that the
whole administration of affairs has become
corrupt, and that they alone, faithful among
the faithless, having risen above the terrible
moral desolation, remain to warn the people
of their danger.
Wilh such minds it makes no difference who
stands at the head of affairs : it is a matter of
no consequence to them that by his singular
merits he has carved his way to fame, and by
imperishable deeds won a name without the
honorable mention of which the history of
his country could not be faithfully written ;
it signifies nothing that his wonderful achieve-
ments have made his land illustrious, and won
for him the gratitude of mankind, if still Mor-
-- A
decaistands at the king's gate while their owtf
friends are shivering in the cold. The man is
untrue to the people among whom he lives,
untrue to the age, untrue to national virtue,
untrue to himself, who, apparently unmindful
of the fact that all human institutions are
imperfect, parades before the eyes of the peo-
ple these inherent imperfections, and magnifies
offenses that of necessiiy must exist only to
breed discontent and distrust and a restless
desire for change.
Sir, I have faith in the intelligence and high
purposes of the American people. I believe,
sir, there is within them a love of justice and
fair play. I believe they are ever ready
gratefully to reward their faithful public ser-
vants, and that though for a time they may be
thrdwn into doubt by artful declaimers who,
above all others, assume to have eyes to dis-
cover iniquity, and with marvelous self-assur-
ance claim to be themselves above reproach,
yet they cannot long be blinded. They will
return and judge between the true and the
false, and they who have needlessly excited
their fears will find at length that the people
are capable of understanding and appreciating
the hollow pretenses of those whose complaints
are found to mean nothing more than a new
deal in political affairs. Such has been the
experience in the past history of the country,
and such it will be again. The people have
with wonderful enthusiasm sustained Repub-
lican rule since its inauguration, even in spite
of the protests of enemies and false friends,
and without a peradventure they will do so
once again ; not because, indeed, it has in all
respects been free from errors, but for the rea-
son that in the main its policies have been
wise and humane, in the interests of justice
and equal rights, andin the interests of all ihe
people, whether rich or poor, bond or free.
In the coufse of my remarks I propose to
examine to some extent the character and
policies of the present Administration ; and,
sir, I do not intend to be so extravagant as to
ask the country to admit that in every way it
has been a complete success; that it has been
conducted with all the superior wisdom that
might possibly attach to the management of
public affairs ; that the highest possible states-
manship of the age has been its distinguishing
feature. Yet, sir, I do propose to declare,
unhesitatingly, that it is my judgment—and I
believe the judgment of a majority of the best
people of this country who are in the habit
of observing political affairs with a view of
understanding and promoting the highest honor
and interest of our great Commonwealth—that
this Administration has been so far, to say the
very least that can be said of it, a fair average
administration, if indeed it has at all been ex-
celled by any administration in the past. But
before I proceed further in this direction 1
desire to call attention to a few significant
facts connected wilh the past political history
of this country. The people have not forgot-
ten that for many years before the Republican
party came into existence the so-called Dem
ocratic party was in power, and was responsi-
ble for the administration of the affairs of Gov-
ernment, and in a great measure for the polit-
ical ideas developed during those years among
the people, and advocated and sustained by
the party in power.
When the foundations of our institutions
were laid by our revolutionary forefathers,
they were laid in the interests of freedom.
Justice and equal rights were among the found-
anon-stones of our great fabiic. The broad
principle was recognized that of one blood had
God made all the nations of this babbling eaith,
and that in regard to their natural God given
rights there could be no difference ; that, the
differences observable in their condition is in
consequence of their peculiar surroundings;
I hat kings do not reign by divine right, and
subjects toil in poverty and chains because en-
titled to no better fate. But all these fearful
