3?8
APPENDIX TO THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■May 20,,
Senate.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
" Question. You stated a moment ago that the col-
ored peopio were evidently much afraid; be kind
enough to explain whether you meant the colored
men who thought of voting the Reform ticket?
"Answer. Yes, sir; that is what I meant. Large
numbers of them in every county of the State
where I was, at different times came to me and told
me that they thought I was right; that in our plat-
form we had provisions protecting their rights, and
they believed, from their acquaintance with me and
my conduct in the State, that I would carry out the
pledges made; that they believed we were right, but
they feared to vote our ticket.
" Question. They so told you ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; as respectable eolored people
as there are in South Carolina told me that in every
county of the State—that they dared not vote for
our ticket. The killing of two men who were very
well known in Barnwell county especially, and the
violence that occurred during themeetings in othef
places, struck perfect terror among the black popu-
lation. These men who were talking to me said,
) "We can and we will stay away from the polls, for
if we are not there we will not be hurt; but we dare
not go there and vote the Reform ticket/ I may as
well say that the Reform movement had no national
significance.
" Question. I was about to ask that question-:
whether or not the opposition to Governor Scott
and the then existing administration in South Car-
olina, was not your movement principally based
upon reforms proposed in the administration of the
affairs of the State?
''Answer. Entirely so; it had no national signifi-
cance whatever. It was not intended or in any way
constituted a party with any idea of national pol-
itics. It was very well known to the convention
that nominated me that I had voted for General
Grant, and I had voted for Lincoln for his second
term. It was equally well known that I had been
appointed by Chief Justice Chase register of bank-
ruptcy, and equally well known that I had been
elected by the first Legislature of South Carolina as
judge; that they nominated me as a Republican,
and knew I was one.
" Question. That Legislature itself being very
largely Republican ?
"Answer. Overwhelmingly so. National politics
had nothing to do with the Reform movement in our
State last year. It was simply to remedy the cry-
ing ovils of the local administration, if that were
possiole."
Mr. President, this witness is corroborated
by every witness called to testify in regard to
South Carolina; he is corroborated by Mr.
Chamberlain ; he is corroborated by the report
of the tax-payers' convention ; he is corrobo-
rated in every statement that he makes by the
committee composed of Republicans to investi
gate the financial condition of South Carolina;
every witness called who had sufficient intellect
to know what was transpiring corroborated
the statements made by this witness, and all
his statements are corroborated and admitted
by the report of the majority, who denounce
the scandalous and vile frauds of the govern-
ing party in the State of South Carolina.
Their Senators upon this floor, belonging to
the same party organization, do not hesitate
to denounce them. Now, I desire to ask „
question. Suppose such things had been done
m staid old Connecticutor Massachusetts, and
^uppose that in those States they had passed
at. election law to retain themselves in power
which gave complete authority to the execu-
tive officer of the State to appoint his own
creatures to register, to appoint his own creat-
ures to receive the ballots, to retain in their
hands the ballots for three days, to turn them
ove; to the commissioners of election of each
county to be retained by them in their private
custody for ten days, and then to make such
return as they pleased of the votes of the peo-
ple of that State, what would the people of
either of those States have done? Would they
have submitted quietly and patiently to be
plundered without a ray "of hope of release
from the unscrupulous and rapacious officers
who plundered them by an election when they
saw that no matter how the people of the State
might vote it was completely within the power
of the chief Executive of the State to control
their votes and change their votes and elect
whom they had rejected and to reject whom
they had elected? That was the condition of
affairs m South Carolina. .Nobody doubts it;
nobody denies it.
Well, Mr. President, as I remarked before,
in that condition, hopeless as it was, the
people of South Carolina sought to nominate
a Reform candidate, a man who had been a
Republican and had voted for Grant and for
Lincoln, but who was disgusted with the
wholesale robbery practiced by these officials,
and by nominating bim for Governor upon a
Reform ticket they hoped to get some of the
negroes, and others who were equally dis-
gusted with this dishonesty, to vote with them,
and thus take from the hands of these plun-
derers the power which they had abused. How
was this met? Under an authority which had
been passed by the Legislature at one of the
previous sessions, the Governor of the State
instantly resorted to martial law. This man,
who stands convicted before the country of
the vilest crimes, as soon as he perceives that
an attempt is made to appeal to the people
without distinction of party to take away from
him the cry of loyalty and disloyalty with
which he had covered his criminal head and
went on plundering these people; as soon as
he perceived that an attempt of this kind
was being made, he resorted to that which,
under circumstances almost similar, is also the
resort of this Administration, martial law. He
armed twenty thousand men in the State of
South Carolina. Without authority of law,
and in direct violation of law, he went into the
market and bought arms of the most approved
patterns, and ammunition. He refused to
accept the services of any company of militia
except the negroes. He officered them by the
greatest malefactors in the State. One of the
parties, a man by the name of Joe Crews, a
convicted perjurer and thief, was made the
colonel of a regiment; he was made super-
intendent of the election ; he was made a trial
justice. He had in his hand all the issues of
life and death in the county of Newberry, I
think it was, in which he was stationed. I have
not time to refer to the papers, and I may be
mistaken about the county.
The negroes were armed; and when this
was found out by the white people of the State,
the greatest alarm spread throughout the State.
The whites raised companies and presented
themselves to the Governor and asked to
be accepted as part of the militia of the State,
but were invariably refused. A single com-
pany of white men in the city of Columbia
which had been previously armed and was a
uniformed company, was disbanded and dis-
armed. A panic spread throughout the State
of South Carolina that the design was to arm
the negroes and massacre the white people of
the State.
There was and is to this hour a statute in
South Carolina which makes it a penitentiary
offense for any persons to arm, organize, or
drill without the permission of the Governor
of the State. Hence it was illegal for the
whife people to make any organization for
their defense in case anything should occur,
as they apprehended would occur, that would
put their safety and the safety of their wives
and children in peril; but there is a law of
human nature which gives the right of self-
defense ; people will defend themselves and
will defend their women and children. If
they are not allowed to do it in accordance
with law, they will not submit quietly to have
themselves put to death and put in danger,
and when they saw this elaborate preparation
made by the officials of South Carolina, and
when these negroes paraded in their streets
and committed acts of violence, it was human
nature to retaliate, and they did retaliate.
The Senator from Pennsylvania has given
us an account of what he calls the riot at
Union Court House. He has stated that cir-
cumstance fairly. One of these negro com-
panies went out of town, and meeting a one-
legged man who had been a confederate
soldier, they, without any provocation, with-
out any offense given by him, put him to death,
and in return for it the people of that district
took these negroes and hanged them. The
Senator says that they hung them when the
judge had sued out a writ of habeas corpus to
take them to Columbia. That is true, and if
they had been taken to Columbia what would
have been their fate? Why, Mr. President, I
have a table here of the pardons granted by
Governor Scott to criminals in South Caro-
lina. It is a most instructive one. It shows
that out of about three hundred and eighty
persons convicted to the penitentiary, two
hundred and eighty-odd bad been pardoned;
more than two thirds of the whole number of
persons "incarcerated in the penitentiary in
one year had been pardoned by the Governor.
Doubtless it was the apprehension of these
people that these criminals guilty of murder
in open day would be released.
Mr. President, it will be found that almost
all the disturbances which have taken place in
South Carolina have been the natural and in-
evitable outgrowth of the exasperation which
grew out of the arming of these negroes, and
their insolence and their outrages upon the
white people ofSouth Carolina. The minority
of the committee have carefully analyzed what
are called the riots at Union Court-House,
and at Chester, at Laurens Court-House, and
one or two others that have become notori-s
ous in the newspapers. Each and every one of
them grew out of the insolence and the out-
rages of this armed negro militia upon the in-
offensive and unoffending people of South
Carolina. That is true. The testimony shows
it incontrovertibly. Doubtless the people of
the State went further than they should have
done. Inhibited from organizing in public to
defend themselves against these military organ-
izations of ihe negroes that were inflicting
outrages openly in day-light upon them, they
sought the shelter of secret organizations.
They did what General Gordon, of Georgia,
declared was the object in the beginning of
this organization, self-defense; what Forrest
declared was its original object, self-defense.
But, as in every such affair as this, we know
two well the frailty of human nature; we know
that such organizations will result in evil, and
these organizations have resulted in evil.
Bad men who w«re enrolled among these
people, taking advantage of the sccrecy of
their organization, did commit outrages, and
the committee have not hesitated to denounce
them in the report which we have made, and
I denounce them not only as outrages upon
human nature that ought to be punished, but
which invite upon the vanquished people of
the South the continuance of this vindictive
vengeance of an insatiate majority in the North
that wish to avail themselves of these things
to pass this act to enable them to elect their
President by force of arms. That is one of
the greatest evils which grew out of these dis-
orders of which this political party is prompt
to avail itself, while they protect the infernal
villains at the South who provoke these dis-
orders. They defend and protect them and
shelter them.
Kirk, the cut-throat, as he was well called,
the tool and instrument of Governor Holden,
was gratified by the President with the mis-
sion to Pernambuco. Holden himself dis-
graced, turned out of office by an indignant
people, becomes the leading editor of one of
a j °eysPapers in this city advocating this
Administration ; and so I might go on and
show that wherever these men have outraged
human nature by plundering the people, whom
they were bound to protect, with heartless and
unnatural cruelty, they have been at once re-
ceived into the favor of the Administration
here at Washington, and now the Administra-
