1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
4015
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will move to
amend the amendment by sinking out in the
fifth line the words "from civil life;" so that
it will read:
Who shall be selected solely with reference to
their character and capacity lor an honest and im-
partial investigation.
Mr. CRAGIN. Had not the Senator better
strike out that clause "with reference to their
character and capacity" in order to carry out
his argument. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. That is not a limitation.
Everybody has got that. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. Got what?
Mr. POMEROY. Character and capacity.
Mr. NYE. Sometimes.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to impeach
anybody's character or capacity. Then I shall
move to strike out the last proviso in the first
section.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I have another amend-
ment to offer. I move to strike out the last
proviso to the first section:
Provided, That said commissioners shall be ap-
pointed irrespective of political or -partisan consid-
eration, and from civil life.
I want that out. I do not want to put that
into a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Kansas will not press this.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not call for the yeas
and nays. Let us have a division.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir ; I should like
to know whether there is any sincerity in this
business, and therefore I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. In the proper sense of the
•word, " political or partisan" have nothing
synonymous whatever in them. The whole
bill is " political" in its better sense, void
of any party meaning. If gentlemen wish to
quibble upon words, let them at any rate be
accurate. If the appointments are to be with-
out partisan intent, that is proper enough ; but
it has a political int ent, or it has no sense in it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is a further amend-
ment in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
There is an amendment to an amendment
•pending.
Mr. CARPENTER. I would suggest to
strike out the words " provided that said com-
missioners shall be appointed irrespective of
political or partisan considerations, and from
civil life," .and to insert: " provided that said
commissioners shall be appointed from among
those who belong to no political party."
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas accept that ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope nothing will be placed
in this bill that will in any way interfere with
the Cincinnati platform. I know nothing can
be more congenial to my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] than to have this amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin inserted,
and I hope my friend from Ohio will yield his
tenacity for the purpose of having what we have
so long looked for, a sort of political millen-
nium. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator need not
address me. He must addres.s my friend from
South Carolina.
Mr. NYE. I should have judged as much
if I had not supposed that my friend from
Ohio claimed the paternity of this bill. To
say that no man shall hold this position if he
belongs to any party or has any political prin-
ciples seems to be upon the broad gauge of
the philanthropy of my friend from South
Carolina. Sir, I would not give four cents for
any man who claims to be an American citi-
zens who has not political principles and
political preferences. I should like to see
men appointed for that very reason, if they
possessed the other requisite qualifications.
If the Republican party at the present day
will not take care of those who support it,
who will? Here my friend from Illinois has
flown from his orbit like an erratic star. My
friend from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] has gone
hunting Germans. My other friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] has hunted all around. He
has tried the Republicans, tried the Dem-
ocrats, is dissatisfied with both, and now
strikes for neutral ground. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator from Nevada
will allow me to correct him, I was satisfied
with both; not dissatisfied with either.
Mr. NYE. He can find no resting place on
earth that is pure enough to stand upon to get
rid of political influence. He would not under
any circumstances enter into an arrangement
by which political factions could be brought
together. He shouted for Breckinridge yes-
terday and for Greeley to-day. [Laughter.]
My friend from Illinois, who is as quick in his
turns as a tumbler in a circus, who has ridden
into power and been maintained in power for
years by the Republican party, who was born
of the Republican party, has got sick of it, and
now wants inserted in everything on God's earth
that no man of any political principle shall hold
a place under this Government. [Laughter.]
Off for Cincinnati, to a convention that would
have no office-holder in it, but every one of
whom had been turned out of office or expected
to get in ; away to Columbus to a labor con-
vention ; and away to Baltimore to a Demo-
cratic convention 1 Tell me what poor soul
on this earth is to hold an office? Tell me,
ye men of wisdom, who is to hold office in this
country? Nobody who is man enough to have
a political principle that he dare assert or
maintain.
Mr. SCOTT. Women!
Mr. NYE. It must be the women at last.
[Laughter.] We are driven to that. And all
this is born of my friend from South Carolina,
whose face glows like the morning sun.
Beingan older man than some of those around
me, my mind reverts to the olden time, when
my friend from Illinois was a Democrat, when
1 was a Democrat, and when my friend from
Missouri was a Democrat. We preached the
doctrine then far and near that nobody but a
Democrat was fit to hold a place. I wish to
say for myself that that was when I was young.
[Laughter.] When I wasachild I thought and
spoke as a child; now that I am a man I have
put away foolish things. [Laughter.] We rode
the Democratic party into a minority, and then
we proclaimed from Illinois to Maine that
Republicans were the only persons fit to hold
office. I joined in that cry.
But now my friend from Illinois says that
will not do; they are held by the bayonet. Oh,
sir, the horror there is in the bayonet! The
time was when my friendand Igloried together
in bayonets ; when the interests of the country
hung alone upon the bayonet; when we turned
our eyes toward the present Executive as the
sun-worshiper turns his eyes to the sun, and
shouted hallelujahs until we were hoarse. But
now it will not, do ; a change has come over the
spirit of these people, and it will not do to
have a man who has got any politics to hold a
place! Sir, show me a man who has not got
politics, and I say he is unfit to hold a place
anywhere ; he is not a man.
Now, my friend from Kansas moves to strike
out that proviso, I understand.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. I hope that will be done. My
Democratic friends, if ever you expect to get
power, for God's sake do not vote for this,
because you will then want an excuse for put-
ting Democrats in office; you will do it, and
you will want some excuse. [Laughter.] If
my friend from South Carolina ever expects
the resurrection of a respectable party, and
will not let that party put its men in power, it
is not worth resurrecting.
Sir, this is fishing with a minnow to catch a
whale 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. NYE. I am sorry for that.
Mr. SAWYER. My friend from Nevada I
think rather exceeded his five minutes ; but it
is so refreshing to have something on the tariff
bill which is not absolutely dry and uninter-
esting that his humor to-night, as always, is
very welcome.
I wish to correct the impression which he
seems to entertain that I am the father of this
bill. I am not even its god-father. The bill
is a House bill reported from the Committee
on Education and Labor, of which I have the
honor to be chairman, and I reported it in
obedience to the instructions of the committee.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to inquire of which department of the com-
mittee he is chairman, education or labor?
[Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. It depends entirely on
the subject under consideration. [Laughter.]
If the Senator should ever be before that com-
mittee I will inform him.
The provision in this bill which is objec-
tionable to the Senator from Nevada and the
Senator from Kansas, seems to me to have
been distorted very much from its true mean-
ing. I do not suppose it is intended that the
President shall appoint such a nobody as a
man who has no politics to this place. I do
not suppose the natural inference from the
provision in the bill which it is moved to strike
out is that such a man should be appointed,
but simply that he shall be appointed with
special reference to the work that he has to
perform ; that he is to be a man who has a habit
of mind and a habit of study which will fit
him to perform the work of investigation of
this peculiar subject. The committee are not
at all responsible, except so far as they report-
ed the text of the bill, for the provision.
Perhaps it would not have occurred to the
committee to put it in. But certainly all the
absurdities my friend from Nevada and my
friend from Kansas attributed to it are not in
the bill, except so far as they choose to import
them out of their own brains into it. I am
not afraid that the President will exercise his
powers under this bill should it become a law
to put men in office who have no politics;
nor is my friend from Kansas afraid of it.
Neither am I afraid that the limitation on
his power of appointment in the bill will be
dangerous.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question in reference to that language.
Mr. SAWYER. But not to come out of
my time.
Mr. LOGAN. No; of course not. The
part proposed to be stricken out by the Sen-
ator from Kansas says, " Who shall h^selected
from civil life, solely with reference to their
character and capacity for an honest, and
impartial investigation." That language ap-
plies to this Congress. [Laughter.] Can you
appoint members of Congress on this commis-
sion? Was it not intended to apply to this
Congress?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not understand the
Senator's question.
Mr. LOGAN. The language is that these
men shall be appointed " solely with reference
to their character and capacity for honest and
impartial investigation and that must mean
this Congress. [Laughter,]
