18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379'
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
tion pays them the great compliment of follow-
ing their example and copying their laws,
with which they reelected themselves in order
to reelect their chief.
Mr. President, I cannot conclude what I
have to say without incorporating in my
remarks a recapitulation of the debts and
liabilities of the southern States which have
been incurred by these unauthorized carpet-
bag governments.
Alabama, July 1, 1861, owed a debt of
$5,939,654 87. Her debts and liabilities July,
1868, were $7,904,396 92. That was when
tbe carpet-bag government assumed power and
authority in the State. The present indebted-
ness of the State of Alabama, actual and
contingent, including aid railroad bonds. i3
$38,381,967 37. Thus the carpet-bag govern-
ment in a reign of two years swindled the
people of that State out of more than thirty
million dollars, for which they have not
now the value of five cents to show. I come
next to Arkansas. Her liabilities in 1861 were
not' exceeding $4,086,952 87. Her debts and
liabilities, actualand contingent, including rail-
road and levee bonds, now are $19,761,265 62.
The carpet-bag government of Arkansas has
saddled that State with more than fifteen mil-
lions of debt.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Perry,
of Michigan.) Does the Senator from Mis-
souri yield to the Senator from Arkansas?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes.
Mr. CLAYTON. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that the increased debt since recon-
struction is over fifteen million dollars in the
State of Arkansas?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir, that is what I mean
to say.
• Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator is mistaken.
At the' close of the war, or at least when the
present State constitution went into effect, tbe
debt of the.State of Arkansas was between
four and five million dollars. Since that time
there have been loaned to railroad companies
about four million dollars. In addition to
that there have been about three millions of
bonds issued for levee purposes, and that is
the only increase which has taken place,
making a total debt of about twelve millions.
Mr. BLAIR. I beg to differ with the Sen-
ator. I am perfectly well aware that none of
these officials in the southern States know
how much they owe. It was utterly impossible
to extract from the officials in South Carolina
or Georgia the amount of their debt, and it is
so with the others. This is what we have dis-
covered by other means, and I consider it to
be a true statement of the debt of Arkansas,
and I am only sorry that I have not time to
go on and show the way in which it was
imposed upon that people.
Mr. CLAYTON. I want to ask the Sen-
ator where he gets the information from, and
how it was obtained?
Mr. BLAIR. I am reading from a book
which is accessible to the Senator from Arkan-
sas, and if he will send down to the document-
room, and ask for the Views of the Minority
of the Committee on the Subject of the Con-
dition of Affairs in the Southern States, he will
have not only the statement I make here, but
the authority for it in a much more ample
form than I can afford to give it to him now.
Mr. CLAYTON. As the honorable Sen-
ator was a member of the minority of the
committee, I thought perhaps he could state
where the information came from, whether it
came from witnesses summoned before the
committee, or papers sent tor under their
authority.
Mr. BLAIR. It is sworn test'mony from,
the best men in tbe State of Arkansas.
Mr. CLAYTON. Summoned before your
committee?
Mr. BLAIR. Their testimony was sworn to,
Mr. CLAYTON. How sworn to?
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator will observe. I
will read to him how it was sworn to. I have
a great mind to read him some of the testi-
mony. Here is the testimony of Thomas C.
Peak and John Kirkwood, sworn to before
Frank E. Wright, clerk of the United States
circuit court. I know something about these
gentlemen.
Mr. CLAYTON. I understand, then, that
those gentlemen were not before the commit-
tee; were not subjected to cross-examination,
but simply made a sworn statement. Is that
correct?
Mr. BLAIR. They make a sworn state-
ment of facts that they know. • ,
Mr. CLAYTON. That they profess to know,
Mr. BLAIR. Well, profess to know ; and I
think any one who knows them will understand
that they do not profess to know anything that
they are not acquainted with. The statement
made by these gentlemen is a very long one.
I regret very much that I have nottime to read
it to the Senate. I would like very much if
the Senate would read every word of it. It
would be very healthy; it would do good. If
the country would read it, they would have
occasion to regret a good many things which
have occurred under these reconstruction acts.
I cannot now, as I have occupied so much
time, do more than read the amounts which I
give, and which are collated from the best
authority, and which, in my belief, represent
the truth as far as it could be got at. 1 think
the whole truth would make it a great deal
worse for the carpet,-bag officials than this state-
ment makes it.
In the State of Florida, the debt.in 1860 was
$221,000. In 1868, June 8, it was$528,806 95.
The debt now, including railroad bonds issued
and authorized, is $15,763,447 54. Thus you
will observe that the State of Florida has been
robbed to the tune of $15,000,000 by its ear-
pet bag government since 1868. Georgia's
debt and liabilities in 1860 were about three
million dollars. Her debt and liabilities
June, 1871, including railroad bonds issued
and authorized, is $50,137,500; deducting rail-
road bonds of which six millions are deemed
fraudulent, $43,137,520. Thus it will be seen
that, the State of Georgia has been plundered
of $40,000,000; and to add to this infamy it
was done by the military authority of the Uni-
ted States under orders from General Grant
taking out of the Legislature men who had
been elected, and substituting in their place
men who had not been elected, in defiance of
an act of Congress, as was stated by the vener-
able Senator from Vermont in a report made
to this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you say that I stated
that General Grant ordered that to be done ?
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir; I stated that you
said it was in violation of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood you said
that the President of the United States had
that done.
Mr. BLAIR. I say he did have it done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say he did not.
Mr. BLAIR. I say he did, and my say is
just as good authority as yours. I say the
ord*r was transmitted from him through the
War Department, signed by the general com-
manding, tbatheshould do whatever he deemed
best, and the matter was turned over to him,
and to his discretion entirely, he stating be-
forehand what it was necessary to do; and I
say that the Senator made a report in this body
denouncing his action as illegal, as in viola-
tion of the law. The act of Congress pro-
hibited anybody from interfering with the
members elected to the Legislature of the State
of Georgia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Denouncing whose action,
let me ask the Senator ?
Mr. BLAIR. I say that the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont denounced this act as
illegal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes,
Mr. BLAIR. The act of interfering by the
military authority with the members elected
to the Georgia Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. BLAIR. Ousting certain men who had
been elected and putting others in office who
had never been elected by General Terry, in
command of the department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; but there was
no evidence whatever before the committee
showing that the President of the United States
had any more to do with it than he has with
an attack on the Indians to-day in Arizona
Territory.
Mr. BLAIR. That is a matter of opinion.
Probably the evidence was not before the com-
mittee, but it was well known to the whole
country that such was the fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The country has not
known it yet.
Mr. BLAIR. It was his act; he was re-
sponsible for it. He did not rebuke the officer
who violated the act of Congress; he made it
his own.
Mr. HILL. The Senator from Missouri will
allow me a word there?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. I am familiar with a good deal
of this action in Georgia, so much so that oti
one occasion I telegraphed to General Sher-
man in the midst of what the Senator is now
complaining of, and asked him distinctly
whether General Terry had the power to make
these removals or to authorize them. I forget
exactly the shape of the telegram. I received
for answer that the discretion had been con-
fided to General Terry, and that I must apply
to him ; that the head of the War Department
and the commanding General of the Army
could not undertake to answer my question.
I did not understand at the time that he con-
sulted the President of the United States.
There was no evidence before me that he did,
but I was referred for my remonstrance to
the action of General Terry—to General Terry
himself, to make the appeal there.
Mr. BLAIR. What makes the President
of the United States responsible, what makes
this act of Terry his act, was that it was a
manifest violation of law, so denounced by the
Senator from Vermont himself; and yet the
President never rebuked this violator of law,
but allowed his action to remain, thus affirm-
ing his illegal act. He allowed the negroes
who were thrust into that Legislature by Terry
to remain in the Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure the Senator
does not mean to do injustice to anybody. I
hope he does not. He is mistaken in respect
to the fact. It was the Congress of the United
States that allowed those people to remain,
and upon this ground, as the report of the
committee shows, if the Senator will take the
trouble to read it: that the parties on his side
down there who had complained of this action,
together with the others, came before us and
said that the thing was so near at an end by
its natural expiration that they preferred on
all hands to leave the matter as it stood, aud
did not ask us or anybody else to interfere to
correct it. That was how it happened to be
left, remain.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not accept the Senator's
explanation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ask you to.
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir, it was not the act of
Congress. It is the President's duty to see
the laws enforced; it is the President's duly
not to allow a military officer to violate the
law without rebuke. Congress cannot screen
the President if he permits his military officers
