1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3119
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. There is this dif-
ference, and it is a very groat difference, and
the Senator ought to keep it in mind: a pack-
age of silk which, can be covered in sixteen
square feet may be worth $5,000 or $10,000 ;
a package of wool occupying the same space
may be worth fifty dollars. Now the cost is in
time as well as in money. You can afford to
pay increased cost for transporting the article
of great value, and you cannot do it for the
article of less value.
Mr. NYE. That is not the question I asked.
The question I asked is whether what is true
of the Australian commerce to-day was not
true of the China trade before the China
steamers were established?
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, every new
project must be attended with some expense.
If we wish to develop our young Territories
into great flourishing States, what do we do ?
We send our young men there and we send our
mails there in order that they may make use
of those communications with their old homes
or with the eastern country, and in establish-
ing these mail communications we furnish
facilities for business. What would California
Jiavc been worth to-day to the United States
had not the young men of this country gone
to that coast? What would we have done
during the past war had not California been
developed and sent forth her golden streams
to pay the interest on your public debt?
I say that the evidence of commerce
between Australia and this country is found
in the fact that a line has been established
there during the past year, and has main-
tained itself; but it has made 110 money. I
say that their ships are wearing out; they
have put on ships there of two thousand tons
burden, some of the finest ships in the coun-
try, costing five or six hundred thousand dol-
lars. These ships are peculiarly adapted to
that trade. They are not iron ships; they
are wooden ships covered with Michigan
copper perhaps, and it is necessary that these
wooden ships should be coppered to prevent
them from being incumbered by fouling upon
the bottoms of those ships, iron ships are
not adapted to that trade, and the s-jps which
are built there for that trade are peculiarly
adapted to this service. We furnish the
lumber, the copper, and the material that
enters into the construction of these ships.
Australia is seventeen days nearer San Fran-
cisco than England, and the news reaches
San Francisco seventeen days sooner than it
does England, and that news is transmitted
across the wires to New York, and from there
to England. The commerce naturally flows
by the way the mail goes. The difference in
time is thirty-four days in going and coming
between Australia and San Francisco, and be-
tween Australia and London; or between
New York and Australia it is about ten days
sooner than between Australia and England,
by the Red sea. Therefore the travel natu-
rally takes the course of the mails and crosses
the Pacific road to New York, and thence to
England. Commerce will follow the quickest
routes. If merchants in Australia can obtain
their goods from San Francisco or Irom New
York thirty days sooner than from England,
if they are in a hurry for these articles
they will order them that way, so as to secure
quick returns. Our position, as contrasted with
that of England, gives us this great advan-
tage, and if we do not take advantage of the
position that we occupy, certainly we are at
fault. It has been demonstrated that we do
so occupy this position, and I wish that the
Senate and the people of the United States
could see the importance of it.
Sir, there is no trade that is so important t,o
the State that I have the honor in part to rep-
resent as this Australian trade in furnishing a
market for our lumber and for our fish, which
is not produced in any other portion of the
country to any extent. We are producing a i
very large amountof salmon, both canned and
salted, lor this trade, and it is really the great-
est opening for these articles that we have.
Not only that, but our manufactured goods,
woolen goods that are heavy, suited to that
country, are being exported to a great extent.
We also furnish from the East tobacco. That
must go by the quickest route; it cannot take
long voyages, because it soon spoils. It is
better to be transported across the country by
quick conveyance" As to boots and shoes, 1
know from actual experience as a merchant
that boots and shoes cannot be shipped around
the Horn without being destroyed and spoiled.
Consequently it is necessary to pack them in
close, compact form, and send them across
the country to California, and then by quick
mode of conveyance to Australia. The great
advantage of this trade is in the fact that we
can furnish the articles better and better suited
to that trade and quicker than any other
market.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's lime lias expired.
Mr. KELLY. In the discussion the other
day upon the subsidy for the China steamship
line I stated thai. I was not altogether opposed
to subsidies ; but that there were certain sub-
sidies I was in favor of. That subsidy I opposed
for the reason that I did not think it was neces-
sary, because the line was in a prosperous con-
dition. For the reasons I then stated I am
in favor of granting the subsidy which is now
proposed, and I will state certain facts upon
which I will base a few remarks.
I hold in my hand a communication from
the Treasury Department, dated February 20,
1872, signed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
wherein it appears that our imports from Aus-
tralia aud New Zealand for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1870, were but the small sum of
$54,380. Contrast that with what has been
imported during the last six months at Boston
and New York, and we shall see how the trade
has risen. The importation of wools and gums
from Australia at the port of New York l'orthe
six months ending April 22, 1872, was $573,-
460, upon which there were duties collected to
the amount of $269,901 50. At the port of
Boston the amount of imports was $760,020,
upon which were duties amounting to $385,-
872 95, making the total at these two ports of
imports $1,333,480, and theduties $655,774 45.
That is but for the period of six months. lie-
member for the whole of the year ending June
30, 1870, the imports were hut the small sum
of $54,380. Now, the trade has increased so
enormously at these two single ports alone.
Why is this? A year ago last April this
line of steamers was established from San
Francibci) to Australia, and (rom the estab-
lishment of that line this commerce has in-
creased, not as the Senator from Connecticut
would intimate, that the commerce has been
brought across the Pacific railway. I gave
yon but a moment ago the imports at the city
of New York and the city of Boston taken by
sailing vessels; but let me say this, that before
this line of steamers commenced running from
San Francisco to the British colonial posses-
sions in Australia and New Zealand, those
countries were almost a terra incognita; we
knew nothing about it. It was in the south-
ern hemisphere, the very antipodes of our
own country. It was true the people were
descended from the same race as ourselves;
but still all the communication that we had
with them was by way of England and around
by the usual course of British sailing vessels
and steamers. After this line was established
ihere seems to have been a revolution at least
in the passenger traffic. The colonial mails
are now carried across our own country to the
Australian possessions. A year ago X saw a
whole car-load of sealed mails of that coun-
try transported across the Central Pacific rail-
way, and I understand that our Government
has received about eighty thou.and dollars for
the transportation of the English mail from
England to the colonial possessions.
Mr. President, not only is that the case, but
between England and her colonial possessions
over three thousand persons have been car-
ried by this same steamship line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's time has expired.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the five-minutes
rule will not be put on this amendment. It was
not on the bill when the rule was adopted, and
I hope it will not be enforced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon ask for an extension of
his time?
Mr. KELLY. I do not ask it if there is
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The Senator will proceed.
Mr. KELLY. The Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Buckingham] said that we never
could transport wool and gum and such things
as we receive from Australia across the Pa-
cific railroad. It is not intended that this
should be done; but let me say that it is neces-
sary that we should have a iiue of steamers
running from our own country to take passen-
gers, merchants, agents, those who are en-
gaged in commerce. They go from our own
country, they go from England across our
country, and from San Francisco to Australia,
and they enter into commerce there with those
people. Whatever they purchase is not trans-
ported by these lines of steamers, but by sail-
ing vessels, but it is necessary that persons
should go there to purchase, see what they
have to sell; and that is the reason we desire
this steamship line to be established, because
it enables us to go to and from that country
with greater facility and make our contracts,
and then send the products of that country by
sailing vessels to the ports of New York and
Boston and San Francisco, or wherever they
may be wanted. I do not suppose this is
intended to be in the main a line of steamers
to carry freight, but to carry passengers, to
carry the mails, to keep up an active com-
merce between the two peoples.
It seems to me worth while to sustain this
line for this reason : that that is a colony of
Great Britain which perhaps at some day not
far distant will be an independent nation,
speaking our own language, and, as I said be-
fore, descended from the same ancestors as we.
They are active ; they are increasing rapidly
in population, now numbering over two mil-
lion, and from our own coast they receive
grain, flour, lumber, fish, and from the other
States of the Union articles have been named
which have gone there as part of our export
trade.
I think, for these reasons, it is a steamship
line that deserves a subsidy more than any
one that has been mentioned; certainly more
than the one we have agreed to subsidize
between San Francisco and China. It is cer-
tainly deserving of our encouragement. I
think that every steamship line ought to stand
upon its own strength or fall by its own weak-
ness. If we can show that this deserves to
be sustained, let it be sustained. If it can
be shown that another is self-sustaining and
needs no assistance, it ought not to receive
Government bounty.
For these reasons, I shall support and vote
for this subsidy, or it may not be called ex-
actly a subsidy ; it is payment for transporta-
tion of the mail, and really nothing more. We
pay a great deal more for the transportation
of mails across the Pacific railway and across
every line of communication than we do for
ordinary freight. That payment is in the
nature of a subsidy, and so it is here. We
transpoit mails from San Francisco to the
British possessions, and we pay higher for
them than we would for ordinary freight ; and
I think we ought to do so. I think this sub-
sidy ought to be granted.
