432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
not restricted by color or previous condition, can
doubt tbat these two great acta of relief, the one of
justice to a class long denied the rights you would
give, the other of generosity toward repentant rebels,
should be coupled together, thatwe be permitted to
rejoice in restored rights when a generous people
shall sweep from the political arena the last vestige
of the latewar, and restore them their forfeited priv-
ileges.
I am, sir, your most obedient servant,
W. H. GREY.
Hon. Charles Somner.
I believe, sir, that you will admit that this
letter is written in the spirit of a statesman.
The writer naturally vindicates his race. He
sees how much higher justice is than gener-
osity, and how absurd it is to place what is
.called amnesty to rebels before justice to the
colored race.
From Arkansas, a former slave State, I pass
to Pennsylvania, always a free State. Here
the evidence is ample. I have in my hand a
petition from the Pennsylvania State Equal
.Rights League, signed by persons in all the
leading counties of Pennsylvania, sent to me
by the secretary of the league, William D.
Forten, who writes thus:
" This petition is from an organized body of ten
years' standing, embracing the colored voters of the
State, and extending into neailyall the counties.
Its influence, weight, and action, represent the peo-
ple's will, and it can command the balance of power
of Pennsylvania. Wilt you, sir, present this in our
name, that the country may know how we feel at
this day on this important subject V*
And now would yon know how these voters,
constituting the balance of power in Pennsyl-
vania, feci on this great question ? Listen to
their prayer:
'* The undersigned, officers and represents fives of
the Pennsylvania State Equal Rights League, most
respectfully ask your honorable body to speedny
pass the bill presented by Hon. Chables Sumner,
as supplementary to the civil rights bill. We
ask this that our Government may be in fact a true
Republic, the rights of the humble&t citizen acknowl-
edged, and his person protected. We a£k this on
behalf of the colored voters of this State, who have
commissioned us to pray you lor the removal of these
discriminations which virtually destroy our consti-
tutional rights. The restoration of our political
franchise and acknowledgment©!'our citizenship by
the supreme law of the land should alone have
jxiaced us beyond the reach of the tyrants who still
linger among us, the living landmark of slavery's
degrading entailments; but alas, it is not sol We
now ask the intcrposiuon of positive law to prevent
the daily outrages on the law-abiding colored citizen.
We ask this, because in peiforming our duties, ful-
filling our obligations, or seeking enjoyment, we are
ill-treated, insulted, and common civility denied us.
The anomalous position we occupy is cruelly and
needlessly degrading. Equal iu the law, equal with
the ballot, equally taxed, and bearing equas.y all the
responsibilities of the citizen, we are stripped of
the habiliments declared self-evident by the fathers
through a defiant, unlawful, unchristian sentiment.
"We ask the passage of this bill that the spu it and
letter of rue Jaw may bo in strict conformity; that
the rights, privileges, and immunities conferred on
all citizens by the statute shall not be denied to us
by the base practices of the disloyal in sentiment;
that the sacied pledges ot the Constitution of the
United States to maintain u^in freedom impartially,
in the enjoyment of all rights equally, shall not be
annulled by the baleful sentiment of secession and
slavery excrcised by petty despots who defy the law
as it now exists, and outrage colored citizens with
impunity.
."For the, passage of this bill, which will secure
simple justice to all, your petitioners will ever
pray, <&e."
In harmony with this petition is a letter
which 1 hold in my hand from one of the most
intelligent and cultivated young gentlemen that
I kuow of his age in the country, Richard T.
Greener, a graduate of Harvard University,
■with all the scholarship which could be ob-
tained at that seat of learning, a colored youth,
now at the head of the Institute for Colored
Youth in Philadelphia. He writes me, under
date of November 27, as follows:
"Dear Sir: I have noticed the report in the promi-
nent journals that you intend to introduce at the
approaching session your bill supplementary to the
civil rights bill.
" Since some such measure is imperatively needed
by the colored people of the country, all measures
falling short of this being mere stones instead of
biead, I have determined to ask you whether it
would not help to strengthen your appeal were you
sustained by a petition irom the colored people of
the entire country ? I could guaranty twenty-five
thousand names from Pennsylvania alone."
I have also a letter from a colored clergy-
man, Eev. Moses Anderson, of Greencastle,
Franklin county, Pennsylvania, from which I
will read a brief sentence :
"Sir: This bill of yours is the best measure that
has been offered yet. I hope you may be sustained
by the people, and that Congress will see the neces-
sity of promptly passing the bill."
Another letter from A. H. Phillipps, of Read-
ing, Pennsylvania, reveals one of the inequali-
ties which now exist in the educational system
of the country. I think no Senator can hear
this without feeling the outrage :
Reading, Pennsylvania, January 8,1872.
Dear Sir: You no doubt will wonder who is
addressing you from the Democratic stronghold of
Pennsylvania. The subject I wish to refer to and
ask your advice is as follows, which has reference
to our schools: several years ago the Reading
school board provided a separate school-house for
the colored people, which is situated outside of the
populated part of the city. The colored people had
no other remedy bat to submit, although their chil-
dren had to tramp the snows and rains of winter for
several miles; but at last a new era has dawned
upon that race who have borne the chains of slavery
so many years. The civil rights bill has erased the
lines of distinction which our school board made.
To-day I, as one of the controllers, have given
orders to admit four colored children into the sec-
tion in which they reside; that is, I admitted them
into the white schools. 1 have done what all the !
rest of the controllers refused to do. I am now
threatened with impeachment, in the hoard, and
there are also threats made to dismiss the colored
scholars, and send them back to their own school,
out of the scction. Can you not give mc advice what
course I shall pursue ? If the colored man votes in
the section, can the school board send his children
out of his section to school? Will you ask the
Attorney General of the United States his opinion ?
Thenlwill fightthem.
You will oblige, yours, truly,
A. H. PHILLIPPS.
Hon. Charles Sumner,
United States Senator, Washington, D. G.
Does any one say that the separate school
provided for these colored children is an equiv-
alent for the common school? Does not this
case reveal the very hardship which I tried to
portray the other day in my remarks? I then
insisted that it was only through the common
school that equal education could be obtained,
that the separate school from its very nature
must be a failure, and that it never could afford
equal education; and now comes this testi-
mony in suppoit of my remarks.
I now come to Alabama, unhappily once a
slave State, unhappily at this moment troubled
by what is known as the Ku Klux. I have
in my hand the constitution and by-laws of
the Ku Klux in one of the counties of Ala-
bama, and with your permission will read the
preamble:
" Whereas, in the present condition of the coun-
try, it is necessary that there should exist some
organization by and through which good citizens
may be enabled to act promptly and efficiently in
securing the election to office of competent men;
mm who have never pandered to the detestable doc-
trine of negro equality, nor forsaken the cause of
their race for the contemptible object of self-
aggrandizement; and -whereas it is also necessary
that the civil authorities should be sustained and
upheld in a strict, prompt, and rigid enforcement
of the law against ail wrong-doers; and whereas
there are certain offenses that may be committed by
a class of the population in our midst which the
law neither does nor can punish : Therefore,
"To secure a white man's Government"—
Mark, if you please, the words of this Ku
Klux constitution—
" to enforce the law, to preserve order, and to pro-
tect all good citizens and persons in the full and
peaceful enjoyment of life, liberty, and property,
and m the prosecution of their daily business, free
from fear of molestation or hinderance, we do adopt
for our government the following constitution and
by-la ws."
Then follow the constitution and by-laws, I
need not say brutal and atrocious in character ;
but you will not fail to mark that the central
point of this whole organization is to secure a
white man's Government; that is, to carry out
the original object of the rebellion as declared
by Jefferson Davis, on this floor, in his fare-
well address, and afterward announced by
Alexander _H. Stephens, vice president of the
rebellion, in his too famous speech. The
object of the rebellion was to establish a white
man's Government, to overturn the declared
principles of our national Government, and
to substitute instead principles of inequality;
and now the Ku Klux Klan of Alabama take
up " the lost cause " of the rebellion and em-
body it in their preamble and constitution.
Sir, against that I declare my opposition at all
times. I stand on the great principles declared
by our fathers, those axiomatic and self-evi-
dent truths, which, being axiomatic and self-
evident, are beyond question, and those I in-
sist shall be maintained by the legislation of
Congress carrying out the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States.
This testimony from the Ku Klux Klan re-
veals to us the necessity of the legislation that
I now propose. But this is not all. 1 have a
letter from H. J. Europe, of Mobile, Alabama,
from which 1 will read a few passages:
" Perhaps you may think thatwe ought to be satis-
fled ; that enough has been done for us; -that we are
ungrateful. I ha ve tried to think so, too. We may
be ungrateful. Yes, we are ungrateful. But we are
men, although incased in black skins. And, sir, the
fact that we are men, having ttie same faculties,
though for the most jjart undeveloped, and subjected
to the same aspirations, passions, and weaknesses as
other men, should explain all," * * * *
" It may not be out of place to state that the col-
ored women, no matter of how good a character, of
how much dignity and refinement, if they wish to
visit a theater, are obliged to climb three or four
flights of stairs, and then sit among the harlots ; to
stand on the platforms of street cars, sleep on the
floors of steamboats, and on railroads to ride in the
smoking-cars, and in nearly every case are charged
first-eiass fare. We hope, however, with assistance
of God, that you will triumph." ' * * *
"I see from the papers that you voted against
amnesty to these unrepentant rcbeK I hope the
rntpers told the trurh, for, in my humble judgment,
1 cannot believe that such men as John Forsyth
ought ever to hold office. Why, here the police wear
confederate gray, and the lives of colored people
and white Republicans are not safe in our State.
There are several men now on tiiai before the Uni-
ted States circuit court, charged with ' Ku Kluxing.'
And until our lives are safe, I think, with ail of my
people, that we want no amnesty bills passed."
I come now to the State of Virginia. You
have already had many petitions presented
from that State, asking for the passage of the
supplementary bill. One was presented the
other day by the Senator from that State, [Mr.
Lewis,] signed by several thousand colored
citizens. 1 presentedone this morning, signed
by a large number of the senators and repre
sentatives in the Legislature of that State.
Now, if you please, I will read a brief letter
from P. K. Jones, of the house of delegates:
House op Delegates, Richmond, Virginia,
December 30, 1871.
D'eak Sie: The supplement to thecivilrights bill,
now before Congress, is agitating the country from
one end of the land to the other, a bill which every
colored man in the land needs. T see tfiat you are
the author of the same, as you are of all the great
progressive movements in this country. I cannot
enumerate the wrongs that are perpetrated upon
our people in this State. We cannot go to the Cap-
itol unless being proscribed m the street cars in
which we ride. Sir, cannot something be done?
Yours, truly P. Iv. JONES.
Hon. Charles Sumner.
I have here, also, a Virginia newspaper,
the National Virginian, of January 6, from
which I will read a brief article:
" The Supplementary CM Eights Bill.—At the last
session of Congress Mr. Sumner presented a bill in
the United States Senate providing that the same
rights shall be enjoyed by colored people on steam-
boats, railroads, and at hotels as are accorded white
people. The measuro ia eminently just and proper,
and we most sincerely trust will speedily become a
law oi the land.
"The twaddle in the United StatesSenate of weak-
kneed Republicans over amnesty to rebels who scorn
to ask them for it, and would contemptuously refuse
to recognize them upon the highway*, is really dis-
gusting to those knowing anything of t he opposition
we have hero to de>i,l with. It is not the rebel Dem-
ocrats, but the true and loyal men who need the
care and kindness of Congress.
"Give the colored man his plain, clear, civil rights
as an American citizen. Give u< a measure to pro-
tect us, white and black, from a Ku Klux judge and
jury, and you will have done your duty to us. We
claim, by reason of our fidelity una work, your first
consideration.
# "If amnesty is#not worth asking for, assuredly it
13 not worth the time it costs to discuss the question,
and the passage ^ of any such measure would be a
disgraceful gratuity to an unpenitent and malignant
ioe.
Such, sir, are the sentiments of tlie colored
people in Virginia, expressed in one of their
public organs. They do not agree with Sen-
ators who ask that the rights of the colored
