1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1329
of the highest Republican character, if he
will pardon me for using a word that has come
to be so offensive to him; and therefore he is
disposed, in order to get ready for some such
discussion, to have to-morrow to himself.
So much for that. Bat seriously, Mr. Presi-
dent—serious I have been already—we now
have under consideration an appropriation
bill, the first one which is not a formal bill
like the pension bill. Some time ago we took
it up for consideration ; it has been hung up
for a fortnight for other purposes; and now
when we sit down to engage in the real busi-
ness of the careful expenditure of the peo-
ple's money for public objects, no sooner do
we get fairly started upon that than a proposi-
tion is made that we shall waste another day,
and adjourn over from to-day until Monday.
Can that be justly justified? Can we not
be permitted to go on With the regular meth-
odical business of this session to-morrow?
Here are behind this bill already reported from
the Committee on Appropriations the Indian
bill, which every one knows inyolves the ex-
penditure of great sums of money, involves
the prosecution of a great policy, involves a
great variety of amendments which must have
discussion and consideration; and then behind
that is the naval bill which has already been
reported, and others to come. And yet we
act as if we were having a summer's tourna-
ment here ; and after an hour or two or three
of labor we are to adjourn from Thursday or
Friday until Monday, and then begin again
that same political performance, and go on
for three or four days, and then take up as a
mere shuttle-cock to fill up the time, to be
tossed to and fro for a few hours, ail appropri-
ation bill.
I submit to Senators that this is not a fair
and just way to transact the public business;
but now that we have our minds on this bill,
let us go on with it to-morrow and finish it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
sorry that my friend from Vermont is so trou-
bled about the Republican party that he thinks
it will be ruined if the Senate does not meet
on Saturday. I think the Republican party
will best be protected by correcting its abuses
and making it a cure party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you speak for it?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my kind of
Republicanism. I hope I do speak for it
much more than the Senator from "Vermont,
and if the Republican party has received any
damage, it is from just such illiberal partisan
speeches as the Senator has made here this
evening, appealing to psrty on a question of
adjourning over, as if the Republican party
was to be upheld or put down by reason of an
adjournment over Saturday 1 There are some
persons who cannot even vote on a question
of adjourning over Saturday without consider-
ing what effect that will have on the party!
The Senator from "Vermont seems to move in
that sphere. He is afraid that if we adjourn
over the Republican party will suffer, and no
vote is to be given in this body except with
reference to that, and he says these Democrats
all vote to adjourn over, and the principles of
the Republican party are at stake on that
question 1 I think it is just that sort of spirit
that is calculated to bring the Republican party
into reproach.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take up any
time on this subject. I think if the Senate can
be permitted to vote without getting up a party
discussion on the question of whether we shall
adjourn over from Friday to Monday or not,
it will be quite as well for the public service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not altogether sure
that I have not injured the Republican party a
good many times. I do not profess to be om-
nipotent or all-wise; but I certainly can pay
my respectful homage to my friend from Illi-
nois and say that he has not injured the Repub-
lican party lately, for the reason that he has
not acted either with it or for it; and when
he has occupied the attitude that he has,
42d Cong. 2b Sbss,—No. 84.
the Republican party is altogether beyond any
injury that he can do to it, whether he talks as
if he were in it or out of it. I speak for the
Republican party, or for that part of it that I
compose, which is, to be sure, a very small
part, in the sense that the Republican party is
charged with the administration of this Gov-
ernment, and whatever is for the interest of
that, party is for its interest because it is for
the interest of the people.. But when I see
the whole body of the opposition party voting
solid against any proposition to fix the termin-
ation of this session, and then always voting
solid in favor of sitting just as few days as
possible, I have a right, as one member of
this party, to declare that I understand the
motive of it, and I need not ask the honorable
Senator from Illinois, who is the stout and
zealous ally of that sort of thing, for permis-
sion to do so!
Mr. CAMERON. I rise now to renew my
motion that the Senate go into executive ses-
sion. Perhaps we shall have peace by the
time we get through with our executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 26, noes 22.
Mr. BAYARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Srelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin,
llarlan, Hill, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pratt. Robertson, Scott, Sherman, West,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—27.
NATS —Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Chan-
dler, Clayton, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Michigan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Norwood, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Spencer,
Stevenson, Stockton. Thurinan, Trumbull, and
V ickers _24«
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Cooper, Cragiri, Davis of Kentucky, i'onton.
Ferry of Connecticut, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine. Morton, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and Tipton—22.
So the motion was agreed to; and the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business. After eighteen minutes
spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 1, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
fort tompkins, new york.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Besolved, That the Secretary of War foe requested
to furnish for the information of the House such
reports as have been made to the Department, rel-
ative to the amount necessary to finish and com-
plete the grading of the fort known as the fort, on
the site of Sort Tompkins, New York harbor.
mary eobbins.
On motion of Mr. FRYE, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) relative to the
claim of Mary Robbins, deceased, who was
the widow of Brentval Robbins, an officer of
the army of the Revolution ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
personal explanation.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I desire to offer a
resolution, and to make a statement thereon in
the way of personal explanation.
Mr. COX. We will hear the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Attorney General be requested
to lay before this House such information as he may
have regarding the action of the Federal grand jury
at Austin, Texas, including: all facts as to the bribery
of said grand jury, and the ooaduot of the officers
of said court in this matter.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Texas on
this side of the House is not in his seat, aqd I
must object to anything of this kind until he
comes in.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. The part I desire
to take will not affect my colleagues upon the
other side of the House.
Mr. COX. It will involve us in a Ku Klux
debate. It may give rise to endless debate, and
disturb the public business which is now going
along so happily. I object.
Mr. CLARE, of Texas. I would say to the
gentleman that this is the first time that I have
endeavored to get the floor during this session,
and he knows that I am obliged shortly to re-
turn to Texas in order to take testimony in the
case of my election contest.
Mr. COX. In the absence of the gentle-
man's colleague I hope he will see the pro-
priety of my objection.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. My colleagues per-
fectly understood my purpose to make this
explanation to day.
Sir. COX. I must insist on my objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman
object to the gentleman from Texas making a
personal explanation ?
Mr. COX. In the absence of the members
from Texas on this side of the House I do
object, without meaning discourtesy to any
one.
Mr. MAYNARD. I merely wanted to undei'-
stand whether the gentleman objected.
Mr. COX. I made the objection distinctly,
and the gentleman knows that I have a perfect
right to object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly. 1 only
wished to know if the gentleman did object.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Will the gentleman
from Now York withdraw his objection when
my colleagues come in?
Mr. COX. I will consult with the gentle-
man's colleagues, and if they consent I will
have no objection.
c. w. seaton.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to an appro-
priation to pay C. W. Seaton, patentee of a
machine now in use in the Census Office in the
compilation of statistics of age and sex ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
survey of the ohio river.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of February 20, 1872, in relation
to the survey of the dam in the Ohio river near
the mouth of the Cumberland river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
kansas claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House concurrent resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in relation to
losses suffered by the people of the Territory
of Kansas from the action of the territorial
officials during the years 1855 and 1856 ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
william f. axx) g. m. dyer.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to an account
of William F. and G. M. Dyer, for beef cattle
furnished to the Pi-Ute Indians during the
winter of 1861-62; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
fines of mail contractors, etc.
"The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Postmaster General, in com-
