1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ask, what noble deed has it done in the last
twenty years which should ennoble its name or
secure it a place in the esteem of mankind ?
Let him who can point out that noble deed ;
I cannot. It secured the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise in the interest of a slave-
holding aristocracy. By every device known to
skillful and unscrupulous politicians they at-
tempted to secure an outlet to slavery upon
free territory, apparently forgetful of all other
substantial interests, they spoke and legislated
in the interest of slavery, and chained their
fortunes to the chariot-wheels of the hated
institution. Their last President vetoed the
homestead bill, which proposed to open our
immense outlying public domain to settlement
and cultivation. For which of all these deeds
of that party shall we honor it by inviting it
again to rule over us? Again, was the Demo-
cratic party more honest, while in power, in
handling the money of the people? Was it
more economical in administeiing the finan-
cial affairs of the country? .We shall see fur-
ther on in the course of our remarks.
But now let us see further what has beeh
the record of the Republican party during the
last ten or twelve years in our political history.
When it came into power it found the national
Treasury empty, and a national debt of some-
thing more than sixty-four million dollars in
gold. Within the bounds of the Common-
wealth rebellion had already reared its head,
and had an army of not less than fifty thou-
sand men armed and equipped, threatening to
march upon the capital and seize upon the
archives of the nation. We were both with-
out an army or a navy, without arms or the
munitions of war, and nearly half the States,
with their forts, arsenals, dock-yards, and cus-
tom-houses, principally in the hands of the
enemy. There was treason at the capital,
treason in the Army, treason in the Navy, trea-
son everywhere, and unrebuked by the out-
going Administration. A rebel president had
been chosen and inaugurated by the States in
rebellion, and a rebel congress was in session
at Montgomery, Alabama.
The enemies of free government in Europe
were pointing in derision to what they denom-
inated a dismembered Republic, and taunt-
ingly declaring that the great American ex-
periment of free government had at length
proved a failure. Never before did a party
come into power under such fearful embarrass-
ments. The great work of restoring order and
of preserving the life of the Government was
on them at once. The friends of the Union
were slow to believe that when the crisis should
come the arbitrament of the sword must be
the ultimate appeal. They were therefore
almost wholly unprepared for such high resist-
ance to legitimate authority. No unconstitu-
tional acts had been committed on their part.
In the exercise of their rights as freemen they
had elected by constitutional means a true and
tried man from among the people to hold the
reins of Government for the next four years,
who was sworn to maintain the Union and the
Constitution and to enforce the laws, and to
preserve inviolable the rights of all the people.
There was no plot or conspiracy against any
man or section or community of men.
Why, then, should there have been any very
serious apprehensions" of such a terrible up-
heaval and such fierce and stubborn resistance
to constitutional authority? Was not, after
all, ours tlie freest and best Government in the*
world? But where there is a will, a stern pur-
pose, there is a way. When the storm burst
upon an unoffending and almost helpless Gov-
ernment, the strong hearts that then guarded
its honor and safety found means to roll back
the tide of war and save the nation's life.
Was the enemy in earnest to break up the
Union? Was the foe formidable, and the
peril really imminent? Was success on the part
of the friends of the Government problemat-
ical? Was it questionable even among the
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 140.
hopeful whether or not the life of the nation
could be saved? Yet it was saved. Prouder
than ever the great Republic lifted itself up
among the nations of the world. To the united
and persistent efforts and patriotism of what
party are we indebted for these splendid re-
sults? Certainly not the Democratic party.
Had the Republican party faltered in that hour
of peril, who can estimate how fearful would
have been our national degradation, and how
complete and hopeless the overthrow of free
institutions in the New World?
The enemies of the country had already
learned not only to love slavery, but they had
come to hate the principles upon which our
Government had been established. They were,
according to their latter-day revelations of
political philosophy, all wrong. "Our fath-
ers," said one of the great lights of the rebel
confederacy, " erred in laying the foundations
of government among us. They .laid the
foundations of government upon the notion
of the equal rights of all men. We propose,
in lieu thereof, to rear a Government which
shall recognize the inherent inequalites of
races, and whose corner-stone shall be that
of slavery." But the Republican party dis-
appointed these devilish designs, and saved
this country to freedom, I trust, henceforth
and forever. Let it be set doW'ti then to the
credit of the Republican party that it was true
and faithful "in the darkest and most threaten-
ing hour in our nation's life.
Wherever free labor was degraded the Re-
publican party has made it honorable, and in
doing this has done more for the laboring men
of this country than all the acts of the Demo-
cratic party since its first organization. In
the first year of Republican rule we passed a
liberal homestead law, and thereby saved the
public domain to the enterprising laboring
men of this country for all time to come.
Again, when the defenders of slavery by their
open rebellion had forfeited all rights to claim
anything at the hands of the Government, we
struck from the fettered limbs of four million
people, their former bondsmen, the degrading
chains of slavery, and bade them look up as
God's freedmen. The emancipation procla-
mation is the brightest, jewel m the diadem of
the great and good Lincoln; and the further
we get away from the scenes of our recent
conflicts, and the more completely the mind
is divested of its ancient prejudices, the more
wonderful will that grand document appear in.
the eyes of all just men the world over.
And again, the party in power by an amend-
ment to the Constitution known as the thir-
teenth article of amendment, has declared
that—
"Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment lor crime whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist m the United
States or any place subject to their jurisdiction."
Again, the fourteenth article of amendment,
which, among other things, declares that—
"All persons,born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens ofthe UnitedStateaandoftheState where-
in they reside. No State shall makaor enforce any
law which shall abridge the privileges or immuni-
ties ot citizens of the United States, nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the eciual protection of the
laws"—
has become a part of the organic law of the
land.
And lastly comes the fifteenth article of
amendment, without which liberty to all
would still be insecure, and our system itself
be inharmonious ; which, corresponding with
the great principles of true republican liberty,
declares that—
" The right of citizens to vote shall not be denied
or abridged by the United States, or by any State,
on account of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude." :
These changes in our organic law ace radi-
cal in their character. They, however, involve
no new principles unknown to the founders of
our institutions. They are a part of the great
scheme of human liberty so grandly conceived
by the great minds who among us had most
carefully studied the principles of self-govern-
ment in the light of the relations of man to
man, and the duty and obligations growing oat
of a proper apprehension of those relations.
The Republican party has only thus brought
these great principles forward to the very front
of our system, has more clearly and disiinctly
announced them, and guarded them, to the
end that all the people among us shall alike
share in the blessings of Government, and
everywhere beneath our flag be equally secure
in their person and property, and in the exer-
cise of all the rights with which the God of
nature has endowed them.
But in doing all this we have instituted a
new order of things. A revolution has been
superinduced, constitutional, however, in its
form and mode, more wonderful really, and
more pleasing to the contemplation of true
statesmen and philanthropists, than the world
perhaps has ever witnessed before. Who
now among us would turn this revolution
backward? Who could now desire the an-
nulment of these recent articles of amend-
ment to the Constitution? Who could desire
to see reinaugurated the old order of things
existing in 1861, when the Democratic party
abdicated, it is to be hoped forevei, at the
stern behest of the American people? Sir,
the civilized world would shudder at the idea
of a backward movement; yet the deluded
mourners over a lost cause may not for awhile
come to understand and appreciate the supe-
rior advantages of the new order of things, or
so adjust themselves to it as to reap its full
benefits, nevertheless the world moves, and
mankind will continue more and more to
approve, unless God himself should abandon
His own throne of justice and right.
But how stood the Democratic party in rela-
tion to these progressive measures and salu-
tary reforms? Even the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion and the preservation of
the nation's life was prosecuted to a successful
issue despite the organized opposition of that
party. While they bad but few words of com-
plaint to utter against rebellion itself, or against
its great leaders, they ceased not, day nor night,
to denounce the Administration then respous-
ible for the maintenance of the Government,
as violating the Constitution, as subverting the
laws, and plotting to overthrow the liberties of
the people. And yet the Constitution stands
in all its glory with new luster superadded,
the laws are executed, and all law-abiding
people are free. The Government to-day
menaces the rights of no citizen, and frowns
nowhere upon any but those who, unmindful
of manly duty, go out of their way to meddle
with and trample upon the rights of others.
The emancipation proclamation, that now
world-renowned instrument, was assailed and
fiercely denounced by the Democratic party.
The civil rights bill, conceived.in the interests
of humanity, impinging upon the rights of no
man, but purposing more fully to secure equal
rights to others, who hitherto had been but
slightly regarded, met their unqualified disap-
proval. The Freedmen's Bureau bill, which
looked to the relief, the temporary relief, of
the lately emancipated serfs, and the destitute
of both races in the Slates lately iu rebellion,
and made destitute by the terrible ravages of
war, was another object of their fierce denun-
ciation ; and yet a nation that should Iiave done
less in that direction would have deserved the
execration of mankind. A11 the skill and in-
genuity of the Democratic party were arrayed
in opposition to all the recent amendments to
the Constitution. They were either quarrel-
ing with the spirit and intent of the amend-
ments, or the way by which they were secured
and made a part of the organic law. The
ways of tbe'Republican party, however, have
never suited them in anything, though tri-
