1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
people should be postponed. They do riot see
the great virtue of amnesty, while you continue
to deny the rights of a race. They insist, first
and foremost, upon their own rights.
From Virginia, I pass to her neighbor State.
Maryland, and here I begin with a letter from
W. U. Saunders, of Baltimore:
Baltimore,, December 22,1871.
Dear Sir : It is incomprehensible how the mag-
nanimity of the Republicans at Washington gushes
out toward those who for four years strove to de-
stroy the Government and the hopes of freemen
everywhere, while they seein to delight in attempt-
ing to destroy the very men whose life-devotion to
principle has made it possible for them to attain to
power. And they have no word of commendation or
of encouragement for those people who, by their
loyalty, fidelity, and sacrifice, under the leadership
of good men and truelike yourself, have contributed
their share toward the peace from which all men
were promised equal benefits.
The time is come when the issue must be made. If
it is necessary, from policy, to enfranchise all rebels,
thon the timo is come when principle should assert
itself in favor of trie equal privileges which you
demand for my race. Five millions of God-fearing
people pray daily for your success.
When the issue comes squarely let so-called Re-
publicans dodge it and take the consequences; and
those whose votes are cast against your equitable
proposition will go down to posterity with a stain
upon their garments that the waters of the river
Jordan will not wash out.
I have the honor to be, Senator, very truly, your
friend,
Senator Charles Sumner.
W. U. SAUNDERS,
58 St. Mary's Street.
An authentic incident, which I am able now
to set forth, shows how this writer is justified
in his appeal. I have here an abstract from
the Washington Chronicle of April 21 last
entitled uInsult to public men." I read it:
"Yesterday Hon. P. L. Cardozo, the secretary of
State for South Carolina, and Hon. A. J. Ransier,
chairman of the State central committee of the
Republican party of that State, arrived in Baltimore
to take part in the proceedings of the national ex-
ecutive committee of the Union League of America,
which met there. The meeting was appointed to
be held at the Eutaw House. The above-named
gentlemen arrived bv the morning train, registered
themselves, and retired to their room to refresh
themselves. They had scarcely sat down before they
were waited upon by the proprietorof the hotel, who
informed them that they must immediately depart.
They demanded the reason and were informed that
'no niggers were allowed to put up at the house.'
They remonstrated, and declined to retire unless
they were forcibly ejected. Thisthey were then in-
formed would be done, and to save further trouble
they departed, after informing the hotel-keeper that
they should demand legal redress. These gentlemen
are educated, refined, and in every way unexcep-
tionable, but having a tinge of color in their faces
were denied the use of a place of public entertain-
ment. As soon as the national executive commit-
ted) of tlie Union Le.igue were informed of the cir-
cumstances, they immediately canceled their en-
gagement of rooms at the Eutaw House, and sought
quarters where American citizens of good character
might peaceably assemble without criticism of the
color of the face or curl of the hair. Governor Geary
of Pennsylvania remarked that such proscription
belouged to the days before the war, and that it
would be disgraceful to seem to countenance such an
insult to respectable gentlemen. The national com-
mittee, at its meeting, passed a resolution strongly
censuring the conduct of the hotel-keeper, and pledg-
ing the whole power of the Union League to take
such steps as to prevent the recurrence of such inso-
lent treatment."
Now, sir, I ask how can those colored fellow-
citizens, Mr. Cardozo and Mr. Ransier, feel
toward this Republic which allows them to be
treated in this brutal fashion? Must they not
feel that they are not in the enjoyment of those
equal rights which belong to them as citizens
of this country? Are they not justified in the
appeal which they make for the passage of the
pending measure? Are they not justified in
insisting that the rights of the colored race
shall be first secured before you undertake to
remove the disabilities of rebels?
From Maryland I pass to Texas, another
slave State; and here, from a letter dated at
Austin, Texas, December 11,1871,1 will read
the following extract, which I find in the New
York Tribune:
"It is with great difficulty that houses for colored
schools can be procured. A school-house near Cal-
vert, in which was a colored school, was recently
burned by unknown persons; also a school-house in
Collin county, and another in Houston county. Not
long since a teacher of a colored school in Bastrock
county was taken from his home at night, tied to a
tree and whipped nearly to death; his school-house
42d Cong. 2d Sess.™No. 28.
was also burned; and a short time since another
toacher was whipped in tho some county. On the
21st instant, a school-house for the colored people
in Towash Hill county was burned by unknown per-
sons, but I am informed that the people have already
raised the money to build another. At Brenham, a
lady teacher of a private school attended a Repub-
lican meeting, for which act the patrons of her school
withdrew their children. At Millican a teacher of
a public school cast his vote for the Republican Con-
gress candidate, and his school was broken up in
consequence. The Legislature appropriated 6504,000
for the school year ending August 31,1872." ~
All this brutality directed against the col-
ored school teaches us the lesson that the only
protection for the colored child is the common
school placed under the safeguard of law. A
separate school becomes at once an indignity
to the race, and also a mark and target for
the arrows of their enemies. We see from this
statement how the separate schools in Texas
suffer, how impossible it is for any such pro-
vision to meet the just wants of the community.
The only way in which that can be done is by
having one school for all, as is proposed in
the pending bill.
From Texas I ask you to pass to the Missis-
sippi river, and to ascend it. You will see
then how the outrages which I am exposing
prevail, not only in State lines but elsewhere,
on board the steamers on that great loidly
thoroughfare. I read from a communication
of John A. Newby in the New National Era,
dated at Washington, December 29, 1871:
"It may not be amiss at this point to allude to
certain indignities and unjust proscriptions that I
was recently subjected to when having had occasion
to travel on tho Mississippi river between St. Louis
and Cairo. First, that they sell colored persons
first-class tickets in common with their white fellow-
passengers, and then refuse to give them the equiva-
lent for thesame, i.e., they refuse to give you a state-
room in the main cabin, and consequently you are
cither obliged to sleep^ in the toxas or Frcedman's
Bureau, so called, designated for the newly-Hedged
citizens of African extract, orpromenadcthe boiler-
deck all niglU. Your humble coi respondent was con-
ducted to tho above-named quarters the other night
on board one of the Memphis packets, to a room
assigned for three occupants. When I approached
tho room I was shown an upper berth, there being
already two occupants, and from whom emitted an
effluvia which strongly savored of the culinary de-
partment, and the bed was ho undulating as to ren-
der sleep impossible. I don't see why discrimination
cannot be made among colored people, for example
if a colored person lacks self-respect and common
decency why should well-bred colored persons be
stigmatized, simply because, they happen to belong
to the same race ? I am decidedly in favor of allow-
ing water to find its level. I have travelod exten-
sively on the continent of Europe and have failed
utterly to find any proscription on account of color,
or race, or previous condition, the fact being a cir-
cumstance over which they had no control."
" Your humble correspondent has had the distin-
guished honor of sitting in the same box at the
Grand Imperial Opera at Paris with one of the French
deputies or members of the Corps Legislate ; and,
what is strange to say, no one's equilibimm was in
the slightest degree disturbed by leason ot my pres-
ence in that conspicuous locality. On the contrary,
every one seemed to vie with each other who could
make me feel the most at home, and entertain me
the most agreeably. The same is true with hotels
and public banquets, soirees, &o. So forfrom assign-
ing you to some remote corner of the room, you were
conducted by the host or hostess at the head of the
table, the locality being designated generally by a
bouquet of flowers, or the national colors of one's
country.''
And now, sir, after this review of testimony
from different States and from different parts
of the country, I come to Washington ; and
here the evidence is ample. As with one voice
the colored people of Washington have united
in asking for their rights. They ask them by
petitions, by resolutions adopted in public
meetings, by addresses—all expressed with
ability and judgment. Nor is that all. The
highest representative body of the District has
united in this appeal. I have here the pro-
ceedings of the house of delegates, dated
Thursday, January 11,1872, from which I read
as follows:
"Mr. Murray submitted the following concurrent
resolution for consideration, namely:
" Be itrenolved by the House of Delegates, (the Coun-
cil concurring,) That the committee on national
relations of the council and house of delegates be
authorized and requested to urge upon Congress the
Bassage of the bill known as the Supplementary
ivil Rights Bill, introduced by Hon. Charles Scjm-
ner, and now pending in the Senate.
"The resolution was read.
"On motionby Mr.Cassin. that the same be referred
to the committee on national relations,
4 'It was determined in the negative—yeas5,nays 13.
Those who voted in the affirmative arc—
" Messrs, Cassin, Ennis, Harkness, Lloyd, and
Moore.
^Thoso who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Boswcll, Brown, Burgess. Bursley, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Hall, Handy, Hunt, McKniglit, Murray,
Solomons, and the Speaker.
So the motion was disagreed to.
'' The question recurring on agreeing to the resolu-
tion,
"After debate,
"It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 13,
nays 4.
" Those who voted in the affirmative are—
'' Messrs. Boswell. Brown. Burgess, Bursley, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Hall, Handy, Hunt, McICnight, Murray,
Solomons, and the Speaker.
"Those who voted in the negative arc—
" Messrs. Cassin, Ennis, Harkness, and Lloyd.
" Bo the resolution was agreed to.*'
The thirteen yeas being all Republicans, and
I am sorry to say the four nays Democrats—all
the Democrats I believe in that body uniting
against this declaration. In harmony with
this official act is a letter from one of our col-
ored fellow-citizens whom I honor much, Pro-
fessor John M. Langston, of Howard Univer-
sity, an excellent speaker and an able lawyer,
born in Virginia a slave, educated afterward
at Oberlin, in Ohio, and now giving to the
neighboring university the fruits of his cul-
ture. In a letter dated at Howard University*
December 26, 1871, and addressed to the Wash-
ington Chronicle, he writes as follows:
44 Indeed, the colored man cannot be educated in
any proper sense, however numerous may be the
school-houses to which ho is invited, however boun-
tiful the school endowment put within his reach,
however admirable the school system in accordance
with the methods of which it is proposed to educate
him, it'he is not made to feel in the common school,
the academy, tliccollege, and the professional school,
that his manhood, his civil and social rights, are
recognized and respected. This certainly is true of
an American whether whito or black. To attempt
the education of a person in the midst of atolerated
and justified system of caste, is sure to dwarf rather
than draw out and make useful his powers. It leads
one so far to feel himself inferior to those of the
dominant class in the midst of whom he moves, as
too often to accept patronizing treatment tor a recog-
nition of his manhood and his rights; to accept edi-
bles kindly given from a basket, while ho fails to
make demand for suitable recognition of his rights
at the public hotel. X fear that the colored man, of
whom you speak so highly in your article, has in a
large measure lost his manhood,and in consequence
of the very thing of which I speak."
Now mark, if you please, sir, how clearly
this colored professor draws the line between
legal rights and society. He answers every
allegation that this is a question of society;
shows that it is simply a question of rights :
" I would have no colored man 'thrust' himself
upon ' whito people.' I would have white people
and black upon the same legal level. And, as far as
colored men are educated, learned, virtuous, and in-
fluential, I would haveth^m recognized and treated
legally and socially according to theirworth. Other-
wise, education, learning, virtue, and influence, pos-
sessed by colored persons, must be considered well
nigh valueless, while they render their posscssorsen-
sitive to neglcct and abuse, and thus ever unhappy.
"While, thon, I would have our schools in the
North and in the South largely endowed by giants
of public lands and the judicious expenditure of
large sums of money from the national and State
treasuries. I would first of all have Somnek's sup-
plementary civil rights bill passed by Congress, and
I believe thatit is the duty of all Republicans, as it is
the duty of all colored men in this country, to insist
upon its passage and enforcement without delay."
In harmony with this statement of this lead-
ing colored citizen, is an article in the New-
National Era, a paper devoted to the rights of
colored citizens, and edited by a colored citi-
zen, who, in the first number for the year,
while he is expressing the wishes and aspira-
tions of the season, says:
"One after another have the fetters that bound
him to a level with the brute been stricken off. till
now all that is left to be done in the year 1872 to
complete his full freedom, is the abolition by law of
all the distinctions and discriminations that deny to
him rights and privileges enjoyed by other citizens.
To this end we invoke the aid of the Republican
party now in power in this nation, the influence of the
nation's Chief Magistrate, the President of the Uni-
ted States-, whose impressive words in his inaugural
addiess rendered important service in securing the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment. Soon to
come again before the people for election, President
Grant can do nothing that will give him a stronger
claim upon the colored voter of the South than to
give his influence to the enacting of % law that will
