4018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
interests of that kind as compared with the
laboring class in the division of profits, were re-
fused the information. If they cannot acquire
the information by merely asking for it, how
will you acquire it by this commission?
You appropriate money enough here to pay
three persons $5,000 per annum, with a clerk ;
and that is all you do. In order to give this
commission vitality, force, and strength, it
would be necessary to appropriate money suf-
ficient to pay witnesses, to give authority to
, send for persons and papers, and power to
bring them before it, and force them to dis-
close certain facts. There is no such author-
ity given, nor do I think it would be proper
for us to exercise that kind of authority.
I have but a few moments, and I do not want
to discuss the question at length. I desire,
however, to ask the Senator from Massachu-
setts a question. This bill is strangely drawn.
Look at its language, commencing at line thir-
teen to the word "and." These commission-
ers are to investigate what? "The social,
educational, and sanitary coudition of the
laboring classes of the United States, and
how the same are affected by existing laws
regulating commerce, finance, and currency."
That is to say, how the education is affected
by the laws regulating commerce; how the
sanitary condition is affected by the laws reg-
ulating finance; how the fever and ague in
Louisiana is affected by the laws of currency 1
[Laughter.] That, is the meaning of this bill.
These men are to ascertain how the sanitary
condition of the laboring people is affected
by the laws regulating finance and currency!
The thing in itself is absurd. Think of the
idea that you shall investigate the health of
the people in this way. We have the statis-
tics in reference to health in this country.
We have our medical associations; we have
every means in this country of obtaining sta-
tistics in reference to the sanitary condition
of the people. No country affords better op-
portunity than this for that purpose. We
have reports from all the medical organiza-
tions and associations all over the country.
Then they are to inquire in reference to the
educational condition of the people. Tell me
means can be afforded to this commission to
procure statistics in reference to education
that we have not in every State that has a
common-school system in this whole country 1
Then what is the rest? To inquire bow rel-
atively profits are divided between capital and
labor. How are you going to ascertain that?
You can ascertain that no more readily by a
commission than you can ascertain it by facts
that we have before us to day.
As was well said by the Senator from Wis-
consin, you send out a roving commission to
travel all over this country and inquire of this
man, that man, and the other man as to the
sanitary condition of his neighborhood, and
how the health in that part of the couutry is
affected by the financial laws of Congress;
that is to say, does the law regulating finances
produce the yellow fever in Louisiana or the
chills in Oregon? That is about the sum and
substance of it. Or would a better law regu-
lating the currency of the country cure the
chills and fever in Oregon or prevent yellow
fever in Louisiana?
Mr. SAWYER. Does not the Senator rec-
ognize the fact that a different tariff may pro-
duce such an effect upon the manufactures of
various articles as to seriously affect the pop-
ulation engaged m them ? Does not the Sen-
ator recognize the fact that the protective
system, for instance, encourages an entirely
different class of population and throws them
into entirely different pursuits in one part of
the country from another? The field is broad
enough for that kind of inquiry.
Mr. LOGAN. If my time is out t move to
strike out the last word for the purpose of
giving myself an opportunity to answer the
Senator's question. I recognize the fact th.it
in manufacturing districts you have u differ-
ent class of population from what you have in
agricultural districts; but I do not recognize
the fact that a high tariff or a low tariff affects
the fever and ague anywhere, [laughter ;] nor
do I recognize the fact that you will get a
commission whose report will be satisfactory
on such a question as is now put to me. If
you appoint David A. Wells, Mr. Atkinson,
of Massachusetts, and some other gentlemen
like them, on this commission, they will decide
that a high tariff injures the health of the peo-
ple of the whole country and distresses our
population. But if you were to select on this
commission gentlemen having the notions of
our friend Horace Greeley, that pig iron ought
to pay $100 a ton duty, they will decide that
unless you increase the tariff the whole coun-
try will die next season on account of that
peculiar kind of medicine being kept away
from them. [Laughter.] That will be about
the ^ay of it. That is the kind of report you
will get, and you will get no other kind.
Mr. NYE. Greeley's panacea.
Mr. LOGAN. So you have the Atkinson
and David A. Weils panacea on the one side
and the " balm of life" given to you on the
other by a commission representing the views
of Horace Greeley, or rather the views he has
entertained heretofore ; I do not know whether
he entertains them now or not. [Laughter.]
That is the effect of it.
As was well said by my friend from Wiscon-
sin, I do not believe we have any business to
send men traveling over the country in refer-
ence to these questions. Why does not the
gentleman put in this bill that he wants some-
body to investigate strikes?
Mr. SAWYER. I do.
Mr. LOGAN. Why do you not say so ?
Why do you not say in this bill that you want
to investigate strikes and provide a remedy for
them and see if some punishment cannot be
provided for those who are responsible for
them? You do not say that. Why?
Mr. SAWYER. I will tell the Senator why.
Because we wish to find out by a rational,
sensible investigation whether there are not
causes which produce the strikes which could
be removed by healthy legislation.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. If the strike of
eight or ten thousand laboring men in a city
when their labor is required needs any invest-
igation to understand that question, I think an
investigation by the Senator for a moment
himself would enable him to understand it
without any commission. Strikes are pro-
duced because of the demand for labor, be-
cause the laborers get into their heads that
they want more pay, and that the employer
can be forced to give more pay, and therefore
they demand it. That is the cause of strikes.
Why do you not say that you will investigate
strikes and provide a remedy? It is because
this bill is intended to humbug the laboring
classes, to make them believe what? To make
them believe you are going to do something
for their benefit; it is a tub thrown to the
whale just at this time, and it means nothing
more except to appoint perhaps three elegant
old gentlemen who reside somewhere, who are
out of business of any kind whatever, in a
condition now to pursue that particular object,
for three or four months' travel over the coun-
try with railroad passes, and report to the
President of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Arne--, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Corbett,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fielinghuysen, Hiteh-
eock, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, and
Ramsey—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cameron,
Casserfy, Conkling, Cooper, Critgin, Gold I hwai te,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson, Pool, Robertson,Saulsbuiy, Saw-
yer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer. Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Webt, Wilson,
and Wrlerbt—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow. Buckinghmn, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Fenton,Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Harlan, Howe,
Kellogg, Norwood, Osborn, Pratt, Ransom, Rice,
Sehurz, Stewart, bumner, Thurmun, and Win-
dom—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the
amendment by striking out the word "three"
before "persons" and inserting "five;" and
I wish to state other amendments that I shall
propose. I shall move then to strike out
"one year" and insert "two years;" then to
strike out the word "classes " and insert "pop-
ulation;" and then to strike out " $5,000 a
year" and insert "$3,000 a year."
I wish to state the reason why I propose to
move these amendments. In the first place,
I think if we have an investigation at all
there should be upon the commission gentle-
men of different, training, and that there shou ld
be enough of them to make, if they choose,
different examinations at thg same time in
different parts of the country.
I trust that this measure i-s not intended as a
tub to any whale ; nor is it intended to delude
or deceive anybody. I trust that it is to be a
practical examination of the questions at issue
with a view of ascertaining the absolute truth,
of giving Congress and the country something
upon which we can rely. Therefore I wish to
have on this commission men of diffeient edu-
cations, different pursuits, different ideas, dif-
ferent training, so that we shall have a most
thorough, full, and complete examination I
do not believe the thing can be done in one
year. I think it will require at least two years
to make this examination and give us what we
ought to have, a report that will be of great
value to the country.
In the next place, I propose to strike out
the word " classes," for I do not think in this
country we should put this word "classes" in
our law and insert the word "population."
I never heard the term "laboring class"
here without the same sort of sensation which
I used to have on hearing the word " slave"
used. I wish, therefore, to speak of " the
laboring population" of the country, and not
of " the laboring classes." I would have no
such word in the laws of the country, and I
do not recognize that we have any class in
this country.
In the next place, I think $3,000 a year
would be adequate compensation for such a
commission running through two years. That
would make the amount to be paid about the
same as would be paid for three persons at
$5,000 a year each. As to the other provision
of a $1,400 clerkship, it should be at least
$2,000 or $'2,500, for the clerk of such a
commission should be a gentleman of culture,
of capacity, of character, and of a large in-
formation connected with these subjects.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask a question.
You should not say "laboring population;"
that makes a class.
Mr. WrLSON. No.
Mr. NYE. Certainly. Why not say "to
inspect the whole population, and see what is
best for all ?"
Mr. WILSON. lam willing to strike out
the word " laboring" before "population."
Mr. NYE. That would be better.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator is serious
about this matter 
Mr. WILSON. I am serious.
Mr. LOGAN. I thought it was a jest, but
I see the Senator from Massachusetts is seri-
ous in it. What reason have you for appoint-
ing a commission when you have a statistical
bureau here, and some of the best men in the
country tbere to furnish you just what you
want to get by this com mission. If you ara
serious about this tiling, why not pass a res-
