434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
prevent the proscribing ©f a Representative in Con-
gress from the colored race by railroad companies,
steamboat-owners, or hotel-keepers.
"The colored voter demands from all for whom
ho casts a vote, from President of the united States
down, that they give of whatever influence or power
they may have to assistance m the demolition ot
every barrier that blocks the way of their enjoy-
ment of manhood's rights. If a full pardon is to be
extended to the rebels of the South by Congress, we
demand of the Republican party in Congress, and ot
the Administration, that justice be done to the black
men who have ever been loyal. We feel and know
that the safety of the party in the southern ^tates
requires the passage of just such alawas the sup-
plementary civil rights bill of Senator Sumnei?.
The work has been well besrun by Hon. Charles
• Sumner in the Senate of the United States, and will
be carried out if the Adrn initiation and the Repub-
lican party are determined that the year 1872 shall
see all races and all colors in this nation equal before
the law."
I might read muck more of the same char-
acter, but I come to an important address,
characterized in the newspapers at the time
as ''argumentative and powerful," adopted
at a meeting of the officers and students of
Howard University. 1 call attention to that
admirable paper, which is in itself an irresist-
ible statement of the case for our colored
fellow-citizens better than anything I can say.
I only covet on this occasion something of the
strength that is contained in these words. I
cannot read the whole paper. I will read a
few passages:
"We feel that we can speak authoritatively in
this matter for even a larger numberthan ourselves,
since as officers and students we represent perhaps
every State in the Union, and particularly thesouth-
crn portion of our country, where we suffer more
severely than in any other section by reason of the
cruel and unjust discrimination on account of color,
which we believe the passage and enforcement of
the supplemental civil rights bill will fully correct.
Wo earnestly and respectfully press upon the hon-
orable Senate and House of Representatives the
passage of Senator Sumner's bill, notonly becauso
we believe it will guaranty to us therights to which
we are entitled under the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution, and the civil rights
bill, but because as a just measure we believe it is
essential to all classes of citizens. No Government
or party can long afford to permit even the humblest
oitizen to suffer under an injustice; it must sooner
or later redound to the injury of tho«e who uphold
it, or having the power to correct it fail to do so."
Omitting a part of this address I proceed
to read further from it:
" We further urge the passage of this bill because
we believe that the sooner the legal status of all
classes in thecountry is completely settled, the better
it will bo for all parties concerned."
I ask you, f-ir, if that is not wise, if it is not
statesmanlike; but these are colored fellow-
citizens who say it:
44 Let it be distinctly understood that the amend-
ments and their legitimate results are finalities, that
there is to be no distinction on account of r.ace, color,
or previous condition ot servitude in reality as well
as name. Then, and not till then, can weconfidently
look for a cessation of a system of outrageous treat-
ment toward a class which is a disgrace to humanity
and the American people."
These words are strong ; but are they not the
natural expression of colored fellow-citizens?
The address, m a later part, proceeds :
"As to the other point, that the people will not
bear it, we by no means admit that such is the case;
but, on tho contrary, we believe that the majority
of the people in this country confidently look to the
Republican party to complete the work which they
have so well begun. As students we are trying to
educate ousel ves. We ask of the Republican party,
as our friends, that we be assisted in this effort and
not retarded by being reminded on every hand that
we are regarded as inferiors, and that however well
educated, and however respectable, we can not re-
ceive the same treatment in the public schools, in
the cars, on steamboats, at hotels, and at places of
am usements and instruction, as is accorded to other
citizens. Of social equality we say nothing"—
Here they come back to the point which has
been so ofieu made in this Chamber—
"Of social equality we say nothing, because there
is no such thing as social equality; every white man
can never be the social equal of every other white
man ; no mure can every colored man be the social
equal of every other colored man. It is a matter
which ought to be regulated by character and culture,
certainly uot by legislation." * < *
" Now, in the providence of God, an opportunity
is allowed the Ameucan Congress to unite a meas-
ure of justice with one of* magnanimity. We pray
the American people, through their Congress, that
if it is now too late to be first just and afterward
generous, that they be at leiu>t just and generous at
the same time, now thut an opportunity presents
itself. We have forfeited no rights, we have broken
no law?, wo have never rebelled against what we
yet hope will be best Government the world has
ever seen. On the contrary, wo have given our lives
and our treasures unsrintingly, in the revolution-
ary war, in the war of 1812, and in the suppression
of the great slaveholders' rebellion, and that, too,
for a land in which, until recently, it has been our
only privilege to fertilize it with our labor and
bedew it with our tears. Are we, then, asking too
much when we petition the Congress of the United
States to give to us the same rights they propose to
give to traitors and rebels? We cannot abate our
efforts in this matter. Nay, we will not. We ask
our friends; we ask the Republican party; espe-
cially do we ask those Senators and Representatives
whose constituency is largely colored, that they see
to it that we secure all the rights guarantied to us
by law. If in seeking to accomplish this amnesty to
rebels must fail, then let it fail, and it deserves to."
Sir, this is an address from colored pro-
fessors and students; but does it not dp them
honor? Does it not awaken an echo in your
bosom? I know that I do not put that ques-
tion in vain. I know, sir, that you must gen-
erously respond to it. I know, sir, that you
must sympathize with every word uttered by
these colored fellow-citizens; that you must
feel that they are right when they insist that
they shall be secured in their rights before you
talk about amnesty.
One of the most important aspects of the
pending measure is its operation on the com-
mon school, making it what is implied in its
name, a school open to all. _ The term ''com-
mon" explains itself. Originally, in England
under the law, it defined outlying land near a
village open to all the inhabitants; and the
common school is an institution of education
open to all. If you make it for a class, it is
not a common school, but a.separate school,
and, as I have said frequently to-day, and
also before in addressing the Senate, a sep-
arate school never can be a substitute for the
common school. The common school has
for its badge equality. The separate school
has for its badge in equality. The one has
open doors for all; the other has open doors
only for those of a certain color. That is con-
trary to the spirit of our institutions, to the
promises of the Declaration of Independence,
to all that is implied in the recent constitu-
tional amendments. So long as it continues
the great issue of the war remains still unde-
cided; for, as I explained the other day, that
great issue as stated by Jefferson Davis, and
then again accepted by Abraham Lincoln, was
equality. Only by maintaining equality will
you maintain the great victory of the war.
Now, sir, here in Washington this very
question of separate schools has for some time
agitated the community. The colored people
have themselves acted. They speak for equal
rights. I have in my hand a communication
to the Senate from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, under date of January 18,1871, covering
a report from the trustees of the colored schools
of Washington and Georgetown, in which they
make most important and excellent recom-
mendations. Iiow well at last the colored
people do speak! Who among us can speak
better than they speak in the passages I am
about to read?
"It is our judgment that the best interests of the
colored people ot this capital, and not theirs alone,
but those of all classes, require the abrogation,of
all laws and institutions creating or tending to per-
petuate distinctions based on color, and the enact-
ment m their stead ot such provisions as shall secure
equal privileges to all classes of citizens. The laws
creating the present system of separate schools for
colored children in this District were enacted as a
temporary expedient to meet a condition of things
which has now passed away. That they recognize
and tend to perpetuate a cruel, unreasonable, and
unchristian prejudice, which has been afid is the
source of untold wrong and inj ustice to that class of
the community which we represent, is ample reason
for their modification. The experience of this com-
munity for the last few years has fully demonstrated
that tho association of different races in their daily
occupations and civic duties is as consistent with the
general convcmence as it is with justice, And cus-
tom is now fully reconciled at this capital to the
seating side by ude of white and colored people in
the railway car. the jury-box, the municipal and
Government, otbecs, in the city councils, and even in
the Halls of tho two Houses of Congress. Yet while
the fathers may >it together in those high places of
honor and trust, the children are required by law to
be educated apart. We see neither reason nor jus-
tice in this discrimination. If the fathers are fit to
associate, why are not the children equally so?
"Children, naturally, are not affected by this preju-
dice of race or color. To educate them in separate
schools tends to beget and intensify it in their young
minds, and so toperpetuate itto future generations.
If it is the intention of the United States that these
children shall become citizens in fact, equal before
the law with all others, why tram them to recog-
nize these unjust and impolitic distinctions ? To do
so is not only contrary to reason, but also to the in-
junction of Scripture, which says,' Train up achild
in the way he should go, and when he is old he will
not depart from it.'
"Objection to the stephere recommended has been
made on the ground of expediency. Every advanced
step in the same direction has been opposed on the
same superficial allegation,
" The right of the colored man to ride in the rail-
way cars, to cast the ballot, to sit on the jury, to bold
office, and even to bear arms in defense of his coun-
try, nas encountered the same objection. We are
confident that it will prove of no greater weight in
the present case than it has in the others. There is no
argument for equality at the ballot-box.in the ears,
or on the jury, in holding office, and bearing arms,
which is not equally applicable in the present case.
We may go further, and insist that equality in the
other cases requires equality here; otherwise, the
whole system is incomplete and inharmonious.
"It is worthy of note in this connection that some
of the mostdistinguished men in literary, social, and
political circles m this section of the country have
recently, in setting forth their claims to be consid-
ered the best and truest friends of the people ofcolor,
taken pains to inform the public that they were
reared with colored children, played with them in
the sports of childhood, and were even suckled by
colored nurses in infancy; hence, that no prejudice
against color exists on their part. If this be so, then
with what show of consistency or reason can they
object to the children ot both classes sitting side by
side in school?
"That the custom of separation on account of
color must disappear from our public schools, as it
has from our halls of justice and of legislation, we
regard as but a question of time. Whether this
unjust, unreasonable, and unchristian discrimination
against our children shall continue at the capital of
this great Republic is for the wisdom of Congress to
determine."
Sir, are not these excellent words? Is not
that statement clear and well-sustained? Is
there any Senator here who can answer it?
Is there any Senator here who will set himself
against this colored school committee in stating
the-rights of the colored children? I think
there is no Senator, whatever may be his abil-
ity or experience in debate, wh-o will not fail
when he undertakes to encounter that simple
text. The words will stand unanswered and
unanswerable.
Sir, I bring this testimony now to a close. I
have adduced letters, resolutions, addresses
from various States of the Union, showing the
sentiments of the colored people. I have ad-
duced them in answer to allegations on this
floor that the pending measure of equal rights
was not needed, that the pending measure was
one for social equality. Listening to these
witnesses, you see that they all insist that it is
needed, and that it is in no respect a measure
of social equality. It is a measure of strict
legal right. I adduce this testimony also in
auswer to the allegation so loftily made in
debate the other day that the colored people
were willing to see the former rebels amnes-
tied, trusting to some indefinite future to obtain
there own rights. I said at the time that such
an allegation was irrational. I now show you
that it is repudiated by the colored people.
They do not recognize the Senators who have
undertaken to speak for them as their repre-
sentatives. They insist upon their rights be-
fore you undertake to be generous to rebels.
They insist that they shall be saved from indig-
nity when they travel, when they offer their
child at the common school; that they shall be
secured against any such outrage, before you
undertake to remove the disabilities of those
who struck at the life of this Republic.
Now, sir, will you not be just before you are
generous? Or if you do not place the rights
of the colored people foremost, will you not
at least place them side by side with those of
the former rebels, put them both where 1 seek
now to put them, in the same statute, so that
hereafter the rebels shall know that generosity
to them was associated with justicc to their
colored fellow-citizens; that they all have a
common interestj thattheyare linked together
