1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
pliance with the act of July 2, 1836, trans-
mitting a report of the fines imposed and de-
ductions made from the pay of contractors for
transporting the mails of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1871, for failure
to deliver the mail or for other causes; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
civil rights bill.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
concurrent resolutions of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Louisiana, asking Congress
to adopt the supplementary civil rights bill;
which was referred to the Committee on the
judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
loss op sl00p-0f-war oneida.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to inform this House whether any, and if so
what, proceedings havo been taken by liim to obtain
damages and indemnification for tho destruction
and loss of tho sloop-of-war Oneida, in the bay of
Yeddo, Japan, in January, 1870, and the loss of prop-
erty beloriginR to the officers and men, in pursuanco
of the act of Congress approved March 3,1871, enti-
tled "An act for the recovery of damages for tho loss
of tho sloop-of-war Onoida."
tax on canned fruits, etc.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is a
bill on the Speaker's table, sent back from the
Senate with amendments altering the phrase-
ology of the bill, but not its substance. The
amendments of the Senate have been exam-
ined by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I am instructed to say that the committee
has no objection to them. The bill is House
bill No. 1760, in relation to canned fruits,
preserves, &c.
No objection being made, the bill (II. R.
No. 1760) explanatory of tho internal revenue
act of June 30, 1804, as amended by the act
of July 13, 18(50, in relation to sirups, jellies,
mustards, sauces, and canned and preserved
fruits, vegetables, and meats, enumerated and
taxed in schedule C of said act, and acts amend-
atory theieof, was taken from tho Speaker's
table, with the amendments of the Senate.
The preamble of the bill recites that it was
the intent and meaning of the act of July 11,
1870, to remove the tax from all the articles
named in the following paragraph in sched-
ule 0:
" For and upon evory can, bottle, or othor single
paekago, containing moats, fish, shell-fish, fruits,
vegetables, sauces, sirups, prepared mustards, jama
and jellies, contained therein, and packaged or
sealed, made, prepared, and sold, or offorcd for sale,
or removed lor consumption in tho United States,
on and after the 1st day ot October, 1860, when such
can, bottle, or othor singlo package, with its con-
tents, shall not exceed two pounds in weight, the
sum of one cent. When such can, bott-le, or other
singlo package, with its contents, shall exceed two
pounds in weight, for every additional pound or
fractional pan thereof, ono cent."
The bill therefore enacts that after its pas-
sage so much of schedule C as relates to
sauces, sirups, mustards, jellies, and jams,
and such other articles in the paragraph not
heretofore repealed, be repealed.
The first amendment of the Senate was after
the words " schedule 0," in the second line of
the bill, to strike out the words " aa relates to
sauces, sirups, mustards, jellies, and jams, and
such oilier articles in said paragraph not here-
tofore repealed," and to insert in lieu thereof
the words "of the internal revenue acts as
imposes a tax on any can, bottle, or other single
package containing meats, fish,shell-fish,fruits,
vegeiables, sirups, prepared mustards, jams,
or jellies."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to amend the title
so as to read: '1 An act to repeal the para-
graphs of schedule C of tho internal revenue
acts imposing taxes on canned meats, fish, and
certain other articles."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, moved to re-
consider the votes by which the amendments
of the Senate were agreed to ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
publication of debates of congress.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Printing, authorized to report at any time,
reported back, with amendments, House bill
No. 1460, to provide for reporting and publish-
ing the debates and proceedings of Congress.
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendments.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask that Wednesday of
next week be assigned for the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will my col-
league [Mr. Beatty] indicate some limit of
time ? Can he not limit the consideration of
this bill to the day he has named ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest,
as this bill is now in the hands of a committee
authorized to report at any time, it had better
be held in possession of tho committee until
an opportune moment occurs, because they
would lose rather than gain control of it.by
having it assigned in the House to any par-
ticular day.
Mr. BEATTY. I simply want to give notice
to the House that they will be called upon next
Wednesday, if practicable, to consider the bill.
I will now move that the bill with amendments
be printed, and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
quarantine on southern and gulf coasts.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Commerce,
with a recommendation that the same do pass,
House joint resolution No. 82, providing for
a more effective system of quarantine on the
southern and Gulf coasts.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to detail one or more
medical officers of the regular Army, who
shall, during the coming season, visit each
town or port on the coast of the Gulf of Mex-
ico which is subject or liable to invasions of
yellow fever, and shall confer with the author-
ities of such port or town with reference to
the establishment of a more uniform and
effective system of quarantine, and who shall
ascertain all facts having reference to the out-
breaks of this disease in such ports or towns,
and the proper means to prevent such out-
breaks ; and shall make also a detailed report
on this subject to the Secretary of War, through
the Surgeon General, on or before the assem-
bling of the third session of the Forty-Second
Congress in December, 1872.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I see no
objection to this joint resolution. I wish
merely to remark that I suppose it is for the
purpose of exercising the power to regulate
commerce between the States.
Mr. SHELDON. That is all.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order.
st. croix and lake superior railroad.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, the bill (S. No. 565) to extend the
time to the State of Wisconsin to complete a
road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
The pending question is on the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider the
vote whereby the House on yesterday referred
this bill with instructions to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have a proposition to
make to tho House which has been submitted
to the gentlemen who were most active in op-
position to the bill, and which I think will be
satisfactory. The proposition is that this bill
shall be committed with the right to the com-
mittee to report at any time after Monday
next.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to ask, if the
bill is committed under instructions, what
they are 1
Mr. ELDREDGE. I suppose the bill will
stand committed, precisely as it is now, with
a privilege to the committee to report at any
time after Monday next.
Mr. COX. And with the opportunity to tho
House to amend it when it comes back ?
Mr. STEVENSON. It was my understand-
ing, so far as I was in the confidence of gen-
tlemen in this matter, that the bill was to be
committed with certain instructions.
Mr. HOLMAN.. Certainly. The bill has
gone to the committee with instructions. I
desire to suggest some additional instructions
to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] desires to add the
following instructions to those already passed
upon by the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
The extent of the grant, under this act, shall bo
determined by the Secretary of tho Interior and tho
Attorney General, subject to the approval of the
President of the United States, and shall bo reported
by the Secretary of the_Interior to Congress as soon
as such determination is made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to add the fol-
lowing words to the last provision, which is
already in the instructions:
But no lands shall be construed as granted by this
act to said company, in lieu of which other lands
might be selected by the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company: And provided further, That theNorthcru
Pacific railroad shall not locate its eastern termini
oast of the eastern boundary of the State of Minne-
sota.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not think that that
was understood in the arrangement 1 pro-
posed,
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist on tho
last clause, but I shall ask that the whole of
that section be read except the last clause.
What I propose is an additional section em-
bodying part of the present instructions, and
I send it to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
That the following be an additional section to the
bill:
This bill shall not be construed to enlarge tho
grant uf bind to tho Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or to authorize or permit said company to
select lands elsewhere in lieu of any lands specified
in this act; but no lands shall be construed as
granted by this act to said company, in lieu of whioh
othor lands mieht be selected by the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this
additional instruction?
Mr. HAWLEY. Do I understand correctly
that it is proposed that the commiitee be
instructed to report the bill back with this
additional amendment?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition.
Mr. HAWLEY. is the question still pend-
ing on the instructions to the committee?
Mr. IIOLMAN. This is au additional in-
struction.
Mr. HAWLEY. As I understand, the
House has given certain instructions to the
committee, and it seems to me that this sec-
tion is itself a compliance with the instruc-
tions. What is the use of giving instructions
to the committee, and then instructing the
committee further that they shall report this
identical section ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Hawley.] I think, does not see the
precise position of the matter, or my object in
having the whole section read. The first part
of the section is already upon the instructions.
