1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
in the community of a common citizenship and
in the enjoymentof those great liberties prom-
ised by the Declaration of Independence and
guarantied by the Constitution of the United
States?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I have but very few words to say in reference
to this measure.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest to him that if he would prefer to
sneak to-morrow morning, or at some other
time, I will move to introduce some other
t)usi ness.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is a matter
of indifference to me.
Mr. MORTON. Just as the Senator chooses.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have a few
remarks to make upon this subject. The pro-
visions contained in this amendment are so
important that I do not feel at liberty to pass
them simply with my vote. They are import-
ant, as we have seen by the testimony which
has been adduced, to a large class in the coun-
try who desire the benefit of the law, to many
individuals and corporations affected by the
law.
Common carriers, innkeepers, the princi-
pals of places of amusement, colleges,churches,
and cemetery organizations are interested in it,
and if, as I do not question, we are serious in
entertaining the proposition, as it wanted but
one vote of passing a few days ago, I think it
important that we should carefully scan and
perfect it.
In the passage of this law we are for the
first time invoking the exercise of a new and
delicate power of the General Government,
and I confess to some surprise that Senators
who have voted in favor of the amendment,
and who are in the habit of being critical, have
not given us the benefit of their criticism.
Permit me, too, to express surprise that the
mover of the amendment has not preferred to
submit it to a majority, rather than, as it must
now be, to a vote of two thirds of the Senate.
There is, I admit, a poetic beauty in the idea,
or at least in the expression, of being just
before we are generous, and of promoting rec-
onciliation before conciliation, but those who
seek to be profited by the enactment would,
I think, prefer that it should become a law by
the vote of a majority, rather than fail to be-
come such by a two-thirds vote, which, as the
question is now presented, is made necessary
to its passage.
I desire to submit, in the hearing of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, a few suggestions, in
reference to the amendment which he has
offered to the pending bill. The first section
of his amendment, in its last clause, contains
the directory part of the Jaw, and provides that
"this right shall not be denied or abridged on
any pretense of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude." That is all well, but the
previous part of the section, the declaratory
part, states a proposition which cannot com-
mend itself to the judgment of any Senator,
and which none can desire to enact. The sec-
tion reads:
That all citizens of the United States, without
distinction of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, are entitled to the equal and impar-
tial enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by common carriers,
whether on land or water, by innkeepers, ka.
In other words, it declares that all citizens,
white or black, are entitled to the equal and
impartial enjoyment of these privileges of
common carriers, inns, schools, churches, &c.
Mr. President, that is not true..and neither
we nor the Senator from Massachusetts desire
to make it true. No one desires that all, white
or black, shall be entitled to the equal accom-
modation furnished by common carriers, inns,
schools, &c. No one seriously proposes that
we should render it illegal for a railroad com-
pany to provide a class of cars for ladies and
gentlemen, or for an innkeeper to exclude
persons having contagious disease, or who are
intoxicated, or indecently clad. We do not
desire the passage of a law that shall make
it obligatory upon the trustees of cemeteries,
established especially for asylums or hospitals,
to admit to burial every one for whom a license
may be sought. Such is not the object of this
law or the purpose of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and yet that is the effect of the
provision, that all citizens are entitled to these
privileges.
I suggest that we strike out the words,
"that all citizens of the United States, with-
out distinction of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, are entitled," &c., and
substitute the words, "that race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, shall not debar
or deprive any citizen of the United States
of the equal and impartial enjoyment of any
accommodation, advantage, facility, or privi-
lege furnished by common carriers." &c. That
will not have the effect of asserting the unrea-
sonable proposition that all citizens have the
equal right to enjoy the facilities of cars, inns,
schools, churches, &c., whether intoxicated or
afflicted by contageous disease, whether inde-
cently clad, or whether violating the customs
and proprieties appertaining to the sexes ; but
it will have the effect of enacting that there
shall be no discrimination on account of color,
and that is all that the Senator seeks to obtain.
Mr. SUMNER. I listen with great respect
to the Senator, of course. I can only say that
Icannotsee myself the difference between the
text of the bill and his amendment. The bill
says "that all citizens of the United States,
without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, are entitled to the equal
and impartial enjoyment of'any accommoda-
tions," &c.; that is, that there shall benodis-
tinction of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude in the enjoyment of any accom-
modation; and then it adds that "this right
shall not be denied or abridged on any pre-
tense of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Theamendment
as it stands declares that all citizens, white or
black, are entitled to equal accommodations
and facilities in all these institutions named.
No one thinks that true, or desires that it shall
be. What we seek is, that race, Color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, shall not deprive
or debar any person from these privileges—
a very different proposition. Let us say so.
That will produce the equality which the Sen-
ator seeks.
The second section of the amendment con-
tains the sanction of the law, and imposes
penalties for any violation of the law as stated
in the first section; that is, if any common
carrier, innkeeper, &c., refuses the fuil use
of cars, inns, schools, churches, &c., to any
citizen whatever, he shall be subjected to the
penalties stated. The Senator does not seek
any such unreasonable end. Theamendment
proposed simply destroys discrimination be-
tween citizens of different races.
Mr. SUMNER. My object, as the Senator
knows, both from what I have said in the Sen-
ate and in private conversation, is simply to
get this measure in the best shape possible,
and I shall certainly be very glad to accept,
any proposition from the Senator or from any
other Senator with regard to it, and if the
Senator will allow me I will consider carefully
the amendment that he proposes. I do not
feel quite as strongly as he does the difference
between his language and that of the text; but
still I am very anxious to harmonize with the
Senator.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desired to sub-
mit the amendment I have stated and one or
two others to the Senator from Massachusetts,
that his amendment may be perfected. After
it shall have been thus amended there will
still be objection to it. There is in almost
every town in the land a church where the real
estate has been purchased and the building
erected from the hard earnings of colored peo-
ple, the congregation being composed entirely
of colored people, and the church their prop-
erty. We do not seek to pass a law that shall
divest them of such churches. The white pop-
ulation are the more numerous, and possibly
grasping; the property has appreciated in
value; there is no propriety in enabling the
white citizens, by giving them the same privi-
leges in these churches that the colored people
possess, to wrest this property from the colored
people. There are churches of that kind in
this city, in the city in which I reside, and
throughout the Union. This is also true of
schools and of colleges. I would avoid this
effect of the law by adding as an amendment
at the end of the first section, as follows :
Provided, That churches, schools, cemeteries, and
institutions of learning established exclusively ft>r
either the white or the colored race, shall not be
taken from the control of those who established
them, but shall remain devoted to their use.
Yon cannot make the amendment I propose
extend only to the colored ppople without
falling into the absurdity of discriminating
against whites while attempting to abolish the
distinction of races. Therefore, let the law be
that churches, schools, cemeteries, &c., estab-
lished exclusively for either of the races, shall
not be taken from their control, but remain
devoted to their use. That provision modifies
to some degree the law, but it does not affect
the main subjects of the law, to wit. common
carriers, innkeepers, schools, &c., but does
perpetuate to the colored people their own
institutions.
The second section provides:
That any person violating the foregoing pro-
vision, or aiding in its violation, or inciting thereto,
shall, for every such offenso. forfeit and pay thesum
of S500 to the person aggrieved thereby.
If a whole congregation or all the passen-
gers of a steamboat or car violate some of the
provisions of the foregoing section every one
So aiding in or inciting to such violation should
not be liable to and the party aggrieved be
entitled to recover from each one a penalty of
$500. And in case the offense complained of
be a refusal of burial, who is to recover the
penalty? The deceased is not aggrieved, and
cannot bring suit if he is. I suggest after the
word "grave," eleventh line of the second
section, this amendment:
Provided, That the party aggrieved shall not
recover more than ono penalty; and where the
offense is a refusal of burial, the penalty aforesaid
may be recovered by the heirs-at-law of the person
to whose body burial has been so refused.
There is still another amendment to this
second section, and that is to strike out all the
residue of the section, which is in these words :
And any corporation, association, or individual,
holding a charter or license undfr national or Stuto
authority violating the aforesaid provisions, shall,
on conviction thereof, forfeit such charter or license.
I understand that the Federal Government,
excepting for a national purpose, cannot grant
a charter, cannot incorporate a bank or rail-
road company for a State, that being beyond
the jurisdiction of Conaress; and so unques-
tionably it is bevond the power .of Federal
jurisdiction to forfeit a State charter. Besides,
the penalty suggested is unreasonable. Were
I ejected from the cars of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, there would be no
propriety in mulcting them in damages to
the amount of $20,000,000. 1 suppose that
the franchises of that company, which the
bill would under such circumstances forfeit,
are worth that. The penalties imposed in the
previous part of the section. froOO by per-
sonal suit and S500 on indictment for mis-
demeanor, are sufficient for the ollense com-
mitted. And further, the stockholders of the
company offending might be favorable to the
spirit of the bill he would promote; they
might be the very colored people whom we seek
to protect and who had been guiity of no
offense, and yet the forfeiture oi the charter
would destroy their property and reader them
