1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2227
Now, sir, these broad and equitable prin-
ciples of action toward these disaffected com-
munities have, time and again, been indorsed
by the American people after the fullest and
most scrutinizing examination and discussion
on both sides. They are founded in justice
and right, and were dictated by the wispst
statesmanship and by every sentiment that
appeals to just and honorable men dealing for
themselves and posterity with high questions
of State, t need not dwell upon the fact that
those reconstruction measures finally adopted
by Congress, by which all the States have been
admitted to their equal places in the Union
and clothed again with the same rights and
franchises with the States that remained loyal
to the General Government, have received the
sanction of the highest judicial authority, and
the still higher sanction of the people, as ex-
pressed from time to time at the ballot-box.
These sanctions ought to put the wisdom of
these measures forever beyond controversy,
and close out the complaints of the ever-com-
plaining Democracy.
But, sir, I am aware of the fact that the
Democratic party has constantly labored to
make these people in the reconstructed States
discontented wiih every plan devised by the
proper tribunals for their government, and for
the restoration of peace and order among
them. I know nothing that would have pleased
the Democracy, except it might have been that
which would have been most agreeable to the
most extreme among the former rebels. They
have persistently represented the people of the
South as oppressed, robbed, taxed to death,
and otherwise outraged under these newly
organized governments. They have charged
every species of vilenessupon southern Union-
ists, whom they have denominated scalawags,
and upon Republicans going South and making
their homes within those States. These ear-
pet-baggers, as they have seen fit to call them,
in their estimation are the very worst of men.
But who ever found a Democrat complaining
ofthose who emigrated South and, harmonizing
with the rebel element, obtained office through
their aid and influence? They are no mean
carpet-baggers; they are gentlemen! Who
ever heard of a Democrat vexing his righteous
soul over the outrages of the Ku Klux Klan,
or the members of the invisible empire of the
South ? On the contrary, if they have not de-
fended them outright, they have become their
apologists.
But, sir, it is not my purpose to defend any-
thing that has been done by carpet baggers of
the South. Some of them doubtless have as
well deserved the halter as the old rebels, who
themselves originated the necessity ot recon-
struction measures ; and as none of these were
hung, I reckon that the Democracy might pos-
sibly forego the pleasure of hanging carpet-
baggers. These men going South had a rare
opportunity of making themselves useful, and
of endearing themselves not only to the peo-
ple among whom they had recently cast their
fortunes, but to all the people of this country.
Had they been honest and unselfish, they
might have been of incalculable advantage in
their new homesj but, unfortunately, some of
them were hungry adventurers, and utterly
devoid of principle, honor, or integrity, and
embraced every opportunity growing out of
the sickly and disordered state of things in
the South to further their own selfish pur-
poses. They got into power, as other men
have done elsewhere belore, and abused that
power. Of course, they were an incubus upon
the South, as such men are in any commun-
ity. They were ready to combine with any
party or clan in schemes of self-promotion.
There are, however, honoiable exceptions
among them. But these acts of fraud and
corruption were never indorsed by the Re-
publican party, nor were they the natural
outgrowth from the reconstruction measures,
no more than the immeasurable frauds by the
Tammany Democracy in New York. Nor is
the violence and discontent in the South
chargeable to a failure on the part of the re-
constructed governments. They were based
upon correct principle, and they have not
been a failure; nor have they been the instru-
ments of oppression, nor bound upon the
people the enormous burdens charged by the
Democracy.
Let us see how the matter stands in refer-
ence to taxation. The total amount of State,
county, and town tax levied on the property
of the eleven reconstructed States in 1860
was $16,033,021. . In 1870 the amount levied
for the same purposes, in the same States,
was $32,227,539. This increase in the way
of taxation is incident to the increased ex-
penses connected with the establishment of
free government in which nearly four millions
of additional people participate, and increased
attention to public interests, such as the im-
provement of cities, towns, streets, and the
establishment of schools, and other inter-
ests looking to the elevation of all the people,
in a great measure ignored under the old
regime, when men of property exclusively con-
trolled the government, and would not allow
themselves to be taxed for such purposes.
Thousands of school-houses have been built,
and 869,567 children have been provided with
facilities for education at a cost of not less
than $5,000,000 per annum.
But let us see how taxation in these recon-
structed States compares with that of other
States. The whole amount assessed in these
eleven States for 1870, we have said, is $32,-
227.539. in Illinois alone the amount assessed
for the same purposes in the same year is
$21,825,008; in Ohio, $23,536,548; in Massa-
chusetts, $24,922,900 ; in NewYork. $48,550,-
308. and in Pennsylvania, $24,531,397. We
find further that these eleven States in 1870
paid on an average on property assessed fifteen
and seven tenths mills to the dollar ; while the
State of Illinois paid at the rate of forty-five
mills to the dollar. Again, these same States,
with State governments, courts, departments,
&c., to support, and representing a popula-
tion of nine million five hundred thousand,
paid in 1870, as State tax simply, $1 35 per
capita, while the State of New York paid for
the same purpose two dollars per capita;
Massachusetts, $5 08; aud Ohio about the
same.
The total taxation in these same eleven
States for 1870 was $3 40 per capita, while in
the State of New York it was $11 71, and this
State government was then under the control
and management of the pure Democracy;
and yet with what unblushing effrontery do
they complain of the oppressions which they
allege to exist in the South on account ot tax-
ation. Again, the reconstructed rebels bit-
terly complain of excessive burdens imposed
upon them for school purposes. They have
no great sympathy with the business of edu-
cating the masses, and never had. The Dein
ocraiic leaders, true to their old instincts aud
habits, take up this mournful refrain also, and
complain that this likewise is another act of
oppression. Let us see how much it amounts to.
The taxes raised in all these States in 1870
for school purposes, with a population of nine
aud a half millions, and with 3,220,449 of suit-
able age to attend school, was $5,716,338.
For the same year Ohio, with a population of
a little over two and a half millions, was taxed
for school purposes $8,495,145 ; and Illinois,
with about the same population, $5,857,499.
There was for the same period raised in all
the States for the same purpose, exclusive of
these eleven States, $55,432,961, $23,000,000
more than was levied in all the reconstructed
States for every purpose whatsoever. Again,
I find that the average per cent, of taxation
in seven of the .northern States, namely, Illi-
nois, Iowa, Michigan. Missouri, Indiana, Penn-
sylvania, and Massachusetts, was in 1870,02,15,
while the average per cent, for the same period
in all the eleven southern States was but 01.57.
So much, then, for onerous and oppressive
taxation imposed upon the Slates lately in
rebellion. There is absolutely no reasonable
ground for complaint in this direction, though
it is admitted that a more faithful administra-
tion of affairs was desirable. But once more:
it must be remembered that when the war
closed, these people were utterly exhausted
as to means. Their new departure was really
from a state of almost tot&L and universal
bankruptcy. In many ways which we cannot
here stop to enumerate, they received help
from the Government, whose sincere desire
was to build them Tip as speedily as possible.
And now let us see if there has been any
growth and prosperity among them. The
population in all those States has experienced
not a rapid, but a fair increase, which might
and would, however, have been much greater
had not their old prejudices and feeling of
intolerance discouraged immigration. Their
naiional bank capital was, in 1870, $17,468,835;
United States bonds, $15,994,300; and t.heir
circulation, $15,413,910. They have added to
their railroad system four thousand and three
miles, and increased their investments in that
line $172,473,583. Their increase of live stock,
was as follows, in 1870: horses, 583,758; mules,
177,022; hogs, 84.727; and cattle, 1,751,410.
The value of their farm products, with the
cotton crop since 1866, and up to and includ-
ing 1871, is estimated at the respectable sum
of $4,288,116,825.
The assessed valuation of property in 1860,
exclusive of slaves, was $2,728,825,006. The
assessed valuation in 1870 was $2,141,834,788.
Their true value, as shown by the late census
returns, is $2,735,545,451. I might go on to
greater length, if I had time, and present stili
other evidences of the rapidity with which those
reconstructed States have recuperated. For
these statistics I am indebted to the late cen-
sus reports, and to the reportof the joint com-
mittee appointed at the first session of this
Congress to inquire into the condition ol
affairs in the insurrectionary States; and I
think they show most clearly that there is
much reason for declaring that the financial
condition ofthose States and their misgovern-
ment is no excuse for the discontent, proscrip-
tion, and violence that have in some localities
prevailed; that if, with such rights and privi-
leges as are now secured to ail the people,
they but pursue the proper aims of life, regard
law and order, respect and defend each other's
rights, and struggle to promote each other's
interests for the common good, as I believe
a very large majority ot them propose to
do, they will find that no statutes or laws
passed by the General Government, shall in
any wise be found retarding their progress or
restricting them in the exercise of any legiti-
mate right; and it seems tliat the civilized
world must confess that never before have a
people who had engaged in such a causeless
rebellion, and persisted in their purpose to
overthrow their own Government till every
resource was exhausted, received such gentle
and liberal treatment at the hands of their
conquerors. None of them have suffered the
extreme penalties due to their crimes; all are
restored to all the rights of American citizens,
except the very few who are restricted from
holding office under the provisions of the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution, and these remaining dis-
abilities, this House, the Executive, and the
people have long since been willing to remove.
It is hoped that all resistance to this last act
of magnanimity will soon disappear at the
other end of the Capitol.
There is another feature connected with our
late political history to which 1 desire briefly
to call attention, and then 1 shall conclude by
remarking somewhtit on tbe character ot the
present Administration. I refer to our finan-
cial scheme inaugurated dur.ing the war to
meet pressing necessities and continued vvith
but little modification to the present time.
