2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Whether it was the best that could have been
desired or not, it has certainly been one of mar-
velous success. Our career in this regard has
excited the admiration of other countries as
unequaled in successful operation. As to
its particular merits I do not here propose to
speak, as I cannot for want of time. Our
greenbacks were from the beginning popular
and readily received as money by all who
sympathized with the struggle in which we
were engaged. They were simply certificates
of indebtedness, promises to pay, based upon
the credit of the nation. If the life of the
nation were saved they were good. He who
had no faith in the success of the national
arms, had no use for them. Hence, Demo-
crats reviled them as worthless rags. They
rose or declined in value in proportion as the
hope of the nation stood still or advanced.
But as they were in the nature of forced loans,
and paid no interest to the holder, it was
thought best to limit the extent of their issue,
and provide other means by which additional
circulation might be secured commensurate
with the demands of business.
Hence, national banks were established, the
redemption of whose notes were secured by a
deposit of national bonds, themselves based
upon the credit of the nation, with such a lib-
eral margin in favor of the holder as to re-
move from him as far as possible the prob-
ability of loss; all deriving their life and
their effectiveness to perform the functions of
money from the probabilities that the nation
would be able to preserve its own life and then
in the future prove true to its pledges and as
speedily as possible meet all its obligations.
Of course, as our successes waned, our green-
backs, our bonds, our national bank notes, and
all our forms of credit declined; and as the
war progressed in fierceness and increased in
magnitude, till we were supporting an army
of almost unexampled proportions, and cre-
ating expenditures and contracting debts more
stupendous than had ever been known before
among modern nations, as a natural and inev-
itable result gold went up and our paper went
down, and even the final and complete suc-
cess of our arms was not sufficient to inspire
confidence at once. The party that saved the
country, however, was resolved to hold it to its
obligations and assure the financial woild that
every dollar of its outstanding liabilities should
in time be met.
And now the Opposition were exalting over
the belief that we had got so far away from
a solid specie basis that we could never return
without a most disastrous financial crash, that
we could never so manage the huge debt, and
so reduce expenditures and taxes as to secure
the approval of the business public and retain
power. Financial ruin was predicted, which
would carry with it the party responsible for the
administration of affairs. Bat they were doomed
to be disappointed in this, as in all their former
predictions. False prophets were they, and
they delivered uncertain auguries during allour
serious troubles. The party in power had
faith in the recuperative energies of our mighty
people. It never faltered for a moment in its
purpose to be true to the nation's honor, and
hence the national credit continued gradually
to improve; public confidence was secured;
no financial crash came upon the country.
Every form of our national indebtedness went
up, and gold went down, until at length we
have come so near to a specie basis, and are
so well satisfied with our circulation and me-
diums of exchange, that the subject has almost'
ceased to be one of controversy, and our Demo-
cratic neighbors are acceptingthe situation in
this regard as they are in reference to the
recent articles of amendment, to the Constitu-
tion, after, however, having pretty well worn
themselves out in fighting both.
Such a brilliant page of history, associated
with a long and extraordinary intestine war
and such unexampled expenditures, has per-
haps never been written in connection with
the financial affairs of any other country. Such
a strain upon the vital forces of a nation has,
almost without exception, disorganized busi-
ness, and produced the most fearful financial
revulsions.
1 shall now devote myself for a few moments
to an examination of some of the doings of the
present Administration. I have already indi-
cated my opinion in reference to its soundness
and reliability. I must be excused if I say
that I believe that for pure love of country
nobody has attacked it. I believe it has, for
its faithfulness and its efficiency, commended
itself to the favorable judgment of a majority
of the intelligent, reflecting, and candid peo-
ple of this country. No Administration in the
past has, however, been more fiercely attacked,
and the acts of no previous one have been more
rigidly examined into and scrutinized. And,
sir, up to this time, whatever its enemies may
say to the contrary, it has come out of these
investigations like gold tried in the fire. And
as an American citizen, and a member of the
Republican party, I am honestly proud of the
record which this Administration has made,
both at home and abroad.
As I have said before, I do not claim that it
has been wholly free from mistakes. This we
had no reason to look for, and perfect success
in everything we shall never witness in con-
nection with any Administration. But, sir,
there have not up to this day, amid all the noise
and furor raised by the disaffected, been eli-
cited the slightest evidences against the purity
of its motives or its sincere desire to sustain
the credit and honor of the country and to so
serve the Government as to secure the peace
and contentment of all the people and the
success of all the business interests of the
country.
It is silly and contemptible for men to be
intimating that we have not a great states-
man at the head of affairs. The present Chief
Magistrate has never himself made any spe-
cial pretensions in that direction. He was
as well known, as to his capacities in this re-
gard, when he was first put in nomination by
the undivided voice of the party he represents,
as he is now. He did not seek the place, the
place sought him. He was believed to be
honest and patriotic, and endowed eminently
with the best of all qualities fitting him for a
place of high public trust, the qualities of
integrity, sincerity, and common sense. And
he has not disappointed the expectations of
the people. They have no great hankering after
that indefinable something called brilliant
statesmanship. They know that in this and in all
other civilized countries those who have been
so distinguished have had their crotchets, and
have generally hatched up the impractical
schemes and political heresies which have
given trouble and have made often the most
deplorable failures. The people of this coun-
try have great respect for honest, transparent
character, and plain common sense, and are
not themselves distressed that they have a
Chief Magistrate who claims only to be a
plain, common-sense citizen of the Common-
wealth over which he presides. For after
all they discover that he understands him-
self and the interests and wants of the coun-
try at least as well as his maligners, and the
assurance is begotten that the interests of
the people are safe in his hands. I think
it can be said, further, that he has surrounded
himself with ministers of State who, if they
do not surpass all others in the qualities of
high statesmen, are at least men of fair and
respectable attainments, and, what is better,
men of incorruptible integrity, democratic in
all their feelings, and jealous of the liberties
of the people.
Amid ali the noise and smoke raised by
the ememies of the Administration, I have not
heard that there have come from respectable
sources any serious complaints in reference to j
the fidelity of these men.- There has never been j
a time in the history of this Government when |
the heads of Departments and bureaus have
been more distinguished for their faithfulness
in the management of the trusts reposed in
them, or more conspicuous for their public
virtue. There was never a time when, in pro-
portion to the vast multitude now necessary
to transact the public business, there were
fewer defalcations or fewer frauds committed
upon the Government; and no man can show
that an assumption contrary to this can be
maintained. That frauds have occurred, that
trusts have been betrayed, that scoundrels have
worked their way into office, that the appoint-
ing powers have sometimes misjudged and been
deceived, no one pretends to deny. But when
was it otherwise? Never; and it never will
be while men are human. But that any one
has been advanced to places of public trust
because he was a bad man, or by reason of any
indifference to public virtue or the public in-
terests, I deny. But nevertheless, enemies are
swift ever to complain and magnify errors and
mistakesinto the most flagrant political crimes.
But now let us see what this Administration
has done since it came into power.
First, it has, iu a general way, so borne
itself that the people have, in peace and con-
scious security, pursued their varied avoca-
tions and prospered. It has grappled with
eminent success the great questions of State
in such a manner as to secure respect and con-
fidence both at home and abroad. We never,
as a nation, stood fairer in our foreign rela-
tions, and while we have sought no advan-
tages' over others, we have not permitted any
to be gained over us. And in our treaty stip-
ulations and other negotiations, we have pre-
served our dignity, and held a high and hon-
orable position in the esteem and confidence
of all nations. We have not only preserved,
but so advanced the credit of the nation as to
enable us to secure, upon advantageous terms,
to the extent prescribed by law, an important
loan at a reduced rate of interest, the persist-
ent and ignorant complaints of tampering
with the syndicate to the contrary notwith-
standing.
I believe, sir, that everywhere there is
among the people a desire to see our national
debt reduced as rapidly as it can be done
without too greatly burdening the industries
of the country by taxation ; hence, the policy
of the Secretary of the Treasury has, in this
regard, met with general sentiments of ap-
proval. "Now let us see how this matter has
been managed under the present Administra-
tion. Since March 4, 1869, up to the 1st day
of the present month, April 1, 1872, a period
of three years and a few days, we have paid
$315,131,730 of the national debt, and m
doing this we have saved an annual expendi-
ture of $19,132,933 in the way of interest.
This is a splendid result, and ihe mean while
the people have been prosperous and happy,
and never, during any period of our history,
has wealth accumulated more rapidly.
On the^ 1st day of April, 1872, the public
debt was in the shape here indicated:
Debt bearing interest in coin:
Bonds at six per cent §1,404,308,550
Bonds at five per cent  415,567,3110
Debt bearing interest in lawful money:
Certificates of indebtedness at four per
®ent  078,000
Navy pension fund at three percent.. If,000,(WO
Certificates at three per cent  15,520,000
Debt on which interest has ceased since
maturity  26,684,052
Debt bearing no interest:
Old demand and legal-tender notes... 359 590 90S
iractional currency  42 283 309
Coin certificates  alassi-kiU
Interest due and unpaid  35,957,230
Total debt, April 1,1872   2,313,96'! 137
Cash m the Treasury  130,031,910
Debt, less cash in the Treasury $2,213,331,527
Amoun t of debt paid during last month, $15,481,9(&
Now, let us see to what extent the taxes upon
the people have been reduced within the last
five years of Republican rule, and affecting the
