4020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
lutely on the increase. There is great room
for improvement still. I would not. so far as
lam concerned, discourage any honest move-
ment looking toward further improvement,
l am not disposed to treat this measure with
levity. There may be some difficulty about
the constitutional power of Congress to pa>s
such a measure in any other light than as a
measure for the collection of statistics. But
■what good will result from it will depend alto-
gether on the spirit in which it is carried out.
I regretted awhile, ago to hear the Senator
from South Carolina encourage the idea that
this commission was to be selected from the
ranks of his own party. The Senate by its
vote has refused to strike out the proviso
which forbids that, and to that extent the Sen-
ate has expressed its dissent from the view of
the Senator from South Carolina. I confess
that announcement by that Senator was well
calculated to dampen any hopes 1 might have
entertained, feeling so strong an interest as I
do in the subject, with regard to the results of
this commission.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not intend to say
that the commissioners were to be selected
from our own party. I meant to say that I
believed as good men could be selected liiour
party as any other, and that it was not neces-
sary for the President to go out of the Repub-
lican party to find men fit to fill this place.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is just one way of
saying the same thing. We all know what
that means, and the Senator has now confessed
that I was in the right.
Mr. President, I trust that if any measure
of this kind passes the Senate, it will be such
a measure as to be capable of ail the good
that can be expected from it. For one, 1 feel
too much interest in the. general subject of
American labor to be willing either to cast
ridicule or discouragement in advance upon
any movement, however mistaken I may deem
it in regard to the constitutional power of
Congress, which looks in a direction of so
much importance and of so much real eleva-
tion.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret that there is
not time to discuss this subject. It is one of
great magnitude. Scarcely, perhaps, has there
been one presented to the Congress of the
United States at this sitting greater than the
present; yet how is it reeeivt-d here? It is
attempted to be laughed out of court, and well
was it done, too. The effort was a very fine
one. My distinguished friend from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye.] as lie is always capable of talking,
took a nigh cut in the first instance. It was
very well done ; well received ; the perform
ance was a happy one ; and, by the way, it be-
came epidemic ; in came A, B, and C into the
happy, free discussion, and before it closed
my distinguished friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] whom 1 always love to hear speak,
was rather halting between two opinions.
When he addressed the Senate he wished to
treat it kindly, and said really that he did not
see that it should be thus disposed of; that
it was rather a grave question. He kindly
intimated that, but in an instant he turned
around and slabbed it to the heart. He was
candid, but he wished to do it kindly ; he did
not wish to turn the dagger after plunging it in.
Merciful I
But, Mr. President, when you come to look
at the facts here what are they? Is there any
more potent question ? It is a great one. 1
wish I had time to discuss it,, and especially
the ideas advanced by my friend, the car-
penter of the Senate. [Laughter.] In a gen-
eral way he erects very fine edifices and uses
veiy fine mateiials. Upon this occasion I
think they were rather dull ; they were not in
(he proper condition ; he did not make a very
good job. ns I conceive. We have precedents
here: and my friend has voted for them at
this session. Tt has been but a few days since
a commission was appointed to go down and
examine and report as to the acts and doings
of the Mexicans upon the Texas border, a
very proper effort on the part of the Govern-
ment to ascertain its true interests. If there
was a proposition made here with a remote
probability of affecting iron, that would take
the whole North almost; my friends from
Pennsylvania and my friend from Illinois, too,
would wish to hunt that iron, particularly if
you would associate with it the idea of a silver
or a gold mine. Then fifteen or twenty thou
sand dollars would be no consideration. Now,
I ask seriously the Senate to reflect a moment
and compare the great objects contemplated
in this bill with iron, steel, gold, if you please,
or anything that is sacred to the American
people.
Take the item of education. Education js
far superior to anything that you can possibly
conceive of, and yet it is said that an examin-
ation is not, to be had upon that matter. Now,
I suggest this, and I do not fear contradiction
on it: if the United States undertake to go
peddling and vending books, what can we ask
better than to send out this commission, let it
make its solemn report, and an intelligent
one, and it would be that as every Senator
here knows, because idiots would not be se-
lected; mennon compotes would not be chosen;
there would be intelligence brought to bear,
and they would make such a report as the
American nation might be proud of; and if I
had it I would he well braced up for a great
fortune if it was placed in my hands individu-
ally to take to Europe and distribute it there
to the untold millions who are looking to see
what tbe prosperity of this great nation is.
The great subjects contemplated here are
education, labor, sanitary condition and all
those things appertaining to it. Why, sir, it
is a grand question; and if you rub it, the
longer you lub it the brighter it shines, and
it is one that should uotbe talked outof court.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's time has expired. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON, I propose now to strike out
II one year" and insert, "two years," and 1
wish to say a word in reply to the question put to
me by the Senatoi from Illinois, [Mr. Losax.]
I say to hiin, in the first p ace, that I am seri-
ous in this matter. 1 believe on my conscience
that this is a good and wise measure, that it,
will be of infinite value to this country if
adopted and good men are appointed, and an
honest and intelligent investigation had and
report made.
1 see nothing that is to be gamed in any
quarter, here or elsewhere, in throwing out
the idea that there is anything about this mat-
ter that is trifling, or anything, as suggested by
the Senator from Georgia, of a demagogical
character. I was sorry to hear that expression
made. I will say to that Senator that whoever
in this country—and it is true in all the re-
forms of the years that bave passed—under-
takes to examine, to advocate, to maintain
investigation, to elicit, truth, to ascertain what
the truth is, to advocate the rights and the in-
terests of the masses of mankind, has nothing
to gain by it except imputations upon his sin
cerity or denunciation of his efforts.
There is a great deal said in this country of
a wild nature, a great deal said in the public
press, in public meetings, that is not, well
advised. There is an agitation abroad con-
cerning these questions; and now what the
country wants is the truth, the whole tiuth, a
thorough examination—an examination into
all the statistics already gathered, and into all
matters pertaining to the questions before ns;
and if it be adopted 1 believe we shall have a
volume that will be authority in this Chamber ;
it will be laid before the counliy and the
world by the press ; it will disclose a stale of
affairs in our country, with all the evils that
we have in our land, superior to any other
part of the world ; it will tend to draw to our
land the toiling millions of western Europe.
I believe it will be of great value to the coun-
try and that it will cost but little ; but I agree
with the Senator from California that all of it
depends upon having good men appointed on
this commission.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no doubt that
the Senator from Massachusetts is deeply con-
vinced of the importance of this inquiry, that
he is sincere, earnestly anxious to promote
the interests of every part of our population,
and that he desires and hopes that by this
investigation we shall ascertain certain truths.
My difficulty with it is that you cannot ascer-
tain truth by this investigation. I will simply
refer to this single inquiry which they are to
make " in reference to the division of the joint
profits of labor and capital between the laborer
and the capitalist." 1 would like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
or of any friend of this measure, who the man
is that can go to any business man, A. T.
Stewart for instance, and make inquiry of him
and ascertain the truth in reference to the rela-
tions which his employes and he sustain, or
the truth in reference to their participation in
the profits of the business ? I want to know
what wise and judicious business man would
reveal his business to any one except there
was a power to compel him 1
There are two reasons for it. The man who
is prosperous and successful in business knows
enough to conceal the very source of his pios-
perity, and he will conceal it. The man who
is not doing a successful business knows that
it is impottant for him to maintaingood credit,
aid he cannot secure it if he shall reveal his
true condition. These are reasons why your
commission can never ascertain the truth when
they make these inquiries.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question further; but 1 want to say a word
to my friend from Massachusetts. He rose
for the purpose of answering a question that
I put to him. The question was this : if his
desire was to acquire statistical information,
why not refer this matter to the Bureau of Sta-
tistics of this Government, where the inform-
ation can be acquired? Although he talked
five minutes in reply, he never touched the
question ihat I asked him, and did not pretend
to answer it. Now, I repeat the question: if
there is earnestness in this matter, we have a
bureau already organized for the puipose of
obtaining this information, and all you have
got to do is to give them the power to send for
persons and papers. If this is not a measure
torthe purpose of demagoging before the coun
try, why not take the nearest road to truth?
i know that men who oppose measures like
this, and honestly do it, never get any credit;
and we do not expect any ; but men who advo-
cate a measure like this, that there is no necessity
whateverfor, when you have the powerand the
authority at hand to procure the information—■
for it must be given to some outsiders lor the
purpose—they are the ones who are always
eulogized as great statesmen by the men affected
by it. I can always tell in the Senate Chamber
when a question is a great questiou before the
country. We have a few statesmen here, and
it is only necessary for them to say "it is a
great question." and il. becomes a great ques-
tion. We cannot oppose it, and the older it
grows the greater it is; aud that is statesman-
ship 1
Now, let me put this question—it was an-
swered, and properly and pertinently answered
by the Senator from Connecticut—how will
you get your information ; how are you going
to procure it? What power or authority is
there in this bill that will produce one particle
of testimony except that which is voluntary?
And that which is voluntary jou can get with-
out your commission and without expending
anything. There is no difficulty about that.
