1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1333
ing the period of his first enlistment, but had
continued in service until the muster-out of
his regiment.
Mr. COBURN. This is a case, I will state,
in which a soldier of a Kansas regiment of
cavalry enlisted in 1861, and served until
March, 1865, more than four years. He was
severely wounded in September 1862, but re-
covered and reenlisted, and continued in the
veteran service until he *a# discharged on
account of disabilities caused by his wounds.
The Second Auditor of the Treasury refused to
pay him on the ground that he was discharged
for wounds incurred before he became a vet-
eran. This is a case of very great hardship.
This soldier continued almost four years in the
veteran service, notwithstanding his wounds.
The committee have reported in favor of pay-
ing him the balance, amounting to something
over one hundred and seventy dollars.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEPHEN II. BOGARDUS.
Mr. COBURN. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report
adversely on the .memorial of Stephen H.
Bogardus, in relation to his muster out of
the military service.
This is the case of a lieutenant who was
mustered out as a supernumerary under the
law of 1867. He complains that he never had
a board of officers to investigate the charges
made against him, but was mustered out by
the Bimple order of the Secretary of War.
The law gives that authority to the Secretary,
and the committee therefore report against
the memorial. I move that the committee be
discharged from its farther consideration, and
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
J. W. HOLLIDAY.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1774) for the
relief of J. W. Holliday; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General of the Army to pay to J. W. Holliday,
late of company B, eighth regiment of Iowa
cavalry, the pay and allowances of a second
lieutenant of cavalry, from the 22d day of
February, 1864, to the day of his muster out
of the service, deducting whatever pay he re-
ceived as an enlisted man during the same
period; and it provides that such payment shall
be made out of any money appropriated for the
pay of the Army.
Mr. COBURN. I ask that the report in
this case be read.
The report was read. It stated that J. W.
Holliday applies for pay as second lieutenant
from the 22d of February, 1865, to August,
1865, when he was mustered out of service.
He received his commission on the 22d of
February, and could not be mustered because
the second lieutenant who had received his
commission as first lieutenant would not be
mustered, and so prevented a vacancy occur-
ring. He was put on duty as a second lieuten-
ant on the receipt of his commission, and was
continued to the end of his service, much of
the time in command of his company. He
earned and deserves the pay of a second lieu-
tenant. He was prevented from being mus-
tered by the stubbornness of his superior officer;
but his authority does not extend to Congress,
and cannot prevent Congress from doing an
act of justice. The committee, therefore, rec-
ommend the passage of the bill directing that
the applicant be paid as a second lieutenant
for the time he served as such.
Mr. MOORE. I would like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs what was the date of the commission
and muster?
_ Mr. COBURN. The officer was commis-
sioned but never mustered into the service.
The reason why he was not mustered was that
a superior officer, who was second lieutenant
and was promoted to the first lieutenantcy, got
mad at him because the soldiers of the com-
pany held an informal election and elected this
man, who was then a sergeant, captain over the
head of the lieutenant. He then declared that
this man should never be mustered as second
lieutenant, and refused, himself, to be mus-
tered as first lieutenant, but the evidence goes
to show that the man was commissioned as
second lieutenant and performed the duties
of that rank.
Mr. MOORE. If he had his commission
as second lieutenant he must certainly have
been paid.
Mr. COBURN. He was not mustered as
lieutenant.
Mr. MOORE. But he had his commission.
Mr. COBURN. He had a commission as
second lieutenant, but he was not mustered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman to what seems
to be an error or discrepancy between the dates.
In the bill the pay is to run from 1864, and the
report says 1865.
Mr. COBURN. The date should be 1865.
This man did the duties of the office of second
lieutenant and held the commission, and there
can be no objection to the passage of the bill.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KITTY A. SMITH AND JAMES A. STEVENS.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1775) for the
relief of Kitty A. Smith, widow of Thomas
A. Smith, and James A. Stevens, of the Crom-
well home guards, of Ohio county, Kentucky,
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
James A. Stevens, of the Cromwell home
guards, of Ohio county, Kentucky, the pay
of a private soldier for the period of the time
of his capture at Borah's Ferry, Kentucky,
until his discharge at Alexandria, Virginia;
and to pay to Kitty A. Smith, widow of Thomas
A. Smith, of said company, the pay of a pri-
vate from the date of his capture at Borah's
Ferry to the date of his death in hospital at
Annapolis.
Mr. COBURN. This bill relates to the
ease of two soldiers who were captured at
Borah's Ferry, in Kentucky, belonging to the
Ohio county home guards. They were not
soldiers of the United States, but of the home
guard of Kentucky. They were under the
orders, however, of General Crittenden, a Uni-
ted States officer. They never received any pay
from the State of Kentucky, and the company
to which they belonged did not receive any
pay or claim any, but these men suffered great
hardships in being captured while_ on guard
at this ferry. One of them died in hospital
immediately after his discharge, and both of
them were in captivity for six or seven months.
The bill provides that the widow of one of
them and that the other shall be paid the six
or seven months' pay during the time of their
captivity. It is a case of great hardship.
These men were in the service of the coun-
try, and were Union men, and the committee
hold that they are entitled to pay.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHIEF MEDICAL PURVEYOR.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, and with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 1745) to provide for the designa-
tion of a chief medical purveyor.
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendment and ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President to appoint, by selection from the
present assistant medical purveyors, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
chief medical purveyor of the Army, to fill a
vacancy now existing.
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to increase the pay of the officer appointed
to fill said vacancy.
Mr. COBURN. The law at present pro-
vides that there shall be no promotions in the
staff corps of the Army, the object being to
prevent any increase of pay to any staff offi-
cer by reason of promotion. This bill pro-
vides for the promotion of an assistant medi-
cal purveyor of the Army to be chief medical
purveyor; and the amendment provides that
there shall be no increase of pay in conse-
quence of such promotion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT COLLINS RESERVATION, COLORADO.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1776) declaring the
lands constituting the E'ort Collins military
reservation, in the Territory of Colorado, sub-
ject to -preemption and homestead entry, as
provided for in existing laws; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
L. L. O'CONNOR.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petitiou of L. L.
O'Connor, late first lieutenant third United
States cavalry, praying to be restored to his.
late rank or placed upon the retired list apdj
moved that the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SETH M. WHIT TEN'.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill,
No. 575, for the relief of Setli M. Whitten,
late private of the fourth regiment Michigan
infantry.
