1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4021
There is one question I should like to have
solved, and I hope the Senate will bear with
me for a moment while I .suggest it. Not
very long ago a certain man was in the Treas-
ury Department of the United States collect-
ing statistics for this Government. He was
admitted to be a good statistician. But why
was it that he was dismissed from the service?
That very fact shows that this commission will
amount to nothing. Why was it? David A.
Wells was procuring statistics for this Gov-
ernment in the Treasury Department; and
because his statistics and views were against
high protection he was denounced every day
on the floor of Congress as a falsifier of the
truth until he was removed ; and so it will be
again. You appoint a low-tariff commission
and every high-tariff man will denounce their
results as false ; you appoint a high-tariff
commission and every low-tariff man will
denounce the results of their investigations
as false as frr as that question is concerned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. LOGAN. I move now——
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh! no.
Mr. LOGAN. If you wiil allow me, sir.
Mr, SHERMAN. I only appeal to you.
Mr. LOGAN. You need not appeal to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give way.
Mr. LOGAN. You need not. 1 was not
going to make any further remarks; but I
suggest to the Senator from Ohio that when a
Senator is on the floor talking, and talking as
he has a right to do by the rales and the Con-
stitution, another Senator ought to judge well
of the proprieties of the occasion before sug-
gesting to him to sit down. I have as much
right here as the Senator from Ohio, and as
much right to talk, and I do not desire that it
shall be suggested to me when I shall stop or
when I shall go on. I was not going to pro-
ceed, but merely to crave permission to ask a
question.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I do not
know whether I ought to say a word on this
subject, and I do not know whether I can say
anything that will satisfy myself. I think I
have as much experience and as much knowl-
edge on this subject of capital and labor as
any other man in the Senate, and my judg-
ment about, it is very different from the opin-
ion of those who press for commissions to
investigate the subject.
A good many years ago when I first came
to this town—more than fifty—I got ten dol-
lars a week for my labor. I stayed here during
the winter, and I paid four dollars a week for
my board, and went home t,o the village where
1 lived with $150 profit, I think. I laid down
a principle when I started out in life always to
live within my means. Another principle I
had was never to make a debt that I could not
pay. I have followed these principles during
my life. I remember well after I had left and
got home that I owed a barber six and a quar-
ter cents. I put that into a letter and paid a
quarter of a dollar postage, and sent it to him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. That was interest.
Mr. CAMERON. It was a double letter.
A single letter was charged at that day twelve
and a half cents postage, a double letter twen-
ty-five cents, and I put the six and a quarter
cents in. I have pursued that course from
that day until now, and mention it only to show
young men the importance of keeping faith in
smalt as well as great matters. I never have
since that time needed a dollar that 1 could
not get. I have been a rich man from the day
that I left here until now, because 1 had always
more money than I needed for my purposes.
And I have watched the men who worked with
me, and I have found that those who made no
clamor about their wages and never com-
plained about their hours of work, succeeded
in life, and those who were always talking
about the oppression of capital on labor were
men who failed to succeed. I never wanted a j
commission to help me; and when I succeeded
in life no poor young man ever came to me to
ask for help that [ did not lend him money to
start him in business, and very seldom that I
expected or took from him any security ; very
few of them ever deceived me or cheated me
out of their debts. I do not believe now
there is a village or a town or a county in
this whole country where a man who has made
a reputation for industry, who gets up early
and who works late, and who pays his debts
when he has the money to pay them, that can-
not get as much capital as he pleases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the
Senator maintain the same disposition now?
If so 1 will anply to morrow. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. That may be witty,
because the Senator on my left is as well off
as I am, and it is not necessary that he should
lean upon me. He meant that to be humor-
ous, but I was stating a solemn truth, a cold
fact; and I tell it not tor the effect it will have
on the Senate, but for the effect it may have
on the young men of the country here and
elsewhere. In this country every man is equal,
not only before the law, but socially and polit-
ically, who does his duty equally with every-
body else to himself, to his family, and to
those around him.
There is no trouble in a laboring man
getting help here. Three fourths, eight tenths
of all the men in this Senate who have risen
to the high positions they now occupy started
life without a dollar. I see a number within
my eye now who not only have succeeded
politically, but succeeded in making fortunes,
and most of them started in life without any
assistance. Nearly all of them educated them-
selves and won the positions that they occupy;
not only won the positions they occupy, but
developed the talents that God had given them
by their industry, and by the education which
they earned for themselves; but, above all, by
their paiient industry, thrift, and devotion to
truth.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sorry for it, for I
would like to say a few more words upon the
subject of honest self-reliance. In this great
country of ours no young man with moderate
intellect need fail if he will be content to win
fortune and commanding position by hard
work and a determination to do right regard-
less of all allurements to do wrong. Judge
Story said a great truth, that there is room for
all, and that ■' no man is in any man's road "
in the race to fortune and fame. But, Mr.
President, I will, as I have done always, vote
here for all that tends to elevate the laboring
men, for the reason that, in my opinion, they
are the foundation of all the prosperity of this
wonderfully prosperous country.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Presi-
dent, this is a very extraordinary debite at the
close of the session of Congress, with various
subjects of legislation pressing on the attention
of the Senate to waste a whole evening in dis-
cussing ihe propriety of appointing a commis-
sion to inquire into hardly anybody knows
what. I was very slow to believe when the
proposition was made here that it was not a
joke. I thought it was, and I went around to
the Senator from South Carolina to ascertain.
I could not think he was serious in proposing
an amendment of this sort upon a tariff and tax
bill. It is plain to my mind what the object
of this commission is now, since so many have
spoken on the subject. It will work up some
information that will be valuable here next
winter for protection. That I look upon as
the purpose.
Gentleman may say that if you select good
men they will go into the country and ascer-
tain the facts. I undertake to say that they
cannot ascertain the facts. Suppose they go
into ihe country to inquire into facts, they do
not know any more than we know here, and
cannot learn any more than we can learn here,
and not so much Besides that, I do not care
whom you select, you may pick the best men
you can find in the country, take them to
Philadelphia, to Boston, to New York, to
Lowell, to any other manufacturing center,
and whom will they sort with? They will not
be entertained by the operatives, they will not
go to their houses, they will not dine with them
nor sup with them, nor drink with them, but
they will do all these things with the capitalists
who manage those concerns.
Gentlemen may suppose that that will have
no effect oil the commission. I beg leave in
differ with them and think to the contrary.
It will affect anybody ; no one can pass through
scenes of that sort and listen from morning
to night to the drippings of information which
they are bound to listen to and cannot help
themselves, but what they will have their
minds made up, probably in the interest of
protection ; and next winter it will be a valu-
able help to the protectionists. I see how
ready my friend from Pennsylvania takes hold
of the matter, and my friend from Massachu-
setts, and my friend from New Jersey, and so
on around—all protectionists.
Now, Mr. President, if this commission is
to be appointed, I suggest to its friends that
the sphere shall be varied a little and take in
a broader range of inquiry. The woman's
rights subject ought to be inquired into, and
spiritualism, and all the other isms of this
country ; and there are a number of them
besides what Mr. Greeley has taken up.
My friend from Indiana thought it was a
large subject, and one that is growing all over
the world, to investigate and inquire into
these things. I grant that that is true in some
sense, but [ suggest to the Senator from Indi-
ana that the disposiiion to multiply officers
and to increase the patronage of this Govern-
ment is growing in a much greater ratio, that
it is spreading wonderfully, and you will have
after awhile forty departments of the Govern-
ment here. and the proposition will be to retire
every one of these meti upon a salary or a
pension.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask my friend
if there is not one subject referred to in the
bill which of itself is worthy of great consid-
eration, and that is the question of the hours
of labor, which is now being discussed in this
country and in the Old World, on both sides
with great ability and zeal ? i ask him if that
is not an important practical question?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think it is ;
but my impression is that the Senate of the
United States and the House of Keptesent-
atives of the United States and the British
Parliament and any other deliberative body in
the world will never settle the question. It
will be settled between the laborers and ihe
capitalists who employ the laborers, in the end,
in spite of all legislation that may be brought
to bear upon the subject. That is my convic-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Texas ailow me to make an inquiry of htm?
Does he not think it would be well,in view of
the time we are sitting here, the hour of the
night, that the hours of sleep should be
inquired into as well as the hours of labor?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think it
would be.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; a d being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, BoremaD, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler. Claj ton, Conklmg,
Cooper. Corbett. Cr.igin. Gotdthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Iltil, Hitctloock. Kellogg, Kelly, 1*001, Pratt,
Ramsey, Salisbury, sherman. Spencer, Spragae,
Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton. Viekeis, .md West—29.
NAYS—_\lwsrs. Aleorn, Ames, Blair. Buckingham,
Ca id well, Casserly, Cote, denton. Ferry of Michi-
igan, Flanagan, i'lelinaliuysen, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamhu, Howe, Johnston, Motrin of Muhie,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Rob-
