2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
was not assured that any terms looking to that
end would be considered. Subsequently, an-
other agent was sent on the same "business,
now regarded as exceedingly important to the
people of Dominica. The President then, as
it was his unquestioned duty, gave the subject
such consideration as in his judgment it
deserved.
He sent an agent of this Government thither
to enter into negotiations, with a view of secur-
ing the annexation of that republic. A treaty
was made between the two contracting parties,
which was in due time laid before the Senate
for its ratification or rejection. The matter
was not known to be unpopular with the Amer-
ican people, and I believe that really it was
not then, as it is not now, either popular or
unpopular. Annexation schemes had not pre-
viously been very unpopular, else, perhaps, we
should not have acquired either Texas, Cali-
fornia, or Alaska. The idea of an ocean-bound
republic had been a favorite one with at least
one great political party in this country. The
treaty failed to secure the requisite majority in
the Senate, and therefore was rejected. The
President was fiercely assailed by members of
that body, aud scandalized throughout the
country, as himself, with other Government
officials, having personally and corruptly be-
come interested in what was deiisively denom-
inated a job.
A commission, oil the authority of Congress,
was appointed by the President, composed of
American citizens distinguished among their
countrymen for ability and integrity, and ac-
companied by certain other American citizens
equally distinguished, as invited guests of the
commission, proceeded to San Domingo for
the purpose of examining into 'this question
in all its possible phases, with instructions to
report. The commission in due time made its
report, and this, with a. message fromthe Presi-
dent, was laid before Congress and ordered to
be printed for the information of the country.
That commission of distinguished citizens,
against whose integrity the breath of suspicion
was never raised, among other things reported
that they had carefully examined into the^char-
acter of allegations touching any personal in-
terest that any Government officials might have
in connection with the annexation scheme, and
the following is the strong language of their
report on that point:
"The commissioners wcro not unmindful of vari-
ous rumors which had been circulated on divers
occasions that concessions or grants of land wore
made to officials of the Government of the United
States when the treaty of annexation was nego-
tiated in 1869. No pains were spaied to ascertain
the cxact truth on this subject. In addition to an
examination of all grants irorn the Government of
the republic, the commission turther carried their
researches to ah municipal grants by the town of
Samana, where rumor had located the supposed
grants. The officers of the municipality and the
records were carefully examined, inquiry was also
made of the authorities of the city of San Domingo.
After this investigation the commission can declare
without hesitation that there was no particle ot
evidence or color of cvidcnce for these charges.
"In order to be assured that the treaty furnished
to us was a true and a full copy of the original in
the archives of the Dominican Government, they
thought it important to examine the original care-
iully, and to determine wnether either the treaty of
annexation or the Samana lease contained any con-
cession or grant or secret clause favoring any Uni-
ted Slates official. This they did in the presence of
the president aud his cabinet, in the formal manner
which will bts lound set out at length m their jour-
nal of dale February 18, 1871. ll was ascertained
that no Mich clause was contained in the treaty or
lease. They received, also, the &olemu assurance
of tile president and his cabinct, as will be found in
their journal of the same date, that no such grant
or concession was made in any way in connection
with the negotiation or preparation of the treaty."
Now, what was the course and conduct of
the President after this report was completed
and submitted to Congress? Was not his bear-
ing in this whole matter honorable in the high-
est degree? Did he show any, the least, dis-
position or desire to consummate this scheme
without the fullest acquiescence of the people ?
Did he not show that he was sincere when on a
joriner occasion he announced ih.il he bhould
iiavt; no policy to support in opposition to the
will of the people? Did his conduct on this
occasion resemble that of a dictator, or that
of a ruler who proposed to override law and
trench upon the liberties of the people? Let
us look at his owu words and see how he fully
disposes of the vexed question. I quote from
his message accompanying the report^ of the
commissioners:
" The mere rejection by the Senate of a treaty
negotiated by the President only indicates a differ-
ence of opinion between two coordinate departments
of the Government, without touching the character
or wounding the pride of either. But when such
rejection takes place simultaneously with charges
openly made of corruption on the part of the Presi-
dent, or those employed by him, the case is differ-
ent. Indeed, in such case the honor of the nation
demands investigation. This has been accomplished
by the report of the commissioners herewith trans-
mitted, and which fully vindicates the purity of the
motives and aetion of those who represented the
United States iu the negotiation.
"And now my task is finished, and with it ends
all personal solicitude upon the subject. My duty
being done, yours begins; and I gladly hand over
the whole matter to the judgment of the American
people, and of their Representatives in Congiess
assembled. The facts will now be spread before the
country, and a decision rendered by that tribunal
whose convictions so seldom err, and against who«e
will I have no policy to enforce. My opinion remains
unchanged; indeed, it is confirmed by the report,
that the interests of our country and ot San Domingo
alike invite the annexation of that republic.
"In view of the difference of opinion upon this
subject, I suggest that no action be taken at the
present session beyond the printing and general dis-
semination of the report. Before the next session
of Congress the people will haveconsidered the sub-
ject and formed an intelligent opinion concerning
it; to which opinion, deliberately made up, it will
be the duty of every department of the Government
to give heed, and no one will more cheerfully con-
form to it than myself. It is not only the theory of
our Constitution that the will of the people, consti-
tutionally expressed, is the supreme law, but I have
ever believed that4 all men are wiser than any one
manand it the people, upon a full presentation of
the facts, shall decide that the annexation of the
republic is not desirable, every department of the
Government ought to acquiesce in that decision."
Mr. Speaker, never was the charge of the
spirit of imperialism more groundlesaly made
against a citizen of this Republic. So foreign
is anything of this kind from the truth that it
may be said by all who have made themselves
familiar with the modes of this Administra-
tion that never before has the Government,
been run in a plainer, simpler, and more
democratic style than under the present Chief
Executive ; and never before did the people
approach more familiarly all the seats of
power, or more sensibly realize that this great
Government is their own inheritance.
In addition to charges to which I have already
alluded, there are still other averments made
intended to militate against the reputation of
the present Executive, and if possible to draw
away from him the confidence of the American
people. I can with difficulty bring myself to
feel that they are worthy of consideration ;
yet they are pressed by those who claim to
have a right to speak and be heard upon polit-
ical questions in this country. He is charged
with being a man of mercenary character.
How such a complaint could originate from
any higher impulses than those of prejudice
and personal malice it is really difficult to see.
Who in this country was ever placed under cir-
cumstances better calculated to develop such a
trait of character, had he possessed it, than Gen-
eral Grant? For years during the war almost
unlimited power was iu his hauds, and unlim-
ited opportunities were afforded him duiiug
those years to take advantage of his surround-
ings, and to accumulate to an almost unlimited
extent, had he been other than a true man
and scrupulously honest. During those years,
when other men were profiting by such op-
portunities, while traders and unscrupulous
speculators were making fortunes out of the
confusion and disorder incident to war, he,
true to his duties as our great chieftain,
never for a moment turned aside to seek any
such personal advantages, and never in a
single instance did he use his immense power
to the fuitheranceof his own personal ends. He
came out of the war, attar having run a uaieer
not lcos illustrious than thai of the &rea,tost
heroes of ancient or modern times, as the pride
and idol of the American people. He had won
the gratitude of all hearts and the praise of
the civilized world. He had gone to history
with an irrevocable decision in his favor.
His subsequent career after he had received
the surrender of the last of his country's foes,
till he was put in nomination for the high
office he now fills, still more, if possible, en-
deared him to the loyal people of this coun-
try. Everybody believed him to be honest
and true to every high trust as a public man.
No citizen of this country had ever secured
more conspicuously a world-wide fame.
Sir. it is preposterous even to suppose that
one so capable of noble deeds could obscure
such a fame by the indulgence of little mer-
cenary purposes. I blush to know that there
can be found American citizens, sharers of the
honors and benefits which this great man has
conferred upon his country, who condescend
to such unworthy insinuations. This great
man, did I say ? I am aware, sir, that his title
to be considered a great man is denied. But
how is it? Ordinary men now and then stum-
ble upon some great enterprise by luck or
accident; but a succession ot brilliant achieve-
ments as the result of studied aud carefully
arranged plans has never in the history of
mankind been characteristic of ordinary men.
This question of his greatness has already been
decided, and no heated fulminations of either
stump orators or a partisan press can reverse
that decision.
The remark has been made, time and again,
that he is not&giaud character, such as should
preside over the destinies of a great peopie.
Who, in the name of consistency, is better
entitled to such high distinction than the man
who has done as much as any other man to
make the nation illustrious and the people
great ? Ah ! in what light, as to character, did
the people contemplate him at Vicksburg, at
Mission Ridge, or at Appomattox Court-House?
What other character then towered above him?
The people, sir, will never forget the grandeur
of those eventful scenes in our past history,
and will never believe that there was not a
grand character that constituted the central
figure in the midst of those lively times. They
share not in these unworthy criticisms upon the
man who has fairly won his way to fame, and
who, though gone to fame, still moves among
the people of this nation as one of the plainest,
humolest, and least pretentious of our great
men.
I take the liberty of quoting here some re-
marks taken from a literary journal, not polit-
ical, as further evidence of the estimate still
placed upon his character, and of the firm hold
which he possesses upon the hearts of the
people. Such a view is the more valuable, as
it is taken from a better stand-point than that
of the mere politician;
From this time to the assembling of the Repub-
lican convention the attempt to stain the character
of the President, and to stigmatize him to the coun-
try as unfit for another term, will be incessant and
malevolent. But he has been in the tVilderncss
before, and he came out of it. They mistake pro-
foundly and perilously who suppose that the people
torget, or that the mists of calumny that gather about
every Administration have obscured the remem-
brance of the days when General Grant was the
hope of American liberty. Coming Iresh from tbe
camp to the Cabinet, has he betrayed one of the
great principles of the party which lifted him lo
power? Differing from many honored leaders, as
they differ among themselves, has he forgotten the
emancipated race, or the honor of the nation, or the
welfare of the people ? Silent by nature and by the
conditions ol his position, has he to one honest mind
seemed guilty of any of the foul charges that have
been thundered against him ? There will certainly
be an indignant reaction in the mind and heart of
the American people against the relentless effort to
injure the good name of thr President of the United
States; a reaction which will surely and triumph-
antly reelect him, as a man who, m the 'fierce
light' of the intensest party animosity, as in the
long doubt of the war, has shown himself a modest
and faithful servant of his country.1-"
Mr. Speaker, I refrain from saying anything
jj more in this direction, as I feel confident that
j< the President ib already too strongly intrcuchcd
