4022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May SO,
ertsoii, Sawyer, Scott, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Wright—26. „ , ^ . „„ . ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Davis oi Kentucky,
Davis of "West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Gilbert, Harlan, Lewis, Logan, Norwood,
Osborn, Patteison, Ransom, Rice, Sehurz, Stewart,
Sumner, Tburman, and Windoni—19.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and thirty-three minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF BEPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 30, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
d. i>.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. BECK. I object.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the Journal.
sdpkrvision or elections.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege in regard to the Journal. Not having
heard it distinctly, I wish that portion to be
again read which relates to the introduction
of the bill reported yesterdav by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sutler] from the
joint select Committee to Investigate the Con-
dition of Affairs in the Late Insurrectionary
States. According to the report in the Globe
the bill was read a first and second time. I
wish to hear the entry in the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
entry in the Journal.
The Clerk rend as follows :
"Mr. Benjamin F. Butler, from the joint select
Committee on the Insurrectionary States, reported a
bill (II. li. No. 2910 to amend an act to enlorcetho
right* of citizens ot the United States to vote in the
several States of the Union ; pending the question
on its first reading, by unanimous consent," &c.
The SPEAKER. Was the bill ever referred
to the Committee on the Insurrectionary
States by the House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Journal is correct.
Had the bill been referred to the committee
the question would have been on its third
reading, but if the bill was not referred the
question is on its first reading.
MESSAOE t'llOSt TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 1158)
to amend an act relating to soldiers' and sail-
ors'homesteads; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
bill (H. R. No. 2938) granting right of way to
the Utah, Idaho, and Montana Railroad Com-
pany.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate further insisted on its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the bill (S.
No. C16) to release to the Slate of Indiana the
lands known as the bed of Beaver lake, in
Newton county, in said State, asked a further
conference, arid appointed as its conferees Mr.
Morton*, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Casserly.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 872) to provide for the sale of
certain New York Indian lands in Kansas,
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Harlan, Mr.
Caldwell, and Mr. Fextox, conterees on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent for ten minutes for the purpose of mak-
ing a personal explanation.
There was no objection, and leave was
granted.
Mr, VAN TRUMP. I yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Mercur..]
, ADJUSTMENT Of PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS,
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, re-
ported back, with an amendment, the bill (S.
No. 324) to extend the provisions of an act
entitled "An act for the final adjustment of
private land claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses."
The bill of the Senate was read. It pro-
vides that the provisions of the act entitled
"An act for the final adjustment of private
land claims in the States of Florida, Louisi-
ana, and Missouri, and for other purposes."
approved June 22, 1860, be extended, and the
same shall continue in force for a period of
three years from and after the passage of this
aet.
The amendment of the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all persons
claiming land as specified in the first section of said
aet may have their claims confirmed in accordance
with the forms and in the manner prescribed in said
aet, in all cases where it shall be satisfactorily
proved that the claimants and those from whom
they derive title have held continuous possession
of the land claimed from the date of the cession to
the United States of the territory out of which the
States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri were
formed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new orleans investigation.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I ask leave to submit a
report in writing from the select committee
appointed to investigate affairs in Louisiana.
It is signed by Mr. McCrary and myself. Mr.
Archer and Mr. Speer of Pennsylvania will
make a report representing their views. There
is no majority report. I only ask that these
reports may be printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
the report from the committee?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I make it for Mr. Mc-
Crary and myself.
The SPEAKER. Who makes the report
from the committee?
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is none. Mr. Smitii,
of New York, has not joined with either, but
has prepared a separate report.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen of the
New Orleans investigating committee ask con-
sent that they may present their individual
views in writing, that they may be printed.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. In behalf of
Mr. Archer and myself I submit our views.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands,
then, that there are three minority reports?
Mr. SPEKR, of Pennsylvania. I ask that
they may all be printed together.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the combined report
will be signed by all these gentlemen.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also submitted
ibis views in writing.
The several reports were ordered to be
printed.
seneca stone investigation.
Mr. IIALSEY, chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, submitted
a report on the investigation in the matter of
the use of Seneca stone, arid moved that the
report be printed, arid that the testimony
accompanying it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
OKDEK Of BUSINESS.
Mr. SHANKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van
Trump] will proceed with his personal explan-
ation.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, in the
five years that I have had the honor of a seat
on this floor I have had no occasion, nor has
there been any necessity for me to ask the in-
dulgence of the House to make a personal
explanation in regard to a charge against my
official conduct as a Representative of the
people. All merely personal or political
attacks I settle outside of this House. But
some time ago there was one brought to my
notice of a different character. I have delayed
presenting it to the attention of the House
because it belonged to the Ku Klux investiga-
tion, and I thought it would be more proper
to introduce it in the debate upon the Ku
Klux bill. But, inasmuch as it is now very
apparent that there will not be any enlarged
debate upon that question, I deem it due to
myself to introduce this explanation now. I
owe it not only to myself but to the people I
represent, in regard to a charge against me of
my conduct as a member of sub-committee
of the Ku Klux investigation. I owe it to the
frankness, indeed I ought to say, Mr. Speaker,
to the personal kindness of my colleague on
that sub-committee, and my colleague in this
House from the State of Ohio, who occupies a
seat immediately in front of the Chair, [Mr.
Stevenson,] that I was informed of the mat-
ter ; otherwise it would perhaps have never
been brought to my attention.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read an
article from the Union, a Republican paper
printed at Columbia, South Carolina.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Baltimore American, in a recent issue, ?ays
thatM!r. Van Trump, the Democratic member o. ih©
Ku Klux committee which visited this State last
summer, summoned before said committee a' prom-
inent lawyer from the ccntral part of the State,'
tor the purpose ot refuting the testimony of men who
had testified as to the political character of the Ku
Klux organization. It turned out beforesaid lawyer
was called to give in his evidence that he stood high
in the order himself, and probably knew more than
Mr. Van Trump and his Democratic friends cared to
hear. Sufficu it to say that the testimony of this
eminent citizen was not required, and Mr. Vast
Trump returned to Washington without eliciting
the information he desired.
"Now, we are a little curious to know who the
prominent lawver is who possesses such important
intelligence. Who is the man who knows so much
concerning the Ku Klux organization that even a
Democratic Congressman was staggered by the nexvs
when secretly communicated to him? Way was the
man not called ? If he could unearth the ra\>tery
which hangs over this hellish Klan and show that
it is nothing but a Radical trick to make political
capital, why did not Mr. "Van Trump make tbe most
of his discovery? Will the American enlighten a
curiouscommunity as to the name of this prominent
lawyer, or is it best in order to subserve the ends of
justice that his name be kept secret? If not incom-
patible with the public interests, let us know the
name of this important individual."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, when I
accepted the trust of being a member of the
general committee, and especially accepted
the trust of acting as a member of the sub-com-
mittee, being the only Democrat on that sub-
committee, I did so with a determination t->
discharge my duty as faithfully and impartially
as it is in the power of human nature to do.
I think I may appeal to my colleagues on that
sub-committee to sustain me in this statement.
So far as the main charge in the article which
has been read is concerned, I unhesitatingly
pronounce it false and unfounded in every
particular.
When I read tbe article I endeavored to re-
call to my recollection, as far as possible, all
the facts in the case, as to what distinguished
lawyer or any other kind of lawyer 1 bad sum-
moned in South Carolina and had failed'to ex-
amine. I wii! state that in passing thronph:
the town of Union Court-flou-c, wnHi was
the scene, as members will recollect, of wha*".
is known in the North as the great Union r:or,
where from three hundred to six hundred dis-
guised men entered the jail and took from it
some negroes and hung several of thefn be-
