386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
42d Cons.,..2d Sess.
North Carolina, the largest tobacco-producing
State, down to $9,200 in the State of New
Jersey, which I believe is the smallest tobacco-
producing State. Of these twenty-one States,
Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky,
Missouri, and Ohio, nine in number, produced
each more than $1,000,000 worth in the year
1870; and to my surprise I find that the States
of Massachusetts and Connecticut produced a
larger amount of tobacco to the acre than any
other State in the Union, and that the tobacco
there,produced sold for a higher price in the
market. The value of the tobacco produced
either in Massachusetts or Connecticut is
greater than that produced in Maryland, one
half that produced in Virginia, and more than
a third that produced in North Carolina. The
whole amount grown in the United States, as
given by the statistician for the year 1870, is in
round numbers $26,000,000.
Mr. BURCHARD. How many pounds?
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman can as-
certain that by examining the tables which
I will append—Appendix B. The amount of
exports of leaf tobacco for the year 1870,
as given by the Bureau of Statistics, was
$16,000,000.
Thatleaves for home consumption of tobacco
a little over ten million dollars' worth at prime
cost. On that sum we are shown to have col-
lected over thirty mil lion dollars of tax, or over
three hundred per cent. Now, I submit this
is a burden no industry ought to be required
to bear except it be absolutely necessary.
We are told that the tobacco-producing
interest does not pay it, that the burden falls
wholly upon the consumers. In one sense that
is true—at least there is a semblance of truth
in it. But, as matter of fact, this vast sum is
paid by the tobacco manufacturers who recover
it back when they can and of whom they may.
In other words, they stand to the Government
in the attitude of factors who advance over
thiity million dollars to the Treasury, and up
to the full value of the consignment, and then
collect it from their customers as best they
can.
This is a heavy burden on any industry. It
is a burden few can bear. As we might ex-
pect, it places the tobacco producer in the
hands of the capitalists, dependent upon them
for very life. I would at the first practicable
moment sweep off all our internal taxes, and
with them the little army of officers employed
in their collection. Why, at the commence-
ment of this Administration on the 4th of
March, 1869, the officers of that bureau swarmed
like locusts all over the country, amounting to
the number of sixty-two hundred and seventy-
seven. We have been striking off their heads
simultaneously with the reduction of internal
taxes until now we have reduced the num-
ber to forty four hundred and sixty. I
desire to see every one of them discharged,
and the system of internal revenue or excise
born of our war necessities brought to an end,
the sooner the better. I submit this policy to
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg]
and to all who agree with him. He told us
the other day that he is for " leaving to next
year what remains undone in this until we
arrive at that normal point when the duties
may once more assume a permanent character
as they did before the war." I am for getting
back to ante bellum taxation, when we shall
have no internal taxation, but will collect the
revenue needed for the Government at the
ports of the country from foreign merchan-
dise.
I myself have introduced a bill which has been
alluded to rather humorously by my humor-
ous friend from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.] It is
also before the Committee of the Whole, and
is simply the internal tax part of the minority
bill; that and nothing more. What I would
like to see done, and shall do if I have an
opportunity, and shall ask the House to do, is to
take up this bill and aci upon it at once and
in advance of our discussion on the tariff.
This bill, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] reminds us, covers forty pages, and is the
most voluminous part of the proposed legisla-
tion. No serious dispute is likely to arise as
to any of its provisions. Then let us take it up,
pass it, and send it to the Senate, so that it may
become a law as soon as possible. The whole
tobacco interest has been suspended during the
winter and spring, the business stagnant and
foing to decay, awaiting the action of Congress,
question whether even the subtile dialectics
of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson]
would controvert the propriety or the wisdom
or the justice of so considering the different
subjects before us.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
Tennessee will allow me to say I did not in-
dulge in any humor at the expense of that bill.
I do not understand it as a humorous measure,
or capable of affording amusement to any one,
I agree in its provisions. It is true I might
differ with the gentleman as to the proper way
of getting at the result.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that point there
need be and I hope will be no disagree-
ment. If the gentleman will allow me, I wish
to say a word more in regard to this bill of
mine.
This bill, if enacted into a law, upon the
basis of last year's operations, will give us
within a fraction of eighty-six million dollars
per annum.
Spirits and fermented liquors $54,000,000
Tobacco  26,000,000
Binks and bankers  3,500,000
Adhesive stamps  2,500,000
Total - $86,000,000
This gives us exactly $86,000,000, without
allowing for what I believe is called the elas-
ticity of the revenue—though I really do not
know the origin of the term—due to the ex-
pansion of business, with the increase of the
country and its wants.
My associate on the committee [Mr. Kel-
ley] dwelt with so much pathos and humor
upon the hardships of the internal tax law
that I feel almost ashamed to present another
one which has struck me as being, in a small
way, about as annoying and vexatious as any
of them all. We have a law upon the stat-
ute book requiring every stamp upon a cigar-
box to be canceled and utterly destroyed;
and it was seriously proposed in an influen-
tial quarter to provide further that " any per-
son who shall give away or accept from another''
"any such stamped box" without the stamp
being canceled shall for such " offense," on
conviction, be fined " $100, and be imprisoned
not less than twenty days and not more than
one year." I happened the other day to go
into the restaurant below, and, seeing some
empty cigar-boxes, I inquired of the waiters
what they did with them. They said, "We
throw them away; if you wish it, we will give
you one." And [holding up a stamped cigar-
box] that is the one they gave me, and by that
provision of law the giving or accepting of that
box, though with the most innocent intention
in the world, inadvertently and unconsciously,
merely as the wrapper of a bouquet or child's
toy would subject the offender to be fined
$100 and imprisoned for at least twenty da; ..
The box when I received it was in its present
condition, and in the same condition as are
thousands of cigar-boxes lying about all over
this country. An empty cigar-box or an empty
tobacco package is as full of peril to the holder
as a forgotten torpedo or a bombshell from a
battle-field, liable at any unexp«cted moment
to explode. I might in this connection in-
stance the punishments inflicted for the num-
erous violations of law in the small neighbor-
hood traffic of our rural population, whose first
knowledge of the law is their arrest for its
transgression.
I refer to these as among the many incon-
veniences that surround the laws for the col-
lection of taxes upon spirits and tobacco, and
which, lam sorry to say, will necessarily sur-
round them as long as we collect or attempt to
collect taxes upon these articles. Because as
long as we make them the subject of taxation
we must, not only for the protection of the
Government and its revenues, but for the pro-
tection of the honest tax-payer, so guard them
that they shall not be evaded. For it is as
much the interest of the honest tax payer as
it is of the Government that every man shall
pay his tax, impartially and without evasion.
We cannot, it seems to me, act too promptly
nor too vigorously and decidedly upon the
internal tax system, especially upon that
part of it which relates to spirits and tobacco.
Scarcely less important is it to get clear of the
small stamps that, like fleas, stick to us so pro-
vokingly. Stamps upon agreements, stamps
upon bank checks, stamps upon leases,
stamps upon mortgages, stamps upon matches,
and what not. They are always inconvenient,
sometimes much so, and cau be tolerated only
as a necessity of the Government. The time of
such necessity has been, and the people sub-
mitted to it cheerfully as to every other of the
sacrifices demanded by the war. We have
■ outlived that day of need, and away with them.
It is important that the people do not become
accustomed to these petty exactions, but re-
member them only as some of the smaller in-
flictions of the war. We cannot too carefully,
nor in too many ways, inculcate the advantages
of peace over war.
We come now to the tariff portion of the
bills proposed by the majority and by the
minority of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The numerical features of the two bills will
appear by the following table, showing the
reduction of reeeipts made by the two bills
respectively, taking as a basis of calculation
the business of the last fiscal year :
Tariff:
Majority bill, (//. R. No. 2322.)
Dutiable $16,741,574
Free  1,607,130
Internal revenue:
Tobaoeo $7,038,000
Gas  2,800,000
Adhesive stamps  3,650,000
Savings bank deposits  500,000
18.348,704
13,988,000
Total reduction  $32,336,704
Minority bill, (.H. R. No. 2348.)
Tariff:
Dutiable  t8.291,775
Free  18,793,540
Internal revenue:
Tobacco $11,020,000
Gas    2,800,000
Adhesive stamps  11,500,000
Spirits..........  1,400,000
Savings bank deposits  500,000
27,085,315
Total reduction..
27,220,008
$54,305,315
The difference between the two bills is not
merely in the extent they respectively reduce
taxation and receipts, but it is in the principle
of such reduction. Upon that, if I have time,
I shall have a few words to say. I am ready to
affirm what I sincerely believe, that wo may
reduce the rates of taxation $100,000,000 per
annum, and not reduce the actual revenues
exceeding $50,000,000 ; or we may reduce the
rates but $50,000,000, and yet reduce the
actual revenues $100,000,000, just as we do
or do not discriminate in favor of our own pro-
ductions. Although, as is shown by the fore-
