3126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May %
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Pres-
ident of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
I herewith communicate to the Senate a report
from the Acting Secretary of the Interior of this
date, in answer to the resolution of that body
adopted on the 23d ultimo, calling for information
relative to the lecent afhay at the eourt-housc in
Going Snake district, Indian territory.
In view of the feeling of hostility which exists
between theCherokees and the United States au-
thorities of the western district of Arkansas it seems
to be necessary that Congress should adopt such
measures as will tend to allay that feeling, and at
the same time secure tho enforcement of the laws in
that territory.
I therefore concur with the Acting Secretary of
the Interior in suggesting the adoption of a pending
bill for the erection of a judicial district within the
Indian territory as a measure which will afford the
mostimmediate remedy for the existing troubles.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, May 7,1872.
Mr. CONKLING. As a bill on that sub-
ject has been reported, that communication
had better be printed and laid on the table.
I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the Ilonse of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted on its amendments to
the bill (No. 988) to provide homes for the
Pottawatomie and absentee Shawnee Indians in
the Indian territory, agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagieeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and bad appointed
Mr. Thomas Boles of Arkansas, Mr. Johx
Smith of Ohio, and Mr. William \V. Vaughax
of Tennessee, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills 5 in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. Ji. No. 2U93) to grant an Ameri-
can register to the Hawaiian batk Florence ;
A bill (H. U. No. l!G82) authorizing the con-
struction of a public building at Pall River, in
the State of Massachusetts ;
A bill (EI. K. No. 2690) defining and limit-
ing the appropriation of certain moneys for the
preparation, issue, and reissue of the securities
of the United States, and for other purposes;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 2G91) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes,'' approved July 14, 1870.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 696) to
authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river at Boouville, Missouri.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 881) to provide for
the abatement or repayment of taxes on dis-
tilled stm i:s in bond destroyed by casualty,
with amendments; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing of twenty thousand copies of the
second volume of the report of the Secretary
of the Inle iior, containing the report of the
Commissioner of Education.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of the annual repott of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture for 1871.
The mobsage further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing ot five thousand extra copies of
the report of_the board of Indian commis-
sioners for 1871.
PObT OF b"IC I'< APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. 11. No. 1070} making appropria-
tions lor the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first re-
served amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section four, line eight, to strike out
" $500,000" and insert "$1,000,000" as the
appropriation for steamship service between
San Francisco and China and Japan, and after
the word u dollars" in the eighth line to insert:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to contract with the lowest bidder, after sixty days'
public notice, for a term of ten years from and alter
the 1st day of October, 1873, lor the conveyance of
an additional monthly mail on the said route, at a
compensation not to exceed the rate per voyage
now paid under the existing contracts, and upon the
same conditions and limitations as prescribed by the
existing acts of Congress in reference thereto and
the respective contracts made in pursuance thereof;
and the contractors under the provisions of rhis beo-
tion shall be required to carry the United States
mails during the existence of theircontraets without
additional charge on all the steamers they may run
upon said line, or any part of it, or any branch or
extension thereof: Provided, That alt steamships
hereafter accepted for said service shall be of not
Jess than lour thousand tons register each, and
wholly of American construction, and shall be so
constructed as to be readily adapted to the armed
naval service of the United States in time of war;
and before acceptance, the officers by whom they
are inspected shall report to the Secretary of the
Navy and the Postmaster General whether this con-
dition has been complied with: Provided, That in
all cases the officers of the ships employed in the
service herein provided for shall be citizens of the
United States, and that persons of foreign birth who
have, according to law, declared their intention to
become citizens of the United States, may be em-
ployed as though, they were citizens within the
meaning of this section, or of any act or acts speci-
fied in the act of June 28, 180-1. And the Govern-
ment of theUnited States shall have the right, in
case of war, to take for the use of the United States
any of the steamers of said line, and in such case
pay a reasonable compensation therefor.
Mr. WINDOM. The amendment as it now
stands is not consistent with itself. The Senate
has fixed the time when this contract shall com-
mence in October, 1873. This appropriation
is for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, so
that no part of the money appropriated under
the provision of this amendment would be
needed during the fiscal year for which the
appropriation is made. I therefore ask the
consent of the Senate to strike out the words
" one million" and leave it as it stood in the
House bill, ''$500,000." No part of this ad-
ditional appropriation would be used during
the fiscal year, and therefore we do not want
to make it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota desires that the Senate shall
non-concur in that portion of the amendment
raising the amount of the appropriation from
$500,000 to $1,000,000, leaving* it at $500,000
as it came from the House of Representatives,
and then concur in the amendment to the
future contracts. Is there objection to that
proposition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know the
object of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
stated that the contract would be for the next
fiscal year, not this.
Mr. WINDOM. The contract does not be-
gin until October, 1873, and this appropria-
tion would end on the 30th of June, 1873, so
that it could not leach to the time when the
contract would go into operation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be divided, and
the Senate will non-concur in the first part
raising the appropriation from $500,000 to
$1,000,000. That is non-concurred in. The
question now reenrs on agreeing to the latter
part, which is the legislation agreed to in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that this service
should be made to commence on the 1st of
July, 1873. There can be no object in delay-
ing it until October, 1873. I suggest a change
to that date. Let it be as early as we can
fix it.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to that
if there is no objection on the part of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to amend by having the
future contract commence on the 1st of July,
1873, instead of October, 1873, the date fixed
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I wish to
make an inquiry of the honorable Senator from
Minnesota. The additional compensation of
$500,000 I understand is to begin in 1873,
and it will then be $1,000,000 from that time
out for ten years?
Mr. WINDOM. That is as the amendment
now stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hava
non-concurred in that portion of the amend- .
ment raising the appropriation from $500,000
to $1,000,000 for this year, leaving it at $500,-
000. The question now recurs on the new
contract proposed in Committee of the Whole,
fixing the contract for ten years from 1873 at
not exceeding $1,000,000 a year, and pending
that question the Senator from California
moves to amend the amendment so that the
new contract shall commence on the 1st of
July instead of the 1st of October, 1873.
Mr. VICKERS. I understand that this
appropriation involves the amount of $5,000,-
000 ; that the contract is to be entered into at
once to take effect in October, 1873, before
which day there will be an intervening session
of Congress. I should like to know why it is
necessary now that a contract shall be entered
into at this time when Congress at its next
session can determine whether it should be .
done or not.
Mr. WINDOM. It is in order that the
ships may be built. Under this amendment,
four large four thousand tons burden iron
ships are to be constructed, and it will require
a year to do it. We want them built in this
country, and for that reason we give time
enough to have them built in this country.
Mr. VICKERS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that they are to be iron ships?
Mr. WINDOM. I understand they are to
be iron steamers.
Mr. VICKERS. Is that provision in the
amendment ?
Mr. WINDOM. I think it is not; but I
understand that is the character of the ships
to be built.
Mr. VICKERS. Will the Senator amend
the proposition by inserting "iron ships?"
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator vote for
it if I do ?
Mr. VICKERS. That is not the question
1 asked the Senator. [Laughter.] 1 under-
stand this appropriation is desired for a very
prosperous company, one that has made so
much money that it proposes to build double
the number of ships it now owns that it may
make double the amount of profits. This
company, according to the Senaiorfrom Ore-
gon, [Mr. Kelly.] brings a very large number
of very undesirable persons to our country,
pagans and idolaters that never can be incor-
porated into our social community : and when
they die, I understand the steamers are em-
ployed in taking their bodies back to be buried,
for it is against the principles of their religion
that they should be buried in any country but
their own.
I do not think that the condition of the
Treasury of the United States is such as to
justify such laige expenditures of public
money for purposes of this kind. We know
that Congress passed a bill to authorize the
reduction of the interest on our bonds from
six to five and four and a half per cent. We
know the efforts of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who employed agents to go to Europe, and
the syndicates to effect the sale of our bonds
m order that we might save $5,000,000 in
interest; and now, having done this, we are
called upon at once to give to a private cor-
poration, that they may make money for them-
selves, $5,000,000, all that has been saved for a
year by the efforts of Congress and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in the conversion of bonds
from six to five percent, bonds.
Now, sir, if I were to look at this subject in
a political aspect only, I would favor the prop-
osition, because I am conscious that the sense
of our people is against such extravagant
