1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
in the warm hearts of the American people to
be in need of kind words spoken by me as
one of his humblest friends. But, sir, I felt
that I had a duty to perform as one of the
Representatives of the great State which gave
this great man to the country, and it is sure
to stand by him when his next time of trial
comes.
I intended when I began to speak of other
matters of national interest, but I am remind-
ed by the length to which I have already gone
that I must wait for another opportunity to
discuss those other questions.
FINANCIAL POLICY OF THE ADMINISTRATION,
Mr. MONROE. The great questions raised
by the war have now been settled. The Union
has been finally and permanently restored.
Reconstruction is complete. Emancipation,
impartial suffrage, the equal protection of
law, have been secured by amendments to the
Constitution, solemnly ratified, and by appro-
priate legislation. Slate and national life and
fundamental individual rights have been set
upon a rock. These noble results having been
achieved, it is with.some feeling of relief that
we next address ourselves to the material in-
terests of the country, interests whicb suffered
so fearfully during the war, which have since
so wonderfully revived, and which are the
homely but strong foundation of so much else
that is desirable of intellectual, social, and
moral development.
Closely related to these interests, and one
of the most important, practical questions
that we can discuss,-is the Financial Policy of
President Grant's Administration, and of this
1 propose to speak to-day.
Has our present Administration any financial
policy? If so, what is it? Is it one worthy
of a great nation charged with grave responsi-
bilities? What objects does it propose to
accomplish, and by what means? Its adver-
saries charge that it has no policy; that its
successes are a happy accident. They tell us
that it has merely drifted upon the rising tide
of national prosperity, without efficient cap-
tain or intelligent pilot; and that it is only by
a fortunate chance that it has blundered into
harbor instead of going down bow foremost
among the rocks. With this proposition I
join issue. There could not be a greater or
a less excusable error.
The administration of the Treasury, whether
right or wrong, certainly has not been without
apian. The course pursued by the Secretary has
no doubtbeen a little confusing to some minds.
He has not always done as other financiers in
this and other countries have done. He has
not always been careful to do what is recom-
mended in the books, a standard to which
some minds invariably turn, and to which
they hold all great systems and great admin-
istrators accountable. His purpose has not
always been at once apparent. But a little
study will show us that certain rules have
been steadily observed. Amid all the stormy
fluctuations of business, of exchanges, and of
the currency, may be seen the firm, strong
outlines of the financial policy of the Treasury.
In general terms, the policy of the Adminis-
tration has been to reestablish the national
credit, and next, and largely through this, to
reduce as rapidly as possible the burdens of
the people.
But let us consider the particulars in which
this general policy has been illustrated.
1. When the present Administration came
iuto power the first maxim of its financial
policy which became apparent to us was that
of paying the national debt as rapidly as pos-
sible.
It is no part of my plan to dwell upon the
marvels which have been wrought in this re-
spect. They are printed in every paper, pro-
claimed from every rostrum, and are now very
familiar to us. That $300,000,000 of public
debt were paid between March 1, 1869, and
March 1, 18.% being $100,000,000 per annum
or eight and one third millions per month;
that the annual charge for interest was reduced
$18,000,000, and the charge per month $1,500,-
000—these facts are now so well known at
every breakfast-table that they are not even
talked about. Mr. Boutwell's monthly state-
ments no longer excite either surprise, admir-
ation, <Sr gratitude.
It seems so easy to pay the national debt
that we would all like to be Secretaries of the
Treasury ourselves. National debts naturally
do pay themselves off at the rate of eight or
ten millions per month. We know they do,
because we see it. I believe it is Bishop But-
ler who says that our idea of a law of nature
is only that of the regular recurrence of the
same event. The first time Adam saw the
sun rise he would have slight ground for be-
lieving that he would ever see it rise again.
When he saw it rise a second time, this would
produce some expectation of continuing to
witness it; and the sunrise of many successive
mornings would filially convince him that the
event occurred under the operation of natural
law. The monthly payment of the national
debt has been carried on with a steadiness
and regularity which lead us to look for its con-
tinuance with something of the same certainty,
and, I may add, indiflerence, with which we
expect the recurrence of events controlled by
a law of nature.
But I do not propose to occupy your atten-
tion with the wonderful facts connected with
the payment of the public debt, although
they constitute a conspicuous chapter in
the history of the great financial eras of the
great nations of the world. 1 wish, rather,
to notice a complaint of a very unusual kind,
which has been urged against this policy of
rapid payment. In other countries, and in
other times, great financiers have been criti-
cised because they have failed to pay any por-
tion of the principal, or even the interest, of
the public debt. Their success or failure as
officers of State has been judged by this
standard. But here the complaint has been
that the national debt has been paid too last.
We have been told that it is enough to pay
the interest, or, at most, a small portion of the
principal. We are asked, why should all this
burden fall upon this generation? Why not
leave a more generous share of it to our suc-
cessors? Let us consider what justification
can be offered by the Administration for the
urgency with which it has recommended the
payment of our indebtedness, and the assiduity
and earnestness with which it has devoted its
energies to that object. Recall for a moment
the financial situation when President Grant
was inaugurated. The national crcdit at that
time was by no means firmly established. In
Europe evil prophecies still abounded that
we could not or that we would not pay our
debts. Here, at home, ominous whispers were
heard of the advocacy of new theories of
finance equivalent to total or partial repudia-
tion. Prominent men were found—men,
strange to say, of intelligence and ability—
who favored the indefinite expansion of paper
currency for the purpose of paying at ouce the
whole or a large portion o( the public debt.
Men, whose names are historical, declared
that paper is as true a standard of vaiue as
gold or silver, and that it is so good a thing
that we cannot well have too much of it. 1
am told that a United States Senator in his
place objected to the burning of worn and
mutilated notes at the Treasury oil the ground
that it was destroying so much of the wealth
of the country.
Under these circumstances the Administra-
tion decided that the first thing to be done to
save the country from bankruptcy was to estab-
lish the confidence of the world in the good
faith of the nation.- To accomplish this result
it undertook, in the first instance, to pay the
natioual debt in good l'aith and as fast as possi-
ble ; so fast as to attract general attention -, to
make its honorable alacrity in meeting its
engagements the subject of comment at the
great commercial centers, instead of dubious
questionings of its honesty or solvency; and
for this purpose to recommend the taxing of
the people, in the beginning, almost to the
point of a grievance, as the truest economy and
the truest kindness. You know bow all this
was done with the happiest results.
The great journals of Europe, which form-
erly.spoke in disparaging terms of our finan-
cial credit, have of late expressed their as-
tonishment at what has been accomplished,
and have frankly admitted that no nation in
Europe could have borne the same strain upon
it resources without serious embarrassment.
The credit of the country has improved in a
degree most satisfactory to. a patriotic mind.
The price of our bonds in the markets of the
world has constantly advanced, and the appre-
ciation in the value of our legal-tender notes
is marked by the fall of gold from 132 to 110.
Upon this subject I quote with pleasure a
paragraph from a speech of the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
published in the Congressional Globe of Feb-
ruary 1, 1872; a .paragraph which does equal
credit to his candor and his sagacity:
" No voice on this or on the other side of the House
now demands repudiation ; all are.for a faithful dis-
charge of the public debt. The action of Congress
upon this subjeet has lifted the public credit to an
enviable position throughout the whole world. Just
before the close uf the war our Government was bor-
rowing money at twelve per eent.. Alter the peace
the ra te of interest rapidly fell to seven per cent.
In 18b9 it fell to six per cent.; in 1870 to five and a
h.ilf per ccnt., and before the end ot 1871 it fell to a
small fraction more than five per cent. The interest
upon the public debt has rapidly been going down.
I said in this House two years ago when the tunding
bill was discussed here, and when I supported the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means in spite
of some hesitancy among my friends on this side of
the House as to the propriety of lending that sup-
port—I said then that in my judgment, such was the
rising credit of the country that there would bo no
difficulty, if time could only be given, in negotiating
the whole public debt of this country at the rate of
four per cent, per annum."
The honorable gentleman perhaps would
not agree with me as to the inferences which
should be drawn from this ; but it is enough
for my present purpose that there is a sub-
stantial agreement in the facts.
With the establishment of the national
credit the necessity for so rapid reduction of
the public, indebtedness ceases, and it is now
the policy of the Administration—as I trust
it will prove to be that of the present Con
gress—to reduce taxation $50,000,000, and to
pay the national debt, hereafter, at the rate
of fifty rathergthan one hundred millions per
annum.
II. Another principle of Treasury policy with
which much fault has been found is that of
retaining a large amount of surplus gold in the
Treasury. At one time the New York Trib-
une, as often, I should say, as once_ a fort-
night, contained a sharp article complaining of
the loss of interest upon money thus hoarded,
and exhorting the Secretary to sell his gold
and redeem bonds. Not long since, the hon-
orable gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
introduced a resolution into this House request-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to disburse
a large portion of the money now in his cus-
tody. It gives us a rather comfortable feeling,
at the outsei, that we are able to furnish such
a cause for criticism as $100,000,000 of surplus
gold in the Treasury. But let us see what
good ends have been answered by this pecu-
liarity of our financial management.
1. In the first place, by keeping this large
amount of gold, the Administration has been
able to prevent or to check unprincipled spec-
ulations and conspiracies. With an irredeem-
able paper currency the money market tor the
past few years has been peculiarly exposed to
fluctuation and to panic. Dishonest men have
been disposed to take advantage of this con-
dition of our currency and of exchanges to
their own profit and to the great injury ol the
honest industries of the oountry. Conspiracies
have been formed to raise or lower the price
