I8T2?]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Maynard.
Ho. op Reps.
going table, the minority bill reduces the rates
of taxation almost twice as much as that of the
majority, [ am persuaded that the actual reve-
nues under the former would be greater than
under the latter. But why legislate upon the
tariff? Why this perpetual change of our
customs duties? What suffering interest re-
quires it? I ask my friends and associates on
the Committee of Ways and Means who has de-
manded this change in our tariff legislation?
Who has been before us making complaint?
Has anybody been heard to complain of the
duty on iron? Has anybody complained of
the duty on cotton goods? With a very un-
important exception, has anybody complained
of the duties on wool and woolens ? Has any
one been before the committee complaining of
the duty on copper ? Indeed, was not that
subject thrust before us unexpectedly just at
the close of our deliberations? Can gentlemen
point to a period when the business of the
country has been so prosperous as it is now?
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] both of them referred to the period
immediately before the war as the period of
our greatest prosperity and the era of blissful
memory. I will honor myself by incorporating
paragraphs from each in my remarks. Said
the former:
"I would have brought tariff taxation, if not
back to the average of nineteen per cent, as it was
'ft 1860 when our general prosperity was greater than
at any other period of our history, at least to twenty-
five, as it was from 1846 to 1857, which the rapidly
increasing price of labor, scarcity of materials, and
cost of articles in Europe, and especially in Great
Britain, would enable us to do."
The latter rises, borne aloft, as it might be,
by the afflatus of poetic inspiration :
"Perhaps no part of our country's history ever
presented so beautiful a picture to the whole world
as that prior to the outbreak of our civil war, when
peace and harmony reigned everywhere, when our
flag was borne all over that world, and everywhere
respected for its enterprise and power—I may
almost say, adored."
I have not forgotten those saturnian days,
when a knock down was not unknown in this
Hall, and members sat here week after week,
armed to the teeth, and deadly weapons
were exhibited in debate, and gentlemen med-
itated deadly encounter with bowie-knives.
These were merry times. It will be re-
membered that during the four years of Mr.
Buchanan's administration we were under the
operation of the tariff of March 2, 1857." The
business of the country, as shown by the
imports and exports, did not fall off, it rather
increased. But what was the condition of our
finances? The returns of those years as given
in the following table show that on the aver-
age we collected customs only a little over
$46,000,000 a year:
Customs duties collected for the four fiscal yearn pre-
vious to the tear.
1858  $41,789,620 96
1859.:  49,565,824 38
1860   53,187,511 87
186 1  39,582,125 64
Averaging $46,031,270 71.
Our expenditures averaged over sixty-six
million dollars a year. One year they exceeded
sixty-eight million dollars. So we went on,
year after year, in those "weak piping times
of peace," running constantly behind, and
borrowing money regularly to meet the cur-
rent expenses. Had there been a deliberate
purpose to destroy the public credit it could
not have been more successfully done. I
recollect that the first bill passed in this Hall
after it was occupied by the House in the
■winter of 1857—and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] who sits farthest from
me will recollect it, for he took part in the
debate—was a loan bill to pay the official sala-
ries and carry on the general business of the
Government; from that time on we borrowed
money year by year, up to the commencement
of the war; and yet we are told that this was
a singularly happy and prosperous condition
of our affairs. They who were here in the
winter of 1860-61 will remember the disas-
trous intelligence that reached us from the
great northwest. The corn crop which lavish
nature gave them in abundance lay rotting for
want of purchasers at ten cents a bushel.
On the lines of railroad it was used as fuel in
preference to wood or coal. It sounds strange,
passing strange, to hear that period referred
to as the period of our country's greatest pros-
perity. If I were to indicate any part of our
recent history as especially dark and embar-
rassed, except always the troubled and calam-
itous period from 1837 to 1842, it would be pre-
cisely the four years prior to the war. The
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Burchard,] like
some others who have spoken, seems to have
taken the amount of our foreign trade as the
measure of the country's prosperity. I do not
accept that as the true criterion. The home
trade, as it is immeasurably greater, is im-
measurably more valuable.
Our wealth, our prosperity, depend upon
what we produce. It is production, and not
trade with foreign nations, which measures
the country's financial strength. Therefore
should our legislation favor the producing
rather than the consuming classes. For while
every producer is also and very largely a con-
sumer, there is a class of consumers who pro-
duce nothing and add nothing to the wealth
of the country. Such are the people who live
on realized capital; who are engaged in ex-
changes ; who subsist by speculation, and gen-
erally all those who did not labor themselves
but live by the labor of others. When was
our production ever so great as now? When
were our financial burdens so easily borne?
At this point we are constantly met with the
decay of our commerce, the loss of our ship-
ping, as an unanswerable argument to prove
a want of prosperity in the country. My friend
from Maine [Mr. Peters] sometimes presents
a lugubrious view of that important interest.
He evidently wishes ua to think the craft is in
danger. In some localities, and in some
branches of the business, I thmk it is. Many
things have conspired to interfere with ship-
building in some portions of the country.
Ship yards once busy are now idle. Ship-
wrights, once over-worked, have been obliged
to seek other employment. As a great mari-
time people we cannot afford to let this indus-
try 'languish. Encourage it at almost any
sacrifice. Next to being without ships would
be a dependence upon other nations to supply
them to our commerce. The trade ought to
be encouraged; I am for encouraging it. The
bill before us has substantial provisions for
its encouragement.
But let me call the attention of the House
to one or two facts, that we may see just how
much our ship building has actually dimin-
ished. I have here the last returns of com-
merce and navigation, and I find that more
shipping was built in the United States during
the four years 1868,1869, 1870, and 1871, than
was built in the years 1858, 1859, 1860, and
1861.
Mr. BURCHARD. How is it with the regis
tered or foreign-built tonnage?
Mr. MAYNARD. I have the figures here
and will append them so that gentlemen may
examine. (Appendix C.) I am told that our ag-
gregate tonnage has fallen off; that ten years
ago, in 1860, our tonnage was 5,539,812.70
tons, while now it is only 4,282,607.48 tons,
or a decrease of 1,257,205.31 tons. Very
true. Where has it gone ? In the years 1862,
1863, 1864, and 1865 we sold to foreigners of
our tonnage 774,652 tons, or more than three
quarters of a million. Where is that tonnage
whose fires lighted up the Atlantic? Swept
from the seas by British rovers! now the
subject of inquiry and negotiation at Geneva.
It is easy to explain what has become of our
shipping without assuming that onr maritime
interests are going to decay. In proof that
they are not, 1 will ask gentlemen to look at
the usually dry and uninteresting and barren
figures to be found in the statistics of naviga-
tion, and see how many sailing vessels, how
many steam vessels, how many iron ships
were built during the last year, and our appre-
hension of the decay of our ship building
interests will in a good degree be mitigated.
And I venture the prediction that during the
present year there will be built in the Uuited
States more ships, larger ships, better ships,
both iron and wooden, steam and sailing,
and a greater aggregate of tonnage, than in
any previous year, unless, perhaps, during the
Crimean war, or during the rebellion, when
our ship-building was unusually prosperous.
Again, it is said that our shoe and leather
interests show a great depreciation; that our
export of boots and shoes is less than before
the war. And why? Because we can sell
them at home for better prices than we can
get abroad. Will anybody maintain for a
moment that the manufacture of boots and
shoes in this country is not far greater now
than then ? It is our production, 1 repeat once
more, that determines our prosperity, not the
amount that we may or may not send abroad.
Reckoned by the labor standard, boots and
shoes can be produced, and are produced, in
this country cheaper than in any other; that is,
the same number of hours' work will give a
greater product. Then, too, the demand is
far greater. The market value depends ujson
the relation of supply and demand, not upon
the cost price reckoned in money.
Production, not trade, is the true criterion
of national wealth. Let me illustrate by au
incident that occurred in the lobby. One of
those gentlemen who want free iron, who sre
agents of British iron, or who are. engaged in
importing foreign merchandise, met me just
outside of the door and literally pursued me
with argument—argumento eurrente, perhaps
I might call it with more pedantry than wit.
"Why," said he, "for eighty pounds ol'butterwe
can buy a ton of pig iron in Glasgow, wharena
it would take one hundred pounds of buUtt to
buy that same ton of pig iron in this country."
"Yes," said I, "my friend, that is it exactly;
you have buttered the case as I understand it.
In my portion of the country we produce both
butter and pig iron, and while we give the
butter for the pig iron we still have them both,
and they form a part of the general wealth.
But upon your theory we should send our
butter across the ocean to Glasgow and bring
back the iron, and then we would simply have
the iron, and not the butter." By such a pro-
cess of mere exchange no new value has been
created. Both articles are of the same intrin-
sic value after the exchange as before. Ware
it the case that iron could not be produced by
us, then nothing would remain but to obtain
it, either by direct or indirect exchange, where
ever we could and on the best possible terms.
So long, however, as iron is practicable by a
fair amount of labor, it is far better to make
it than to buy it. The country thereby saves
both it and the price that otherwise would be
paid for it. True, but thatwonld diminish what
is called commerce, if that is properly com-
merce which, instead of bringing the con-
sumer and producer as close as possible
together, seeks to keep them as far as possible
apart, bringing the goods to the consume!
and taking back the pay to the producer.
Carry your butter across the ocean and pay
the expense of carrying it, and bring back pig
iron and pay the expense of bringing it; pay
the shipper, the agent, the middle-man, and
the insurer, and that is called commerce ; thai
is called trade. Bring the dairy and the fur
