1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
of talking of saving money to the Treasury of
the United States at the expense of suffering
claimants upon the country is not manly, it
seems to me, when there seems to be no special
scruple about spending large sums in other
directions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When did the hus-
band of the petitioner die?
Mr. MOORE. He died in 1827, in the ser-
vice of the United States as a master com-
mandant of the Navy.
Mr. WHEELER. The chairman of the
committee will allow me to make one remark.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the manifest distinction between this case and
the cases cited by the gentleman from Ohio.
This is a claim for a naval pension. It is a
claim to be paid out of a fund which officers
of the Navy themselves fornjed by their own
contributions, amounting to several million
dollars, which have been covered into the
Treasury. This lady, I hold, has an equitable
claim to relief from this fund. It is not sim-
ilar to the cases referred to by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Will the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions [Mr. Moore] yield to me for a few
minutes?
Mr. MOORE. Certainly.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
call the attention of the House to the excep-
tional character of the legislation proposed by
this bill. This is the only case within my
knowledge where it has been proposed to grant
a pension to a widow who has remarried, and
who did not make an application for a pension
until the death of her second husband. Now,
the chairmain of the committee, [Mr. Moore,]
and my colleagues on the committee, will bear
me witness that I have dealt-most leniently
and generously with the applicants for pen-
sions. But, as a Representative here of the
people, I owe a duty to the tax-payers of this
country, and that duty is to see that there shall
be some reasonable limit placed by Congress
on the passage of pension bills.
In this case the widow remarried, with
the law before her at the time, with the knowl-
edge that her act would deprive her of ob-
taining a pension ; and she lived several years
with her second husband ; then, some time
after his death, she comes to" Congress and
asks for a pension. It is the only case, out of
thousands and thousands and tens of thousands
of widows in the country who have remarried,
that has ever been brought here. I think I may
say that this bill never would have passed
the committee, never would have been recom-
mended by the cominitteo, unless it had been
upon the express understanding and promise
of the chairman that a statement of the facts
would be made to the House, and the bill sub-
mitted upon its merits.
The legislation proposed by this bill is dan-
gerous, is exceptional; it opens the door of
the national Treasury, and no man upon this
floor can tell to what extent". For these rea-
"sons, with every disposition to deal generously
with the widows and soldiers of the country,
I feel it my solemn duty to the tax-payers of
the nation to oppose the passage of this bill.
Mr. KERR. I wish the gentleman would
State to the House whether in this claim there
are any extraordinary circumstances in favor
of this applicant?
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, There are
none. On the contrary, the longlapse of time,
and the high position which the former husband
of the widow occupied in the Navy, go to show
that she has been in comfortable circum-
stances, and that there has been no pressing
necessity whatever for this application. If this
bill shall pass, this widow will get a pension of
twenty-five dollars a month, and yet she has not
asked for it for many long years.
Mr. MOORE. The statement of the gen-
tleman in regard to the circumstances of this
applicant is absolutely incorrect. The testi-
mony in the case is tliat she is poor, and is
subsisting upon the help of others. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in his statement.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. She may be
poor now. There are thousands and tens of
thousands of poor widows in this land who,
if the granting of pensions is based upon the
circumstance of their poverty, have just as
high a claim for pensions as this widow. If
widows who remarry are to have pensions,
there should be a general bill passed, and
Congress should not make flesh of one and
fish of another. Justice requires that they
should all be treated alike.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Moore] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. MOORE. I will do so.
Mr. WOOD. I am very glad of this discus-
sion, and only hope that good may come of it,
not only in reference to this particular case,
the merits of which Iknow nothingabout, but
also that it may effect a reform of this whole
question. I hold in my hand a communication
.from the representatives of the widows of sol-
diers of the war of 1812 in the eit.y of New
York, which I desire to have read by the
Clerk, as it is directly pertinent to the subject
raised by this discussion,
Mr. MOORE. I do not know that I can
yield to have that road.
Mr. WOOD. It will take buta moment. I
want the House to understand exactly the
position of this question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Dear Sir: The undersigned, vetorans of tho war
of 1812, and claim agents for the old soldiers and
widows of such, beg leave to call your attention k>
the pension act passed by Congress .February 14, 1871.
The third section of' the law bears very hard on these
poor old widows, whoso ages ure generally over
eighty yeais. The idea that theso old people would
perjure themselves for the sake of eight dollars per
month, only in prospective, is rather ridiculous. We
make out their claims, they prove their identity by
two witnesses who knew thorn as the widows of the
soldiers they represent; they sign the claim and
swear to it before a court of records, as required by
law. This is not sufficient for the Commissioner of
Pensions. IIo demands such evidence asit is almost
impossible lor one out of one hundred to give. We
herewith inclose the circular, that you may sec its ab-
surdity in widows' cases. We would most respect-
fully ask your honorable interference in behalf of
these old widows, and endeavor to have tho law
modified in such a way as will give these old ladies
a chance to get their pensions under the bounty land
act of 1855. The Commissioner of Pensions decided
that two witnesses who knew them living together
for the longest number of years as husband and wite,
and of good repute as such in tho community, was
sufficient evidence to proeuro a land warrant, and
we should think that is all that ought to be required
of them to obtain their pensions. Tn^ the hope you
will take this matter into serious confederation, and
endeavor to have the law modified so as to give them
a chance to spend a little of Uncle Sam's money in
their fast declining years, wo subsenbo ourselves,
Yours, respectfully,
(ieneral 11. RAYMOND,
Colonel ABRAHAM! DALLY,
No. i City Hall Place, JVcta York Oil]].
Hon. Feiixanlio Wood, Member of Congress.
Department op the Interior, Pension Office,
Washington, 1>. 0., July 7,1871.
Gentlemen: In tho claim ofCatharino Yurcks,
for a widow's pension, under act of February 14,
1871, No. 859, proof of hor marriage to tlio soldier
prior to February 17, 1815, is required. You are in-
formed that proof upon this point is of value in the
tollowing order:
1. A certified copy of a church or other public
record.
2. An affidavit of the officiating clergyman or
magistrate.
3. The testimony of two or more eyo witnesses of
the ceremony.
4. Tho testimony of two or more witnesses who
know the parties to have lived together as husband
and wife from tho date of their alleged marriage,
tho witnesses stating tlio period during which they
knew them thus to cohabit.
Before any of the lower classes of evidence can be
accepted, it must be shown by competent testimony
that none higher can be obtained.
Return this circular with the evidence.
Very respectfully, . .
J. JI. HAIDER, Commissioner.
Daniel E. Grocx & Co., Present.
Mr. WOOD. Under the Commissioner's
construction of the law, those aged women are
required to produce evidence of their marriage,
which in many instances took place fifty or
sixty years ago ; consequently the evidence can-
not be procured ; and these poor old women
are allowed to die in poverty and want in con-
sequence, either of a defect in the law or a
misconstruction of it by the Commissioner. I
call the attention of the chairman of the com-
mittee to this matter, expressing the hope
that he will at an early day report a bill which
will give all these widows an opportunity to
receive the bounty to which, they are entitled
under the law.
Mr. MOORE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I agree with
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Speer,] so far as his remarks are
applicable to Army pensions. But, sir, this is
a naval pension, and stands in an entirely differ-
ent category from Army pensions. The naval
pension fund belongs to tho officers and seamen
of til e Navy and their survivors. 11 was i n vested
for their benefit in United States bonds ; and a
great wrong was done to that fund when in
July, 18G8, the interest was cut down from six
per cent, annually in gold to three per cent.
But., sir, that fund belongs to the officers and
seamen of the Navy and their widows by virtue
of captures made by the Navy during the late
war. The fund is pledged to them by statute
after statute. There is a regulation in the Navy
that the law so pledging it be read on board our
ships every month to the officers and seamen,
iti order to stimulate them to proper exertions
in behalf of their country.
Now, this fund belonging to them, and there
really being a surplus of interest on the fund,
this widow, as well as all other widows of naval
officers and seamen of the United States, ought
to be paid her pension. 1, trust that before
this Congress adjourns it will do an act of jus-
tice by restoring to this fund the interest which
properly belongs to it—six per cent, in gold.
Mr. MOORE. 1 now yield to the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird.]
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, there is a prin-
ciple involved in this bill which neither money
nor any other consideration should at all influ-
ence or interfere with. It matters not what
the wealth of the naval fund maybe. Undoubt-
edly this great Government has control of a
sufficient amount of taxable property to raise
a fund for poor suffering widows if they need
it. That, therefore, is not the consideration.
If this class of females deserve any consider-
ation at our hands, let us raise the necessary
funds; let us place in the Treasury that where-
with their necessities may ever be answered.
But as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
fif.ld] has suggested, the important question
for our consideration is, shall we open this
door, which will, to a great extent, exhaust the
Treasury, and that very rapidly? I have now
been upon the Committee on Invalid Pensions
for two years; and I know that a very great
many cases of this character are constantly
being pressed. This very committee is now
about to report adversely upon the case of Ida
Richardson, a poor washerwoman of (he sev-
enth congressional district of Indiana, for whose
relief a bill was introduced by the gentleman
from that district, [Mr. Mankon.] The com-
mittee propose to report adversely upon her
case because, forsooth, with the law before her,
she remarried, as did the widow who is to be
benefited by the pending bill. What is the
difference between the two cases? Both are
widows, and both have remarried with the law
staring them in the face, and declaring that
thereby they forfeit their pensions and all claim
to a pension thereafter. I have as much sym-
pathy for this class as have any others, perhaps
more than many ; and if the House should see
fit to pass favorably upon this case, I shall
speedily notify all those against whom I have
made adverse reports to come I<ire with their
applications for pensions, and I shall urge that
they be allowed.
Mr. ARCHER. The difference between this
case and that spoken of by the gentleman from
