13&6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
March 1,
The amendment was agreed to; and the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr._ DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert ii'keb.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that the
same do pass, House bill No. 861, directing
the payment to Robert McKee of pay, allow-
ances, and bounty now withheld from him.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates a
sum of money to pay Robert McKee, late a
private in company F, forty-third Wisconsin
volunteer infantry, an amount equal to the pay,
allowances, and bounty to which he would
have been entitled had he been on active duty
the whole time he was borne on the rolls of
said company, said pay and allowances now
being withheld from him upon an erroneous
allegation of fraud in procuring his enlistment
into and retention in the military service of
the United States, the said sum to be ascer-
tained and adjusted by the Second Auditor of
the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. _DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sam 01' united states property.
Mr. COBURN. I want to call the attention
of the House to a bill that went through by
mistake, and I ask unanimous consent that
the error may be corrected. The bill to which
I refer is the bill (II. R. No. 610) authorizing
the sale of certain arsenals and other property
of the United States. The bill, as printed and
passed, provides for the sale of all the arsenals
in the United States. So broad a provision
was not intended to be passed; it was the in-
tention to strike out a part of the printed bill.
When I heard the bill read it struck me that
it was in a totally incorrect form; but before I
could refer to the bill on the files the thing had
gone through. I ask that the passage of the
bill may be reconsidered, and that the bill may
be recommitted.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
that can be done. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it will be so ordered.
samuel hitchcock.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 1779) for the relief of Samuel Hitchcock;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to
cause to be paid to Samuel Hitchcock, of Illi-
nois, who was commissioned and served as a
second lieutenant in company B, thirty-sixth
regiment Illinois volunteers, the pay and allow-
ances of a second lieutenant for such time as
he actually served as a lieutenant or wa3 a
prisoner in the hands of the enemy after hav-
ing so served, deducting therefrom whatever
pay he received as a sergeant for the same
period; and the said payment is to be made
from any money appropriated for the pay of
the Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
eliza webb.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, with
a recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 1780) for the relief of Eliza Webb; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department to pay, out
of any money in the Treasury appropriated
for the payment of back pay and bounty to
volunteers, to Eliza Webb, widow of Daniel
S. Webb, late a private in company G, eighth
regiment Tennessee cavalry, the pay and
bounty she would have received had her hus-
band been mustered into service prior to his
capture and death while a prisoner; provided
that proper proof shall be made of his enlist-
ment, capture, and death.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william s. johnson.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, a bill
(H. R. No. 668) for the relief of William S.
Johnson; which was laid on the table.
useless military reservations.
Mr. TERRY reported back from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with a recommeuda-
that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1303) to amend
the first section of an act entitled "An act to
provide for the disposition of useless military
reservations," approved February 24, 1871.
The bill provides that the first section of an
act entitled "An act to provide for the disposi-
tion ofuselessmilitaryresorvations," approved
February 24, 1871, bo amended by adding
thereto the following proviso:
And provided farther, That upon payment of the
appraised valuo by John 0. Smith or his heirs, a
patont shall bo issued to said Smith or his heirs for
so muchi of the military hay reserve of Fort Walla-
Walla. Washington Territory, as is embraced in the
north half of section twenty-six. township number
f'Knt north, of range number thirty-five east of the
Wulamette meridian, so soon after such payment as
the said Smith shall prove to the satisfaction of the
register and the receiver of the proper land office
that he was m the lawful possession of said land
under the preemption laws of the United States at
tho time said land was taken by the military author-
lties for a hay reserve as aforesaid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. TERRY, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases;
and the same were severally laid on the table:
The petition of Edward Powers, civil
engineer,*
'lhe bill (H. R. No. 740) for the relief of P.
E. Dye, of Polk county, Iowa;
The petition, with accompanying papers, of
Captain Paul Sturm, company H, first Ten-
nessee volunteer cavalry, praying to be paid
for his actual services ;
The petition of William Buck, for compen-
sation for property lost in the service of the
united States; and
The bill (H. R. No. 750) for the relief of
George W. Burchard.
gifts os condemned ordnance.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1781) authorizing
the Secretary of War to deliver condemned
ordnance to certain soldiers' monumental
associations ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to deliver, if the same can be
done without detriment to the Government,
four condemned cannon and sixteen cannon-
balls for the purpose of ornamenting the
grounds surrounding soldiers' monuments to
each of the following associations: to the
Jefferson County (Ohio) Monumental Asso-
ciation; to the Washington County (Pennsyl-
vania) Monument Association; to the Sol-
diers'. Monument Association at Cortland
village, New York; to the Hancock Coutlty
(Ohio) Soldiers' Monumental Association; to
the Soldier' Monument Association at Green-
castle, Indiana; to the Buchanan County
(Iowa) Soldiers' Monument Association^ to
the Youngstown (Ohio) Soldiers' Monument
Association; and a like number to the super-
intendent of the national cemetery at Ander-
sonville, Georgia, to be placed in said cem-
etery.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Donnan] to permit me to
offer an amendment to introduce another
monument association.
Mr. DONNAN. I cannot do so, this being
the bill which I am authorized by the commit-
tee to report. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
session os saturday.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to yield to me a moment, that I may move
an adjournment over.
Mr. DONNAN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day next. '
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. HolmaN]
that several gentlemen have submitted,to him
a request that an arrangement shall be made
for a session to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to
that, and will modify my motion so as to pro-
vide for a session on Saturday for debate only.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] asks that the session
of to-morrow be for debate only, no business
whatever to be transacted.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
order just made; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. Ii. No.
1782) in relation to bounties; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. STOUGHTON. A large number of
private cases have been before the Committee
on Military Affairs of the same nature as what
has been know as the Supreme Court case.
While there is no doubt that bounties in those
cases are due, the Department cannot pay
them. _ The bill now reported from the com-
mittee is a general bill, applying to those eases.
The bill was read. It provides that every
volunteer, non-commissioned officer, private,
musician, and artificer who enlisted into the
military service of the United States prior to
July 22, 1861, under the proclamation of the
President of the United States, of May 3,
1861, and the orders of the War Department
issued in pursuance thereof, and was actually
mustered into any regiment, company, or bat-
tery which was accepted by the War Depart-
