3128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
respect. We know that of the great fleet of
steamers plying between the port of New York
and ports in Europe, one hundred or one hun-
dred and fifteen in number, a large majority,
probably three fourths, are iron. Among
them are some of the fleetest steamers 011 the
ocean, whether you speak of war steamers or
merchant steamers. Of course if there is any-
thing in the difficulty suggested as to the
greater foulingof iron ships in the Pacificocean
than in the Atlantic ocean, that ought to be
understood now. I should like to hear some
Senator on that subject who is better informed
than I can claim to be.
Mr. CORBRTT. In answer to the Senator
from California I will simply say that the other
day I stated what I had been informed of, I
suppose reliably, that the waters of the Pa-
cific being so much warmer than those of the
Atlantic the iron ships foul there more readily,
and itisimpracticableto use them ; that in those
warm waters where they have been used it has
proven so. I am told that lines to which Eng-
land pays a large amount of money in the East
India trade have made large offers for a paint
that will act the same as the oxidation of the
copper, so as to peel off the fouling that col-
lects on the ship's bottom. They had nearly,
as they supposed, accomplished that, so that
the paint peeled off and the foul left the ship ;
but it commenced at once to fall away, the
paint all peeled off, and consequently the thing
became worse than ever. It was therefore
found impracticable, and hence vessels to run
in these seas must be coppered, because the
gathering of the oxidation from the copper
peels off the foul matter as soon as it rises to
any extent, thereby leaving the ship clear.
The difference between the Atlantic and
Pacific is that the greater friction upon the
Atlantic, it being more stormy and the waters
more cold, this foul matter does not gather to
the same extent that it does upon the Pacific.
That I have been informed is the case, and I
suppose it to be a correct statement of the
facis.
Mr. BAYARD. I beg to make a contribu-
tion to this question, rather against the theory
of my honorable friend from Oregon. Almost
all the steamships that run between Panama
and San Francisco, that ply in the Pacific
waters, were built at Wilmington, Delaware;
they are iron ships, and no such trouble has
been found, at least none sufficient to over-
come the superior advantages of material giv-
ing the light draught in the waters of the Pacific,
where it is almost a necessity. Although there
may be something in the southern seas which
may make wood preferable to iron for the
trauspoitation of fiuits and such matters, and
although it may be true that the iron may foul
more quickly than wood, yet nevertheless it
can be cleaned. The presence of a ship in a
fresh-water creek or river for even a few hours
is sufficient entirely to kill this crustaceous
formation and to rid the ship entirely of it.
Indeed, one of the great advantages of iron
ships over wooden ships is that they escape
the vast expense of coppering or painting,
both of which are avoided in a great measure
by the use of zinc paint, as I am told, a very
abundant material in this count.rv, which al-
most obviates any difficulty with crustaceous
formations upon iron rather than upon wood.
I know the fact that the very practical men
who are engaged in the lines of steamers in
the Gulf of Mexico, and on the southern side
of Mexico in the Pacific, continue to give the
preference largely to iron-built ships. There-
fore, in the amendment which the Senate has
already signified its assent to informally thus
far, I think there is everything that is reason-
able, and that no one contemplating the crea-
tion of a line of mail steamers of tins magni-
tude should hesitate to adopt the material ol
iron in preference to wood.
Mr. WISDOM. I am not able to theorize
On this subject, for I know very little about it,
but several questions were suggested the other
day when this amendment was under considera-
tion, and I addressed a note to Mr. Richard
B. Irvin, who has for several years had charge
of the affairs of this company at San Francisco,
asking among other questions one with refer-
ence to this point, and I will read you the
answer:
"AU our new ships wilf be iron propeilers of not
less than five thousand tons register."
Upon that I feel justified in accepting the
amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I withdraw any objection
to the amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. I think the Senator from
Oregon must have been misinformed in some
respects in relation to the subject-matter, for
I understand that all the steamships that trade
from England to Australia and China are built
of iron; and we have heard no complaint
against those ships.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment, offered by the Senator from
Maryland to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am satisfied that so far
as the objection of the Senator from Oregon
is concerned it can scarcely be considered as
well founded. I do not think he is at all cor-
rect in supposing that the waters of the Pacific
on the route over which these ships have to run
are warmer than those of the Atlantic. So
far as our coast is concerned, and for a great
many miles beyond it, there is 110 doubt that,
taking the average temperature summer and
winter, they are fully as cool as the waters of
the Atlantic. They are much colder in sum-
mer than those of the Atlantic.
Then the Senator from Maryland who last
spoke suggested a well-known fact, which is
pretty nearly conclusive on this subject. He
referred to the fact that the large lines of
English steamers running into the China seas
and between England and Point de Galle are
all of iron. Those steamers, of course, have
to pass through the tropics at least twice on
each round trip. If they have found no diffi-
culty in regard to the use of iron as a material
for ship-building, I do notthmk any can apply
in regard to the steamers on our China line ;
therefore I withdraw my demand for a division.
Mr. CORBETT. I may have been misin-
formed. I simply gave the information as it
was given to me by persons interested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, requiring the ships to be constructed
of iron, to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw the call for
a division. I believe I was the only one who
made it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
amendmentto theamendment has been agreed
to ; and the question recurs on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am satis-
fied in my own mind that these ships will be
put 011 this line if this increase of subsidy shall
not occur.
The honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr.
KellstJ a day or two since caused to be read
the published notice of the company that they
would put 011 semi-monthly service beginning
on the 15th of May. I have in my hand a
copy of the Commercial Herald, a paper
which purports to be published in Sail Fran-
cisco, of the date of April 19, in which I find,
under the head of "review of the market,"
statements which would seem to corroborate
the allegations of the published notice of the
company. Here is one statement:
"We have official authority for stating that the
1 acino iuail Steamship Company will, on the 18th
May, oesin their semi-monthly mail service to
China and Japan."
I do not know how credible this paper is ; I
do not know how reliable its market news may
be; but here is a broad statement that they
have official 
Mr. COLE. Read the next sentence.
Mr. HARLAN. I will do that presently. I
will read the whole paragraph :
"We have official authority for stating that the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company will, on the 18th
May. begin their semi-month lyinail service to China
and Japan, relying with confidence upon the Gov-
ernment to pay the increased subsidy required for
so important a service to the country at large. The
fact is, the growing business between here and ports
in China and Japan absolutely demands a fortnightly
steam communication, and unless promptly fur-
nished by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, the
tea trade must seek other and less desirable channels.
Nothing definite is yet known in regard to a tri-
monthly steam service to and from New York via
Panama and way ports, as reported, but it is very
clear that the growing trade-wants of the coast
require it speedily."
Now, Mr. President, if this is a reliable
publication, it is very clear that this company
decided to put on this additional service, and
to begin on the 15th or 18th day of this month.
It is also clear that they were not depending,
wholly at least, on receiving this increased
subsidy a sa condition-precedent. It is clear to
my mind that the ships are already built, for
ships of five thousand tous burden could not
have been built between the two dates. It is
also clear to my mind that they are about to put
on these ships because, in their opinion, the
commercial wants of the country require them ;
that is to say, it will be a service that will pay
the owners of the ships; for in connection with
their statement in relation to the direct line
across the Pacific they say that the commercial
wants of the coast are such as to require an
additional service from San Francisco to the
Isthmus, and also the connecting link from the
Isthmus to New York. I know that newspaper
statements are not always absolutely reliable.
The Senators who represent that part of our
country will know more about the credibility
of this paper than I know.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Iowa to read the last sentence of that article
again about the Panama line. I did not quite
catch it.
Mr. HARLAN. "Nothing definite is yet
known in regard to a tri-monthly steam ser-
vice to and from New York via Panama and
way ports, as reported, but it is very clear that
the growing trade-wants of the coast require
it speedily.''
1 draw this conclusion from these state-
ments : that the increased commercial demands
of the country require an increased steamship
service ; that this company decided to put on
the additional ships; that they expected to
receive remuneration from this as a legitimate
commercial business; that they have already
procured the ships; that they designed to put
them on upon the 15th of this month; but
have concluded that they will apply for a sub-
sidy and secure that if they can. As I re-
marked a day or two since, I have no criti-
cism to make on this action of the company,
this temporary delay, and their desire to in-
crease the profits of their business by an
enlarged subsidy ; but it does seem to me that
these facts, which thus crop out unsought, are
sufficient to justify the Senate in refusing to
enlarge the subsidy.
There is another consideration that induces
me to draw this conclusion. If it is necessary
I will move an amendment in order to speak
three or four minutes longer, as I see my
time is about out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
appeals for an extension of time.
Mr. ttlNDOM. I must object.
Mr. HARLAN. I will move to amend the
amendment if it becomes necessary, but I
would prefer not to resort to these parliament-
ary tactics in order to obtain three or four
minutes of time.
Mr. WINDOM. If it is only three or four
minutes I will not object: but I give notice
