2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
of gold by terrorism and falsehood. It has
not been the policy of the Administration to
force the price of gold up or down, but to see
to it that it should be left free to follow with-
out disturbance the natural laws of trade.
Hence, it has been prepared to put down those
unlawful combinations of speculators who seek
profit from the misfortunes of their fellow-
creatures. Generally, the mere knowledge of
the fact that the Administration has such an
immense gold reserve at command has been
sufficient to prevent such conspiracies; but
there have been a few cases in which a slight
interference on the part of the Government
has been attended with the most beneficent
results, and hag been sufficient to show the
unspeakable importance of the gold reserve as
a means of keeping the business of the coun-
try in a natural and healthy condition.
The 24tli of September, I860, known as
" Black Friday," is remarkable in our history
as having witnessed the culmination and col-
lapse of one of the most infamous and danger-
ous conspiracies ever formed by wicked men.
The price of gold was raised in two or three
hours on the morning of that day from 143 to 102.
Half the business men of New York saw ruin
before them. Strong men turned white with ter-
ror, as they stood in the gold-room and heard the
bids growing ever louder and higher. No one
can say where this would have ended short of
general ruin. There was only one power in
the land that could certainly calm this mad-
ness, and that power lay in the surplus gold
in the vaults of the Treasury. The following
passage was read by Mr. Hodgokin, of New
York, in his testimony before the committee
which conducted the Gold Panic Investigation,
as descriptive of the effect which was produced
when this power made its voice heard:
"New men, wild with fresh excitement, crowded
to the barriers. In an instant the rumor was abroad,
the Treasury is selling. Quick as thought men real-
ized that it was not sate to sell to the clique brokers.
Scarcely any one now wanted to buy. All who had
bought were mad to sell at any price, but there were
no buyers. In less time than it takes to write about
it the price fell from 162 to 135."
_A few days later business was again begin-
ning to flow in its natural channels. Alter
all, the Government sold only $'2,000,000 in
gold. Surprise has been expressed that the
sale of so small an amount should have pro-
duced such important consequences. The
explanation is evident from the testimony of
several gentlemen at the investigation of which
I have spoken. It was not the amount of gold
sold by the Government so much aa the amount
which it was in its power to self which crushed
the conspiracy. I quote a few sentences from
the testimony of James Fisk, jr. :
"Question. Why did the price break down that
day'!
"Answer. On account of this sale by the Govern-
ment.
" Question. Diditnot breakdown before the orders
to soil were known ?
" Answer. Not before they were known.
" Question. At what time in the day did the break
occur ?
" Answer. I should think at half past eleven."
* * i * « -e *
" Question Why would the sale of four millions of
gold break down the market?
" Answer. It would break our corner.
"Question. The 'longs,' then, wore not so strong
but that four millions would break them?
"Answer. It would when they knew the Govern-
ment had eighty oi ninety millions right behind it.
The theory was adopted in a moment that the Gov-
ernment had made up its mind to break up this
eliijue. They gave real gold, that took tile money to
pay for it every time."
We have another example of the wholesome
exercise of this power in the case of the Chi-
cago fire. That great calamity occurred on
the 7th, 8th, and 9th of October last. Imme-
diately afterward the insurance companies all
over the country began selling their securities
to meet their engagements. A large amount
of United States bonds was thus thrown upon
the market, with a tendency to decreasing
prices. The demand for money was greatly
increased, 'lhere was danger of a panic, and
oi conspiracies founded upon panic. But when
it was found that the Secretary of the Treasury
was prepared to purchase bonds beyond what
had been advertised at the beginning of the
month to such an amount as might be neces-
sary to furnish the market with currency and
protect the business of the country from in-
jury, confidence was at once restored. It may
be said that this is a case of buying bonds and
not of selling gold. The reply is obvious.
The power to buy bonds is dependent upon
having gold in the Treasury to buy them with.
On the whole it is difficult to see how the
immense business of the country could be
carried on iu safety, in the present state of
our currency, without a large gold reserve in
the Treasury.
2. Again, with this reserve., the Govern-
ment is at all times ready'to resume specie
payments. We all hope to see resumption at
no distant day, whether its return be encour-
aged by legislation, or whether it be left to be
brought about by the gradual enhancement of
the value of our legal-tender notes through
the wise administration of the Treasury, and
the increasing demand for currency from the
ever-growing and extendiug business of the
country. But whenever resumption comes, it
is indispensable that the Government should
be able to take its share in it without hesita-
tion and without difficulty. If the Govern-
ment should then be compelled to buy large
quantities of gold to meet its engagements,
this very effort would raise the price and de-
feat the whole object to be accomplished.
But, with its present large reserve, it will be
able, when the proper time arrives, to take
the lead in restoring our currency to the only
solid and reliable basis.
3. The large surplus of gold has greatly
aided in supporting the national credit Such
an immense reserve in the Treasury of a coun-
try so greatly in debt is a kind of financial
miracle. The ministers of finance in the great
countries of Europe that are burdened with a
great national debt are compelled year after
year to report a deficit. In'America the press
attacks our Secretary of the Treasury because
he has such a magnificent surplus. The favor-
able influence of this upon our credit becomes
evident by a reference to the Bank of England.
I was so situated for some years of my life
that I was a constant reader of the London
Times, and an occasional reader of journals
of the other great capitals of Europe. My
attention was often drawn to the watchful inter-
est manifested in all the great money centers
of Europe in any change in the amount of gold
retained in the vaults of the Bank of England.
The condition of the bank in this respect is
constantly made known, and there is not a
town of any importance upon the Continent
whose business is not affected by the announce-
ment. The trade of Europe is anchored in
the vaults of the Bank of England, and when
it loses its hold there, it has neither safety nor
stability. I have no wish to see such an insti-
tution as the Bank of England established in
this country, but there can be no doubt that
some of the best uses of such an institution
have been answered by our Treasury with its
gold reserve. It lias been impossible to regard
a country as poor or as in danger of repudia-
tion with such immense assets, and it has no
doubt been in part due to these that the credit
of the country has been improved, and the
value of its bonds and legal-tender notes has
steadily appreciated.
The gold retained in the Treasury may
no doubt, hereafter, be much diminished in
amount, but until specie payments are re-
sumed and fully established, it will not be
safe to wholly dispense with it.
III. I notice next two features in the policy
of the Secretary of the Treasury with which
some fau't has been found," but which seem to
rae plainly wise and useful.
It is his habit to advertise on the first of
each month the days when gold will be sold
and bonds bougiit, and the amount of each.
To the plan thus announced he adheres unless
some unforeseen emergency makes it neces-
sary to depart from it. This course is objected
to on the ground that it is not a business-like
proceeding. It is said that an intelligent man
in managing his own affairs would transact his
business privately, and would not invite oppo-
sition or competition by giving notice of his
plans. This view is specially urged by the
honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] in the minority report of the Committee
on the Gold Panic; and the course of the
present Secretary in this respect is unfavor-
ably contrasted with that of his predecessor
in office.
But I must think that these criticisms spring
from a misunderstanding of what is the object
and what should be the object of the Secretary
in these transactions. A private citizen does
not hesitate to take advantage of any compli-
cations in the money market for his own profit,
and without any special regard to the interests
of others. But it is neither right nor prudent
for the Government to take such advantage.
Only some unworthy and temporary profit
could be derived from such expedients. On
the whole, that which is best for the people
will soonest replenish the Treasury. • That
financial policy which leaves the course of
business freest from obstruction, and thus
invites returning prosperity to all our indus-
tries, is most profitable for the Government.
I might add, that were the purchases and
sales of the Government made privately they
would necessarily be known beforehand to a
few brokers, who would be tempted to make
a profitable investment of the information
they possessed, and whose proceedings would
be the subject of endless scandal, and the
occasion for the appointment, on the part of
Congress, of endless committees of investiga-
tion. The perfectly open and public method
adopted by the Secretary must commend itself
to our judgment as much the most suitable to
the character of a high officer of State.
Again, it has been asked, why does not the
Secretary of the Treasury buy bonds directly
with gold, rather than sell the gold and buy
bonds with the currency received for it? As
he has himself given the reasons for his course
in this particular in his testimony before the
Committee upon the Gold Panic, I cannot do
better than to quote his statement:
" Question. State whether the policy has been
urged on you of purchasing bonds directly in gold,
instead of in currency.
"Answer. Yes, it has been presented to me; I will
not say that it was urged upon me.
" Question. What, in your judgment, would have
been the effect of such proceeding on the gold mar-
ket and on the bond market?
"Answer. Before I commenced the purchase of
bonds, 1 considered the matter, and there were rea-
sons satisfactory to me in favor of the course which I
took as against the proposition to purchase directly
with coin. One of those reasons was that the transac-
tions would be limited. If we offered coin for bonds,
we should offer coin to those only who had bonds,
or who could getthem; but if we offered coin for cur-
rency, we ottered it on the faee of things to a larger
number of people. If a man could not get coin out
of the Treasury except by first getting bonds, it
would lead to business difficulties in the way of
merchants and others who might want to buy gold
to pay duties, or for other legitimate purposes. They
would be obliged first to buy bonds. It would place
a monopoly in the purchase of gold in the hands of
men who owned or who could purchase bonds. I
thought that a serious objection to the proposition.
In addition to that, at some seasons of the year our
receipts of currency from ordinary sources are )c-s
than our currency expenditures; while at other sea-
sons of the year the currency receipts are consid-
erably in excess of the currency expenditures. By
selling coin for currency, I can arrange the condition
of the Treasury without going into the market, and
ostensibly or openly selling coin for the purpose of
raising currency to meet the ordinary currency ex-
penditures of the Government. It enables the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to have command, not only
of the gold balance in the Treasury, but also to make
his currency balance meet the existing condition of
tilings. For instance, this month I have advertised
tho sale of four millions of coin, and propose to buy
only two millions of bonds for the sinking fund.
-N ear the end of this month we shall be obliged to
advance several millions ot currency for pensions,
due on tne 4th of March. We shall have to trans-
mit currency to distant parts oi the country. I
tucreioro anticipate, unless the receipts from in-
ternal rovenue are very large, that oar cuireucy
