440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
New Jersey [Mr. Bird] can be very clearly
illustrated by reading a few lines from the act
of 1709, regulating these naval pensions—an
act which is still in force.
I will read first from the law approved March
2, 1799:
"Sec. 9. That all the money accruing, or which
has already accrued, from the sale of prizes, shall
be and remain forever a fund for the payment of the
half pay to the officers and seamen who may be en-
titled to receive the same ; and if the said fund shall
be insufficient for this purpose, the public faith is
hereby pledged to make up the deficiency; but if it
should be more than sufficient, tho surplus shall be
applied, as Congress may hereafter direct by law, to
the making of further provision for the comfort of
the disabled officers, seamen, and marines, and for
such as may not be disabled, who may merit by
their bravery, or their long and faithful services,
the gratitude ol their country.
"Sec, 10. That the said fund shall be-under tho
management and direction of tho Secretary of the
Navy, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Sec-
retary of War, for the time being, who are hereby
authorized to receive all such sums as the United
States maybe entitled to from the sale of prizes, and
to invest the same, and the interest arising there-
from, in such of the six per cent, or other stock of
the United States, as a majority of them from time
to time shall determine to bethemost advantageous;
and it shall be the duty of the said commissioners to
lay before Congress every year, in tho first week of
their annual meeting, a minute and correct state-
ment of their proceedings in relation to the manage-
ment of said fund,'1
A resolution regulating the investment of
the naval pension fund, approved July 1, 1864,
is in these words :
" That the Secretary of the Navy, as trustee of the
naval pension fund, be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to cause to be invested in the registered
securities of the United States, on the 1st day of
January and the 1st day of July of each year, so
much of the said fund then in the Treasury of the
United States as may not be required for the pay-
mcntof naval pensions for the then current fiscal
year; and, upon the requisition of the said Secre-
tary, so much of the said fund as may be not required
for such payment of pensions accruing during the
current fiscal year shall be held in tho Treasury on
the days aforesaid in each year subject to his order
for the purpose of sneh immediate investment:
and the interest, payable in coin, upon the said
securities in which the said fnnd shall be invested,
shall bo so paid when due to the order of tho Secre-
tary of the Navy, and he is hereby authorized and
directed to exchange the amount of such interest,
when paid in coin, for so much of the legal currcncy
of the United States as may be obtained therefor at
the current rates of premium on gold, and to deposit
tho said interest so converted in the Treasury to the
crcdit of tho said naval pension fund: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to interfere with the payment of naval pensions
under the supervision of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior as now regulated by law."
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
a moment.
Mr. MOORE. I cannot yield further, I
have but one word more to say. It has been
repeated so often that this opens a new door
I atn compelled to say it is not true. Gentle-
men are mistaken in this regard. Pensions,
under peculiarly distressing circumstances,
have been granted before. When the first one
was granted was the time to talk about open-
ing the door. Every door has been opened.
Because a washerwoman cannot bring any
proof in reference to her case, which will
justify ns in introducing a bill for her relief,
is no reason why the Committee on Invalid
Pensions should not allow a bill for the relief
of some other woman who is not a washer-
woman. This is an aged woman, who is now
living upon the charity of other people. If
this House grants her a pension, it will be
for a few years only. She raised her family
under difficult circumstances. She labored
faithfully to educate them. She was the wife
of a gallant soldier who died in the service of
the country. It is a small thing she asks at
the harids of the House. This bill passed last
Congress under the supervision of Mr. Ben-
jamin, of Missouri, the chairman of a com-
mittee never suspected of being too liberal in
granting pensions. It went to the other House,
but failed to be acted on. It was re-referred
at this session, and we could not be less liberal
than the committee complained of during the
last Congress.
As the question has been sufficiently venti-
lated, I now demand the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that will
not be done.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
62, noes 06.
Mr. MOORE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Moore, and
Mr Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 60.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
recommit the hill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order during
the operation of the previous question.
Mr. FARNSW0RT1L Is it in order to
move to refer it to a Committee of the Whole
House?
The SPEAKER. Not while the previous
question is operating. If the previous question
be not seconded or called after the engross-
ment of the bill, it will be in order to recom-
mit or send the bill to the Committee of the
Whole House.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MOORE. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask for the
reading of the engrossed bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. In orderto have the bill
engrossed I move to adjourn, and on that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As it seems my
demand for the reading of the engrossed bill
will only cause delay, I withdraw it. In my
judgment, one of the bills already reported
and passed this morning will take out of the
Treasury $20,000,000.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 85, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Averill, Barber,
Beatty, Leveridge, Biggs, James G. Blair, George
M. Brooks, Buckley, Buflinton, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick It. Butler, Carroll, William T. Clarke,
Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Don-
nan, Duell.Dunnoll, Eames, Far'well, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, (Jotz, Goodrich, Hardeman,
Halsey, Iluneock. Handlev.IIawley, Gerry W. Hazle-
ton, John W. llazleton, Hill, lloar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, Mc-
Grew, Mcllcnry, McJuukin, Mercur, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Moore.Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard, Packer,
llosea W. Parker. Peck. Pendleton, Perce, Eli Perry,
Peters,Poland, Porter, Potter, Price,Prindle.Rainey,
RandalhEHis H. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sawyer,
Sceley, Sessions, Shanks, Shoemaker. Slooum, Sloss,
II. Boardman Smith. John A.Smith,Snapp, Thomas
J. Speer, Spraguc, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stow-
ell, Tafie, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twicliell,
Upson, Wakeman, Wallace, Walls, Warren, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
and Wood—107.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arthur, Barry,
Beck, Bell, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton,
James Brooks, Burchard. Burdett, Caldwell, Co-
burn, Comirigo, Cotton. Cropland, Darrall, Davis,
Dawes, Dickev, Du Bose, Duke, Eldridge, Ely,
Finkelnburg, Porker, Garfield, Garrett, Golladay,
Griffith, Hdmbleton, Hanks, Harper, George E.
Harris._ John T. Harris, Havens, Hereford, Hot-
man, Kerr, Killinger. King, Lewis. Manson, McCor-
miek, Melntyre, iIeK.ee, McNeely, Merrick, Mitch-
ell, Morgan, Niblaek, Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Aaron F. Perry, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William It. Roberts, Scofield, Shel-
don, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Slater, R. Milton
Speer. Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Suther-
land, Terry. Turner, Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Walden, Waldron, Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
•John T. Wilson, andYoung—S5.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Adams, Banks, Barnum,
Bigbv, Bright, Campbell, Freeman Clarke, Creely,
Critcher. De Large, Dox. Edwards, Elliott, Farns-
worth, Henry l>. Foster, Hale, Ilaimer, Hay, Hays,
Ilerndon, Hibbnrd, Kelley, Kendall, Kinsella.Leaeh,
McCrary, Mclvinney. Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey,
Morphis, Piatt, Robinson, Rusk, Sargent, Shober,
Worthington U. Smith, Snyder. St. John, Swann,
Syphcr, Lhvight Townsend. Tuthill, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Wneeler, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—47.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call.
Mr. McCLELLAND said: I am desired by
Mr. Waddell, of North Carolina, to state that
he is absent on account of sickness.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
Mr. Horace Porter, Private Secretary to
the President, announced to the House that
the President had approved and signed bills
of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 774) to establish post
roads; and
A bill (H. R.' No. 777) to establish post
roads.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, a
bill of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1051) to change the times
for holding district and circuit courts of the
United States for the western district of Vir-
ginia.
order or business.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I have
another bill to report from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] represents a privileged
committee, and the morning hour having ex-
pired, the Chair recognizes that gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways andMeans
be authorized to employ a messenger, until other-
wise ordered, at the same compensation as the mes-
senger to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropiiations, reported a bill (K.
R. No. 1000) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the bill be referred to tho Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed, and that it bo made the special
order for Tuesday of next week, after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis
posed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to reserve
all points of order on the bill.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
alabama election.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent., intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections:
llesoh-ed, That tho Committee of Elections be
authorized to require and obtain from the officers
of the State of Alabama having custody thereof
the original ballots cast at the election held on the
8th November, 1870, at tho prccinets of Uchee, Sil-
ver Run, Hartville, Glennville, and Trawiek's, or
Hirae's, in the county of Russell, and State of Ala-
bama, and also the original ballot-boxes at said pre-
cincts at said election, or duly authenticated records
thereof.
• payment of duplicate checks.
Mr. BECK. The Committee of Ways and
Means have directed me to report a bill au-
thorizing duplicate checks to be issued for
small amounts, so that soldiers and others
may get their pay. I hope there will be no
objection to it. I report it as a substitute for
the House bill No. 803.
The SPEAKER. The substitute alone will
be reported, unless objection is taken.
