11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3129
that I shall insist on enforcing the rule here-
: The PRESIDING OFFICER The Senator
from Minnesota withdraws his objection. The
V Chair hears no objection to the extension of
: time the Senator from Iowa desires, and he
will proceed.
Mr. HARLAN. This proposition does not
come from the committee that would ordin-
>- arily take charge of such a subject. It does
not come primarily from the Post Office Com-
mittee, that would be consulted if it was sup-
posed it was necessary to increase the number
of mails to be carried annaallv across the
Pacific on this line. Nor does it come from
the Committee on Commerce. The chairman
of that committee we all know is very faithful
in the performance of his duty in the position
in which he has been placed by the Senate.
The chairman of that committee has not yet
said to the Senate that in his opinion the in-
terests of commerce require this increased
largess. It is suggested that it comes from
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. No; the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN. As I understand it, this is
an amendment proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WINDOM. It came to the Committee
on Appropriations from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads with their recom-
mendation.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Appro-
. priatious is expected, theoretically, to con-
fine its action to amendments necessary to
carry into effect existing laws. In its capa-
city as an appropriation committee it is not
expected to originate measures, but only to
report to the Senate the amount of money
which may be necessary in its judgment to
carry into effect laws that are now on the
statute-book. It is not, therefore, probable
that that committee would give to a sub-
ject of this kind that close attention and that
business knowledge which the Senate would
have a right to expect from the Committee on
Commerce. If it were shown clearly that the
interests of commerce really demand an in-
creased subsidy on this or any other line, I
would not, in my place in the Senate, object
to such subsidy. I can very well perceive
that an advance of money to establish a line
opening up new avenues of trade might re-
sult in great pecuniary advantage to the peo-
ple of the United States. But it does seem
to me that the Senate can well afford to wait
until the proper organ of the Senate, to whom
such subjects are usually confided, is prepared
to advise the Senate to make such an appro-
priation in the interests of commerce.
Recurring to the suggestion made, that the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
originated this amendment, allow me to say
that they are not charged by the Senate with
the investigation of subjects relating to com-
merce, but merely in relation to the estab-
lishment of post roads and post offices. Now,
sir, it has not been called in question that this
company is already bound, under an existing
contract, which will not terminate until some
time in the year 1877, to carry the mails on
this line as often as they send ships, so that
this appropriation is not necessary to secure
the carrying of the mail. It is also true, as 1
need not inform any Senator, that if this com-
pany should fail to put on these ships it will not
defeat a semi-monthly mail, for under existing
laws the Postmaster General can contract with
any sea-going ship between these ports for
carrying the mail, they receiving therefor the
ocean postages on the mails carried. Contracts
similar to this exist between the Post Office
Department and ships now crossing the At-
lantic. The ships that carry our Atlantic
mails are paid, as I understand, the ocean
postages, and it amounts to ample compensa-
tion, justifying them in taking charge of those
^aails. No one conversant with our commerce
will pretend, I think, that there are no other
ships passing between these ports that could
carry the mails. The published tables show that
there is a very large commerce carried on uow
between these ports that is not carried in
these ships.
I rely, however, chiefly on the fact which is,
I think, plain to everybody, that these ships
will be put on whether this subsidy shall be
increased or not, that the company decided to
put them on, that they published notice to the
world by their properly authorized agents that
they would start the first semi-monthly ship on
the loth of this month. I was reminded a
day or two since by the honorable Senator
from Minnesota that they had reprimanded
this agent, and I am not sure, but it is said he
was discharged from service on account of
having made that, publication.
Mr. WINDOM. Allow me to correct the
Senator. I did not state that they had repri-
manded any agent. I stated that the old board
had decided to put on this new line, that the
stockholders found it so objectionable that they
removed the old board; it worked a revolu-
tion in the board; and that no such line would
be put on. I now say that from further invest-
igation of this subject, and a very careful one,
I am perfectly satisfied that no such line will
be put on unless some assistance is given, and
I am further satisfied of the truth of the state-
ment I read the other day from the London
papers, that a British line will be put on in
less than two months to run between these
ports, and that our last line will be driven
from the Pacific ocean unless Congress does
something to assist it.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not call in question
the absolute candor of the honorable Senator.
I have no doubt he is as sincere in his convic-
tions on this point as I am, or as any other
Senator on this floor is ; but I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the facts as they have
cropped out through the public press, and to
the additional fact that the Committee on
Commerce, who ought to be as watchful of
all these subjects as the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, have not up to this
time been prepared to recommend this meas-
ure. I believe no member of that committee,
as such, has uttered one word in its defense.
I feel nearly sure that the chairman of that
committee will not, unless he should change
his mind by facts that may hereafter be elicited.
Air. President, in the face of these facts what
rebutting testimony have we? The loose state-
ment of the honorable Senator from Minne-
sota—he will pardon me for the use of such a
phrase—that an owner of a steamship line re-
siding in England will put on a line and receive
a subsidy if this Government should not subsi-
dize this line. Whence this information?
Mr. WINDOM. From the public papers
and from telegraphic dispatches from London.
That the line will be put on, there is no doubt.
Mr. HARLAN. Then that information is
no more reliable, to say the least of it, than
the information we have here in the public
journals to which I have referred. It would
not be very difficult for a company who had
an interest amounting to $5,000,000 involved
in the creation of such a statement to secure
the transmission of such a telegram and to
secure considerable currency to such a rumor,
that if we did not increase this subsidy some-
body else would drive these ships off that line.
Why, sir, if it is true that commerce has so
increased that in response to its demand these
ships are to be put on, (and that fact has not
been called in question,) it this company should
abandon it, others will take it up, and if the
contract with the Postmaster General is in
the usual terms of post office contracts the
Postmaster General can compel them to con-
tinue at least the service they now have on the
line or can hire its performance by others at
their expense.
So there is no probability of their absolutely
abandoning the line. The only practical ques-
tion is whether they will fail to put on the
semi-monthly service. There are no facts
here, as it seems to me, of sufficient gravity
to justify the Senate in drawing the conclusion
that this company has not already prepared
to put these ships on. How could the old
board have decided to put these ships on,
beginning on the 15th of May, if they had not
already procured the ships? I cannot believe
that the directors of a company owning prop-
erty worth many million dollars would publish
to the world an invitation for passengers and
freight for a semi-monthly line to begin fifteen
days or a month from the date of the publica-
tion, if they had not already made their ar-
rangements for the ships. Why, sir, ships of
five thousand tons burden are not spoken into
existence by a word. They are not ordinarily
the creation of thirty days' labor ; they require
some preparation for their production. As
the honorable Senator from Minnesota has
indicated, in proposing that this contract
should take effect more than a year hence, he
contemplates the fact that the production of
such ships will require more than a month's
time for their creation. But a month since
the old board published a notice inviting pas-
sengers and freight on the 15th of this month.
Mr. WINDOM. It was either in October
or November last that that statement was
made.
Mr. HARLAN. The one I have read was
April 18.
Mr. WINDOM. That distinctly states that
it was relying on Congress for assistance; and
it does not come from the board or anybody
having authority.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all, merely a news-
paper statement, under the marked head of
a journal published in the city of San Fran-
cisco, the terminus of this line. As I before
observed, I do not suppose that this could be
relied on as legal evidence in a court of' jus-
tice, but it is altogether as reliable as any
adverse statement that has been produced.
There is no contradicting evidence more re-
liable, as far as 1 have been informed, than
the testimony that I have produced.
Then would Senators be justifiable in voting
away $5,000,000 with such a statement of facts?
If these ships were prepared and were under
the control of this company when they invited
the public to be ready to send freight, and pas-
sengers semi-monthly from the 15th day of
this month, then it is not necessary to vote
$5,000,000 in order to induce them to pur-
chase or build the ships. If it is not thus
necessary, I am at a loss to see how Senators
can vote so large a subsidy five years in ad-
vance of the termination of the present con-
tract and in the absence of any recommenda-
tion from the proper organ of the Senate, the
Committee on Commerce, whose duty it is to
be ears, and eyes, and tongue for the Senate
on that subject. It is their duty to hear, to
see, and to speak to the Senate on the subject
committed to their particular supervision.
The Senate has a right to hear from that, com-
mittee. It is their duty to investigate and to
enlighten the Senate so that other Senators
may avail themselves of the research which
they are supposed to bring to bear on the sub-
jects committed to their charge.
Sir, it is wrong to require any one Senator
to investigate personally every subject that is
brought to the attention of the Senate. I
suppose the appointment of standing commit-
tees was devised originally to obviate that
necessity. Early after my entrance as a mem-
ber of this body, I remember hearing old Sen-
ators make observations to this effect: that
no Senator had a right to state a fact in the
presence of the Senate until after he had
given it thorough attention and investigation
in order that every other Senator might rely
on his statement; that it was his duty to look
down to the bottom of every subject submitted
to him for investigation. The fair division of
labor requires this.
