1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22M
expenses this month will exceed our currency reve-
nue; therefore, I buy only two millions of bonds,
and offer to sell four millions of gold, in order to
strengthen the Treasury with currency."
IV. I pass to consider another cherished por-
tion of the financial policy of the Administra-
tion, that of refunding the public debt at lower
rates of interest. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, having prepared the way for this by the
gradual improvement of the national credit
by the methods which I have described, has
at length refunded $200,000,000 of our debt
at five per cent, in place of six, thus saving
$2,000,000 per annum to the tax-payer in
interest. This achievement has still further
improved the public credit-, has established it
beyond all question, and will soon enable us
to refund other portions of the debt at still
lower rates of interest.
In accomplishing this result, the Secretary,
for a period of about three months, paid inter-
est upon a double set of bonds; in other woids,
he paid interest at the rate of eleven per cent,
upon that portion of the public indebtedness
which was in a state of transition from the six
per cents to the five per cents. This coarse
has been the subject of much animadversion in
this House and elsewhere, but has been ably
and satisfactorily explained and defended. The
subject has been so thoroughly discussed upon
this floor and in the press that it is not
my purposfe to dwell upon it here. But now
that the case has been fully made up and sub-
mitted to the people, thus much is pretty clear,
and will, T think, be pretty generally admitted,
that the Secretary assumed no more responsi-
bility and incurred no more expense than was
necessary to the discharge of a duty which had
been imposed upon him by a law of Congress,
no more than was necessary to the accomplish-
ment of an object of the greatest importance
to the financial prosperity of the country.
Under the law the Secretary could not re-
deem the six per cent, bonds without giving
three months' notice ; and he could not safely
give this notice until the subscriptions for the
five per cent, bonds had been secured. It is
said that he should not have allowed interest
to commence on the five per cent, bonds until
the expiration of the three months; or that
if he permitted interest on these to accrue
from the beginning of the three months, he
should have required all the money for the
new bonds to be paid into the Treasury. _ But
I think that candid persons who are acquainted
with all the facts will admit that on these
terms the loan could never have been effected.
If it was of more importance to the welfare
of the country that the Secretary should insist
on these conditions than that he should per-
form a great public duty which Congress had
enjoined upon him, and achieve a signal tri-
umph of political economy, then he is justly
amenable to criticism. But if the opposite of
this is true, he should be commended rather
than censured. His only fault was that he
valued the spirit and object of the law above
any mere technical question as to the meaning
of its details.
It is worth remarking that if the money for
the live per cent, bonds had all been paid into
the Treasury on the 1st of September, when
the three months' notice was given for the
redemption of the five-twenties, the Govern-
ment would not have been one cent the richer,
if the amount had all been collected in gold,
and had been carted, every dollar of it, into
the vaults of the Treasury, not a cent of profit
could have been derived from it. This great
mass of coin must have been retained, in
accordance with the funding law, in the strong
rooms of the Treasury, useless to the Govern-
ment and useless to the world, for the purpose
of redeeming the six per cent, bonds. There
would have been no advantage to any one in
this course, but there would have resulted from
it the calamity that the commercial world
would have been convulsed by this drain upon
its gold reserves.
When the subscriptions to the five per cent,
loan at the house of Jay Cooke & Co., in
London, had reached the sum of $60,000,000,
had they attempted to remove that amount of
gold from England to the United States the
Bank of England, such is its sensitiveness to
any diminution of its gold reserves, would at
once have raised the rate of interest to such a
point as would have protected its own coffers
and made further, investments in oar loan on
the part of English capitalists impracticable.
As it was the business was done in a wiser
and safer manner. This immense transaction
of the refunding of $200,000,000 was accom-
plished without making even a ripple in the
business or trade of the world.
The end thus accomplished was, in my opin-
ion, of sufficient moment to have justified a
disregard of even stronger objections than
those Which have been urged. By refunding a
portion of our debt the Secretary has shown,
what we needed to have shown, that the thing
can be done. It is like the first -voyage ot
Columbus across the ocean; when once done
it is more easily done a second time; and
when the temporary differences between Eng-
land and America have been happily settled, as
I believe they soon will be, I expect to see the
larger part of the public debt refunded at four
and a half and four per cent.
V. It has further been the policy of the
' Administration—a policy which from time to
time it has recommended to Congress—to re-
duce taxation as fast as is consistent with the
preservation of the national credit. To go faster
than this would not be true economy. Impa-
tience of taxation among the people is natural
and answers useful ends, and it is our duty to
relieve them of their burdens just as rapidly as
their true interest requires; but it is wise to bear
such present inconvenience as may be neces-
sary to secure advantages more than compen-
satory in the future in the firm establishment
of credit, the reduction of the rate of interest,
and ultimately the much larger reduction in
the burden of taxation. Already, acting in
harmony with the wishes of the Administration,
Congress has reduced taxation $80,000,000,
and I trust this Congress will not adjourn with-
out reducing it forty or fifty millions more.
Considering the immense burden of debt which
has rested on the Government, this reduction
will answer all reasonable expectations.
I stated at the beginning of these remarks,
that the financial policy of the Administration
generally was to establish the national^ credit,
and to diminish the burdens of taxation. Is
not this a noble policy? And have I not shown
that the means employed to carry out this
policy are wise and efficient? I believe the
verdict of mankind will be that there is no
nobler example of successful financial admin-
istration in all history.
It has often been said that the powers which
have been intrusted to the President and the
Secretary of the Treasury are very great pow-
ers to be intrusted to any one man; but the
times have been anomalous and have rendered
the exercise of a large discretion on the part
of the Executive necessary. The abundant
justification of this great trust is the benefi-
cent manner in which it has been employedand
the unexampled success which has attended it.
If it must always be in some degree danger-
ous to intrust to one mind great powers not
fully defined by law, it is fortunate for us that
we have done this in the case ot a minister
who is proud of honorable poverty, and in the
case of a Chief Executive who has shown as
sincere a desire as any President we have ever
had to consult the wishes of the people and to
promote their highest welfare.
NATIONAL CURMSNCy.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Mr. Speaker, upon
the 29th day of January last I had the honor to
introduce for the consideration of this House
the following resolution :
llcaolvcd. That tho Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire into tho expe-
diency of providing by law for retiring the present
issue of national bank notes and substituting there-
for United States Treasury notes of the size, denom-
ination, and character now in use, and known as
" legal-tender notesand also providing that after
the day of , 187—, no fractional currency
shall be issued or circulated, and that after the 
day of , 187—, no note of a less denomination
than ten dollars shall be issued, but the same, under
proper regulations, shall be retired as currency.
2. That said committee shall further inquire
whether, in the work of retiring tho national Bank
notes and substituting therefor an amount of legal-
tender notes, the issue of such Troasury note so re-
quired may not lawfully be used in the redemption
of the bonds of the United States known as the
five-twenty bonds.
3. That thesaidcommitteefurther inquire into the
expediency, in connection herewith, of providing
that per cent, of the United States customs dues
now payable in coin shall bo pay able in legal-tender
notes.
4. That said committee be instructed to report a
general banking law, under which the right to con-
duct a banking business may be made free to all per-
sons who shall or may deposit a number of the bonds
of the United States, (not less than 850,000 in value,)
which may equal per ccnt. of the average
deposits from individuals, and which bonds shall be
held as a security for such depositors as may have
no other security, and to provide by law against
usurious and oxcossive rates of interest which may
be exacted by such institutions.
This resolution is, by the action of the
House, before the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and I take advantage of the present
occasion to submit some remarks thereon that
I trust will secure the attention of the mem-
bers of that committee as well as that of the
House.
The subjects of inquiry that I propose are—
First, a substitution of legal-tender notes, or
greenbacks, as generally termed, for national
hank notes ;
Second, that in securing the amount of
greenbacks required for this purpose whether
an amount of the bonds of the United States,
known as five-twenties, may ndt be called in
and paid;
Third, that in order to preserve a specie
basis for our credit money, and at the same
time provide a currency solid and safe for the
laborer of the country, fractional currency and
small notes should be gradually retired ;
Fourth, that banking should be free to all
persons, but that those who bank upon the
capital of others should be required to give
at least partial security for its return, and some
protection had against usurious and extortion-
ate charges; and
Fifth, that the custom dues should in part,
at least, be payable in legal-tender notes.
I am aware that these propositions suggest
grave questions upon which the ablest minds
of the past and present differ; and that
when one pretends to solve the mysteries of
credit money, he affects a wisdom that is con-
ceded to no man by eveu a respectable minor-
ity of his fellows. For one I do not believe,
however, that this should deter us from their
consideration. The fact is that credit money is
now our national life, aud the duty to preserve
that, national life demands that we should
endeavor to solve the mysteries connected
with it. During the present session we have
had evidence that the laboring men of the
country are requiring at our hands such legis-
lation as will relieve them from the onerous
burdens of mismanaged government and the
heavy exactions of favored capital. In my
judgment, sir, the complaint of the laboring
and producing classes are just,, and their pro-
test against partial and exclusive legislation,
all of which is in tho interest of capital and
at their expense, is founded upon truth, and
deserves to be met, not with commissions of
inquiry and the procrastination of red tape,
but with direct responsive action upon our
PaEarly in life I accepted the political doc-
trines of Thomas Jefferson as my political
faiih and creed, and so accepting them, I have
uniformly opposed the grant of "exclusive
privileges" to any. 1 have opposed partial
legislation, and I have opposed monopolies of
all deseiiptioiMj aud iavured thai character of
