1S88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
pose to report back the bill with an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
Mr. CONGER. Is it not privileged, the
committee being authorized to report at any
time?
The SPEAKER. It would have been privi-
leged if the gentleman had made it before the
House had resolved to go into Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CONGER. I think there can be no
objection to the bill as amended, and it will
take but a moment.
Mr. HOAR. I insist upon my objection.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1654, making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read the following:
Barracks and quarters: for rent or hire of quar-
ters for troops, and for officers on military duty: of
store-houses for safe-keeping of military stores; of
offices: of grounds for camps and cantonments, and
for temporary frontier stations; for construction
and repairs of temporary huts; of stables, and
othor military buildings at established posts; for
construction and repair of hospitals*; and for re-
pairs of buildings occupied by the Army, $750,001).
Mr. COBCJRN. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the following:
Provided, That hereafter barracks, quarters, and
all buildings and structures whatever, of a por-
manenf naturo shall bo constructed upon special
authority to bo given by act of Congress, and no such
structures, whoso cost shall exceed $10,000, shall
be erected or continued in ereotion unless by such
authority so specially granted,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman to
modify his amendment so as to except those
structures constructed by the troops.
Mr. COBURN. I have no objection to that,
and will modify my amendment accordingly.
I have seen lately a list, of fortifications con-
structed under the authority of the Secictary
of War; about ninety-seven during the last
year have received his authority for the ex-
penditure of money, in groat or small sums,
some for repairs, some for important structures.
The whole number for which applications have
been made for the expenditure of money run
up to_ one hundred and five or one hundred
and six in one year.
The expenditures allowed upon some of
these posts, fortifications, and other structures
amount to one hundred thousand dollars or
more, and the ultimate expense of some of thetn
will be from three to five hundred thousand
dollars.^ Now, the policy of the Government
in relation to all expenditures for buildings
for the use of civil officers is that Congress
shall designate the places and appropriate the
particular amounts to be expended. In this
matter of building forts and similar structures
we allow unlimited authority to the Secretary
of War to go on and make these expenditures.
It seems to me that his power in this respect
ought to be limited. Not that I have any
fault to find with the present administration
of the War Department in this respect, for
it has been the custom all along for the Gov-
ernment to go on in this way. Now, in time
of peace, no such discretion should be left
with the Secretary of War. In time of war,
it may be necessary that he should select the
places forthese structures or posts, but nothing
of that kind is required in time of peace.
According to the list which has been fur-
nished to the Cominiitee on Military Affairs,
large sums, amounting to hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, have been expended in this
way. In Texas particularly the ground used
for these structures is generally not owned by
the Government, The Committee on Military
Affairs have now before them a bill providing
for the purchase of lands in Texas. Every fort
in Texas, I believe, except one, is on leased
ground ; and some of these structures built on
leased ground have already cost over two hun-
dred thousand dollars. Now, the object of my
amendment is to stop expenditures of that
kind until authority has been explicitly given
by Congress, not only as to the amount to be
expended, but as to the location of these forts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This amend-
ment is in the direction of economy, and I
have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Miscellaneous:
For payment of any balance due, Or to be found
due during the present fiscal year, to any State, for
costs, charges, and expenses contemplated and pro-
vided for in and by the act approved July 27, 1861,
being an act to indemnify certain States for expanses
incurred by them in enrolling, equipping, and trans-
porting troops for the defense of the United States
during tho late rebellion, 61,000,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting after the heading " mis-
cellaneous '' the following:
The Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby author-
ized to pay to tho Second Comptroller additional
compensation to equalize his salary with that of the
First Comptroller: Provided, That with such addi-
tional com pensation the appropriation for the Second
Comptroller's office for the present fiscal year shall
not be exceeded.
Mr. Chairman, I think there can be no ob-
jection to this amendment if the House under-
stands it. Whgn the office of the Second
Comptroller was established there were eight
clerks only in the office, and the accounts annu-
ally revised did not exceed two or three mil-
lion dollars. His pay then was*$3,000 in coin
without any deduction for tax. The force of
his office has since been increased, ar.d is now
one hundred and thirty clerks, and the accounts
revised and finally decided on by him have
amounted to $1,000,000,000 in a single year.
His pay has continued at $3,000, payable now
in currency, with a deduction for tax.
The salary of the First Comptrollerand that
of the Comptroller of the Currency arc each
$5,000, and there seems to be no good reason
why the Second Comptroller's should be at a
lower rate than the First Comptroller, while he
has the same final jurisdiction over all the vast
accounts of the Army, Navy, pension, and
Indian departments, that the First Comptroller
has over the accounts of the civil list, con-
sular, diplomatic, and judiciary departments.
The business of thi3 office is far larger than
that of the First Comptroller, and it is but
justice to a faithful officer to make the pay of
these two Comptrollers the same.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Although I feel
no special interest in this amendment, I have
allowed the motion to be offered, because I
have no doubt of the equity of the case, as
stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the pay of the Second
Comptroller S4,500. Five thousand dollars is
tho pay of the First Comptroller. His salary
was fixed some years ago at that sura. I am
not prepared to say that it is too much. It is,
however, out of proportion to the pay of most of
the other bureau officers of the Treasury De-
partment, and indeed of all the other Depart-
ments of the Government. TheSecond Comp-
troller receives, I believe, under existing law,
only $0,000. The discrepancy between hispay
and that of the First Comptrollerisundoubtedly
too great, and there should be something ap-
proaching an equalization. Under the old law
the Fir^t Comptroller received $500 more than
the Second Comptroller. I think perhaps we
might, for convenience, continue that arrange-
ment, making the pay of the Second Comp-
troller $4,500. For my own part, personally,
I should be willing to place the First and Sec-
ond Comptrollers upon an equality. But, sir,
this is only an isolated case.
This whole matter of salaries in the Treas-
ury Department, and indeed in all the other
Departments of the Government, ought to
go to a committee, and be considered aB a
separate measure, and as a part of the grand
system of our Government.
We have drifted into a condition where
there is no kind of equality between the sala-
ries of a great number of our Department
officers. For instance, take the case of the
solicitor of internal revenue. That officer,
under a law which we passed about two years
ago creating the office, gets a salary of $5,000,
whereas the Solicitor of the Treasury, who
ranks him in importance and in the prece-
dence which he enjoys as an officer of the
Treasury Department, and to whom the soli-
citor of internal revenue is in some respects
a subordinate officer, ouly receives $8,500.
The Register of the Treasury, who has charge
of and perhaps on his bond is responsible for
$900,000,000, gets only $3,000.
So I might go on with all the different sub-
ordinate officers in the Treasury Department.
There is gross inequality. Great injustice is
done to some officers, while others perhaps
get more than they ought to have.
Now, I do not like much to take this case
out of the general rule, and especially to put
the salary up so high as $5,000.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Niblack,] says he would like the
whole matter to be submitted to committees.
The matter has ali-eady been submitted, under
a resolution of this House, to the commit-
tees on expenditures in the various Depart-
ments ; the resolution instructing, as the
rule of the House instructs, those various
committees, ''to examine into the pay and
emoluments of all offices under the laws of the
United States, and to report from time to
time such a reduction or increase thereof as
a just economy and the public service may
require." That resolution, introduced by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means with reference to all the committees
on expenditures in the various Departments,
provides for just what the gentleman has
suggested.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would inquire, then, of
the gentleman whether any of those commit-
tees are now at work and prepared to report
such a bill as I have suggested?
Mr. LYNCH. I understand that all the
committees are at work, and before the session
is over such report will be made to Congress.
I may say as regards the Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Treasury Department that
they are now carefully examining the subject.
message from this senate.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its
clerks, informed the House that the Senate
had agreed to the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 475) to
authorize the sale of public property at Houl-
ton, Maine.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title ;
in which the eoncurx-ence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. G81) to provideforthe report-
ing and printing of the debates in Congress.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not wish to be
considered as antagonizing this amendment,
because I believe the Second Comptroller
ought to have some more pay. I think a
salary to that officer of about forty-five hun-
dred dollars would perhaps be more in pro-
portion to the pay of other officers than a
salary of $5,000. I submitted the amend-
ment I did simply for the purpose of enabling
me to make some remarks upon it. I desired
