3130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Now, sir, while I would not criticise any
committee for assuming jurisdiction over a
subject that has not been committed to it by
the Senate, for every Senator is a Senator at
large, and of course has the right, in his ca-
pacity as a member of til's body, to investi-
gate and bring before the Senate any subject
which he thinks the public interest requires to
be considered 
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator does
not mean thai", the Committee on Post, Offices
and Post Roads did not have this subject re-
ferred to then by the Senate ? They seut
memorials and bills there. We had two bills
and three or four memorials, all sent to us by
the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I have already alluded to
that feature of the case, Mr. President. So
far as the carrying of an increased number of
mails oil this line is concerned, it was of
course a legitimate subject for investigation on
the part of the Committee 011 Post OiHces and
Post Roads. But Senators know well enough
that this proposed subsidy is not in the inter-
est of the Post Office service. It is not on
that idea that it has been proposed. Ail the
arguments which have been presented in the
Senate are on the theory that the interests of
comrneice require it, and I have been attempt-
ing to present Ihe subject to the Senate from
that stand-point, from the commercial stand-
point, and i repeal, that the organ of the Sen-
ate 011 that subject has not advued it. The
organ of the Senate on that subject has not
uttered one word m its support.
It it were possible to believe in the existence
of a mere job—and that word bus been used
in the debate in this connection heretofore—
I think I would be justifiable iu sa\iug that
this comes as near ii, looking at il from my
stand-point, as anything I have ever Known to
bepieseuied to this body. We have an exist-
ing contract to c.uiy the mails on this line,
monthly, until some time in 1877, with an
implied contract to carry the mail on every
ship that that contractor may have oil that
line, if so required by the Post, Office Depart-
ment. _ We have the fact before us pretty well
established, I think, that the company do
intend t o put on this line semi-moni lily service.
If they do, the appropriat .on of no additional
dollar is necessary to secure the semi-monthly
Service. It is staled that th y have proposed
to do this, and are about to do it, because the
increased demands of commerce require if.
Ihen the increase of this service wdl not
depend on this additional appropriation. It
of course will enhance the value of the prop-
erly owned by these people, because il will
increase probably their dividends should their
business be a profitable business, and i could
not criticise them for desiring this enhanced
value to their property. 1 do notcriticise them
for applying for an increased mail subsidy;
but, as 1 look at it, there are no public inter-
ests that justify the Senate in voting it.
Mr. WINDOAI. I am so anxious to obtain
a vote on this proposition and to complete this
bill, that f shall not, I think, even occupy the
five minutes allowed me under the rule. Cer-
tainly I shall not transgress the rule, and f
give notice now that so long as I have the
management of this bill I will not consent to
anybody else transgressing it in future.
1 desire to refer to one or two points in the
Speech just made by the honorable Senator
from Iowa. He intimates in the close of his
remarks that this is a job. I am well aware
that that is the hue and cry raised against
every measure, or which can be raised a,rainst
every measure, without the slightest foundation,
without the slightest reason lor alleging it
Let me say, Mr. President, that iu matters of
this kind, where companies like this have slock
Outstanding, there may very frequently be
jobs oil other sides as well as on the side I rep-
resent, for if parties in Wall street in the city
of New York have sold a large amount of
stock "short," it would be a nice job for them
to prevent this Government granting any aid,
let this line break down, and make a large
amount of money on their "short" stocks.
There may be a job on the other side as well
as on this. I am not aware of any on thi^, I
am certain.
Sir, where is the job in this when it is pro-
posed that the contract shall be let to the
lowest bidder? We do not propose to let it to
any company, but it is to be advertised for
sixty days and the lowest bidder is to take it.
We are told that this is such a vast amount,
of money that it will be an immense thing for
this company or any other—$5,000,000, we are
told, for nothing, for the commerce of this
line will itself pay the amount! Mr. Presi-
dent, if that is true, what is the answer to it?
Open it to all the people of this whole coun-
try; let every man bid. If it is a bonus of
$5,000,000 when the thing will pay of itself,
there are eertaiuly other people who will bid
as well as this company. There is no job in
it. It is an open, fair, honest transaction for
the purpose ol securing.additional service on
this line.
If Great Britain or any other foreign coun-
try should by her power upon the ocean sink
one of our ships, there is not a Seuator on
tiiis floor who would not be willing to spend
§•300,000,000 to replace it and punish the
nation that committed the outrage ; but Great
Britain by her better statesmanship, by her
diplomacy, has nearly driven our steamships
from the ocean ; we have but one or two lines
left; and now we propose, by denouncing this
measure as ''ajob," to permit her to drive
off about the only line we have left.
it in suited that this subject has not been
invext'gated ; that no properperson has exam
ined it. What are the facts? It has been
examined by two committees, the Committee
on Commerce and the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads in the House of Rep-
reienlativcs. It has been examined by two
committees m the Senate. It has been rec-
ommended substantially by the President of
the United States and by three of the present
Cabinet officers of the United States. As my
friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] showed yester-
diy, it is earnestly recommended by the can-
didate of what is called the Liberal Republican
party for the Presidency. Why, sir, it has been
recommended by everybody who has ever ex-
amined the subject and caretuily and fairly
investigated its merits.
Mr. tlAULAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, do I understand him to say that
the Committee on Commerce in the House
recommended it?
Mr. WINDOAI. I do. I am so informed.
Air. HARLAN. Was the proposition in the
pending bill as it came from the House
reported by them ?
Mr. WINDOM. The amendment was of-
fered. as I understand it, by the chairman of i
the Committee on Commerce in the House.
It is true it was defeated by a very small
majority. Two committees of the Senate act-
ing upon it, believing it ought to pass, recom-
mended it also. It seems to me this matter
has been as thoroughly investigated as any
question can be.
One word further as to whether this service
will be put oil or not, I have examined, aud
other members of the committee have exam-
ined that point carefully, and we know that
this newspaper statement, based as it states
on the face of it on the belief that Congress
will grant aid, means nothing more nor less
than what it states on the face of it, that rely-
ing on the anticipated aid they did anticipate
putting on this additional service. In addi-
tion to that 1 have already stated the explan-
ation of the issuing of that notice. 'That is
clearly before the Senate
I believe my live minutes are not quite up,
but being anxious for a vote, I will not further
occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I listened with a great
deal of attention to the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan'.] The point which he made
against the amendment now to be voted upon
was founded upon a statement that the com-
pany intended to put oil the additional service
at all events. 1 suggest to the Senator whether
that is a conclusive reason against the amend-
ment? I suggest whether the true consid-
eration should not be, is it a proper case
for further aid by the Government? Is the aid
greater than should be rendered under the
circumstances?
The British Government and its policy have
been frequently referred to in this debate, per-
haps not improperly. I understand that Gov-
ernment commenced with a subsidy to the
Cunard line when it was a small line running
but a few steamers, and struggling as it were
for an existence. Aly impression is—and if I
am wrong I hope some Senator better informed
will correct me—that as the company increased
its service, and of course increased its steam-
ers from time to time, the British Government
increased the aid given. That demonstrates
that, so far as that Government is concerned,
there has been nothing in its large experience
on the subject to prevent it giving additional
aid in the circumstance that additional service
was to be rendered, or indeed was contem-
plated, because of course when the number
of steamships, such is those used upon that
lme, is increased from time to time, as the
Senator from Iowa very well says, that is not
a thing to be done by word of mouth. You
cannot speak into existence one, two, three, .
or four first-class steamships for the Atlantic
service. It must have been understood be-
forehand that the company was prepared to
make an additional service and wouid do it.
Doubtless it was upon that fuil understanding
beforehand that the British Government acted
in increasing the subsidy from time to time.
I suggest to him, therefore, (because I recog-
nize the necessity for satisfying the mind of
the Senate upon this subject,) whether what I
have stated may not go very far to remove his
objection so tar as it rests upon the ground of
a determination already announced by the
company to increase the service some time in
this month?
Mr. HARLAN. In response to the interrog-
atory remark of the honorable Senator from
California, I would say very frankly that the
fact that they have already determined to put
ships on I do not think is absolutely conclusive
that no additional aid may not be necessary
but I will observe also in this connection to the
honorable Senator from California that this is
a vicious class of legislation. Voting bounties
or subsidies to stimulate the investment of
capital m any particular branch of business is
not a desirable class of legislation. It might
stimulate the production of corn in Iowa if
Congress would vote an appropriation to pay
to John Doe and Richard Roe twenty-live
cents a bushel bounty oil all the corn they may
raise in the next ten years. 1 have no doubt
it would increase the amount of corn that those
two individuals would produce. But ought it
to be voted on that account? And yet it might
be wise in a certain condition of things to give
a bounty for the production of cereals within
a given district, in a new country where the
Government might have posts, have an Army
to supply ; or if it were very desirable to
hasten the settlement of any particular part
of our country it might be pioper to give a
bounty on farm products; yet it is a viciou3
kind of legislation that ought not to be in-
dulged in m the absence of a clear necessity.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will yield for a
moment, as he cites one case, let me cite
another, 'lake the case of the carrying the
mail in lemote settlements. That is a parallel
ease. The Government really pays a great
deal more than it receives in carrying the mails
in Iowa and the remote Territories. Is that
vicious legislation?
Mr. HARLAN. That is not so in Iowa now.
