1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
fore, for persons attempting to reach this de-
posit in Louisiana, to avail themselves of the
aid of such machinery. No other can be used
effectively. It is not manufactured in Amer-
ica. but must be imported. Hence the appli-
cation in this case to import it free of duty.
It is only made in the countries named, so far
as I know, and it is indispensable for such
deep borings through such deposits of sand
and gravel.
Now, I do think, Mr. Speaker, that both
these cases are sufficiently exceptional and
meritorious to justify the enactment of these
measures at once, without waiting for the
general tariff bill to be brought in. It is only
for these special reasons that I, free-trader
or revenue-reformer as I am, agree to these
bills, and it is for those reasons I think they
ought to be passed by this House.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee yield to me a moment?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will for a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say that the effect of this bill will be felt only
at two points at present, one in Louisiana and
the other m Missouri.
. Mr. BECK. Indiana.
Mr. KELLEY. In Indiana, possibly. We
have never been able to make plate glass,
because the several ingredients could not be
found in sufficiently close proximity, until an
immense deposit of every ingredient save one
required, not only for the manufacture but the
polishing of such glass, had been found on the
borders of the district of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Finkelnbubs,] atPlattin creek.
There all of them but corundum were found
in more marvelous abundance and proximity
than they have been fouud elsewhere. A com-
pany has been organized for the purpose of
making these deposits available. This com-
pany, when about to establish works on Plat-
tin creek, employed geologists and mineral-
ogists of rare ability and industry to go through
the mountains of western North Carolina,
where it was reported corundum was some-
times fouud. I hold in my hand what will be
a matter of curiosity to every gentleman on
this floor, a piece of corundum, such as I bad
never been able to obtain before, and beg
leave to say that it comes from a mine in which
it is found in place and in immense quantities,
so that we shall probably now be able to manu-
facture plate glass, even with the high wages of
America, at less cost than it can be made else-
where with the relatively low wages of other
countries.
What is wanting for the accomplishment of
this desirable object is machinery, and this bill
proposes to admit for one year machinery
adapted to this purpose free of duty, so that
this company may import working models,
■which will be subject to the inspection of ac-
complished machinists of St. Louis, so that
after this year the machine-shops of that city
may supply the manufacturers of plate glass
in this country with their machinery. The
case from Louisiana is almost identical with it.
There is there an immense deposit of sulphur,
so placed that it requires peculiar machinery,
hitherto unknown to our mechanics, to remove
it. And in order to develop this great mineral
deposit in one of the southern States the com-
mittee determined- to recommend that the
machinery for that purpose should also be
introduced free of duty for one year, in order
that the American machinist may also have
working models of that machinery before him.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I now yield to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that
my associates on the committee will pardon
me for saying that I deprecate this premature
discussion. As regards the two bills which
have been consolidated, and which are now
before the House, I gave them my support for
the very reason for which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Finkelxburg] gives them his
opposition. The gentleman confesses that they
will relieve the particular industry concerned,
and to that extent promote that industry iti this
country, furnish employment for the laborer,
develop the resources of the country, and give
employment for capital. But he says that he
is opposed to this because, if that is true with
reference to this particular measure or this
particular industry, it would be true if we
passed a univeral law just like this, applicable
to everything. And the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] gives the bill his supsort, not-
withstanding that he agrees with that doctrine.
Such being the_ position of these gentlemen,
associates of mine on the Committee of Ways
and Means, my other colleague, my learned
and distinguished friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] rallies to the defense of the
great principle of protection at this early stage;
and! was aboutto say, if I can have the gentle-
man's ear 
Mr. KELLEY. You have it, sir. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DAWES. That there is a good deal
of wisdom in the old adage, that "it is not
wise to leap until you come to the stile." We
are endeavoring in our committee to see if it
be possible to so reduce the revenue of the
country by the amount of fifty or a hundred
million dollars—it may be more or less—con-
sistently with the currentexpenses of the Gov-
ernment, and paying the proper proportion
of the public debt, as on the one hand not to
slay, and on the other hand to relieve and
revive as many industries of the country as pos-
sible. If my friend from Missouri [Mr. Fink-
elnburg] and my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] have arrived already at the conclusion,
so that they see the process by which with
one horizontal stroke all this thing can be ac-
complished, 1 am gratified, exceedingly grati-
fied, that they have done so and are prepared
immediately to make announcement thereof
to the House and to the country.
To me, Mr. Speaker, it has been a more
difficult task. I have found, in the little ex-
amination I have been able to make of the
great subject of the revenue and of tariff and
of protection and of free trade, that the rami-
fications of industries aud investments of capi-
tal, and paths of industry and fields of enter-
prise, are infinite almost, and, like the meshes
of a network, it is impossible to touch tbetn at
'one point without their being affected all over
the country; and 1 confess to my utter incom-
petency to the task to which I havebeen, unfor-
tunately, assigned. If it be possible for other
gentlemen of the committee to have seen so
clearly the method by one horizontal stroke
to reach that great end, it is utterly impossible
for me to even come to any intelligent conclu-
sion upon that ground, the ground which the
gentleman from Missouri and the gentleman
from Indiana announced here so confidently
as being already attained.
Now, while it is true, as the gentleman from
Missouri says, that by taking off the duty upon
a particular machine that is to be imported
into Louisiana for the purpose of penetrating
a shaft four hundred and fifty feet, through
quicksands, to a great bed of wealth now
buried under the surface, it will relieve and
develop an industry, bring it to the surface,
employ many hands and much capital, and
bring to the wealth of the country a great addi-
tion, I do not myself, sir, see that it follows
that by adopting that same line and taking the
duties off everything it will accomplish that
result as to everything else. There is such a
thing as slaying as well as such a thing as
reviving. And while I make these remarks
merely to deprecate this forestalling of the
action of the committee by the committee
itself in this discussion of the principles upon
which any review of the tariff in connection
with the reduction of duties in the one place
and the repealing of them in others, to me it
seems to be so difficult a question, involving
so many interests, that I cannot see my way
clear at this moment to announce without
qualification that I can as well take the duties
off every industry and every investment of
capital as I can take the duties off these arti-
cles; because, sir, while I have the same pur-
pose in view that my friend from Missouri has,
to so shape legislation that it shall give new
vigor and new strength to every industry and
every labor in the land, and new safeguards to
every investment of capital, I can see that
while it can be done at one point, by tire prin-
ciple of free trade, the principle of free trade
applied in the same manner at another point
would work death and desolation in the coun-
try.
Keepmg in view, with the gentleman from
Missouri, a single end, namely, that which he
announced, the protection of American indus-
try, and, if he cares to have it so, against protec-
tion itself, 1 will go hand in hand with him for
protecting American industry against protec-
tion ; and I am for protecting American indus-
try against free trade. At one point it must
be protected by free trade, and at another point
it must be protected by what is commonly de-
nominated protection itself. Where and when
and how far, is the problem ; and for us to say
here in advance that because we can bring to
the surface and add to the industries of the
country a vast hidden wealth by taking off these
duties, therefore taking off all duties will pro-
duce a like result as to all other industries is
an announcement I, for one, do not see my
way clear to make to the country.
Now, a word in reference to this matter of
the new machinery to be used in the manu-
facture of plate glass. My friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] advocated this bill upon the
ground that this is a new industry in this coun-
try, existing nowhere else in the country but
at the point lie indicated, aud that there is no
process or machinery in the country able to do
this work, and therefore he desires to have
the duties taken off this machinery in order
to introduce it here. Now, he is mistaken
in fact. Eight in my own district they are
to-day manufacturing frames for machines for
the manufacture of this very article, and they
are manufacturing plate glass within six miles
of my own residence that will compete in any
market of the world with any article produced
by any foreign manufacturer. And yet, sir, I
am in favor of this bill. If there is abroad
any machine or any process that will do the
work better than it can be done now, even
at the manufacturing establishment I have
referred to, I want to see it brought here, and
brought here free of duly, because every such
effort of enterprise will find work for many
hands, and will find investment for much cap-
ital, and along with it will come all the train
of advantages that follow in the footsteps of
profitable investment and frugal industry in
this land.
My theory is, by the help of free trade and
by the help of duties, hand in hand, hand-
maids in this work, wc are to solve this great
problem. Bat he who looks to free trade
alone, as well as he who looks to protection
alone, in the common acceptation of the term,
falls far shoTt, iu my judgment, of compre-
hending the true method of bringing up this
country to an independence of all the other
countries of the world in its manufactures, in
its investment of capital, in its employment
of machinery, in its use of water-power, and
all the thousand infinite variety o; means by
which man, in the diversity of trade and of
employment, develops himself and his coun-
try and his race.
I am for this bill, and for it for the veiy
reason that my distinguished friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Fiskei.nburo] says he is opposed
to it. But while I am for it, I cannot follow
him in the idea that if it be good for this pro-
cess it is good for every other industry iu the
land.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. One word by way
