L872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3131
There is an excess of postage in Iowa over the
iL cost of carrying the mails.
Mr. COLE. One other question. The Eng-
lish Government pays for carryiug the mails
from Liverpool and London to these very
'••countries, China and Japan, two and a quarter
millions in gold a year. Will the Senator
tell roe why England does that "foolish"
thing?
Mr. HARLAN. I will attempt to reply to
the honorable Senator's suggestions in their
order. I know the Government does pay for
carrying the mails in the newly-settled parts
of our country a price in excess of the post-
age collected on those lines, and I think it is
justifiable from the consideration that I have
heretofore referred to. It tends to stimulate
the settlement of the country and is desirable,
and in that sense it may be desirable to give a
bounty for the establishment of lines of com-
merce between our country and remote parts
of the world. This I concede. It may be so.
But what 1 insist on is that it is a vicious kind
of legislation which ought not to be indulged
in in the absence of the clearest necessity. The
justification ought to be clear and undoubted,
because it is not in tbe order of paying a quid
pro quo, paying a fair value for service per-
formed, it is paying an excess over the value
of the service performed with the hope of
deriving remote benefits. It ought to be clearly
established that these remote benefits will
accrue, and that they are dependent on the
appropriation. If it is doubtful whether the
• benefits will accrue, or if it is really certain
that they will accrue in the absence of the
bounty, then it seems to me to be clear that
Congress ought not to grant it.
Now, in relation to what England does, I
will concede that the English are a very wise
people, and yet I should regret to live to see
the day when this Government will adopt the
policy which is enforced in England ; a policy
that makes the rich man richer and the poor
man poorer ; a policy that is in the interest of
the few and against the many; a policy that is
grinding down the masses of the people to a
mere mass of paupers. They may buildup mer-
chant marine and develop merchant princes
from day to day by this kind of largesses,
but it is the duty of those who ask the Ameri-
can Senate to adopt the policy of England to
show that it will be to the interest of the
masses of our people to adopt their system of
government. I do not think it is clear that it
is for the interests of the laboring people of
Great Britain that vast bounties should be
given to steamship companies. There may
be collateral motives that induce these appro-
priations by the British Parliament. There
may be the younger sons of noble lords who
would be paupers were not places provided
for them, were they not built up as merchant
princes, if places were not provided for them
in their merchant marine, in the army, or in
the church. There may be reasons for voting
bounties to steamship lines by the British Par-
liament. that would not justify the American
Congress iu voting such supplies.
Now I return with my demand, not I hope
in any offensive sense, that the friends of this
measure shall show that this increased bounty,
amounting in the aggregate to $5,000,000,
which is not a trivial sum, is necessary in order
to secure the establishment of a semi-monlhly
line of steamships from the western coast of
this country to China. I do not think the facts
have been adduced which make it clear that it
is necessary, and m the absence of such facts
I could not myself vote, nor advise others to
vote for such an appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator's time
has expired. The question is on concurring in
the amendment, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. Let it be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 6, section four, line eight, after
the word " dollars" to insert:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to contract withi the lowest bidder, niter sixty days'
public notice, for a term of ten years, from and
after the 1st day of October, 1873, for the conveyance
of an additional monthly mail on the said route, at
a compensation not to exceed the rate per voyogo
now paid under the existing contracts, and upon
the same conditions and limitations as prescribed
by the existing acts of Congress in reference thereto,
and the respective contracts made in pursuance
thereof; and the contractors under the provisions
of this section shall be required to carry the United
States mails during the existence of their contracts,
without additional charge, on all the steamers they
may run upon said line, or any part of it, or any
branch or extension thereof: Provided, That all
steamships hereafter accepted for said service shall
be of not less than four thousand tons register each,
and shall be built of iron, and wholly of American
construction, and shall be so constructed as to be
readily adapted to the armed naval service of the
United States in time of war, and before acceptance
the officers by whom they are inspected shall report
to the Secretary ofthe Navy and the Postmaster
General whether this condition has been complied
with: Provided, Tlhut in all cases the officers of the
ships employed in the service herein provided for
shall be citizens of the United States, and that per-
sons of foreign birth who have, according to law,
declared their intention to become citizens of the
United States, may be employed as though they
were citizens of tbe United States within the mean-
ing of this section, or of any act or acts specified in
the act of June 28,1864. And the Government of
the United States shall have the right in case of
war to take for the use of the United States any of
the steamers of said line, and m such case pay a
reasonable compensation therefor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that amendment open
to further amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I observe there are two
different phrases used there to apply to the
same thing ; one i3 "in case of war,'' and the
other is " in time of war." I think " in case of
war" is a better phrase, because it does not
limit the power of the Government to the
actual condition of war. I move, instead of
the word " time," where it occurs in that con-
nection, that the word "case " be used.
Mr. WINDOM. There is no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
amendment will be made if there be no
objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there ought also
to be the usual limitation on the purchase of
these vessels by the Government, that the
price paid shall in no case exceed the original
cost. I suppose the chairman of the commit-
tee will accept that amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that might be
considered as a rule of damages very unfavor-
able to the Government. It is hardly possi-
ble that the vessels will not he less valuable
if they are ever purchased by the Government
than they are now. I am afraid that if we fix
a maximum we shall fix the price. I agree with
tlie Senator entirely in his idea; but the price
of the vessels will undoubtedly go down. At
least that would be the natural law.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is danger of
any such result, of course I do not wish to
press^he amendment, and I admit, consider-
ing the knowledge of the official mind gener-
ally speaking, it does frequently happen that
a negation is construed to mean an affirma-
ti on.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is very often the
case. I have observed that in statutes limit-
ing the amount, saying that it shall not exceed
so much, they almost always go up to that
amount.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question, whether it was
the experience in our late civil war after the
war broke out that the price of vessels went
do*vn ? Why, sir, vessels that were not worth
$20,000 brought $100,000; some not worth
$5,000 brought $30,000 within a few days after
the war broke out.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator really
thinks it is the interest of tbe Government to
fix the price in this way, I have no objection,
although I think myself the price of the ves-
sels will necessarily and naturally go down
every day.
Mr. STOCKTON. What I think on the
question I did not state. I simply wanted to
correct what I thought was a misapprehension
of the Senator from Ohio. If these vessels
are taken they are to be taken when war
breaks out, and then if there is no limit the
price will be doubled. They will make the
same speculation in a time of trouble and ne-
cessity that everybody did at the opening of
the rebellion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think we might as well
try the insertion of those words if we have not
tried it before.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by inserting after the words
" compensation therefor," the words:
Provided, That the price paid shall in no case
exceed the original cost of the vessel so taken.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on concurring in the amend-
ment as amended, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from New Jersey. [Mr. Fre-
linghuysen.] He would vote "nay," and I
should vote "yea."
Mr. SAWYER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Ames.] who would vote "nay," and 1 should
vote "yea."
Mr. WRIGHT. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Ramsey.] He would vote "yea," and I
should vote " nay."
Mr. KELLY, (after first voting in the
negative.) I voted " nay," forgetting that I
was paired with tbe honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Kellogg.] I therefore ask
to have name my withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's vote will be withdrawn if there be no
objection.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays
20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Caldwell, Casserly. Clayton. Cole,
Conkling, Corbett. Cragin, Fenton, Ferry ot Michi-
gan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hatnhn, Hitchcock, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont. Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Seott, Sherman. Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, West,
and Wmdoui—26.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alcorn. Antliony,_ Buckingham,
Chandler, Cooper, Ilavis of We-l Virginia. Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Croldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Johnston, Morton, Norwood,
Pratt, Saulsbury, Spencer, Spraguc, Stevenson, and
Viekers—2U.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayaid. Blair, Bore-
man, Urownlow, Cameron Carpenter, Da.vis of Ken-
tucky, Frehnghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, lliil,
Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine.
Patterson, ltamsey, Ransom, Rico, Robertson, Saw-
yer. Sehurz, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson,
and Wright—aJ.
So the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The YiCE PRESIDENT. The next and
last reserved amendment is the one reserved
by the chairman of the Committee on Pc-t
Offices and Post Roads in regard to printed
envelopes.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 3, line forty-time, to strike out
the words "a printed request to return tlie
letter to the writer," and to insert "the word-;,
' if not delivered in days, return to "
so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no enveiope, as furnished by the
Government, shall contain any lithographing or
engraving, anil no printing except the wolds " if
not delivered in days, return to 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of tin;
Chair what is ttie state of that part of the
House bill which was under discussion yester-
day when 1 was obliged to go away, respect-
ing people engaged in the Departments acting
as counsel alierward V I know by the Globe
that the section was stricken out yeslexday,
but I wish to know what is its present state in
the Senate.
