3132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was stricken
out, and that was among the amendments that
were concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the Senate would
be good enough to regard that particular
amendment as reserved and not concurred in,
so that we may have a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be considered as reserved.
The Senator might move it himself; but still,
perhaps it would be better to reserve it, be-
cause if concurred in it will then r emain in the
text of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reserved by
general consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to reconsider the vote on con-
curring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, striking out the sixth
section, so that this one amendment may be
considered as reserved. If there be no objec-
tion that order will be made, and it will be
considered as reserved.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to interpose an
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly a ma-
jority can reconsider, as it is within the time
for reconsideration. The Senator from Ver-
mont states that he was out of the Senate at
the time this section was voted upon, and he
desires to have it si ill pending in the Senate.
He can only reach it by reconsidering the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. That section was not an
amendment agieed to in committee.
1'he VICE PRESIDENT. It was a section
in the bill that was stricken out in committee,
and the amendment striking it out was con-
curred in by the Senate. It is now out of the
bill. If the Senator trom Rhode Island in-
sists on his point the Chair must take the
sense of the Senate on the reconsideration.
Mr. SPRAGUR. I suggest in the absence
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpex-
tku,] who moved that the section be stricken
out, courtesy to him, at any rate, would re-
quire that action should be delayed until he
should be present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly the same cour-
tesy is due to the Senator from Wisconsin that
was due to me, as I suppose we stand on a
precise equality. I was out yesterday when
the Senate struck out this section. He is out
to-day when I wish the Senate to vote on the
question of retaining it in an amended form,
so that I hope it will not be objectionable, it
is proper to say. also, that I shall regard my-
self as paired with the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, for yesterday when 1 was obliged to go
away he was kind enough to pair with me. I
had no idea that the bill would progress so far
that a vote could not be had in the Senate to-
day on the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont does not, desire that this shall
be now concurred m, but that it shall be re-
served for a vo^e in the Senate. It there be
no objection it will be regarded as reconsid-
ered and the amendment be reserved. It will
bethelhird reserved amendment. The second
is now before the Senate.
Mr. PIC NT ON. I was about to remark
that before this subject of subsidies is passed
by wholly, 1 desire to offer a compromise prop-
osition in regard to the Brazil mail service in
the form of an amendment, to come in in place
of lines twenty-live and twenty-six on page 7,
and 1 presume there will be no objection on
the part of any Senator to have the proposi-
tion made now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent, as the reserved amend-
ments must first be acted upon before the bill
is open to amendment by Senators.
Mr. FEN ION. If there is objection, of
course I will not offer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second
reserved amendment being pending, the Sen-
ator from New York desires now to offer a
compromise amendment, as he states, in re-
gard to the Brazil mail steamship service. If
the Senator will reserve his amendment for a
moment the Secretary will report the amend-
ment reserved by the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsey,] who desired that it should be
disagreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, made
as in Committee of the Whole, to strike out on
page 3, line forty-nine, the words " a printed
request to return the letter to the writer," and
to insert "the words 'if not delivered in
— days return to  .' "
Mr." WINDOM. My colleague is not here,
and as he and his committee were opposed to
this amendment, I am, for one, willing to sub-
mit it to the Senate without discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought not to
concur in that amendment. The chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
desired me to state that he hoped it would not
be concurred in.
Mr. WINDOM. The Committee on Ap-
propiiations think we ought, and the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads think we
ought not to concur in it. I am willing to
submit the matter to the Senate without any
further discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. The Postmaster General
thinks the law as it now is ought to remain just
as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurience. The Committee on Appro-
pi iations desire that the amendment be con-
curred in; the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads desire that it be not concurred in.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Let me detain the Sen-
ate one minute that I may understand the
question. The Committee on Appropriations
reported a section under which I may put upon
an envelope a request that the letter, if not
called for, shall be returned to me, the whole
of that request being in print.
Mr. POMEROY. It is just the other way.
That is the present law.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to know which
way the question presents itself. If we con-
cur in the amendment, do we enable those
who send envelopes to put in print the request
and their own name?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, we do not.
Mr. POMEROY. You have to write the
name.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely. Then those
in favor of allowing the privilege of putting
on the envelope, not only the request to return
if, but also printing the name ot the writer to
whom it is to be returned, must vote against
concurrence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it exactly.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I shall vote against
concurring.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of the largest
liberty. I wish to give the person who sends
a letter an opportunity of putling as much on
the outside as he chooses.
Mr. SAWYER. There is one word to be
said in reference to this matter for the inter-
ests of the public service. It saves a very
large amount of labor at the dead-letter office
it' the name of the party who writes the letter
and to whom it is to be returned is on the
letter. It diminishes the amount of service
required in the Post Office Department. I
am aware of the argument in favor of the
private manufacturers of envelopes, but I
have a sort of notion that the convenience of
the public and the advantage of the Govern-
ment are wonhy of consideration. I was not
present in the committee when the Committee
on Appropriations made the decision in ref-
erence to this matter which was made.
Mr. WINDOM. I think there may be one
word said in favor of the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations. The majority
of the cominitttee did not deem it good policy
for this Government to enter into competition
with private parties in the manufacture of
envelopes, which is the great objection now.
For one, I am in favor of curtailing it as much
as possible.
The question being taken, the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole was non-
concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third re-
served amendment is now before the Senate,
being the sixth section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For that I wish to offera
substitute.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask my friend from
Vermont to pardon me one minute. I want
to know again whether I am wrong in sup-
posing that by non-concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, on
which we have just voted, we have given
what the Senator from Massachusetts calls the
largest liberty to people to put on envelopes
what they choose?
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. You have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both proposi-
tions, however, only relate to the return of the
letter to the writer, but in different phrase-
ology.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to concur in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole with the following amendment, which
I ask the Secretary to read.
Tiie Chief Clerk. The amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole was to strike
out the sixth section of the bill. Before that
question is taken, the Senator from Vermont
moves to amend the section so as to make it
read :
That it shall not be lawful for any person who,
after sixty days from the passage of this act, shall
be an officer, clerk, or emploj e in any of the Execu-
tive Departments, to act as counsel, attorney, or
Hseut tor prosecuting any claim against the United
States which was pending in siiid Departments while
he was such officer, clerk, or employ^, nor in any
manner, nor by any means to aid in the prosecution
of any such claims within two years next after he
shall ha.ve ceased to be such officer, clerk, or em-
ploye; and any person violating the provisions
of this section shall be punished by imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or by fine not exceeding
$1,000, or both, as the court in its discretion shall
determine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to speak for two minutes upon this
substitute.
Mr. SUMNER. You are entitled to five.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know, but two are all
I ask when I once begin.
Everybody here, 1 think, agrees that as
things are now conducted under the authority
of law, for which the Departments are not
to blame, and for which these gentlemen who
go out of the Departments are not to blame,
an injury to the public service is committed;
men are exposed to temptations which they
would not otherwise be exposed to ; they are
led into doing things which are wrong in them-
selves which they would otherwise not be
led into. Now, then, here is an evil. The
only way to reform or correct that evil is to
take some step about it, and to prohibit that
sort of practice as counsel by men who choose
to take up employment under the Government
for a limited peiiod of time.
The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,]
who, I am soiry to see, is not now in his seat,
introduced a bill in 18G9 which was, in sub-
stance, to meet this very thing. It was then
drawn to our attention, but it was before we
had any specific men in this body whose duty
it was to be " reformers", over everybody else.
It was sent to the Committee on the Judiciary.
That commitlee examined it, believed in the
propriety of the principle that was involved
in it, and, I think I am safe in saying, unani-
mously reported the amendment which I have
now had read, except that I have given the
difference of sixty days' time forward as to
people who are now holding office, which that
bill did not. It was not acted on in the Sen-
ate owing to the pressure of business. Now
the House of Representatives has incorpor-
ated a provision more stringent than the one
I offer into this Post Office appropriation bill
for the purpose of correcting this evil.
