IMO
THE CONGKESSKWAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, to reimburse tile appropriation
for subsisting the Army with the value of rations
issued by officers of the Army far subsisting Indians
during the fiscal year Gilding June 30,1871, $282,893 69.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I move to
insert at the close of this paragraph the fol-
lowing :
So pay the claims of officers and privates for horses
and mules lost While in the service of tho United
States during the waf of the rebellion which hare
been and which may be allowed during the fiscal
year endiiig June 30,1872, $79,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would state
to the gentleman that thftt matter is regularly
estimated for, and will appear in the sundry-
civil bill.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I think it pro-
perly comes in as a deficiency. The Third
Auditor states that one hundred and fourteen
cases of these claims have been already audit-
ed, and in 1870 Congress suspended the appro-
priation for the payment of these claims, many
of them have been audited since, and I think
the appropriation is properly a deficiency. If
the Committee on Appropriations will, how-
ever, put it in the general appropriation bill,
I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have had
no estimate asking an appropriation for a
deficiency for this purpose.
Mr. CREBS. As I understand it; this comes
in appropriately in the sundry civil appropria-
tion bill. There is no estimate for a deficiency.
Mr. PARl£ER, of Missouri. It is in the
estimates, but if the subject is before the com-
mittee and they will insert it in the jfeneral
appropriation bill E will not insist on my
atnenament, but I shall insist on putting it in
that bill, if they do not, when it comes before
the House. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read the following paragraph;
Signal Offioe:
Observation and report of storms : for manufac-
ture, purcbasc, or repair of meteorological and other
necessary instruments: for telegraphing reports;
for expenses of storm-signals, announcing probable
approach and force of storms; for instrument shel-
ters ; for biro, furnituro, and oxponsoof offices main-
tained for publia uso in cities or posts reoeiving
reports; for maps, bulletins, &e., to bo displayed in
Chambers of Commerce and Hoard of Trade_rooms,
and for distribution; for books and stationery:
and for ineidentel oxponses not othonviso provided
for, $61,000.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by reduciog the amount
proposed to be appropriated by the sum of
$20,000. I would like some information upon
this subjcct as to what is to be the limit of the
cost of this signal office. Are we to be guided
biniply by the opinions and judgment of the
chief signal officer as to the amount to be
appropriated? There arc mixed up in this
paragraph a great many things. I find that
this appropriation is for meteorological and
other necessary instruments, for telegraphing
reports, for expenses of storm-signals, for
inntrument-sheltevs, for offices maintained for
public use in cities or ports receiving reports,
for maps, bulletins, &c., to be displayed in
Chambers of Commerce and Board of Trade
rooms, for books and stationery, and for inci-
dental expenses. There is a grouping together
heie of a great many things. I have in my
hand a book of two hundred pages, not printed
at the Government Printing Office, but at a
private establishment in this city, and paid for
by the signal office. It is a book entirely made
up of extracts from different newspapers in the
United States.
Mr. SARGENT. How does the gentleman
know that was not printed by private funds?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I was so informed,
and I believe it to be true. Has the gentleman
any other knowledge upon the subject?
Mr. SARGENT. I think the evidence that
it was not printed at the Government Printing
Office is proof that it could not have been paid
for out of an appropriation by Congress.
_ Mr. FARNSWOKTH. I judge'from the
title of the book, which is as follows :
War Department; office of the chief signal officer;
division of telegrams and reports for the benefit of
commerce.
Correspondence and reports m reference to the
observation and report of storms, by telegraph and
signal, for the benefit of commerce.
Washington, IX C.: R. Beresford, 1719 Pennsyl-
vania avenue, 1872.
Now, this bill proposes an appropriation for
printing just such books as this, just sueh
books and publications as the chief of this
signal office may see fit to have printed. He
is to have no guide but his own judgment and
will. There may be publications that will be
worth the money. But this book of two hun-
dred pages is made up of nothing but extracts
from newspapers, and a few private letters
which it seems to be the main office of this
establishment to collect. Now I think there
should be some guide in this matter; if our
money is to be expended in this way, we should
know by what rule it is to be done. There
should be some restriction on these publica-
tions, and there should be a requirement that
this printing should be done at the Govern-
ment Printing Office, where it will cost much
less than at private establishments. And there
should also be some restriction upon the kind
of printing to be done.
I am aware that this signal officer has the
commendation of various Boards of Trade and
agencies of that kind in the country. But I
am also aware that the Chambers of Commerce
and Boards of Trade of this country have sanc-
tioned and indorsed pretty much every scheme
that has ever been presented to Congress, and
have indorsed both sides of every scheme.
As my friend from Iowa [Mr. Palmer] is
aware, they are for postal telegraphs and
against postal telegraphs. To my mind, al-
though Boards of Trade and Chambers of Com-
merce are generally made up of men of very
large business capacity, of very excellentmen,
of men of sense, it is not proper that we
should legislate in favor of every single scheme
that they may recommend. I think they are
more inclined to pay attention to making
money, to the price of stocks, to the price of
grain, &c., than they are to such things as
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire only
to say that the Committee on Appropriations
have put this item in this bill in obedience to
what they believed to be a general desire on
the part of the House. This work has been
considerably extended during the past year at
the request of Chambers of Commerce and
Boards of Trade; the approach of storms has
been observed in quarters not befere provided
for. I have no evidence that any printing
which we are paying for has been done out-
side of the Government Printing Office, and
tho gentleman has no such evidence so far as
appears in his statement. I have nothing
further to say on this question. I leave it to
the judgment of the House, yielding the re-
mainder of my time to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who is very
familiar with this matter.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the operations
of this signal office were commenced on small
mean s; but though its operations have increased
largely, they have not kept pace with the ad-
vance of science or the demands of the public.
This office has made one of the most wonder-
ful exhibitions of the successful application of
science to the use of mankind. The advan-
tages of this application of the laws of storms
to the business of life, the guidance which it
affords to the mariner upon the ocean, the sea-
coast, and the lakes, and the consequent saving
of life and property have been such as to jus-
tify the most liberal appropriations, not only
in support of this office upon the plan on which
it has been conducted, but in furnishing every
facility for enlarging its operations and extend-
ing its investigations. Applications for the
extension of further encouragement by Con-
gress to the operations of this office have been
presented here from almost every Chamber of
Commerce, every sea-port and lake-port in the
land. This enterprise is in my opinion one
which justifies the most rigid economist in
giving it most liberal and generous support.
Instead of cutting down the expenditures of
this office, I would almost be willing, under the
present management, to give a carte blanche
to the gentleman who has charge of it, so
enthusiastic and so absorbed is he in this one
undertaking, forgetting all things else than
the advancement of this science, and its
applications to the uses of mankind.
Mr. COGHLAN. For the purpose of mak-
ing a brief statement, I move to amend by
striking oat the last word. Within the last
few days I have received from California a
newspaper printed in my own town, which
states that one of the citizens of the county in
which I reside, happening to be in San Fran-
cisco and looking over the weather reports as
sent out by this office, saw that a great storm
was predicted, and believing in the wonderful
prophetic power, as I may almost call it, of
this office, he telegraphed to people in Sonoma
county to drive out of his tule plantation all
of his stock, which consisted of some six hun-
dred head of cattle. Upon the faith of this
telegram men gathered together and drove out
those cattle. The next morning, by nine
o'clock, those tules were covered with eight
feet of water. Thus in that one instance a
citizen of my county saved by the action of
this office $30,000 worth of property. Yet
gentlemen here ask why tho Government
should appropriate $41,000 for the assistance
of this office which is doing so much for the
people of the United States. I have made
this statement as an illustration of the prac-
tical workings of this office. I hope the com-
mittee will not strike out any portion of this
appropriation, hut that they will do all in their
power to aid this office and give it further
facilities for carrying out the great work which
it has inaugurated. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment withdrawn by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargext.] On this subject I have
only such general information as is contained
in some extracts from newspapers printed in
this book, and which highly glorify the system.
I, and I presume most of the other members
of this House, have an indefinite idea that there
is probably something in this enterprise; but,
how much I do not know. For my own part,
I have no definite information. I inquire in
good faith (I think the information will be in-
teresting to members of the House if any gen-
tleman is in possession of the facts) whether
any shipwrecks have been avoided, whether
any lives have been saved. I would like to
know in what particular instance this system
has been a benefit to commerce.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will state one well-authenticated in-
stance of the beneficial influence which these
predictions have upon commerce. After this
signal system was established, there lay one
night in the harbor of Milwaukee twenty sloops
loaded with wheat, each of them carrying a
cargo worth about fifty thousand dollars, and
all of them intending to go to sea that night.
One of the captains of one of the sloops read
this report of the signal office, and, struck by
it, ealied together the other captains, and
twenty concluded to stay in port and not go to
sea. A steamer went to sea, and was wrecked,
and all the lives on board were lost. Of
course you cannot tell what would have been
the fate of the sloops. But the fact is as I
have stated.
I wish also to say to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farjjsworth] that the advantage
of this system of observation is not confined
to seamen. It is shared also by others. The
pork-packers of Cincinnati have adopted these
reports as rules to guide them. They pack
their pork in accordance with the signs of the
weather indicated by the operations of the
signal office, _ And Jhe.same.may be said of
