1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223?
comparatively small importance as that involved in
the bill under consideration.
" Sir, why is this ? Why is it that the mind of the
American people is to-day centered upon one great
question 1 It is because, throughout all pur public
departments, national, State, and municipal, there
is a general state of demoralization ; that, judging
the American people by their Government, and the
American Union for what is said of our public offi-
cials, we have sunk low indeed."
Here is a general charge of corruption
throughout "the whole range of the public
service." These charges, indefinite and un-
supported as they are, now form the entire
political stock in trade of the Opposition to
the Republican party. A few days ago I heard
a distinguished and eloquent gentleman, not a
member of this House, say with an earnestness
which indicated his belief that there was much
force in the remark, that "ignoring charges
does not remove them." The remark is true,
but not very forcible ; but it is both true and
forcible to say that making charges does not
prove (hem. Let us see this " corruption,"
"profligacy," "waste," and "extravagance"
with which the whole civil service "teems;"
point it out; let us see just where it exists;
show it to us in the State Department, for
instance, to which the gentleman from Mary-
land pays so high and merited a tribute.
You have a committee on the expenditures
in each one of the Departments. There are
two or three Democrats on each of those com-
mittees ; and they were ordered by this House
in the first week of the session to make a thor-
ough investigation of all the operations of the
several Departments. Let them exhibit the
waste, and we will stop the leak ; let them
uncover the profligacy, and we will expose it
to the condemnation of mankind ; let them
unearth the corruption, and we will cleanse
and disinfect its habitations. Hold up the
corruption to the gaze of men, and we will be
foremost to assist you to scourge it from the
temple; but until you can show that the
former days were better than these, that there
is indeed degeneracy, that corruption, waste,
and extravagance do prevail, let there be
silence at least "for the space of half an
hour."
Very forcibly and very truly the distin-
guished gentleman says that, judging the
American Union by "what is said of our
public officials, we have sunk low indeed."
By "what is said" of them! Is that the way
to judge men? Is the gentleman from New
York ready to come t<* this standard? Can
he abide this test and take the oath required
of him when he becomes a member of this
House? No, sir. We judge men by their acts
The people will judge the present Adminis-
tration and its appointees by their acts, and
not by what political partisans say of them.
Why, sir, I could impeach the Deity himself
of high crimes and misdemeanors, to judge
by this standard. Satan said of Him, "He
holds the tyranny of heaven."
It is natural for us to be influenced some-
what by our immediate surroundings, and to
judge the rest of the world by that which is
nearest to us. The man who lives in a strong
Democratic locality readily concludes that the
country is going Democratic at the next elec-
tion. The Chinaman thinks the best civiliza-
tion on earth exists inside the Chinese wall.
The Mormon listens to a sermon by Orson
Pratt, and verily believes that Mormonism is
the little stone hewn out of the mountain,
that is to break in pieces all the kingdoms of
the earth. And he who dwells under the bale-
ful shadow of Tammany; who has for years
looked with unavertedeyeon its hideous quad-
rupedal image ; who has seen it reach out its
hundred hands and steal its scores of millions;
who has witnessed its mighty "corruption,
profligacy, waste, and extravagance," until
the iron may have entered his own soul,
may possibly have become afflicted with a
mental hallucination which carries the image
of the " Bobs" evermore about with him, and
compels him to see the hideous formwherever
he may look; and therefore I excuse the gen-
tleman from .New York for repeating these
groundless charges.
Why, sir, if these allegations were true,
does any sane man believe that the Dem-
ocratic party would present to the American
people the humiliating spectacle it does to-
day, stealing our principles and begging us to
loan it a candidate? Make good your charges,
and the tire of the people's indignation will
burn to the bottom of the deepest corruption.
You will have no need to come to us for a
candidate, or for your principles, as yon did
in Connecticut; but you can move to victory
under your own trusted leaders, who from
Nebo's top have been gazing over into the
" promised land" for, "lo, these many years."
But let me warn you that, having failed to sub-
stantiate your charges, the hot anger of the
people will burn against you. They will rec-
ognize our principles in your hands as stolen
goods; and if we loan you a candidate, he will
return to us haggard and unkempt, tattered
and battered and bruised; his stomach filled
only with such husks as the swine might eat;
hungry for light and warmth and truth.
I ask for specific, instead of these general
charges, and I shall perhaps be pointed to the
late defalcations in the Treasury, and to the
New York custom-house. And for these let
us see how much blame is to be attached to
the present Administration. The delinquents
iu the Treasury were not President Grant's
appointees. His administration found them
in their places when it came into power. To
all outward seeming they were carefully at-
tending to their duties, and the Administration
could not know that they were corrupt. Yet
they were exposed, and how? Not by out-
siders, but by the Treasury officials. The
stern hand of justice was lifted at once; it
has fallen upon them with crushing force. A
long imprisonment is added to a heavy fine,
and they are now undergoing the punishment.
But the custom-house 1 Very well, let us
probe that tumor on our civil service. No
doubt corrupt and illicit practices have existed
there. But these practices are more than
three years of age. They have existed many
years. All parties have permitted them to
exist. They have continued through four Ad-
ministrations at least; and at last a strong
hand is laid upon them, and they are about to
be plucked up by the roots.
And now, as soon as these evils are touched ;
as soon as there is an earnest effort made to
remove them, the responsibility for their exist-
ence is charged on the Administration that is
cutting them out. You say, ferret out the
abuses; it is the road to reform That is true,
and the Administration is treading this path-
way of reform firmly, persistently, and contin-
uously. Severer tests are applied than ever
before, so that it is well-nigh impossible for
the guilty to escape exposure. Surely this is
commendable; it is following the line of duty ;
it leads straight to purification, and yet, as
soon as a fraud or a defalcation is found and
exposed, and the guilty one arrested and
brought to punishment, our ears are assailed
with lusty cries of "corruption of public offi-
cials," as though the prosecutors were theerim-
inals. The Administration might escape the
censure by concealing the frauds, but it follows
the guilty with relentless and unsparing band,
and then it is censured because it has done
just what everybody demands it shall do. You
say, "Hunt out the rascals from your sixty
thousand employes, purify the public ser-
vice;" and then as soon as one is found and
exposed you all cry in chorus, "Oh, what a
fearfully corrupt Administration." When a
surgeon removes a dangerous tumor do you
punish him for its existence and growth ? Do
you put a detective on the track of a criminal
and when he has restored to you your prop-
erty, and brought the thief to justice, do you
curse him for his work? How many Crimea
would be unearthed if we laid the crimes at
the doors of those who unearth, them ?
A distinguishedgentleman, notamember of
this House, has been very sharply and harshly
criticised for the expression of the opinion that
our civil service is the best in the world, and
the country has been assured that, on the con-
trary, it is the worst in the world. It is suscep-
tible of proof that the latter expression is not
true, and if wo may judge by some of the lead-
ing nations of Europe, the former expression
is much more nearly con-ect. At any rate if
our civil service is not the " best in the world.1'
it is far better in economy of collection of the
revenues than any country of Europe whose
figures I have been able to obtain.
The Almanack de Gotha for 1872, the very
highest authority, gives the following as the
cost of collecting the revenue in the countries
named during their last fiscal year:
France—"Revenue, 3.193,938,492 francs; cost of col-
lection, 228,492,255 francs; about seven per cent, of
cost.
Russia.—Revenue, 450.000,000 roubles; cost of col-
lection, 50,000,000 roubles; about eleven per cent, of
cost.
Italy—Revenue, 1,400,000,000 lire; cost of collec-
tion, 165,000,000 lire; about twelve percent, of cost.
Great Britain—Revenue, £70,000,001); cost of col-
lection, £5,300,000; about seven and a half per cent,
of cost.
Germany is not given.
The United States stands thus: revenue collected
during last fiscal year, $383,323,944; cost of collec-
tion, $19,284,920; perccntago of cost about five per
cent.
In the face of these figures it ia not becom-
ing to say that our civil service is the worst
in the world ; or that profligacy, waste, and
extravagance characterize every department
of the Government. If we compare our civil
service with that of other countries, the ex-
hibit is most favorable to us, and if we com-
pare its present condition with its condition
under former Administrations, we shall find
that there has been more reform introduced
than during any other three years of our
history. The Administration has faithfully
sought for abuses, has exposed and brought to
justice corrupt officials and violators of the
law, and has introduced greater efficiency and
closer economy into every branch of depart-
mental business. Official integrity _ has been
elevated by weeding out with uuyielding sever-
ity those who have proven to be corrupt.
True, there is an occasional delinquent, and
whenever one is discovered the attention of
the country is zealously called to the fact that
there is corruption in the public service, while
we are supposed to overlook the more import-
ant fact that the Administration itself exposed
the faithless officials.
Since the 4tli day of March, 1869, the total
loss of public funds through defalcation or
embezzlement is $1,262,963, and of this sum a
portion will probably be recovered on the offi-
cial bonds. Under the Presidency of Andrew
Johnson there were two defalcations, which
alone nearly equaled this amount: Whitaker
and May in 1867, $850,000; Steadman, in first
Louisiana district, $212,336.
It should also be remembered that of the
defalcations which have occurred during the
la^t three years, nearly all have been the cases
of persons appointed under previous Adminis-
trations ; and all that the present Adminis-
tration can be held responsible for, is the
exposure, arrest, and punishment of the guilty.
The total number of those guilty of official
misconduct during the last three years was,
on the 4th of March last, 202. Of these bat
thirty-nine were appointees of the present
Administration. One hundred and thirty-seven
were appointed under Johnson s administra-
tion, and the few remaining are to be divided
between Buchanan and Lincoln, and the Army
and Navv; the whole amount of the defalca-
tions of the thirty-nine-being but little more
than a quarter of a million of dollars.
The receipts of the Government for the three
