1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
393
"42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Ames.
Senate.
APPENDIX Gr.
We subjoin the list of exports and valuesin
currency, (except specie,) for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 1871, as the figures are sug-
gestive and will afford a theme for profitable
consideration :
Cotton $218,327,109
Specie  84,403,359
Breadstaffs -  79,380.787
Petroleum  35,969,539
Cheese  8,752,990
Lard  10,563.020
.Bacon  8,126,683
Pork  4,302,320
Beef  3,825,666
Tobacco  19,908,797
Oil-cake  4,160,021
Fire-arms  13,463,916
Wooden ware    12,916,542
Total $504,100,749
Extension of Ku Klux Act.
SPEECH OF HON. ADELBERT AMES,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate of the United States,
May 20, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bil
(S. No. 656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20,1871—
Mr. AMES said:
Mr. President : When my colleague wasnot
pronouncing the personal pronoun " I," when
he was not, telling of his plantation in Coahoma
county, when he was not misrepresenting the
State of Mississippi—and I now declare that
he has misrepresented it in nearly everything
he has uttered here to-night—he did me the
honor to refer to me. He intimated and stated
substantially that I had no business-here.
These very carpet baggers whom he now abuses
and the freedmen in that State elected him
and me at the same time. If I am not entitled
to my position here, he certainly is not to his.
It is undoubtedly true that were it not for
the war neither of us would be here to-
night; but we came different roads. My col-
league went from a free country earlier than I
did; he lived there longer, to be sure. He is
one of the natives, he is oue of the high-
toned cbivalric gentlemen of the State. On
the other hand, I am simply from Yankee-
land; I fought my way lo the State of Mis-
sissippi during the war by my own right, arm.
Where was my colleague then? When the
war begun, fired with military ardor, he
buckled on his saber and went to the front.
He called forth the young men of his district,
he fired their southern hearts, and led them
to the battle-field. Did he remain with them
during the war? No; only long enough to
get a taste of it. He may have been one of
those who thought that the war would end in
a fortnight, and he enlisted for three months.
I am always amused when my colleague
speaks; but I was very much amused the
other day when he resented a remark made
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conk-
lino,] who referred to the late rebels as mon-
uments of the magnanimity of our Govern-
ment. My colleague took offense at that.
Jeff. Davis might: Lee might; Johnston
might; my colleague did ; and what did he
do? He staved in that war some two or three
or four months, and then retired to this planta-
tion in Coahoma county and remained there
the rest .of the time. Sir, had we had only
such rebels to meet we would have had no
war; my colleague and I would not have been
here now.
Then he has stated from time to time what
"I am." He said, "1 have been elected
here repeatedly : all parties have elected me;
I was elected under the State as reconstructed
by Johnson, then President, and elected by
the Legislature of the State as reconstructed
by Grant " Everybody voted for him. He
gives the figures and the time when it occurred.
He told you that when elected to his place
the last time the Democrats and Republicans
voted for him. It is a fact that we often go to
a circus to see a man ride two horses at the
same time, but then you must bear in mind
that those two horses are always going in the
same direction, and still it is a feat never
seen successfully executed anywhere else.
But my colleague comes here aud tells you,
" I can ride half a dozen parties at the same
time; now I am astride of the Republican
and Democratic parties in the State ot Missis-
sippi." Certainly they are going different
ways, but still he says, " Behold me 1 how
gloriously I ride!" As a matter of course,
the man who undertakes to ride two horses at
the same time or to ride on the crest of two
parties at the same "time generally soon finds
none at all under him; and that is exactly
the case with this colleague of mine who
talks about " my people," " my State," " my
plantation," "myself." He has been re-
pudiated by both parties and then comes here
and dares to state to me that I am a carpet-
bagger and have no right in the State and am
the representative of but the extreme radical
wing of the party.
As I have stated, I found my way to Missis-
sippi through much blood and over many
battle-fields. I had the right to go there. I
have the right to stay there if I do not own a
plantation in Coahoma county.
One of the facts, the truthful facts stated
by my colleague, was that when I was there I
was the presiding officer of a military commis-
sion which tried some white people, some of
these chivalric sons of the State, for Kuklux-
ing colored men. That was one of his facts,
one of his truths. I was the presiding officer
of one or two military commissions to try
these murderers for offenses upon these poor,
ignorant, innocent colored men; but m no
instance did we convict them. The deed was
done; their huts were burned ; they were shot
down ; some hung, some mutilated. The
prominent men of the county were brought
before us and not one of them knew anything
about it. Many were present at the house
after it had been partly destroyed. They saw
the negro hanging to a tree; they saw the man
lying on'the ground with his brains blown out j
but they did not know anything about it. In
that school was I educated. The same com-
plaints came up to us from all parts of the State.
By good or bad fortune, I was placed in com-
mand of that district, and as such had entire
control of the military power there, and when
there I obeyed the dictates of my own con-
science aud attempted to give the colored
people protection. My colleague attempts to
show that 1 did not succeed. He does not
show that I did not try, and in trying I secured
the confidence and good will of the people I
tried to protect. He succeeded me. He tried,
and he says he succeeded; but he failed to
bring with him after his effort the confidence
of these same people who gave their confidence
to me, these same poor colored people and
the Union people of the State who had been
oppressed.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferrt,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Does the Senator
yield to his colleague? "*
Mr. AMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to state right here
that I would have been saved the expenditure
of some muscle and some time if the state-
ment of the Senator was true. He simply
deals out a rehash now of those who assailed
me in Mississippi. Instead of serving three
months in tbe Army, I will st^te to the Sena-
tor that I served eighteen months ^ „ .
Mr. AMES. That is a long time!
Mr. ALCORN. And I will state to the
Senator another thing as an evidence of how
I seryed, that but three months before the war
was closed Governor Clark, who was then
Governor of the State, a maimed soldier, ten-
dered tome the command of the entire militia
of the State, which I declined. I will state to
the Senator, if it will be any further gratifica-
tion to him, that after I declined the com-
mand of the militia of the State at that time I
volunteered as a private and went into the
ranks, showing that while I had, as I had
avowed myself, no confidence in the success of
the revolution, having yielded my pledge that
I would stand by the revolution in the hour
when all my kith and kin and all that was dear
to me were moving off from the revolution and
from the government, I stood by that pledge.
I did not say that the Senator did not try to
execute the law in Mississippi. I believe he
did. But I have tried to show that with, the
military force at his back, with the law in his
own hands, with all the power that could exist
in the hands of a military despot at his com-
mand, he was not able to punish one single
person; that with the law in his own hands,
when he could make the law to suit himself,
with no restraints of constitution, with no re-
straints of statute, with the power to send out
at his will and try by drum-head court-martial,
he was not able to punish a single man. He
was not able to find the murderers at Dry
Grove, within twenty miles of his headquarters.
I offered this as something to extenuate the
charge that was made by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] that the State courts
had failed to convict a single person.
Mr. AMES. My colleague is, as usual,
inaccurate in his statements. As military
Governor, I did succeed in punishing persons
for these outrages.
Mr. ALCORN. How many?
Mr. AMES. One or more.
Mr. ALCORN. ''One or morel" The
Senator will allow me to say that there is a
petition here now—I had forgotten tbe case—
before the President for the pardon of a man
who it is proved by a number of witnesses,
was wrongfully sent to the penitentiary for
some offense in the State of Mississippi. Re-
publicans are here testifying—I have seen the
record—to the effect that there is not a ques-
tion existing in their minds but that the pun-
ishment was inflicted to the wrong and injury
of that man. I know not the man, I am
acquainted with none of the circumstances ;
but upon suspicion this man was taken up, and
upon circumstantial evidence convicted, and
some of the witnesses have since retracted,
as I understand; I do not know the fact,
but I understand that some of the witnesses
who testified against him have since that time
made the statement and given testimony that
they were mistaken with regard to the facts
and testified under a misapprehension. That
man is in the penitentiary. I am told he was
put there when the Senator was military Gov-
ernor, or rather when ho presided at some
military court-martial; for, if I understand
aright, this person was convicted before he
was made tbe provisional Governor of Mis-
sissippi. I think the proof shows that. I am
not sure, however with regard to.it.
Mr.'AMES. I imagine that my colleague's
Ku Klux friends could prove almost anything
they pleased in reference to this man; they
usually do. My colleague, it strikes me, is
exceedingly unfortunate in his statements.
He has produced a letter, and it was a very
fortuitous one, from the present Governor of
the State that pence reigns in Mississippi.
He' was met at every point by the Senator
from Indiana next to me, [Mr. Pbatt,] and
the whole drift and purport o! .what was said,
by him was refuted by the Senator from Indi-
