1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3133
I hope that Senators will be willing to take
up this measure of reform that we have been
acting upon in a certain way and in a certain
I - degree for two or three years and adopt it
jjv and try the experiment. If it is found tliat it
jrJ /works injustice or wrong to anybody, then it
i' will be easy enough to repeal the law. But
f there being an admitted evil, and there being
| this only way of reaching that evil, of making
> it unlawful to pursue it longer, I hope that we
shall agree to it without any serious objection.
s That is all I wish to say.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
; on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
to amend the section.
; Mr. ALCORN. I am sure that I shall
> always be found voting for all proper restric-
tions on dishonest practices iu the Govern-
ment, but it does seem to me in this case that
the amendment which is offered will not reach
; the end that is proposed ; and if the end is
reached, it is not proper. Upon what conceiv-
able idea is it that you desire to restrict the
fclerks now in the Departments here from prac-
ticing before the Court of Claims? It is upon
the implied idea that there is information
within the knowledge of a clerk, valuable to
" a citizen, which he will use if he has power
to do so. Is it the interest of the Govern-
ment, and does it desire to conceal any facts
from the citizen? What is it that the clerk
can show on account of his familiarity with
the Department except the records? And if
there be facts there valuable to the citizen,
valuable in advancing the ends of justice, facts
known to the clerk, and which are perhaps
not attainable by the citizen, does the Govern-
ment desire that those facts shall remain ob-
scure, that they shall remain hidden from the
citizen and from the country? The Govern-
ment surely does not wish to deprive the man
of knowledge from practicing in the Court of
Claims ? Is its highest pleasure the defeat of
justice? If a clerk has information within
his knowledge, that information is at the ser-
vice, it seems to me, of the citizen. You
put no padlock on his lips when he goes
into your Departments to conceal anything
which he may discover that is valuable to
any of the citizens of this Government, and
if you put no padlock on his lips, then there
is no reason, it seems to me, why he should not
be permitted to go forward and practice in the
courts in as full a measure as he could go
forward and communicate any information he
might have to others. It is leading the
country to expect that by this we are to shut
off one of the avenues of corruption, when in
truth and in fact I cannot see how it is to
work that result. If the honorable Senator
would show me that it will work that result, I
will go with him with the greatest cheerful-
ness ; but I cannot, for my life, see it, and it
looks to me as if we were seeking here
to hide from the people the records of the
various Departments, fearing that they might,
if the facts were made known to them, dis-
cover the truth, that there was there a claim
in favor of a citizen which could be estab-
lished from the records. The records are
public property, spread out for all the world
to read ; and we have our officers to adjudicate
and to award the judgment that may be eli-
cited after hearing the -proofs and reading the
testimony ; and the man who is best informed
with regard to the records, who has the
means of speaking, and who can speak most
intelligently and fully from that records, is the
man above all others whose voice should be
listened to in adjudicating the case involving
the interests of the Government and the inter-
ests of the citizen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must be excused for
making a short reply to my honorable friend
from Mississippi. He says that wherever there
is truth it ought not to be concealed, and that
the truth is the property of the whole people.
So it is. But I wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi if he is so desirous of
maintaining the truth as that he would be will-
ing to have a law or a custom or a practice
which should authorize the Supreme Court
(which we suppose to be the highest of any
human tribunal above improper influences) to
consider its judgments in public, to have the
public admitted to its consultation-room to
examine the notes and the evidence that it
has before it and to make such suggestions
from time to time as might occur to the free
citizens of the United States. "I pause for
a reply," to use a very common phrase.
Mr. ALCORN. Does the gentleman desire
me to respond now ? If so, I certainly will
respond to that with great pleasure. On
account of the legal learning of its members,
the Supreme Court is fixed here as one of the
branches of this Government presumed to
understand the law of the case; and they
having the record before them adjudicate upon
the testimony, the record, and the proof that
is brought before them, and they do not wish
intruders; their knowledge is complete, the
facts being before them. _ But who, I would
ask the honorable gentleman, is better calcu-
lated to bring before that court the facts of
the case than the man who is familiar with
the record, who can not only produce the
record but can elaborate that record before
the court so as to enlighten them upon all the
facts in the case? I do not say that one of
these persons would be a competent person to
preside in the adjudication of these cases ; but
it is simply as a means of throwing light upon
the question and giving information, which
information is always safe when lodged in the
keeping of the judiciary of the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend does not an-
swer the question; but he seems to concede
apparently that it would be a very unwise and
improper thing on grounds of public policy
to have the truth in the Supreme Court of
the United States open to everybody's seek-
ing, to have the judges telling how they stood
on questions or anything of that kind. I am
sure the honorable Senator would not be in
favor of opening the jury-room to the visita-
tions of the public, and to have them observed
and criticised and confabulated with while in
the performance of their duties. I am pretty
sure that the honorable gentleman would not
be willing to have a judge descend from the
bench and conduct as counsel a cause that
he had just had under adjudication before him
and which was continued. It would violate
all our ideas of public propriety, for there is
a moral in it. I am sure the honorable Sen-
ator is not so much in favor of truth in partic-
ular, if lie is in the abstract, as he describes
it, as to make it the duty of every lawyer, or
the right of any lawyer, or any lawyer's clerk,
to disclose the secret facts that his client had
communicated to him, although they were
truths. I am sure the honorable Senator
would not go so far as to be willing that a
physician, or a newspaper reporter, if you
please, should undertake to lay before the
public what may be disclosed to him, unless
the purposes of justice should require it when
he should be called as a witness. Surely, he
should not be at least allowed to volunteer on
such a question.
Now, what is the state of this Government?
It is true it is a Government to secure the
rights of everybody ; but the rights of every-
body are consolidated in the Governmentitself,
and it is protecting the rights of everybody
when it is undertaking to protectitself against
frauds and unjust claims. The trouble m al-
lowing these Departments to be open to every-
body is not the disclosure of the facts that are
there, but it is the disclosure of facts that are
not there, if I may use an Irishism; it is to
enable people who are sharp and unscrupu-
lous to see exactly what facts are wanting to
make out a case, and then to find the witness
who will swear to a lie to make up on the
record, by affidavit or otherwise, what is want-
ing, and to use the influence that he may have
possessed from a knowledge of all the clerks
in a particular Department as to who was ap-
proachable, who can be got to pass a claim
which ought not to be passed, and to share
with him in the plunder to be obtained by it.
This is the abuse which I supposed until
this moment everybody agreed existed. There
have been differences as to how it ought to be
corrected, but I never before heard anybody
deny that it was a great scandal and reproach
to this Republic that people were constantly
leaving the Departments and then constantly
wiggling through claims, sometimes enorm-
ous, which when they occupied official posi-
tion they had refused to pass because the
proof under the law was not adequate to the
emergency, and then wiggled them through in
some indirect and improper way. That is
the abuse, that is the wrong.
Now, Mr. President, do you wish to correct
it? If you do, you must take some step. It
may happen that in correcting that wrong, as
in correcting every other, you exclude an
honest man from practice for a couple of
years. The honest man will gladly submit.
Mr. MORTON. I ask what has become of
the five-minutes rule?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been in
force. The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
monds] was about to be arrested at the end of
his five minutes : but as he was evidently con-
cluding the Chair allowed him to go on a quarter
of a minute beyond that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For which I apologize.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The five-minutes
rule has been in force.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to it, and I do it as gladly in
the case of the Senator from Vermont as any
body. That Senator in the first place offered
an amendment and addressed the Senate upon
it, if not for five miuutes, for very nearly five
minutes. Then another Senator having spoken
on that amendment, the Senator from Ver-
mont proceeded a second time to speak, which
I submit to the Chair he had no right to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from New York that under
the fourth rule each Senator has a right to
speak not " more than twice in anyone debate
on the same day without leave of the Senate."
Mr. CONKLING. So that under the five-
miimtes rule each Senator may speak twice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The fourth rule
says he may speak twice in any one debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not the five-minutes
rule, where it operates, supersede the rule
which the Chair has read? I think the five-
minutes rule is to the effect that each Senator
may speak five minutes. Possibly it might be
held to mean that he could occupy five minutes
on two occasions, speaking each time a frac-
tion of the five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
by referring to the restriction of the five-min-
utes rule that probably, as the Senator from
New York states, the effect of it would be,
though it was not moved as an amendment to the
standing rules, to limit the fourth rule so that a
Senator would have to move an amendment
to an amendment in order to speak the second
timo; and the Chair thinks that was the sense
of the Senate when the point was suggested
before by the Chair.
Mr. STB W AllT. Mr. President  
Mr. CASSBRLY. Do I understand that
the Chair has made a ruling on the subject?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada is now entitled to the floor.
After the conclusion of his remarks, the Chair
will recognize the Senator from California and
answer the inquiry.
Mr. STEWART. I only want to call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont to the
real difficulty in my mind about this amend-
ment, and then I will give up my time to him.
