SI 34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
In the first place, suppose a person is willing
to commit a fraud on the Government as lie
supposes, is there any difficulty in getting a
third party to appear for him ?
Mr. EDilUNDS. That will apply to all
penal laws.
Mr. STEWART. Again, I suppose as to
those who want to do simple routine business,
lie would not wish to deprive them of the right.
It seems to me the measure is so improper
that the real thing would be to arrange some-
thing by which the Government would be pro-
tected and not have these ex parte bearings.
It seems to me the only parties who would be
affected by I his are those who are honest and
want to do routine business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now answer the question of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Casserly.] Examining the
two rules, the Chair thinks they are both sub-
ject to be construed together. The fourth rule
is the general rule in regard to debate, that
"no Senator shall speak more than twice in
any one debate on the same day without
leave of the Senate, which question shall be
decided without debate." But the rale 111
regard to appropriation bills is a specific rule
governing only debate on appropriation bills,
and that confines deb ite "on amendments
thereto to live minutes by any Senator on the
pending motion and, therefore, in regard to
api>rupiiation bills there is but five minutes'
speech on auy pending motion by any Senator,
unlesn that motion is changed by ail amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. I move, in oider to be
heard in reply to the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Eiimuxds,] to strike out the last woid 111
liis amendment, if that be necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi moves to amend the pro-
posed amendment to the section by striking
out. the last word.
Mr. ALCOi'N. Now, sir, I will not detain
the Senate, I think, more than half my five
minutes. I have no interest in this matter.
I am not the representative of any of the
clerks. I am not the friend of any party who
desires to become an advocate in any of the
courts from which this amendment proposes
to exclude the clerks. Neither am lone of
those who suppose that there have been 110
frauds practiced upon this Government. I
have not that familiar acquaintance with the
frauds that have been practiced upon this Gov
eminent which is presumed to exist by those
Senatots who are here to-day and represent
the past legislation of the country. 1 am
here, however, to state to the Senator from
Vermont that I am willing to go w.tli him in
cutting off every possible avenue within the
reach of those who desire to perpetrate frauds
on the Government, and also to say to him
that. I do not think there is any virtue in his
amendment. He describes a character of
buccaneers who he concludes are ready to
gain information in the Treasury, and then
to use that information in the capacity of
attorneys to wrong the Government. I pre-
fer to huve such a man in the capacity of an
attorney if he be this buccaneer that is de-
scribed by the Senator from Vermont, rather
than that he should be the ciiminal who, as
clerk in his place, is ready to lend himself
while a, clerk to defraud the Government. If
there be in office a clerk so coriuptthat when
he has taken upon himself the oath of an
attorney he will supply testimony and suborn
witnesses, that, man is corrupt enough while
he is a clerk, and while the opportunities are
better and more within his reach, to supply
testimony and to procure witnesses. How can
you cut. him off? Why, sir, the thing is in
itself preposterous. The Senator goes upon
the presumption that the man is a scoundrel
who is in one of the Departments as a clerk,
and he will strip him of ail power to wrong
the Government by providing that he shall
not practice in the courts while he recognizes
the fact, that he is already in the Department
in possession of all the records in such a way
as to enable him to use them for the purpose
of defrauding the Government. It is a
humbug on its face. It stands here a legisla-
tion that promises some reform, when in truth
and in fact it but opens the door, if possible,
to the perpetration of fraud. I will not say
it opens the door, but certainly if the door be
already open it fixes it open.
I cannot see its virtue. Point to me the
virtue that there is in the amendment. Rec-
ognizing as the Senator does that frauds exist
and are perpetrated upon the Government, I
would like to circumvent and prevent them ;
but I will not say that an honest man who is
in one of the Departments to-day, and who for
some reason de-sires to leave his Department
to morrow and become an attorney, shall be
excluded because of the fact that he has been
in one of the Departments and is presumed to
be capable with information valuable to the
citizen and to the country. 1 will not presume
that he is disqualified from service as an attor-
ney 111 prosecuting 'claims against the Govern-
ment.
More than that, sir, the honorable Senator
says that the information which is m the De-
partments should be kept hidden from the
people. Upon that I am at issue with the
Senator. It is not the purpose of this Gov-
ernment to keep any fact concealed which is
valuable to a citizen ; and any man represent-
ing the Government of the United States who
is within the knowledge of a fact that would
render justice to the citizen, which, if con-
cealed, would deprive him of that justice, and
who refuses to disclose that fact, is not acting
the part of an honest attorney. The Govern-
ment does not wish, if I understand it aright,
to defraud its citizens. It wishes justice,
honesty, integrity, fair dealing. Every fact
within the knowledge of the Government that
goes to advance the interest of the citizen in
the cause of justice the citizen is entitled to
have, and the Government is in the wrong
if it attempts to conceal that fact from the
citizen.
I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
first word m the amendment.
i he VICE PR.ES1DENT. The Senator
from_ Mississippi withdraws his amendment.
The Senator from Vermont moves an amend-
ment to the amendment to strike ont the first
word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Merely for the purpose
of saying that I do not feel at liberty to answer
my honorable friend from Mississippi under
this mere formal motion of amendment, for I
believe it to be a wrong upon the rule. There-
fore 1 feel that I have had my say and can
make 110 reply. 1 only now ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not intend to detain
the Senate by discussing this question, for I
believe I said yesterday pretty much every-
thing I could say to-day in reference to it;
but i wish to call the attention of the Senate
to one point. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont does not chauge
the section we voted down yesterday by a large
majority, except in 80 far as to suspend its
operation for sixty days from the passage of
the act as to those now in office, as I heard it
read.
There is one other thing that I did not men-
tion yesterday. This amendment strikes at a
class of persons who are very worthy persons.
If, as I presume is the case, the Senator has
read the yearly catalogues of the law colleges
here, he is aware that there are from thirty to
forty or more graduates every year of these
law colleges in the city of Washington of poor
young men who have come here and have
obtained places in the Departments. They do
double work; they do the duty imposed on
them by the Government, and then work late
at night for the purpose of keeping up in their
studies with their class. This piovision strikes
at that class of poor young men whoare grad-
uated at the law colleges here while they are
making a livelihood to pay their board and
clothing from the salary of their offices as
clerks 111 the Departments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on perfecting the section as proposed by the
Senator fiom Vermont, and the amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Edmunds.
Mr. CASSERLY. My objection to the
amendment is substantially the same that I
stated to the section as it was presented to us
yesterday, that it operates upon persons now
in office. To that extent it is retrospective.
Being penal in its nature, and being also retro-
spective, it is such a measure as I think never
ought to be adopted, whether the Constitution
stands in the way or not. All retrospective
legislation is open to objection whether it im-
poses pains and penalties or not. I propose
an amendment to that which, if the Senator
from Vermont will give me his attention, I hope
will meet his approbation. 1 propose to have
it read:
That any person who shall be hereafter appointed
an officer, clerk, or employe, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will accept that with
great pleasure as probably the best that I
can get. We shall have got one step by
that; we shall have secured one vote at least
m favor of the proposition.
The_ VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the yeas and nays having been or-
dered, the Senator from Vermont accepts the
proposition of the Senator from California, so
as to make the amendment read :
That it shallnotbe lawfulfor any person who shall
hereafter be appointed an officer, clerk, or employ^
in any of the Executive Departments, to act as
counsel, attorney, or agent for prosecuting any
ciaim, &c.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll
on the amendment as modified. The call of
the roll having been concluded,
Mr. EDMUNDS, (after first voting in the
affirmative.) I feel bound in honor to withdraw
my vote, as I was paired yesterday on this
question with my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpexter,] as it then stood. Hesupposed.I
have no doubt, that the thing wasgone entirely,
and therefore I think I am in honor bound to
withdraw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will be allowed to withdraw his vote if there
be no objection. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The result was announced—yeas 31, nays
21; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conklmg, Corbett,
Cragin, Tenton, Ferry ot Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Croldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
lexas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill ot Vermont, Nye, Kice, Saw-
yer, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, West, Windom, and
Wright—31.
HAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell,
Clayton, Davit, of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hill, Kelly, Logan, Mor-
ton, .Norwood, Osbom, Pool, Sauhbury, Spencer,
Sprague, Stockton, and Vickers—21.
AlsbljiM X— j\l Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Cuoper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Har-
lan, Howe, Kellogg, Patterson, romeroy, Pratt,
Karnsey, Ransom, Kobenson.Sehurz, Scott, Steven-
son, lhurman, 'JLipton, Trumbull, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, striking
out the sixth section, as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I hope the Senate
