1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
is not a matter of new legislation or a claim,
but it is a liquidated, settled account. Before
the settlements were made the appropriation
for that matter was covered into the Treasury.
Mr. SLOCUM. To whom is this money
to go?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The sub-com-
mittee reported that it was a settlement for the
persons who are named here as having enlisted
under Captain Fremont. I do not care any-
thing about the matter; I do not know any-
thing about it, and if the Committee of the
Whole choose to strike it out, I am perfectly
content they should do so. It is estimated for
by the Secretary of War and the auditing offi-
cers of the Government; and the Secretary of
the Treasury himself forwarded the estimate
for this as a part of his regular estimates. It
occurred to me that it was a matter of simple
duty on our part to bring it into this appropri-
ation bill. I leave it to the Committee of the
Whole to act in regard to it.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move
to amend this paragraph so that the money
appropriated shall be paid to the parties them-
selves, and not to parties who may have pur-
chased the claims ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think that is
very well; to the parties themselves or their
legal representatives.
Mr. FARNS WORTH; Attorneys are legal
representatives.
Mr. SLOCUM. I insist upon my motion to
strike out this paragraph. A claim of this kind,
a quarter of a century old, should not be car-
ried through in this way.
Mr. DICKEY. This is a reappropriation.
These accounts have been audited in the Sec-
ond Auditor's office, but the original appro-
priation out of which they were to have been
paid has been covered into the Treasury.
Mr. SLOCUM. Why did the appropriation
lapse? If it was an honest, fair claim, and an
appropriation was made for it twenty years
ago, why was not the claim paid then ? The
gentleman says the appropriation rpmained
there until it lapsed. What is the explanation
of that?
Mr. DICKEY. I do not say it lay there
until it lapsed, but that it lay there until the
appropriation was covered into the Treasury.
I have no doubt it was applied for, but it was
not allowed until too late. I suppose it was
in absence of proof that the claim was not
allowed sooner ; but it has now been allowed,
and the parties are entitled to it under existing
law; but the appropriation out of which they
were to be paid has been covered into the
Treasury. This is merely reappropriating the
money to pay, not n claim, but an adjusted
account due under existing law. I have no
objection to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] that this amount
shall not go to the assignees or attorneys of
these parties, but shall be paid to the parties
themselves, or their personal representatives.
I have no objection to that. But I do not see
any reason why, if we owe this amount, and
if we have authorized the Second Auditor to
adjust these claims, and have afterward ap-
propriated the money for them, and that money
has been covered into the Treasury, we shall
not reappropriate it.
Mr. COX. I have drawn up my amend-
ment in the following form, to add to the
paragraph these words:
Provided, That the claims shall be paid to the
parties themselves, or thoir representatives, and not
to parties who have assignments of said claims.
Mr. DICKEY. That is right; there is no
objection to that.
The amendment of Mr. Cox was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Slocom to strike out the paragraph as
amended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the paragraph, as amanded, by inserting the
word "personal" before the word "repre-
sentatives. ''
Mr. COX. I have no objection to that.
The amendment of Mr. Farnswokth was
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on
striking out the paragraph as amended.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire to
ask, what evidence is there that these services
were performed ?
Mr. DICKEY. The evidence is that the
Secretary of the Treasury asks for this appro-
priation under existing law, the Second Aud-
itor having been authorized to adjust these
claims.
Mr. SHANKS. I understand that this is like
the claims for horses destroyed in the service.
The claims go into the Department, proof is
given that the loss has been sustained, a cer-
tificate to that effect is issued, and upon that
the appropriation is made.
Mr. SLOCUM. If ever there was a military
company in the United States authorized by
law, where they have furnished their own
horses and supplied them with forage for any
considerable length of time, I am not aware
of it. I do not believe one word of it. When
the Government authorized the raising of a
troop it furnished its own horses. And the
very fact that this question is twenty-six year3
old stamps fraud on its face.
Mr. SHANKS. I beg to state to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Slocum] that I
know that the Government did employ troops
which found their own horses. I have in my
possession certificates of allowances for horses
at Lexington, Missouri, in favor of persons in
my own county.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
made the point of order against this appro-
priation some time ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order was
made too late.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rose to make the
point of order when the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] rose, and I could not then
get the floor for the purpose of making it; but
as soon as I could I made it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the point of order was made too late.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Slocum, to strike out the p-iragraph as
amended ; and being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to the previous paragraph, for the pur-
pose of moving an amendment that the pay-
ment shall only be made to the parties, or to
their personal representatives.
There was no objection ; and the Clerk read
the paragraph, as follows : ce, ana
For three months'extra pay to the offico far as
commissioned officers, musicians, and priVnntlijp"
gaged in tho military service of tho United States
in the war with Mexico, who served out the term of
their engagement, being a reappropriation of this
amount, which was carried to tile surplus fund Juno
30,1856, and June 29, 1863, and is now required iu
the settlement of the awvumts pending in the office
of the Second Auditor, $50,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no
objection to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For traveling allowances to volunteers, under act
of March 3, 1853, ยง12,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to strike out that
paragraph, and I shall also move to strike out
the succeeding one on the same grounds on
which the previous paragraph was struck out,
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sloccm.]
The motion to strike out the paragraph was
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of volunteers, under act of March 2,1847,
81,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment;
After line three hundred and sixty-eight insert
the following:
To furnish transportation to insane volunteer sol-
diers at any time entitled to be admitted into the
Government hospital at Washington, $1,000.
I wish to state to the committee what the
difficulty is. The Government have estab-
lished here an asylum for the insane, and
there was a standing appropriation by means
of which volunteer soldiers could be sent here
and their transportation paid. By a law of
last year that general appropriation was cov
ered into the Treasury, so that no surplus of
it now exists; and two or three cases, as I
am informed, have been refused transportation
because there was no appropriation for the
purpose. The object of my amendment, is to
enable soldiers to get here and receive the
benefit of this institution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Forrepairs on tho Executive Mansion, $10,315.
Mr. PRINDLE. I move to amend the
paragraph by adding to it as follows:
For additional compensation to tho assistant door-
keeper at tho Executive Mansion for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1872, $360.
I desire to say a single word in explanation
of this amendment. The assistant doorkeeper
has been employed at the Executive Mansion
since the 1st day of July, 1871, and he re-
ceives $720 per annum. There is also a door-
keeper at the Executive Mansion, whose duties
are substantially the same as those of the as-
sistant doorkeeper, and he receives the sum of
$1,200 per annum. The doorkeeper is in no
higher position than the assistant doorkeeper,
except in name. Their duties simply alter-
nate. The doorkeeper commences his duties,
as I understand, at nine o'clock in the morn-
ing, and remains at his post until three o'clock
in the afternoon. The assistant doorkeeper
then commences his duties at three o'clock
and remains at his post until the house is closed
at night. There is this great disparity in their
pay, one man receiving $720 for the same ser-
vices as are performed by another man who
receives $1,200.
The Committee on Appropriations and this
House have recognized the justice of increasing
the pay of the assistant doorkeeper, by putting
in the appropriation bill already passed for the
next fiscal year the additional sum of $360,
which increases the pay of the assistant for
the year commencing on the 1st of July next
.jta that amount, making his pay $1,080 in all;
knowlu ;wfraif~il?. 110 more tha" fair and just
has Wv, a hpnefitl?^ at least lhis sum for his
services, and even then it does not bring his
pay up to that of the doorkeeper, who receives
$1,200 a year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman. I understand him to
say that we have already appropriated for this
increase of salary for the next fiscal year, and
that this is simply an appropriation for the
current fiscal year.
Mr. PRINDLE. This is for the current
year simply. This assistant doorkeeper is
obliged to dress respectably, occupying the
position he does at the Executive Mansion.
He has a family which he is obliged to support
and does support; but it is impossible for him
to support a family upon the small sum of
$720 a year. I trust that neither the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations nor
any member of that committee will oppose this
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
if the amendment proposes to raise the salary
to $1,200 a year?
Mr. PRINDLE. No; only to $1,080.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say in
response to what the gentleman from New
