2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
years of this Admi nistral ion are $1,165,523,169;
the expenditures have been $994,697,026 ; the
losses (part of which may be recovered) have
been $1,262,963. Thus, if we hold the pres-
ent Administration responsible for the ap-
pointees of Buchanan, Lincoln, and Johnson,
as well as its own, we find that in all the vast
money transactions of the Government the
losses by official delinquency have been barely
one sixteenth of one per cent.; but if we limit
the responsibility of the Administration to its
own appointees, our condemnation can go
only to the extent of one eightieth of one per
cent. I hold up the record and challenge in-
vestigation. The facts are a shield against
which charges of profligacy, waste, and ex-
travagance will fall harmless. The last forty
years of our history cannot furnish a parallel
to this grand exhibit in official integrity, and in
the insignificance of the losses as compared
with the total amount collected.
I have said enough to show that our civil
service is not so bad but that it might be worse,
immeasurably worse than it is ; and I will now
add that it is not so good but that it may be
made better than it is. Few will deny that
there are evils inherent in the system as at
present constituted which ought to be reme-
died, even if to effect a care a total change
must be wrought in the manner of making
appointments. We acknowledge that there
are evils in our present system, and yet we fear
to step out from it lest we fall into worse evils ;
and we think, or act as though we would—
"Rather bear those ills we have,
Than liy to others that we know not of."
Such a course will effectually check all
progress .or improvement. Evils exist, so
much we all acknowledge; but shall we ad-
mit that we are powerless before those evils?
This is a plea of weakness that does not be-
come us as men or statesmen. It is possible
that first efforts at reform .may be imperfect;
but because we cannot frame a perfect system
at once, shall we therefore do nothing? By
experiment we shall learn, and if a course of
improvement is once begun we can see and
eliminate the evils as they occur, until we have
developed a system as nearly perfect as the
ingenuity of man will permit. Wherever there
is room for improvement, there improvement
should be introduced; and we should not
shrink from the work because of fears that we
shall not devise a bpti er plan.
One of the evils of the present system of
making appointments is its robbery from offi-
cers of the executive and legislative branches
of the Government of a large portion of their
time, which could be more profitably applied
to the discharge of other and more important
duties. At the incoming of an administration
every Cabinet officer, together with the Pres-
ident, is literally overwhelmed with applica-
tions for office. At, the very moment when
he ought to be entirely free to examine care-
fully and critically the operations of his posi-
tion, when he would naturally desire to under-
stand the nature of the different subordinate
positions to be filled, and the characteristics
and capacity requisite to the proper discharge
of the duties pertaining to the various office,
his whole time must be given up to interviews
and with applicants, to the examination of
papers, and the filling of offices about which
he knows little, while he knows less about the
persons whom he is expected to appoint. He
is obliged to commence at the wrong end of
his work. He must employ his men before
he knows the kind of work to be done, and it
must needs be that mistakes are made, and
he finds after awhile that some of his ap-
pointees are totally unfit for the work to which
he has assigned them. He has toiled night
and day, be has worked like a slave, but when
he gets back to the other end of his work, and
learns what he ought to have learned at first,
he finds that much of what he has done must
be done over again, or else the public service
suffers. Tt, has already suffered from his own
loss of time, and now it still further suffers by
a still further abstraction of time from his
legitimate dnties. .
At an early period of our history, when
there were but a few hundred appointments to
be made, the burden was comparatively light,
and little time was consumed; but now, when
the appointments number scores of thousands,
there ought to be some method devised by
which the designation of appointees may not
involve so large a portion of the time of the
President and heads of Departments; and,
by a custom which has grown out of the neces-
sities of the system, a large portion of the
time of members of Congress is consumed
in the same way. At the beginning of an
Administration a member has time for scarcely
anything else, and from that time on not a
week passes, scarcely a day, that some por-
tion of his time is not occupied in the often
vain attempt to get a position for a constitu-
ent. I do not complain of the work, and so
long as the system lasts I will strive earnestly
for my share, and do all I can for those who
apply to me; but every candid man must
admit that if the time thus spent were applied
to the study of public questions involved in
the legislation of Congress, the public service
would be largely the gainer. It may be said
that there is time enough for all, and this is
only the plea of idleness ; but I have only to say
that, after working sixteen hours a day, I am
not in the mood to work much longer to make
up for time which I have consumed in visits
to the Departments.
Will the proposed change in the manner of
making appointments remove wholly, or in
part, this immense burden? If it will, then
here, is an argument for its adoption, or at
least for giving to the President every facility
to make the experimental change proposed by
the civil service commission.
Another evil which attaches to our present
civil service system is that it leaves open a
door for corruption to enter. 1 do not say
that corruption actually does enter, except in
isolated eases, but the opportunity is afforded,
and because the system is liable to abuse it is
assumed that the abuses exist. Notlong since
I saw this statement in a reputable and influ-
ential journal of extensive circulation :
11 The peoplo aro tired of having appointments
bought arid sold, and they must not be tricked out
of their wish by politicians in Congress."
The sentence conveys an unjust aspersion ;
but it also reflects, to a large extent, the popu-
lar belief; and such an opinion, gaining cre-
dence from an occasional instance of corrup-
tion, is in the highest degree demoralizing.
So long as the means of evil exist there are those
who will believe that the means are used. I
would remove every chance for suspicion. We
are assured that " patronage will not give up
its privilege of appointing ignorance," falsely
assuming that only ignorance and consequent
inefficiency is appointed. The men who man-
age the service are better than the system
through which they act, and hence, while the
facts do not justify the assumption, the system
rendering such a condition of things possible,
it is assumed that what might be, actually is.
It would be better to adopt a system wherein
no such suspicion could possibly arise.
A prominent western journal recently said:
" Theoivil service reformers, after six years of agi-
tation, have gathered considerable strength, and
have made an armed reconnoissance. The move-
ment has developed an enemy, intrenched and in
considerable force, in both Houses of Congress, in
the Departments, and among professed politicians.
That enemy is not found in any one man, or set of
men, so much as in the desire to buy and sell office
for political services. Whoever becomes tainted
with this itching to make merchandise of the pub-
lic offices, whether as vendor or purchaser, may be
counted on as instinctively a foe to civil service
reform. Every man who wants to get an office, for
which he is unwilling to contend on the ground of
fitness, but demands as pay for political services,
and every man who desires to give the office to him
without hinderance, as a means of compensating for
political services, are alike against civil service
reform."
Here we find the bold assertion that "offices
are bought and sold for political services."
that men make "merchandise of the public
offices." These charges, and all of like char-
acter, grow out of the possibilities of the sys-
tem. It is possible for criminal practices to
exist; hence they do exist. Hence every man
who becomes an officer, with a share of the
patronage in his control, stakes his reputation,
and, though pure as an icicle, is liable to be-
come the scape-goat for the sins of a system
whose construction is such as to render him
an object of suspicion. And herein exist the
necessity and stern reason fora change. Not,
as is so loosely assumed, that inefficiency and
dishonesty readily find place, but because the
system tends to give every man connected
with it a general reputation for dishonesty and
corruption. It may be reasonably doubted
that a system of competitive examination,
or of election by the people, will put greater
efficiency or honesty into the public service
than we have now; but either will protect the
officers of the Government against the unjust
suspicions and foul aspersions of which they
are now the victims ; and not only the public
service, but the community at large will be
benefited by the change.
Another evil of our present system is that it
paralyzes the strength and is often fatal to the
officer who is obliged to make or recommend
appointments. It is nonsense to speak of the
"power of the patronage." It weakens every
man that touches it. It is a power only in
the hands of his enemies, and enemies the
distributor of the patronage is sure to have.
He cannot procure the appointment of a friend,
no matter how suitable for the place, without
alienating more than one; and the aggregate
of opposition to him is swelled by every ap-
pointment he makes. No one who was here
three years ago will ever forget the scenes that
were enacted daily around this Hall, at the
President's House, and at the several Depart-
ment offices. The hotels were crowded with
those who sought the opportunity to serve
their country. They jostled each other on
the wide thoroughfares of the capital; they
swarmed like bees about every officer whose
favor they wished or whose "influence" they
sought. Day and night for weeks they strove
together for each distinct prize. For every
office worth the seelsing there were at least a
score of applicants, and of course most of
them drew blanks in this lottery; and then,
sick and sad at heart, bankrupt in purse and
self-respect, they departed, and shook off the
dust of their feet against the Administration.
The Senate began to hold executive sessions
to confirm the nominations, and a " swearing"
train departed from the city every evening.
Many of those men have nursed their wrath to
this day, and will carry it into the Cincinnati
convention. Hostilities were begun in the
first month of the Administration, and the
patronage was the cause of the war.
The appointments make enemies for the
appointing power, and those appointed, though
worthy and well disposed, can do but little to
counteract the evil. If they attempt to act,
the very fact of being officeholders, to a large
extent, dissipates their influence. It is un-
doubtedly true that an Administration depend-
ing for strength upon its own appointees hast
built on the sand. An Administration, or
a party, or an officer, is strong only when
rooted and grounded in the confidence of the
people. The occupants of the offices are not
and cannot be a shield when the storms beat
and the floods come. Johnson relied upon
them and sank out of sight; the people are
with Grant, and the billows will not pass over
him.
The patronage is especially injurious to mem-
bers of Congress. That they have no patronage
is the one thing that reconciles our friends on
