4030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
committee have recommended the contin-
uance of the law. Its very existence will
doubtless avoid the necessity of its use, while
it will keep the peace, secure a fair election,
and save the lives of many hundred citizens.
The continuance of this law may be the ounce
of prevention against many pounds of cure.
I know that some of our friends doubt the
propriety of the proposed extension. They
apprehend that our political opponents may
make some capital out of it. But the same
gentlemen felt the same apprehensions last
spring. Now all acknowledge the beneficent
effect of that legislation. I have always found
some gentlemen on our side who are never
in favor of anything until six months after it
has been done, while it often takes two or
three years to get the indorsement of the
Democrats.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I was a
little surprised at the remarks which fell from
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
and the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Bkck,] for if I were to-night asked to select
out of the House two men who had occupied
more of the time of this House than any others
I would have selected precisely those two men.
I can compare my record with theirs line by
line in the Congressional Globe, and it will
turn out that they have each one of them
occupied three times as much of the time of
the House as I have.
Mr. BECK. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee consider that a good reason why
he should malign his own State without an
opportunity for reply or to defend it? We
always had something to say, and were not
afraid of reply.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. BECK. I call him to order. When
he refers to me I will refer to him when he is
blackening his own people.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Gentlemen
will come to order.
Mr. MAYNARD addressed the House.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, lest 1 may have
been misunderstood, I desire to say that in ihe
inquiry which I addressed to the Ghair some
time ago with reference to the order of dis-
cussion to-night I had no intention to reflect
in the least degree upon the fairness of the
gentleman who occupies the Chair, [Mr. Fink-
elxburg.] I presume that ho followed the
memorandum which is sometimes if notusually
placed upon the desk as to the order in which
gentlemen shall be recognized for discussion.
Lest possibly, from the tew words I uttered at
that time, it may have been thought by some
that 1 intended some intimation that I sup-
posed the Chair was partial in his recog-
nition of members, I desire to say that such
was not my idea; and if anybody supposed that
i intended to reflect upon the Chair, or upon
any gentleman in this House, I beg leave to
to have it understood that such is not the fact.
When 1 came here to-night, Mr. Speaker,
it was not with the expectation of making a
speech. I did not intend to participate in any
discussion that might occur, whatever the na-
ture of it might be. I have very little knowl-
edge of the testimony or of the transactions
of this special committee. I am not a member
of it. Fiom personal knowledge 1 have no
acquaintance with the truth or falsity of the
allegations which have been made and repeated
here by : 11 the gentlemen who have spoken
upon this question ; and therefore I shall leave
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
who will probably follow me in a portion of
my time, any reply that may be necessary to
what has been said by those gentlemen upon
that subject. It struck me, however, that the
division of the time for this evening was very
unfair, because it gave to the majority of the
committee the whole evening, excluding aim
member of the minority from being heara
upon his side of the question.
But, sir, this whole discussion—the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,]
who was occupying the floor when I entered
the Hall; the speech of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Pom.nI),] who succeeded him,
and the speech of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard]—the whole discussion
brings us back again to where we were a few
years ago. It opens up for consideration not
only the subject immediately before us with
reference to the present condition of this secret
organization in the southern States, but it
necessarily calls into view all the antecedent
events which must have caused a condition of
things so lamentable and so disgraceful.
Those of us who were members of this House
a few years ago have not forgotten the events
that occurred in this Capitol during the war
and those which have occurred here since the
war. We are familiar with the political, the
military, and the legislative, as well as the
executive history of these last few years ; and
in judging properly of this immediate ques-
tion as to the condition of the southern States,
the existence of this so-called Ku Klux organ-
ization, and the outrages and assassinations
which are charged upon it, I assume we must
infer that there must have been some other
chain of circumstances to lead to such a con-
dition of society in any portion of our com-
mon country.
Now, it is not my purpose to go behind the
declaration of peace. I have no disposition
to revive in the recollection of the American
people or of members of this House events
which transpired immediately before the war.
Those are matters of history; and I will say
in passing that it is not for the historian of
to-day to give a correct and truthful statement
of those events. Those who live in times of
great public excitement are not fit historians
of the events of those times. Impartial his-
tory can be written only in a state of society
that is removed from prejudice and from the
influences which necessarily affect the minds
of those who are the actors upon the exciting
scene and take part in transpiring events.
But, sir, this organization in the South has
had its origin since the war. I do not believe
any gentleman who has discussed this ques-
tion, either now or heretofore, has attempted
to declare any Ku Klux organization as such
existed in the southern States anterior to the
war. In all of the slanders which have been
perpetrated on that people in days which aie
passed or at the present time nobody has any-
where yet asserted to the contrary that the
social condition of the southern people was as
high and as elevated as thof any other por-
tion of our country. Therefore, sir, these
organizations are the creation of events of
recent occurrence.
When the war closed what was the condi-
tion of' the South? When we the conquerors
compelled by successful arms the surrender
of Lee near Richmond in April, 1865, what
was the conditiou of the South ? Prostrate,
vanquished, rentasunder, humiliated, deprived
not only of the power of resistance, but abso-
lutely in a condition of abject humiliation and
prostration. There we found them, in a con-
dition not to resist any power which we chose
to establish or assert over them. They were
at our feet as a political institution and as a
political community. But, sir, we proceeded
to assert the right of the conqueror, not to
assert the right of the conqueror as told to us
by ancient and modem history under other cir-
cumstances, with humanity dictating a course
that respects the conquered. No, sir; but we
marched iu and took armed possession of that
countiy, and held it in a state of bondage ever
since. What was our first step? The first
step was to take military occupation. The
second step was to declare those southern
States in a condition of territorial disorgan-
ization and dependence. The third step was
to divide those southern States into five mili-
tary districts, and to put in each district,
under command of a major general, a stand-
ing army. The fourth step was to create by
act of Congress their political institutions and
to obliterate, not only all their State reserved
sovereign rights, but to break down their
municipal regulations for the protection of life
and property, to ignore the established usages
of a purely peaceful character, and to recon-
struct them according to our own ideas of
what their institutions should be.
What then V Then, sir, we sent down among
them our own emissaries as judicial officers.
We wiped out all of their judicial organiza-
tions, Federal and local. We recognized in
no one of the Federal judicial districts in the
southern States the existing order of things
as it had been from time immemorial ante-
cedent to the war. We appointed their judges.
We appointed their Governors. We appointed
their district attorneys, their prosecuting attor-
neys. We compelled them by acts of Con-
gress to submit their constitutions to us for
approval before we gave them recognition.
We created our reconstruction acts, which,
section by section, by every provision, made
for them their form of government. We sent
down their rulers, civil as well as military,
and thus took absolute and positive control
and power over that people to the exclusion
of any local or State authority.
But we did not even stop there. We enfran-
chised a population unused to the exercise of
this privilege, and disfranchised the cultivated,
educated, and property-holding classes of the
people. We reversed all the usual usages of
society, that those who held the property are the
best custodians of thesafety ofgood order. Those
who have the most at stake in the preservation
of order were deprived of any control or power
to preserve that order in the community. The
educated men were disfranchised and theigno-
rant enfranchised and clothed with the fullest
power.
Now, sir, that condition of thingshas existed
ever since. Adventurers from the North, the
East, and the West went down there and took
possession of their Legislatures. They got
absolute control of the Legislatures of all the
southern States. They and their colored co-
operators having absolute power and control
over the Legislatures of all the States that had
been in rebellion, have made the laws for those
States. They appointed all the parties having
any authority to construe or to enforce the
laws. They made all the local power existing
besides the power of sending Representatives
to the Federal capital.
And these two classes, that recently enfran-
chised and incapable of exercising the privi-
lege, and the foreign class who had left their
country for their country's good, and went
down thereto better develop their fortunes—
these two classes were the sole and exclusive
power, and have ever since been the power in
the South.
Now, sir, I will say to those gentlemen who
have held up these outrages to-night, who have
been repeating and reiterating and recapitu-
lating instances where these secret bands have
perpetrated these horrible crimes that make
our blood fairly rush back to our hearts—I will
ask these gentlemen if the laws have not been
enforced, and these people have not been
punished, who is responsible but they ? They
made the laws there, aad have put officers of
their own creation there to execute them.
They have had the magistracy. They have
had the prosecuting attorneys. They ha've had
their detectives, as was proven here to-day,
emissaries of the Federal Government, paid
out of theFederalTreasury there as their spies.
They have had the United States marshals to
arrest, and they have had the jails in which to
put the criminals. They have had the Federal
tribunals in which to try and punish. They
have had the military power by which, under
the suspension of the habeas corpus, they could
inflict condign punishment without the glow
process of law.
