1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
Yorlc lias said, that this assistant doorkeeper
was before the Committee on Appropriations !
when we had the general salary bill, the legis-
lative, &c , bill under consideration. We were
unwilling to let any increase of salary come
into that bill, and, so far as we could prevent
it, no increase of salary did get into that bill,
but we were satisfied that this man received
less relatively than other persons holding like j
places. We liad a conference with the com- i
mittee of the Senate on this subject, and I '
understand that they have fixed the salary at
the same figure as the gentleman names in this
amendment, and of course the House, in set-
tling this question, will settle it for both bills.
llr. PRINDLE. I wish to say one word
more. This man was a soldier who was badly
wounded in the war, and is a deserving man.
Mr. CREBS. I think it would be better to
strike out the appropriation altogether for an
assistant doorkeeper at tbe Executive Man-
sion. I cannot understand the necessity of
an assistant doorkeeper at the door of the
Executive Mansion. Certainly the labor is
not so heavy but that one man can attend to
it. It has got to be so in all the Departments
in this city, that there cannot be an officer of
any kind without his having an assistant. It
matters not what the officer is, or who he is,
he must have an assistant to help him, whether
his duties are large or small.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He has to have an
assistant to do the duties of the office, of
course.
Mr. CREBS. Yes, the assistant does the
duties, and the man himself does nothing.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have examined this
question with some care, as I was directed to
do by the Committee on Appropriations, and
I am satisfied that the duties of this office are
necessary, and that $1,080 is little enough for
the labor he has to perform. I cannot afford
to make a fight on a matter of this sort where
I think the increase of salary is right in itself.
The question was taken on Mr. Pkinole's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
- The Clerk read as follows:
For the Executive avenue and adjacent grounds,
reoently inclosed, for grading, paving, and otherwise
completing the work during the fiscal years ending
June 30, 1869, and June 30,1870, $21,679 43.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
out tbat paragraph and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
For completing the grading and properly fencing
the grounds surrounding the Capitol, $50,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
I move to strike out that paragraph because
it seems to be a claim for work done for which
there was no sufficient authority of law; other-
wise! should move my amendment as an addi-
tion to the paragraph.
Now, here is a claim presented right in the
eyes of the statute which provides—
" That hereafter no contract shall be entered into
for the crection, repair, or furnishing of any public
building, or for any improvement whatever, which
shall bind the Government to pay a larger sum of
money than the amount hi the Treasury appropri-
ated for tho specific purpose. And if any ofheer of
the Government shall knowingly contract for the
erection, repair, or furnishing ot any public building,
or for any public improvement which shall bind the
Government to pay a larger amount than the spe-
cifiesum appropriated for such purpose, such officer
shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof by a court of competent jurisdic-
tion, shall be punished by imprisonment not less
than six months, nor more than two years, and shall
pay a line of $2,000."
There is a statute that seems to be a dead
letter, so far as any regard is paid to it by the
Departments here. If the provisions of the
statute were observed we should have fewer
deficiency bills.
1 ask to insert in lieu of this paragraph a
provision for the improvement of the grounds
around the Capitol; for their present con-
dition is disgraceful to the nation. Why, sir,
some of the approaches to this Capitol in their
present condition would disgrace a country
school-house. We are making large appro-
priations for the improvement of the grounds
around the Departments and about the Execu-
tive Mansion—for making elegant streets, fine
walks, and all that, (and these expenditures
may be proper enough.) but we are doing
nothing to improve tbe grounds around this
great building which, having cost upward of
twelve million dollars, is left in the midst of
mud and filth. The people's Representatives,
and citizens from all parts of the nation visiting
this Capitol, are obliged to climb up old rotten
planks covered perhaps with filth and ice, at
the peril of their necks; and you cannot
approach the front of the Capitol from any
direction without crossing railroad tracks and
jeopardizing your life by a collision with an
engine or a car.
I know that this subject has been talked over
from year to year, and I believe there is a
general sentiment in this House in favor of
making these improvements; bnt nothing is
ever done. I came here as a member some
fourteen or sixteen years ago. How long was
it? My fiiend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
came here tbe same session.
Mr. DAWES. Sixteen years ago.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, some sixteen
years ago. My friend from Massachusetts has
remained here continuously, while I have been
out now and then. Since we came here, I do
not see that there has been any improvement
except that some of the marble, &c., that was
then surrounding the Capitol has been cleared
away and used up. But so far as concerns the
main front of the Capitol, the east front, I
believe there is no material improvement, very
little at all events. My friend from New York
[Mr. Brooks] says to me that it does not look
so well as it did thirty years ago. I was not
here so long ago; but I presume the gentleman
is correct.
Now, sir, as one of the Representatives of
the people, I am not afraid to vote a liberal
appropriation to finish up this job. But while
we are on this subject I desire to say a word
further, and I want it to reach the architect
of the Capitol extension, or the Commissioner
on Public Buildings and Grounds—whoever
may have charge of the matter. I want that
he shall tear down these great iron fences that
now surround the different public buildings
and grounds of the city, and which make them
look like jail-yards. These high fences look
as if they were erected to keep a certain portion
of the people in and everybody else out. There
should be a low fence or railing of an orna-
mental character, which would be perhaps a
protection against a runaway team or some-
thing of that sort; but the idea of having an
iron fence fifteen feet high around public
grounds or a public park, for the purpose of
keeping people out, is in this age of the world
an absurdity.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, so far as
he proposes to insert new matter, is one that
would come up more properly in the consider-
ation of the miscellaneous bill, which will, I
hope, be reported before long. I trust that
the gentleman will not ask the insertion of this
new appropriation in a deficiency bill when it
cannot be used during the present fiscal year
with any advantage or economy.
So far as regards his motion to strike out,
I will make an explanation. The Committae
on Appropriations received an estimate for
the item referred to, and found connected with
it this certificate from the chief of engineers:
" This amount is required for the payment of un-
paid certified accounts for materials, labor, and
workmanship, which Major Babeoek reports he re-
ceived from Major Michler, and which, under the
provisions of the act of Congress, cannot be paid
from appropriations for the present fiscal year, nor
from any balances of appropriation for the last fiscal
year. The said liabilities were incurred without
authority from this office.
A. A. HUMPHRIES.
Brigadier General, Chief of Engineers."
Upon an examination of that certificate the
committee sent for the acting Commissioner
of Public Buildings, General Babcock. All
the vouchers in the case were brought before
the committee. The expenditures were not
made under tbe authority of General Babcock,
but under his predecessor. The vouchers were
carefully examined by him, and also by the
committee. It was found that Major Michler
had exceeded the authority of law in making
these expenditures; but it was also found that
the expenditures had been made and the work
had been done as represented. The money is
due to the workmen. The committee, look-
ing over the whole field, saw that an actual,
honest debt was due to the men who had per-
formed the work for the Government; and
although it had been done in excess of th©
authoiity conferred on the officer in charge,
we saw no alternative but to pay it. We
thought some action certainly ought to be
taken in regard to the officers, and we wrote
a letter asking what had been done or whether
we could learn anything more about it. But
the officers were in California; the snow
fiend was between us, and we were not the
prosecuting officers of the Government. These
are all the facts. I do not see any reason why
this should be stricken out. It is a question
now between the men who performed the labor
and the Government who received the ben-
efit of it. That is the position of the matter,
whether we pay it now.or let it run.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by striking
outtbelastword. Thesuggestionofthegentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] that we
should adopt some measure to remove the iron
fences from about the public squares of the
city, is, I think, a very wise one. There could
be no greater improvement. But I notice that
in the amendment he proposes himself there
is a provision for properly fencing the Capitol
grounds. I would ask if there be any neces-
sity for placing around the Capitol grounds
the same fences as now disfigure the public
squares of the city?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not mean that.
I am willing to withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Back of all this lies another
question, whether we should purchase the
squares on the right and left, in front of the
Capitol, Before this session is over the House
will have to consider a bill from the other
branch providing for the purchase of those
squares at a very large cost. Before we fence
in what we have got, we should determine
whether we should enlarge the grounds by the
taking in of those squares. That is a question
which has been before Congress for a good
many years, and it is constantly coming up.
I understand that it is to be pressed with new
vigor during this session of Congress, and
those pressing it express a strong expectation
of carrying it.
Mr. BANKS. Does my colleague mean to
imply that we ought not to vote this appropri-
ation, or delay our action on that account?
Mr. DAWES. I would not grade and fence
in the grounds as they are, if we intend to
make those purchases. The thing should be
carried out as a whole, upon the plan of that
enlargement, or else we should now abandon
the idea of malting those purchases. As my
colleague knows, 1 have opposed the purchase
of those two blocks on every occasion when
the question was brought up.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope tbe
committee wilt now come to a vote. This
question does not belong at all to these defi-
ciency appropriations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the paragraph last read what I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
i'or completing the grounds and approaches to
the Capitol, $100,000, or somueh as may benecescary
to finish the same, such appropriation to continue
until the work is finished.
