18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
42d Cong....2b Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Ames.
Senate.
people. It is very true that lie did so manip-
ulate when he was Governor as to induce the
colored people to accept, in lieu of any good
schools, any good university or institution to
which the colored children might be sent, an
institution called "the Alcorn University," at
the head of which he placed Mr. Bevels, once
a member of this body. Thus he expended a
large sum of money to organize a university
to which no children could be sent. The col-
ored children of the State have, unfortunately,
been brought up in ignorance ; none of them
were advanced to that stage which would en-
able them to enter a university of that kind ;
but he succeeded in flattering those men to
induce them to take this Alcorn university,
and in that way he shut them off from any real
or substantial benefit in the way of schools.
He has taken the trouble to go over his
career. When he was Governor of the State,
last year an attempt was made to pass a Ku
Klux law, to which of course he objected. He
was opposed to any Ku Klux law, to any civil
rights law. A man who was never Union in
his heart, perhaps, a man who was ready to go
into the rebellion, and who, failing in his am-
bition, returned to his plantation and there
lived away from contact with the rebel or the
Union people, had very_ little idea of the revo-
lution which tookplace.in politics during those
four or five years. It is indeed startling to
those who were engaged in it when they look
back at this short period and see the changes
which have taken place. But to shut a man up
upon a plantation, even in Coahoma county,
and keep him there during the revolutionary
period would entirely unfit him, provided be
bad the ground work of a weak heart for the
Union, to realize the changes which had taken
place politically; and that is substantially the
condition of my colleague on this matter. He
is unable to consent that a northern mail
should come there and live in the State unless
he conforms to the wishes of "my people"
and chooses to be "a conservative of my
kind." If he is a Kadical he has no business
there; he is called a carpet-bagger and unfit
to associate with such as he; and still, as I
say, he owes his seat here and what he is
politically to those very men.
When we were attempting to pass this Ku
Klux law he attempted to dictate to us here
exactly what we should do. It is very evident
to those who have observed his course here
that he is sadly given to dictation. He saw
fit to send a telegram of this kind to the
Representatives in Congress :
"lam informed that dispatches have been for-
warded to Washington derogating from the power
of this government to enforce the law. I desire to
correct that misrepresentation, a rut to state that it
finds no justification in fact. A riot occurred re-
cently at Meridian, but was promptly suppressed^
The parties are now undergoing legal investigation.
He told us of that investigation. He sent
just such men as himself there, men who had
no sympathy whatever with the colored peo-
ple, men who cared for "my people," and
who looked down thoroughly and contemptu-
ously upon these poor colored men; and, of
course, the men he sent there without a par-
ticle of Republicanism, (and Republicanism
means something in the South,) sympathizing
entirely with the rioters, got up a report to
suit him.
Mr. ALCORN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me to correct his misstatement
Mr. AMES. I have attempted to show a
little courtesy to my colleague, but he has
occupied much more tiro© already than I have,
and I beg pardon.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the gentleman allow
a statement? I can reply hereafter, but I ask
the gentleman to have a stateme .t corrected
in which he is entirely in error.
Mr. AMES. I interrupted my colleague only
once or twice to correct his statements, but I
should have interrupted him all the time if I
had pursued the course he now does. I will
continue reading his telegram :
"Someminor outrages have been committed on
other points of the Alabama border in the night by
mrtiesin disguise. My only difficulty in these oases
s to discover the wrongdoers, but that overoome,
as I confidentially hope it will be, this government
is abundantly powerful to make them fear the con-
sequences of their orimes. Save in those oases,
Mississippi presents an unbroken evidence of civil
obedienee and order.
j. l. alcorn, Governor."
The State of Mississippi appropriated $50,-
000 as a secret fund to be put in the hands of
my colleague to detect these Ku Klux and for
their punishment. He complains of a carpet-
bag marshal in the northern district of Missis-
sippi now because he did not do his duty. He
happened to be a State senator, and my col-
league thought it interfered with his duties as
marshal. This marshal has spent $20,000 and
he has caught hundreds of Ku Klux; I think
three hundred and fifty or four hundred and
fifty have been indicted this term. My col-
league spent—no, I will not say spent, took
the $50,000, and no one ever beard of a Ku
Klux being arrested or his whereabouts ascer-
tained, and still that $50,000 is yet to be
accounted for, if I am correctly informed.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator will allow me
to say one word. As he declines to permit
me to correct his misstatements, as a matter
of course I will let them go unanswered until
he gets through. I assert that his statement
is not correct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
declines to yield.
Mr. AMES. A limited interruption I will
bear. It is getting late and I can expect to
hold the Senate but a few more moments.
While my colleague was instructing us how to
vote on the Ku Klux bill the Republican mem-
bers of the Legislature, then largely in the
majority, were telegraphing me urging me to
secure the passage of that bill if possible.
Tbey had caucuses, and telegrams were sent
me almost without number. The caucuses
were very enthusiastic. They were exceed-
ingly anxious for the passage of the bill. Here
is one of the telegrams from the then speaker
of the house of representatives who presided
at a Republican caucus. You understand at
this time much work had to be done in caucus.
My colleague was then Governor. He was as
arbitrary then as now. He had the entire
patronage of the State. He farmed it out; he
gave offices to the friends of members^ of
the Legislature if they would do his bidding;
if not, he would remove their friends. He
instituted in that way a system of bribery and
corruption the equal of which cannot be found
in any State of the Union, and in that way, to
a certain extent, he overcame this great major-
ity in the Republican Legislature. At a Repub-
lican caucus, March 10, this telegram was sent
at the instruction of the caucus :
"Jackson, Mississippi,
March 9,1871—Received March 10,12 to.
Hon. Senator Ames, Senate Chamber :
The Meridian riot seems, from information by most
reliable persons, to have been the result of a com-
bined effort of the whites to overthrow the city and
county government. Result is eight or more colored
persons Killed. Bramlette, white man, killed by ac-
cidental shot. Senators01 eed and Henderson, mem-
bers, aruved by train from Meridian this p. m.,
report colored men lying out hidden in the woods,
whites patrolling the streets, trains and surround-
ing country armed. Large Republican caucus earn-
estly urge on Congress the necessity of prompt and
thorough measures to suppress outrage and violence
in all parts of the State."
That from a very large majority of that
Legislature. At the same time my colleague
telegraphed that peace reigns in Mississippi!
So he states now. About that time came these
telegrams. My colleague doubted the accu-
racy of my statement with reference' to the
number of persons killed and maltreated in
the State as stated by me on this floor a yfear
ago. Here is a telegram sent by certain
members of the Legislature :
"Jackson, April 3,1871.
Hon. A. Ames,Senate:
The auditor's books show fifty-four killed from
Maroh 1,1869 to March 1, 1870, and eighty-three
killed from March 1,1870, to Februay 17,1871. Report
of inquest on many known to have been killed since
January 1,1871, not yet received by the auditor.
National troops were sent to Meridian after the riot
was over."
And still, with that number of killed, my col-
league thinks that peace reigns in Mississippi!
Another telegram received a day later:
"Auditor's books show killed last three months,
January, 11; February, 14; and March, 23. Auditor
states at least fifteen more killed in March, not offi-
cially reported."
Instead of nineteen murders, as stated by
my colleague, there were then sixty-three in
three months. Here is another telegram:
"Thirty churches and school-houses burned dur-
ing Alcokn's administration."
That is signed by the superintendent of ed-
ucation. And " peace reigns in Mississippi 1"
Of course there was no protection ; of course
there should have been a Ku Klux law passed ;
but still my colleague, then Governor, tele-
graphed to us that we should not vote for any
such law. No persons were found guilty dur-
ing his administration, and I will tell you one
of the reasons. He attempted to ride these
two horses at the same time; he should have
been in a circus to do it; he wanted to kill off
carpet-baggers, and his finger-marks were
seen everywhere throughout the State to that
end. He would appoint colored men, as he
says, two where I appointed one; and further-
more, to make the balance even, he would go
over to the other side to conciliate the Democ-
racy and appointed men who were not and
never were in sympathy with our party and its
purposes. Instead of putting Republican
officials in the many counties oi the State, he
filled them with Democrats, Democrats of the
Ku Klux order, Democrats as 1 say who bad
none of our sympathies, who cared not for us,
who knew not or appreciated not our pur-
poses, and in that way my colleague nearly lost
the State to the Republican party at the next
election.
Lost it why? Simply by putting these Dem-
ocrats in office; and when the election came
last fall they all acted against our party.
Their cry was when they were appointed to
office, We are Alcorn men; we are Alcorn
men;" which meant, "We are Alcorn men
for plunder; we want the offices; we are
Democrats at heart; and when Alcorn is
out of the way, when he no longer has any-
thing to give to us, you will find us in the
Democratic party;" and such was the fact.
There were many officials in many counties
of that State who were never Republicans,
never belonged to the party, and are now
working with the Democratic party, and it
was through their efforts that the State came
near being 1 ,st to the Republican party at the
late election. My colleague trios to explain
it some other way, as he did a few days since.
The fact is in his circus effort he gave over
the State almost entirely in many counties to
the opposing party, and there it is to-day, ana
there it is where these outragesarfe being com-
mitted upon the black and white Republicans
of that State.
I will give one illustration of his pro-
ceedings wheh Governor, as I understand
them. When General Lee died we all know
that many of the southern pipers went into
mourning, and printed glowing obituaries of
that general, but there was one newspaper
editor, an old resident of the State, not a
carpet-bagger, by the name of Flournoy, &
Republican, who saw fit to comment rathefr
severely upon Lee, speaking of fii'w as a
traitor. My colleague became_indignant. He
had previous to that time appointed Mr. Flour-
