1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
ation of a single fact is desired, resolutions
are drawn in such a general form as to make a
full answer to itcoveragreatamountof matter.
Some of them are off'eied for the purpose of
serving mere private ends and interests to the
public prejudice, and sometimes I have been
uncharitable enough to believe they were offered
with no higher purpose than to show that the
mover has been the author of something. Dur-
ing the sessions of Congress a considerable
portion of the clerical forco ill the Depart-
ments is kept employed in answering these
resolutions, to the detriment and delay of the
public service, and frequent complaint has been
made on the subject. This loss of time by Gov-
ernment employfis, and the expense of print-
ing all these papers, seemed to me, in these
days of economy and retrenchment, an evil of
sufficient magnitude to be worth an attempt to
remedy.
This was the only object of my resolution.
It seemed to me proper that there should be
some reasonable pretense shown for such in-
formation before it is called for. This could be
much more properly done in a committee than
in the House. It is suggested by this writer,
and was in the House, that as the committees
all contain Republican majorities, such reso-
lutions could thus be stilled by a party vote.
The same is equally true of the House. It is
true that a committee might delay or omit to
report on such a resolution; and I would there-
fore suggest that if the Committee on Rules
should ever report favorably on my proposi-
tion, they should make it the duly of the com-
mittee to speedily report upon such resolu-
tions. In the haste of writing my resolution
this did not occur to me.
So far as I am concerned, I do not desire in
any way to aid in covering up or concealing
any corruption, illegality, or impropriety of
any official or Department of the Government,
and I believe such is the general feeling among
Kepublican members of Congress. I desire
that every man guilty of corrupt conduct in
office be exposed and punished, especially if
lie be a Republican. I desire this because it
is right and proper, and also because I believe
it to be the wisest political policy. If the
Republican party is to be continued in power,
it is by satisfying the honest and conscien-
tious people of this country that they.intend to
have a pure and honest administration of
public affairs. There is no mode by which the
Administration can so commend itself to that
class of people out of which a Republican
majority must be made (if made at all) as by
thoroughly ferreting out and punishing every
species of official dishonesty. No amount of
even successful covering up and concealing of
such matiers will be of half the service, look-
ing to political success merely.
A few words in relation to what is said of
Mr. Bradley Barlow, and of my relations to
him, will close what I have to say. This writer
says of Mr. Barlow :
" lie is at the hoad of the ring which controls the
great postal routes of the Northwest."
And also :
"He is known to be the personal friend of Mr.
Poland."
I have known by general reputation that for
some years Mr. Barlow was interested in a
stage and mail route from Kansas to.New
Mexico. lie may be interested in many more,
but 1 have never heard of it. I know nothing
of the number of routes he is interested in, or
has bid for, orof drafts or cheeks hehas drawn,
and have no information whatever about them.
As to the relations between him and myself, I
would say that Mr. Barlow lives on the oppo-
site side of the State, and by the usual route
of travel nearly two hundred miles from me.
I have known him for many years, but our pur-
suits and business were so different that I had
never any relations with him. except casual
meetings, as with other gentlemen who lived
so far from me. There has never existed any
relation of business intimacy or special confi-
dence between us, unless it can be made of
the following facts :
For the last two years Mr. Barlow has been
engaged in an important litigation in Ver-
mont, of a very bitter and acrimonious char-
acter. In that litigation I have been the coun-
sel of Mr. Barlow's adversary, and have hon-
estly endeavored to give my lull share of hard
blows in every contest we have had, and they
have been numerous enough. In my judg-
ment, if Mr. Barlow has been guilty of any un-
lawful or fraudulent conduct in the matters
alleged, and desired to obtain any aid in cov-
eting up and concealing the same, I am the
very last member of Congress he would have
applied to for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman
I desire t.o say a word, not in reference to the
explanation which the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Pot.and] has just made, but in ref-
erence to the object of the resolution to which
he has referred. 1 know nothing about the mat-
ters alleged in the editorial just read, but 1 do
know, for myself and for a number of other
gentlemen here, that we have tried to get just
such a resolution through as the gentleman
from Vermont offered the other day. I have
called it to the attention of the Committee on
Rules, of which I am a member, twice during
the last year, and I wish to say now to the
members of this committee that I know of no
one complaint which the public has any more
right to make of Congress than the enormous
amount of material we arc printing every day.
That would be prevented, in a large measure,
if the resolutions for information went first to
a committee. There are numerous examples
where resolutions pass calling for information
which six weeks before was sent t-irher to the
Senate or the House and printed, making sixty,
eighty, or a hundred printed pages. Of course
it comes again, and is printed over again, and
thus are duplicated and reduplicated docu-
ments on the mere accidental call of members
of this House. I wish the llouse to remember
one thing about our public printing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why cannot the Depart-
ments report the faclf that they have already
answered the interrogatory, that they have
already furnished the matter called for under
a previous resolution of Congress, eiilier to
the Senate or the House? It would be per-
fectly proper for the Department to do this,
and by so doing any one of the Departments
could prevent the duplication or reduplication
of any document.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If they call for
the identical matter, I grant that might be
done, but often a resolution is adopted which,
while in other terms and perhaps covering
other features, does in the main cover the
same ground of a previous resolution calling
for information, which has been answered by
the Department, and the answer printed.
The Committee on Appropriations have had
before them the accounts for public printing,
and I wish the House to remember one thing
about the public printing. We have at the
present moment the largest printing house on
thiseontinentinthiscity todo ourprinting. Wo
have over one thousand men and women em-
ployed and engagedby the year to carry on the
business ofdoing our printing. We use enough
printing-ink to do our printing every year to
iloatthelargestman of-war in the UnitedStates
Navy, lfwe had a train of Army wagons reach-
ing from here three quarters of the way to
Baltimore, loaded with one ton apiece, going
as fast as six-mule teams could draw them,
there would be a block up in the road, and they
would not be able to carry the tons of docu-
ments pointed in our Printing Office every year
for this Government. We arenskedto appro-
pi iate, and must appropriate under our present
law, over two million dollars to run that estab-
lishment for the next fiscal year. I wish the
House also to remember the fact that we have
just erected a building four hundred feet long
and nearly seventy feet wide as an addition to
the large printing establishment we had already
on hand. I say, remembering all these things,
I wish to call the attention of the committee,
and through them the attention of the House,
to the faetthu-. unless we do something to put
the brakes ot the enormous outlet of docu-
ments which we are printing, it seems to me
we will become a scandal in the eyes of the
whole world.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let me suggest a remedy
to the gentleman from Ohio; that is, in a word,
to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I voted for the
abolition of the franking privilege three or
four times; only I do not call it the franking
privilege, but the franking burden.
Mr. DICKEY. If I have the floor, I move
that the committee do now rise.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to suggest to tie
House that the fear of exposure from invest.-
gations of the officers of the Government who
are corruptly using their positions is of im-
mense benefit in preventing malfeasance, and
the right and privilege of members of this
House to ask for such investigations should in
nowise be infringed upon. We ought not in
any way to detract from the facility with which
anybody can come here without interruption
and ask for an investigation of those men who
are charged to be corrupt in the use of their
offices. The fact that such investigations can
be had, and corrupt officials by exposure forced
out of office, is ot a great deal more benefit to
this Government, when you come to dollars and
cents, than the paltry sum which is required to
pay for the investigation, and to print the results
which may be reached by the committee. A sin-
gle investigation may save to the Government
tenfold more than all such investigations cost-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish dis-
tinctly to disclaim any knowledge of the mat-
ter referred to in the newspaper article which
has been read.
Mr. RANDALL. I am not speaking in ref-
erence to any particular charge, hut generally.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have only
spoken in reference to the general sweeping
calls from everybody upon the Departments
for information—calls made without any ques-
tion in this House from anybody, many of
which have been answered before and the
information printed, and which most unneces-
sarily takes off the force of the bureaus from
their legitimate work, and keeps them live or
six weeks employed in getting up information
called for.
I will only say one word more. I do not
say our present printing establishment is an
abuse. It is a necessity so long as we continue
our present method of piling up matter to be
printed. It has grown up through a series of
years; but it seems to me that we ought to
adopt the plan suggested by the resolution of
the gentleman from Vermont, and prevent its
growing into an abuse by putting a stop to all
unnecessary printing.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make a singlo
suggestion.
Mr. DICKEY. This has nothing to do with
the personal explanation of the gentleman
from Vermont. I think the committee ought
to rise; but I do not object to yielding to the
gentleman from Wisconsin for a moment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make one
remark in regard to the subject mentioned by
the gentleman from Ohio. It seems to me he
has magnified this printing question in order
to cover up the purpose of prohibiting these
investigations. For, sir, if there is one whole-
some thing, one thing of more benefit than
another to our service—our civil service, if
you please—it is the facility with which we can
obtain answers to interrogatories propound-
ed by members of this House to any of the
