1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. DICKEY. I raise the point of order
©11 that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] proposes
legislation to continue the work.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir,
I do not. And I would ask, when the money-
is once appropriated, what objection is there
to continuing the work?
The CHAIRMAN. Will tho gentleman
from Massachusetts send to the Chair the law
authorizing the appropriation?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
require to send the law. All I desire is that
the appropriation shall not be covered into
the Treasury at the end of the fiscal year, if
the work is not then finished.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. I submit that
the amendment changes the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
shall modify my amendment by striking out
the last clause of it. Of course you will have
it done, so that it cannot be of any earthly
use.
Now, if the committee will permit me, I
will tell you why I do not want to wait until a
special bill can be got, because these special
bills never go into operation until the 1st day
of July, and we find a beginning made to the
work; about the last day of November. Now,
you cannot do much of this work in Decem-
ber. Business men would begin it in the
spring. That is the reason why I want this to
go into the deficiency bill, that the work may
be begun in spring and finished in summer.
The way I have seen such work undertaken
during the last six or seven years I have been
about the Capitol, is to begin in the hottest
possible weather to pile up dirt, and then let
the rains of autumn wash it down again. It
has been done for years and years; and I
would like to see them for once begin the
the work in the spring. When I ask the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, " Why do
you not begin with your work in tho spring?"
he answers: "I cannot begin then because I
cannot get the money until tho 1st of July;
and therefore 1 have to wait to commcnee
work until the hottest weather of summer, or
until the full rains." Why, sir, I have seen
a cart and mule hauling up dirt here during a
shower which brought the dirt down twice as
fast as the cart could carry it up.
Now, what difference does it make when the
money is appropriated from the Treasury?
The difference is only as to the time when tho
work should commence. We have been year
after year appropriating just enough money to
make "confusion worse confounded" in the
grounds approaching this Capitol; and when-
ever the subject is brought up here some gen-
tleman say we will make the appropriation
by and by in this bill or in that bill.
Now, I desire to have this work done in a
way in which a man of business would do
it. This is the trouble about everything in
this city. When wo come here we find men
in the middle of December digging up the
streets and laying them down again. Why?
Because the appropriations are so made that
they can only begin work in September, when
they should have begun work in the early days
of spring, in March, or, at the very latest, on
the 1st of April. We shall not get this bill
through now in time for them to begin work
as early as they should do. That is the reason
why, with due respeot to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, I desire to
make this appropriation here instead of wait-
ing for a bill which will not go into operation
until the 1st day of July next. That is the
reason why I wish that the appropriation shall
continue till the work is finished, because if
it is not finished before the 30th of June it will
be held that the appropriation has lapsed into
the Treasury under some law made with that
little sense with which, as Chancellor Ochsen-
stierna says, the world is governed.
The only object of my amendment is to
allow the work to go on, and to insist upon
having something done. When you, Mr. Chair-
man, or I go to the architect he tells us he
cannot do anything because he cannot con-
trol his appropriations, which begin on the 1st
day of July and stop on the 30th day of June,
and he is left wholly powerless. That is the
reason of the disgraceful condition of the ap-
proaches to this Capitol. There is not a public
building on the face of the earth so beautiful
or so appropriate for its purposes as this;
there is not a public or a private building on
the face of the earth, where three men ever
get together, where the approaches are so
inconvenient, so dangerous, and so inappro-
priate ; and the question is whether we shall
stand here and peddle out a few dollars to
carry up dirt one day and have the rain carry
it down again the next. I am in favor of
having something finished. Nothing has been
finished during the last sixteen years. I re-
member that thirty years ago the approaches
to this Capitol were better than they are
now.
I trust the committee will put money enough
into the hands of the architect that he may
finish the work, and theu hold him responsi-
ble that it shall be finished. Let us give him
the money, so that he may begin work on the
1st of April; and when we come here on the
1st of December and find the work is not fin-
ished lot us put him out of office, or adopt some
other measure of relief.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All the answer
I have to make, for I am not going into this
debate, is that the Committee on Appropria-
tions have followed the estimates. There is
an estimate for this purpose for the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill, but none for the
current fiscal year. No officer of the Govern-
ment has asked for a deficiency for the purpose
named in the amendment. That is the reason
we have put none in the bill. 1 suppose there
is an unexpended balance which they are now
using; at least, they have not asked for any-
thing more, and I think it will be time enough
to jump when we reach the ditch.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to call attention
to the fact that tho amendment, as it now
stands, would of course legitimately imply that
we are to buy the neighboring squares.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not at
all.
Then it is liable in that case to this objec-
tion, that in order to get these neighboring
squares of ground there must be a system of
condemnation and compensation to parties
who own the land. That must be done by an
act of Congress, and cannot be done by a sim-
ple amendment to an appropriation bill. If
the gentleman says I am not correct in that,
then I say that this proposition provides for
an appropriation of $100,000 to be expended
in the improvement of the little ground about
the Capitol, which is now in pretty good con-
dition, so far as that ground extends. The
great want, if there is any, is for an extension
of the grounds around the Capitol. If it is
proposed to expend $100,000 between the
Capitol and the next street, and not to extend
in other directions, then this amendment pro-
poses a most extravagant appropriation. In
either case, therefore, it should not be adopted.
I call for the reading of the amendment as it
has been modified.
The Clerk read as follows :
For completing the grounds and approaches to
tho Capitol, $100,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to finish the same.
Mr. SARGENT. Just so; " for completing
the grounds." What is intended by that ? I
understand what is meant by completing the
approaches to the Capitol. Of course the
approaches are the ways which are laid out
through the grounds. But "completing the
grounds" means, of course, the adding of
something to those grounds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means.
Mr. SARGENT. It is at least a matter
about which there may be a difference of con-
struction. If it does not mean an addition to
the grounds, then it is liable to the objection
that it is an extravagant appropriation for
the limited object to which tho gentleman says
he intends it to apply.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
in the first place to say, that I thought " com-
pleting the grounds '' was a phrase that every-
body would understand. It means completing
the ornamentation of the grounds, not buying
additional grounds. I thought that with the
two squares I have seen them filling up at
each end of the Capitol, and which I supposed
belonged to the Government, that we had
enough. I did not suppose that anybody want-
ed to go any further, and I do not propose
to appropriate $100,000 for any such pur-
pose.
I propose to appropriate $100,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, for com-
pleting the grounds about the Capitol that we
now have. If you have an architect of the
Capitol extension who when you appropriate
$100,000 will use it whether it is needed or
not, then I desire that we should exchange
him for some other man; but I have a great
deal too much respect for him to believe he
will do any such thing. I have never found
him attempting to do that which seemed to
be very extravagant. What I have found him
doing is this: he does not finish anything, and
when asked why he does not he always gives
a good answer, to wit: that we have not given
him the means; that he works until his appro-
priation is exhausted and then stops.
Now, it has been said by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Gar-
field] that there has been no estimate for
this appropriation. Why should the architect
make an estimate for it? There is no defi-
ciency, except a deficiency in having the work
done. He stops when he gets through his
appropriation; he does not go on. The defi-
ciency is not in the grounds, but in the ap-
proaches to the Capitol through the grounds
about the Capitol. I repeat again, they are in
a disgraceful condition. If gentlemen want
them to continue so, I have no objection so far
as they are concerned; but for myself I have
an objection. I do not attach any blame to
the Committee on Appropriations. They say
there was no estimate for this appropriation,
and they were then right in not putting it
in this bill. And why should the architect
estimate for it? He should not.
My amendment is only this, to appropriate
so much as may be necessary to complete the
grounds and the approaches around the Capi-
tol. Under this appropriation not an acre of
land can be purchased. Everybody knows that
no officer of the Government can buy an acre
of land except through a direct act of Con-
gress, and there is no law for condemning an
acre of land about this Capitol. Therefore no
such objection lies against my amendment as is
insisted upon by my friend from California, [Mr.
Sargent. ] And I hope if gentlemen are ready
to have the approaches to this Capitol finished,
so that they can either ride or walk up here
without danger to their lives, they will vote
for my amendment; for let me say to you that
if you wait for the regular bill you cannot deal
with the appropriations until next July, and
winter will be upon you before you can get
anything done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us now
take a vote.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts speaks of completing and improv-
ing the Capitol grounds. What grounds would
he include, and how are they to be improved ?
Does the gentleman mean to authorize the set-
ting out of trees, and grading ? What extent
ofground.would he include? Would he in-
