448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Departments of this Government. It holds
them in check; and to set up the paltry sum—
and I mean what I say—to set up the paltry sum
which it costs to prepare and print the answers
to our interrogatories against the benefits aris-
ing therefrom, is to my mind totally absurd.
But I do not believe that to be the motive.
It cannot be the motive.
This resolution of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland,] to my mind, is oae of the
very worst ever offered in this House; and if
the rule should be established that these reso-
lutions of inquiry are all to go to committees
before they are permitted to be propounded
to the officers, it will prevent all information
being obtained from the Departments.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on my motion. All
this is out of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The whole thing will be
in the hands of the committee, and the com-
mittee is a partisan committee, and it will
cover up these transactions.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on my motion, that
the committee rise.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Biair,
of Michigan, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the President's message,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title;
in which the cencurrenee of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 352) for the relief of Benja-
min H. Campbell, marshal of the United States
for the northern district of Illinois.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Bigby was
granted leave of absence for five days, Mr.
Merrick for two days, and Mr. Adams for ten
days.
william snelling.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers of William Snelling, in refer-
ence to his application for prize-money and
arrears of pay, presented during the Forty-First
Congress.
h. s. eldridge, et al.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, by unanimous
consent, the memorial of H. S. Eldridge, and
Gilbert & Gerrish, was withdrawn from the
files of the House, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
attorney for the district.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Attor-
ney General in relation to an additional allow-
ance of $3,000 per annum to be made to the
office of the attorney of the United States
for the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
fort smelling military reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of May 7,187f, in relation to one thou-
sand acres to be selected for a permanent mili-
tary post, so much of the military reservation
of Fort Snelling; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
penitentiaries in the territories.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior in relation to the act of
January 22, 1867, making appropriations for
the erection of penitentiaries in the Territories;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
removal of pension office.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior in relation to the expenses
incurred in the removal of the Pension Office,
to the Seaton House, in September, 1871;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio, (at three o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Melville
Hudson, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BINGHAM: Two memorials of the
American Temperance Commission, A. M.
Powell, president, praying for an amendment
of the Constitution providing that no person
shall be eligible to any Federal office who is
addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage.
By Mr. BRAXTON: A petition of sundry
citizens of Louisa county, Virginia, asking
a uniform tax on all manufactured tobacco
entering the market for consumption at six-
teen cents per pound.
By Mr. COX: The petition of David Klien,
for relief.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of A. E.
Robbins and others, citizens of Allamakee
county, Iowa, asking for the establishment
of a post route between Harper's Ferry and
Wankon.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of the Soldiers'
Union Home and School of New York, for an
appropriation.
By Mr. FOSTER,of Michigan: A petition
for pension for Thomas Wilson, of Kent county,
Michigan.
By Mr. HAZLETON, of New Jersey: A
petition from the inhabitants of the city of
Bridgeton, New Jersey, for an appropriation
to improve the navigation of Cohansey creek
between that city ana Delaware bay.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Simon
Stansifer, to be relieved- from an error in his
accounts as collector of internal revenue for
the third district of Indiana.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of many
insurance companies and citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions.
Also, the memorial of the Radical Reform
Club of Philadelphia, proposing a method for
the revival of American commerce.
By Mr. MAYNAIID: The petition of M. A.
Helm and J. Jacob Helm, heirs of Ambrose
Van, deceased, praying Congress to pass the
French spoliation bill now under consideration
in the House of Representatives.
Also, the petition of 155 persons, citizens of
Tennessee, late soldiers of the United States
Army, requesting bounty land and equalization
of bounties.
Also, the petition of Benjamin S. Weller,
sen., of Davidson county, Tennessee, praying
reimbursement from the Government of the
United States for goods destroyed during the
late war.
Also, the petition of David Yates, late of
company K, third Tennessee cavalry, for $100
bounty lost to him by neglect of his attorney.
Also, the petition of William Phillips and
others, for a special act to place the name of
Stephen Phillips on the rolls of company K,
ninth Tennessee cavalry.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
William H. Ray and 18 others, citizens of
Monongahela City, Pennsylvania, asking the
passage of a law establishing a uniform rate
of tax on all manufactured tobacco" of sixteen
cents per pound.
By Mr. McHENRY : The memorial of John
C. Chamberlin, praying compensation for ser-
vices as first lieutenant, company B, twelfth
Kentucky cavalry.
By Mr. McJUNKIN : The petition of Eliza-
beth J. Clampitt, widow ofGeorge D. Clampitt,
late a private in company B, third Pennsylva-
nia artillery, for a pension.
By Mr. MOREY : A petition of citizens of
north Louisiana, praying for the establish-
ment of a United States district court for north
Louisiana.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ouachita
parish, Louisiana, praying for the passage of
a bill granting relief to all persons laboring
under political disabilities.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Rev. S. M.
Bird, A. G._Mabry, and others, for aid in rebuild-
ing the Episcopal church at Selma, Alabama.
Also, the petition of John Long, John
Booker, William Jones, and others, for the
reduction of the tax on tobacco.
By Mr. PRICE: A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Pickens and Dawson counties, in Geor-
gia, for a post route from Jasper to Dawson-
ville, in said State.
By Mr. RAINEY: The petition of W. J".
White, Edwin Belcher, Thomas P. Beard, and
198 others, colored citizens of Georgia, praying
for the passage of the supplemental civil rights
bill.
By Mr. SESSIONS : The petition of Phoebe
Ann Elderkin, for a pension on account of the
death of her son, on whom she was dependent.
By Mr. SLATER: The petition of Samuel
Coiner and 630 others, citizens of Oregon, ask-
ing for the passage of an act which will secure
to actual settlers lands granted to the State of
Oregon under the swamp-land act, approved
March 12, 1860.
By Mr. VAUGHAN: The petition of S. W.
Cooper and 390 others, citizens of Fayette
county, Tennessee, praying Congress to refund
the tax paid upon cotton in 1865, 1866, 1867,
and 1868.
Also, the petition of John W. Winfrey and 63
others, citizens of Fayette county, Tennessee,
praying Congress to refund the amount of tax
paid upon cotton in 1865,1866,1867, and 1868.
bills introduced.
The following bills were presented under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. DONNAN: A bill to establish cer-
tain post routes in the State of Iowa.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: A bill
to establish a mail route from Clam Lake to
Traverse City, State of Michigan.
By Mr. HARPER: A bill to establish a
post route from Hickory Tavern, by Dudley's
Shoals, Brushy Mountain, and Warrior Creek,
to Wilkesboro, North Carolina, and from Globe
to Blowing Rock, North Carolina.
By Mr. PRICE: A bill to establish a post
route from Jasper to Dawsonville, in the State
of Georgia.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 18, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Finance :
A bill (H. R. No. 1061) to authorize the
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing
officers; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1062) to admit certain
machinery imported from foreign countries
free of duty.
The following House bills were read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations:
A bill (H. R. No. 1055) to regulate the sal-
ary of the consul at Tien-Tsin, China ; and
