3136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May %M
and Brazil, its benefits in commercial and
friendly intercourse, are conceded. The Sen-
ate yesterday proposed $300,000 for this in-
creased service, §60,000 more than is now paid
to the contractors for monthly trips.
A Senator speaking for the contractor, whom
I may here allude to by name, Commodore
Garrison, who has so greatly increased and so
earnestly and honorably maintained in behalf
of our country its ocean service, declined this
proposition. I come here now, after consult-
ation with several Senators, and upon con-
sultation too with those who are at present
conducting this important service between the
two countries, with this compromise proposi-
tion. It differs from that which was with-
diawn yesterday in these respects, and in these
only: first, it proposes $100,000 more for
the semi-monthly service than the Seriate pro-
posed yesterday; second, after sixty days'
notice, upon the expiration of the present con-
tract for monthly trips, the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall permit this service to be given to
the lowest bidder, provided in no event shall
the sum exceed $400,000; third, it provides
also that any sum shall be deducted from the
$400,000 which the Government of Brazil
may at any time pay to these contractors.
— This, in a word, is the case. It seems to
me altogether reasonable. And, sir, speak-
ing more in behalf of my country than for any
individual or interest, I should say it is alike
advantageous and just, arid I hope the Sen-
ate will give it their sanction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from New York.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, and others,
called lor the yeas and naj'S ; and they were
ordered.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the Navyappro-
priation bill was reduced by about two mil-
lions below what it was last year. We are
building no ships for the Navy; we are only
providing for some repairs in the Navy. I
will state here that an expenditure of half
the amount of that reduction will add fifteen
or twenty very efficient vessels to our Navy.
Mr. WRIGHT. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Ramsey.] If he were here he would vote
"yea,"and I should vote •'nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Casserly, Clayton,
Colo, Conkhrig, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Flanagan,
Hamlin, Hill, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
■Myo, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Sawjer, Stewart, Stock-
ton, West, Wilaon, and Windom—25. 1
^ S—Messrs. Alcorn, JJoreman, Caldwell, Chan-
dler, Davis ot West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
(joidthw.ute, Hamilton of Maiyland, Hamilton of
lexas, Harlan. Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Morton,
Norwood. SauKbury, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson,
toumner, mid Vickers—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter. Cooper, Davis
ol Kentuck>, Gilbert, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
niont, Oboi^n, PafteiMin, Pratt, Ramsey, E.ansom,
ltoberKoii, Sehurz, Scott, Sprague, Tliurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Wright—25.
So the amendment of Mr. Fextox was
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer an amendment,
which is substantially the one I reserved yes-
terday at the rising ot the committee.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Siic. .That tlie Postmaster General is hereby
authorized and directed to contract with the parties
owning and representing the United States, New
Zealand, and Australian mail steamship fine, or
"with any party or parlies other than those embiaced
within this act, and who are able to perform the
service, afler_ proper notice by publication, to ex-
tend the scrvice now «xi*ting for the transpoi tation
of the mails between S/m Francisco and the Sand-
wjcfr Islands to New Zealand and Australia lor the
period ot ten years trom the commencement of the
extended service, at un additional compensation
not exceeding $425,000 per annum: Provided That
the entire service between San Francisco and New
Zealand and Australia ishall consist of thirteen
round trips in each year, to be performed in first-
class American-built steamships, of not less than
two thousand tons register burden, which shall be
 o coiistructed as to be readily adapted to the armed
1 naval service of the United States in case of war;
and before acceptance the officers by whom they are
inspected shall report to the Secretary of the Navy
ami to the Postmaster General whether thN con-
dition has been complied with, and shall be officered
by citizens of the United States or persons who
have declared their intention to bceomc citizen?.
And a sufficient sum is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated to pay for the extended service that may be
performed under such extension prior to July 1,
1873.
Mr. CHANDLER. I raise a question of
order on this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will state the point of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. That it is anew subject
of legislation not germane to the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is nothing in the
bill about it.
Mr. POMEROY. This is an extension of
service provided for. The bill provides for
$75,000 to the Sandwich Islands, and this is an
addition and extension of the service and of
the appropriation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair h^ard
it correctly, this does not state anything about
an extension of service ; it is an Australian
steamship line.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is an entirely new
sclie me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not con-
nected with the bill, but the Chair will submit
the question to the Senate. The question is,
will the Senate receive this amendment ?
Mr. CxiSSERLY. If I maybe allowed one
moment, I suppose that the point of order is
not well taken. Yesterday there was the same
amendment, with a very slight change, which
change operates to open the service to public
competition, offered to the bill and voted down.
I reserved the right to renew that amendment
in the Senate. It seems to me that if there is
any point of order to be taken, it should have
been taken when the amendment was first in-
troduced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairstated
to the Senator yesterday that he could not re-
serve the right to offer ltin the Senate, because \
it was not reported among the amendments !
from the Committee of the Whole to the Sen- j
ate. It having been rejected or laid 011 the !
table in Committee of the Whole it was not
reported ; and the Senator then gave notice
that he intended to offer it in the Senate. It
is, however, subject to the rules when offered;
and the Senator from Michigan having made i
the point of order, the question is, does this j
directly relate to any appropriation contained
in the bill? j
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is perfectly plain as j
an intellectual proposition that tliis does not
relate to any appropriation contained in this
bill at all. That is a question merely of intel-
lectual truth. It is not any matter how we
wish it to be; but there is the fact that this
bill appropriates money for almost every other
purpose in the world except this purpose ; and
it has no'relation to this at all. Therefore, if
we intend to stand, as an intellectual question,
with any fidelity to the rule we have laid down,
we shall be obliged, whatever we may think
about the desirability of this service, to say
that there is nothing in this amendment which
relates to any appropriation this bill makes,
nothing which directs how the money that is
appropriated by the bill as it stands shall be
expended, lhat is plain enough; but I do
not know that we ought to be very critical
about this inasmuch as we have emasculated
the bill of about the only good section it had.
I hope, therefore, we shall not be too sharp
on my friend from California in putting in
something as bad as that was good we took
out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present
occupant was not. in the chair yesterday when
the xiiistralian line amendment was offered
from the Committee on Appropriations; but
that amendment, as the Senate knew very
well, directly connected itself with an appro-
priation for service from San Francisco to tuo
Sandwich Islands, authorizing its extension to
Auslralia, 111 the opinion of the occupant of
the chair at that time, and he therefore enter-
tained it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The same point of order
would have been fatal to the China subsidy
and the Brazil subsidy, because each one of
them did legislate to precisely the same extent
as this amendment legislates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment as to the China subsidy related to an
appropriation contained in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. And those amendments
were reported to the Senate before this rule
was adopted, and were pending in the Senate
as amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Besides, they
directly related to appropriations already in
the bill; in the case of the China mail an
appropriation of $500,000, which could be cut
down or increased. That being an appropria-
tion in the bill, a legislative provision in regard
to it was in order.
Mr. MORION. The rule adopted by the
Senate is that amendments shall not be offered
to appropriation bills which are not germane.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. Not exactly that
language, but which do not "directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill."
Mr. MORTON. When the bill itself con-
tains provisions in regard to subsidies for
steamship lines, then an amendment in regard
to another subsidy fur another line is germane
to the bill; but if it was in regard to the tariff,
it would not be ; it would be a totally different
subject. It seems to me that it is in order.
Mr. COLE. I wish to say on the point of
order that by a rereference to the language of
the amendment it will probably be in order,
because it purports to be to extend a service
now existing for the transportation of mails,
and will come in immediately after the forty-
fifth line of the fourth section: "and the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized,"
&c., "to extend the service now existing."
That is the form, I believe, in which the
amendment was offered yesterday, which would
make it germane.
Mr. POMEPiOY. No one appeals from the
decision of the Chair; but he puts to the Sen-
ate the question, will the Senate put it on the
bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair states
that as an amendment somewhat of this char-
acter was entertained yesterday, though more
directly connected with an appropriation con-
tained in the bill, it being then proposed in the
shape of an extension ofalineprovidedfor in the
bill, the Chair would not himself rule this out,
but submitted the point of order made by the
Senator from Michigan to the Senate, in this
form: does this provision directly relate to
an appropriation contained in this bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Chair sub-
mitted to the Senate whether they would
receive it and put it on the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair submitted the
point of order to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. This rule was adopted
to aid the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,]
as chairman of the Committee 011 Appropri-
ations, 111 expediting his bills. The language
was carefully framed with a view to exclude
legislative provisions. I will trouble the Chair
to read the language again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is:
" And no amendment to any such bill making
legislative provisions, other than such as directly
relate to the appropriations contained in tho bin,
shall be received."
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no appropri-
ation in this bill that has any pertinence to liiis
matter except the appropriation for a steaift"
ship line from San Francisco to the Sandwich
IsSands, for which we have agreed to pay
$75,000. Now, the rule expressly provides
that no amendment of a legislative charac-
ter shall be- attached unless it relies to aa
