2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
that the United States are not bound by the
terms of the Constitution to make compensa-
tion to citizens for losses of property incurred
by them at the bands of the public enemy, it
does not follow that Congress may not perform
an act of justice toward the people wbo have
suffered on account of the inability of the Gen-
eral Government to protect them in the enjoy-
ment of .the rights guarantied them in the
organic law. It is doubtless good policy for
the State, as well as for individuals, to observe
the maxim which teaches us to be just before
we are generous, but the opposite doctrine
seems to prevail in Federal legislation.
Subsidies of millions of dollars to private
corporations receive approving votes, hun-
dreds of millions of acres of the public domain
8je bestowed upon railroad companies, and the
negotiation of Government loans is made to
pour the wealth of Crcesus into the laps of
favorites. The people for whom I have the
honor to speak claim no such largess. They
seek no gilts. They ask no alms. They sim-
ply demand justice. May it not be reasonably
expected that a Government so generous to
those to whom it owes nothing will not disre-
gard the petition of those to whom it is greatly
indebted ? For, truly, the people whose cause
I am attempting to advocate, suffered much
for the sake of the Republic. They are the
men of the border; those men who during the
war of the rebeltiou were the living ramparts
of the Slates which adhered to the General
Government. They are the men whose mount-
ain farms were the fortresses of McClellan
and Meade, whose homes were given to the
flames by the torch of McCausland, and whose
fields are historic in the world-renowned names
of Autietam and Gettysburg.
Many of them were soldiers of the United
States Army, faithfully discharging their duty,
while the Government, for whose preservation
they faced the cannon's mouth, seized and
used or destroyed their property, or failed to
defend it against pillage and destruction by
the public enemy. The widow an"d the orphan
of the heroic dead who fell in defense of the
Union are numbered among those whose
property was made a part of the august sacri-
fice for the preservation of the Republic, and
aged and infirm parents, whose sons sleep in
nameless graves on distant battle-fields, are on
the same roll of unfortunates. It cannot be
that the just expectation of these sufferers in
the cause of the Union will be disappointed
by indifference and neglect on the part of the
.Representatives of the people. It is scarcely
to be feared that the proverbial ingratitude
of republics is to be so sharply illustrated, so
peculiarly signalized.
Objection will doubtless be made upon the
ground that a large expense will be entailed
on the Government if the claims in question
be allowed by Congress. I am not advised as
to the sum which would be required for their
satisfaction. Until the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Maryland, or some measure of
a like character, becomes a law, the amount
cannot be ascertained with exactness. The
claims of citizens of my own State, for losses
of the character described, will not exceed
$3,000,000. Those of citizens of Maryland
will hardly reach that sum. I venture to say
that $10,000,000 will cover the entire amount
of claims for losses sustained in the adhering
States during the war of the rebellion through
the injury and destruction of private property
by the troops of both armies. W ere it twice
or thrice that sum, the Government can pay
it without the slightest embarrassment. In-
deed, I am persuaded ihat the administration
of public affairs with a proper regard to
economy would reduce the present expendi-
tures of the Government to such an extent that
these claims might be paid in a single year,
and the burden of the tax-payers for that year
be made lighter than it.was during the last
fiscal year. It will not be out of place here
to attempt the proof of this.
The expenditures of the General Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1871,
were, as shown by the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury:
For civil and miscellaneous purposes, 869,498,710 97
For the War Department  41,080,084 9j
For the Navy Department  19,431,027 21
For Indians  7,426,997 44
Total expenditures, not including
pensions and payments on interest
and principal of public debt $140,436,820 57
Compare with this exhibit tlje expenditures
of the General Government for the fiscal year
ended June 30,1860, as stated in the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury for that year:
For civil and miscellaneous purposes...$28,105,174 83
For the War Department  16,409,767 lO
For the Navy Department  11,513,150 19
For Indians  2,727,655 28
Total expenditures, not including
pensions and payments on "interest
and principal of the public debt $5$,755,747 40
Here is shown an increase in the sum-
total of the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1871,
over that of the same for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 1860, of $81,681,073 19. The cost
of maintaining the War Department is now
almost three times as much as it was in
1860. The same proportion holds good as to
the Indian department ; while the payments
for the civil list and miscellaneous purposes
are two and a half times as great as in 1860,
and the expenses of the Navy Department
almost double what they were then. It is but
necessary to know that the Army of the Uni-
ted States at present numbers twice as many
meu as in 1860 to understand why the expenses
of the War Department are $28,000,000 greater
per annum now than they were eleven years
ago. But the most adroit apologist for the
presence of a large standing Army in the midst
of a free people cannot invent a good reason
why the Government should at this time be
provided with a military force of thirty thou-
sand men, since fifteen thousand formerly per-
formed ail the service which can now be legit-
imately required of the Army.
The present is a time of profound peace.
Domestic violence has ceased ; the attitude
of foreign Powers toward our country is entirely
pacific ; and "Lo ! the poor Indian" smokes
his calumet filled with the kinikinick of tran-
quillity. The battle-flags are furled, and the
bloody occupation of the military arm of the
Government is gone—let us hope forever.
The number of forts to be garrisoned, the
extent of frontier to be guarded, the work to
be done by the Army in every respect, is not
greater now than in 1860. Ah 1 I had forgot-
ten. The present Federal Executive has ne-
cessities and perplexities which were unknown
to his predecessors in office. The sword alone
can cut the way for him through the wilder-
ness of difficulties which surrounds his candi-
dacy for reelection. Party conventions must
feel the persuasive power of fixed bayonets ;
Federal troops must parade the streets of
New York, Philadelphia, and other large
cities on election day; anda brilliant military
campaign must be made in all the southern
States under the sacred banner of the carpet-
bag. Herein is found the only reason for
keeping up a standing army of thirty thousand
men at a cost of $44,000,000 per annum. It
is not certain, but perhaps possible, that if a
new and indefinite lease of power were assured
the Administration, a reduction of the number
of troops would be made which would save the
Government some twenty million dollars an-
nually, and thus enable it the more easily to
pay some of its honest debts.
Why is the expense of maintaining the
Navy so enormous; or why, indeed, are there
any appropriations at all for that Department?
We -have no Navy. It is as much a myth as
old Neptune himself. Our few ships of war,
well as they are manned and officered, do
not constitute a Navy. Why, then, does this
Department cost us $8,000,000 per annum
more than in 1860? Since the country pays for
a proper naval establishment, the Government
ought to give it such an establishment or cease
t.o tax the people in that behalf, and devote its
surplus cash to additional payments of its
honest debts.
Why has the expense of the Indian depart-
ment been tripled since 1860? Are we not
told thatthe present Administration has treated
the Indian question with splendid success; nay,
was not the last tomahawk buried in the grave
of the slain Piegan women? Have we not had
the gentle suasion of General Parker and
Vincent Colyer winning the savage nature to
the practices of civilization and the arts of
peace? It must be that under the benignant
influences of the Indian policy of the present
Administration the aboriginal race has greatly
increased in numbers, and hence the heavy
expense of the bureau which has charge of its
affairs. Statisticians say otherwise, but they
are doubtless at fault. Be that as it may, I
conclude that it is quite probable that, with a
proper management of that bureau, several
million dollars could be saved annually, which
the Government might apply in further pay-
ment of its honest debts.
Why are the expenses on account of the
civil list and miscellaneous purposes $41,000, -
000 greater per annum than they were eleven
years ago? The machinery of the Govern-
ment paid for under these heads is the same
now as it was then, with the exception of the
internal revenue department, which cost for the
last fiscal year $9,000,000. Deduct the expense
of that department from the $41,000,000 of in-
crease on account of the civil list and miscellane-
ous purposes, and there still remain to be ac-
counted for $32,000,000 per annum. How is
this enormous augmentation of expenditures
under these heads to be explained ? Is any
explanation possible? Does it not betoken
wastefulness, extravagance,or something worse
in the management of the bureaus which heap
this monstrous expense upon the shoulders of
the people? It is not to be doubted that at
least $25,000,000 could be safely lopped off
from the present annual expenditures of those
bureaus and paid over to anxious creditors of
the Government.
From this showing it is plain that, allowing
for the increase of expenditures on account
of the internal revenue department, and I
may add the clerical force now employed in
the Pension Bureau and other offices having
charge of the settlement and payment of claims
arising from the late war, at least $70,000,000
of the public moneys might be saved each year
by a judicious and frugal administration of the
Government. Under such an administration
the taxes of the people would be at least
$50,000,000 less during the year in which the
claims for losses of property by the war of
which I have spoken would be paid than they
are at present, while payments of pensions
and the principal and interest of the public
debt would not be diminished.
It is clear, then, that economy in the public
expenditures ought to begin elsewhere than in
a denial of the rights of citizens having just
claims against the Government. A refusal to
settle and satisfy such claims is as unnecessary
in a sound and enlightened public policy as
repudiation of the funded debt. Honesty is
the best policy as well for the State as for
individuals. Jf the claims which are to be
examined under the provisions of the bill
presented by the gentleman from Maryland,
amended as I have suggested it should be, are
just, there ought to be no hesitation about
their payment by the Government on the
ground of economy. Keduee the Army, calk
the leaks in the Navy, curtail the profits in
Indian contracts, and shut down that flood-
gate of the Treasury, known as " miscella-
neous purposes;" but let it not be said that a
Government which has shown that it can
